Dr.Stephen Carty a Scottish GP was quoted as saying ” All doctors are duty bound by the GMC to report any system or process that may be harmful to patients. The WCA is a harmful process.Scottish GPs have spoken, the GMC cannot remain silent on this matter any longer”
Amy is a cryogenically frozen passenger aboard the vast spaceship Godspeed. She expects to wake up on a new planet, 300 years in the future. But fifty years before Godspeed's scheduled landing, Amy's cryo chamber is unplugged, and she is nearly killed.
I hope your letter made you feel better.
Source: soulhongkong@FB
stamps: TAC Asian Butterfly
I shall inform the general public of our decision regarding next years trading A.S.A.P. for my sake as well.
Now, just to clue you in, Tartarus is so hairy that he has to make an informed decision of a morning about where his cut-off point is on his neck before he starts shaving or he'd be standing there de-fluffing all day. And even when he does shave, it grows back at Homer Simpson speeds.
Avery Brewing Company Quinquepartite
Then when we got home, we had cupcakes! Julie found an awesome recipe on Pinterest...chocolate chip cookie and brownie cupcakes with chocolate buttercream frosting...they were amazing!
The following is based on a post by Andrew Frank at andrewfrank.ca. Mr. Frank is (among many other things) the whistleblower who signed an official affidavit accusing the Prime Minister’s Office of threatening environmental charities.
The photos below of Matthew are using macro lens.
to blind security.
Have you seen these??? Wilton has some new cake decorating products out that are pretty nifty. I was very interested in their new "Fondant & Gum Paste Molds" ($9.99 each): Baroque, Global, Fabric, and Nature. Michaels is currently having a "buy 2 get the 3rd for free" sale on all their bakeware and cake decorating products. Go ahead and dash out to the store. I'll be here when you get back. I really wanted the Baroque mold, but they were sold out! I settled for the Global and Nature molds.
So far, I’ve come up with: noodles, eggs, gnocchi… and just straight licking it out off a spoon. Seriously, I was awake past midnight.
From Chi San, Yi Gak learns of Se Na’s involvement in the envelope debacle so he confronts her about the switcheroo. One thing I have to say about this girl is that she’s very calm when backed into a corner and she is one hell of a quick-thinker.
And discussing the nature of the society they wish to build they argue that”
Nearly 10,000 ordinary Chinese folk had turned up to support Dong Zong to protest the lack of Chinese primary school teachers, even chasing away MCA Deputy Education Minister Wee Ka Siong from the event. This rally – for the usually politically-timid Chinese – is a landmark and a real warning for the UMNO-BN. It is the Chinese equivalent of the 2007 Hindraf rally where 30,000 Malaysians – most of Indian origin – protested against their racial marginalization by the UMNO government.
I also see loads of advice online for this problem. There are many techniques to get your WIP up and running again, but they all boil down to one simple solution. Just write. Writer's block seems to have a lot less to do with a lack of ideas than time and motivation. Write anything, journals, riff-writing, clustering, letters, short stories or scenes. Once you get yourself started you'll be amazed at how silly it seemed to procrastinate.
1. Preheat an oven to 350°F. Grease an 8 1/2-by-4 1/2-inch metal loaf pan with butter.
October 1, 2001 Special Dispatch No.277
The introduction bears the legend: “This book is not about settling scores. I have tried to describe what happened with calm and restraint.”
“Does this circus have an elephant I don’t know about?”
***REMINDER: Please mark your calendars for:
I am thankful but tired, so tired!
Or a pretty Range Rover.
Maybe I will never know
“i cant c u 2day @ lunch :( sum1 tript me g2g hosptial ttyl rofl”
Further supplier’s have been officially named as accredited supplier’s of the newly launched Government G-Cloud:
She was taller than I was, taller than any women I had ever seen. Her black hair was loose down her back and her skin shone luminous and impossibly pale, as if it drank light from the moon. She was so close I could smell her, sea water laced with dark brown honey. I did not breathe. I did not dare.
I thought long and hard about what to charge. I’ve never been greedy. All you have to do is look at the prices I charge for the hardcopies to see that (£5.99 including postage in the UK and £7.99 to the States) and I could say, to hell with it, let’s just get as many readers as I can and see if I can develop a bit of a fan base so that when the next books come out (I have another three novels, at least one collection of short stories and the poetry book) I might reap the profits later. There are too many conflicting schools of thought out there to know for sure what will work. Some are putting their prices up and down like yoyos trying to see what the optimum prices are and I may do that. My basic logic is that the prices I’m asking should be a fair price. If I went into a shop and there was a sale on I never thought twice about buying a cassette tape or a book for a couple of quid, £2.99 was okay too but once they started asking £3.99 or more then I began to scrutinise the product and swither. I have a tape of Vaughan Williams’ Symphonies Nos. 8 and 9 that I bought in Stranraer about twenty years ago and I remember how long it took me to decide to buy it because I wasn’t flush and I think it was £2.99.
Last question. April Ryan.
For a chance to win one of my heart pendants like the ones below, please just leave me a comment on this post and I will draw a winner on 17th Feb 2011.
But wait, there's more. When you come in to the sleep clinic for a simple oxygen reading, you get your brain activity read and REM sleep studied and your jaw tapped and straps across your chest and connections down through your PJs to connect to the pulse-ox monitors on each big toe. As an added bonus, you get a brand new cannula inserted into the nasal cavity for easy monitoring of CO2 levels and the ability to feed oxygen if the need arises. And if you insist on pulling that off at the first opportunity, you will be required to wear the makeshift mittens made from socks and masking tape. Practical and stylish.
Other than it is sustainable and may generate more savings,
If you are having a hard time knowing how to pace yourself, here are a few points to consider. These four things help me to clear my mind of distractions so that I can recognize when to sprint and when to just draft. None of these are original with me.
We literally walked through the stage to get onto the floor to find our seats. We got all those looks of, who are they? How'd they get backstage? You know, the looks you give people who walk out from behind the stage and you wish that you were them.
And that’s all I have to say about the subject, Robin. Goodnight.
This beer brings back the old problem of poor balancing of ingredients.
To which Wifesy, who is a Veterinarian and was a Marine Biology minor said, “You realize what the veins are on shrimp, right?”
Beef Roast, Potatoes
We walk around Büyük Ada enjoying the scenery, looking at the old beautiful houses. Not hearing honks or car engines. This, I think is the best part.
2 tbsp extra-virgin olive oil
6. Are you a plotter or a pantser? Have you always been this way?
Oh, and I almost forgot to ask, did you by chance get to have any cute fireman over???
We all love football, right? At least you do if you’re reading this blog. That’s why we spend so much time and energy discussing it, theorizing about it, watching it, listening to other people discussing it, and spending work hours on which running back we (although not me, I don’t play fantasy football) should play this week.
many boxes which are currently lying in the floor.
“Me, too,” George said and joined Ralph in his water celebration. He grabbed Rachel’s hand, and the three splashed around the river rocks until Rachel became dizzy and begged to stop.
Large racial differences remain: 73 percent of black children are born outside marriage, compared with 53 percent of Latinos and 29 percent of whites. And educational differences are growing. About 92 percent of college-educated women are married when they give birth, compared with 62 percent of women with some post-secondary schooling and 43 percent of women with a high school diploma or less, according to Child Trends.
All of the design elements can be found on the webpage.
Best Catered Vanilla - L's
There's a serious side to this, though, of course. The reason Salt are running this sale is that they need an emergency injection of cash if they are to keep going. The Just One Book campaign started last summer continues, and as a Salt author I am asking you once more to do that: buy just one Salt book - and brighten up your life into the bargain! If you want prose, you could buy one of my own Salt books: Balancing on the Edge of the World, a story collection that lifts the lid on some of the untold stories in our everyday lives, or my novel Too Many Magpies, on the surface a spooky tale of adultery but on the deeper level a study of our present sense of the precariousness of the world, and of the ways in which we think. (If you've got them already, why not buy one for a relative or friend - Too Many Magpies, since motherhood is one of its themes, would make a great Mothers' Day present!) Or you could buy a book by one of the great short story writers I feel privileged to be published alongside: Carys Davies, Matthew Licht, Paul Magrs, Tania Hershman, Vanessa Gebbie, Nuala Ni Chonchuir, Chrissie Gittins, Padrika Tarrant, and on... Or you could buy Salt's guide to the art of the short story, Short Circuit.
with my eyes of stone
Walking erect
Cousins is a truly powerful writer, managing to have me laughing out loud during one scene and crying during the next - I loved how the atmosphere in the story changed so quickly from happy to tragic, exactly how it does in real life. I think that's the main strength of this book, that it is so incredibly real. It stays realistic from beginning to end and I'm really pleased that the ending is realistic, rather than the Hollywood ending I know some writers would have gone for.
You might have observed that if knee is aligned normally then there is about 7 degrees of valgus between femur and tibia that is leg goes outward from thigh by 7 degrees. In osteoarthritis this valgus alignment is reversed to Knee varus ie leg comes inside from thigh. Look following pictures which are self explanatory.
With achievement comes lessons learned. Therefore, our mission is to provide you a forum for these High Achievers to discuss, how they obtained this level of success, what excites them, and the lessons that they learned.
Point is, there's a probable chance of failure right from the beginning.
22 - tornnados - telstar
Emmerdale: James Thornton (John Barton)
Processor:Multicore Intel® processor
Diesel prices are the highest of all, and most farm tractors that I'm familiar with operate on diesel. So do the eighteen-wheelers that transport our goods. So do most of the cargo ships that haul trade goods around the world.
Why Go to the London Book Fair 2012? by Lucy Coats from Scribble City Central. Peek: "The seminar I got most of, though, was the one Bali Rai organised. He had arranged for a panel of teenagers from two London schools to come and talk to us about what they wanted to see in a novel." Note: includes lengthy teen comments.
The Dandy Top 150 (at the moment):
I really really think it would be awesome to be a style blogger (Or a model or a photographer or a buyer…) for Go Jane. I’m already obsessed with everything they have and I love putting outfits together. There’s also that small fact that I will be going to school to be a stylist… I just think it would be awesome to work for them or with them.
6/ Broken Britain with children killing each other, people going to prison for defending their homes, yob culture and collapsing law and order.
Gray and heavy blanket, folding, covering all.
"Americans don't know how to dress anymore and I'm here to help them learn how to again!" she said and then handed me the most God awful turquiose dyed denim duster complete with feathers dangling from leather strips that accentuated the southwest designed fabric coming over the shoulders with the finishing detail of copper puffy paint outlining the fabric, just to give it that little extra oomph.
Democratic Congresswoman Sheila Jackson Lee unveiled the program, labeled Bus Safe, during a press conference on Friday. According to a Metropolitan Transit Authority of Houston (METRO) press release, agencies involved in the scheme will, “ride buses, perform random bag checks, and conduct K-9 sweeps, as well as place uniformed and plainclothes officers at Transit Centers and rail platforms to detect, prevent and address latent criminal activity or behavior.”
In addition to this lesson, I'm hoping that Wiola is going to be able to come out again to continue working with us on the straightness issue; I really feel that there is little point in spending lots of money on lessons that only work on the horse, until I have sorted my own problems out first. The lady that owns the yard I keep Echo at was really impressed by how well Echo was moving during the lesson - and we were barely concentrating on her - it just shows how vital it is to make sure you are sitting right in order to make the horse go well.
Get rid of Top Of The Pops because of 24 hour music channels? Missing the point - I don't want to watch 24 hour music channels to see what's in the top 20, I want a review show. On that reasoning, the BBC would have got rid of the 9 o'clock News, because there's 24 hour rolling news. 'But people want a round-up', they bleat. Exactly, idiots, so give me a pop round up, and make it entertaining. Also, give me an entertaining weather review/forecast, and make that amusing as well. I pay you for this shit.
Anti racism is a code word for anti White.
Be you for me.
Infowars.com
I was able to pull out a couple item from
There is going to be some pics and not much text in this update :'D
a congress of crows,
First and foremost, the main idea was good and seemed as silly as many of the show's episodes: a megalomaniac British lord, Sir August DeWynter (Sean Connery) is able to control the Earth's weather and plans to make the world pay for their weather or die if they try and stop him. And the only ones who can stop him, of course, are Steed and Peel.
My daughter told the doctor her favorites were watermelon and carrots. Sadly, I secretly hoped she had said blueberries and spinach- because my daughter eats them all the time and they are much more nutrient than the favs she mentioned.
TBPTV (Twice Baked Potato TV): Part gourmet and delicious, while absolutely horrible for our cholesterol
Washington D.C. in the late 1970s had a small localized music scene: cover-bands and bands who slipped originals into sets padded out with covers to keep the patrons drinking and dancing. Around 1979, a small scene within a small scene emerged. Bands like BAD BRAINS, THE PENETRATORS, THE ENZYMES and others were playing a harder-edged brand of music than the new wave bands working in the local club scene. Early Dischord roots can be traced to this year as THE SLINKEES (Ian MacKaye, Jeff Nelson, Geordie Grindle and Mark Sullivan) played their only show at a garage party that summer. Mark went to college in the fall, Nathan Strejcek took over the vocalist slot, and they became THE TEEN IDLES. They were playing in the DC area before year's end.
*The MOH scale is used for stones. It was developed in the 1800's and shows the strengths and weaknesses of the stone.
GM: The Commonwealth Games will use a pool specially built in Sunderland, at a cost of £1.5M, or what it cost Edinburgh Council to bring Deloittes in to investigate the statutory notices, and they won’t use the Commonwealth Pool for anything but diving because it’s not to standard.
What also is something, is that I found my Turd of the Week™ and it’s only Tuesday. Way to go America!
● keep it neat and tidy but full of interesting statement pieces
Recent research indicates that children with sickle cell anemia are at high risk for elevated homocysteine levels and pyridoxine deficiency.
Kbrubaker Cassette / Neonknight Tape Transfer (March 2012)
Politically, the period from 1918 to 1930 was one in which Tammany Hall was at the height of its power. In 1903 Charles Francis Murphy replaced Richard Croker as the leader of Tammany Hall. After a rocky start, Murphy, who is now considered the shrewdest of the Tammany leaders, was responsible for the election of such candidates, as Al Smith as governor, Robert Wagner as Senator and Jimmy Walker as Mayor. As the Tammany Hall district leader in Hell’s Kitchen Thomas J.McManus undoubtedly benefited politically from this success. as the Irish of Hell’s Kitchen benefitted significantly from the robust economy, significant wage increases as a result of unionization and the illicit liquor trade and their position as the predominant political group in the City’s politics. In fact, the silk shirt became the symbol of material success and many of the old Irish families from the neighborhood would began to move to “better” areas such as the Bronx, Queens or eve New Jersey or Long Island suburbs, in the same way that Jewish families would move from the Lower East Side. In 1925, when Thomas (the) McManus died after 32 years as the district leader. his funeral procession through the streets of Hell’s Kitchen, which was worthy of a deceased dignitary, was led by governor Al Smith and had more than 50 carriages.
Completely incomplete
I hold on day after day.
For as long as I can remember, I’ve celebrated Easter. As I child, my mother would dress my sister and I up in matching dresses, usually with a matching hat or bow. We would wear our special white gloves and fancy shoes. Even as a child, I knew this day was special. But for me, it was all about the egg hunt.
I want to choose to love.
willing to believe
Afterwards, when all of this is over, the Republic of South Africa would need to be rebuilt from scratch with the few people left to do it. Until then the rest of us, those who understand the threat and do not live in a world of political ideological dreams, would need to put our heads together and find ways to survive. This is the country for which our forefathers died and worked so hard to build into the strongest most advanced country in Africa. Those of us that are proud of their achievements owe it to them to survive and rebuild it to its former, pre-1994 glory.
Schumer: what the holy fuck does that mean
As this blog master sits in her brightly lit bedroom, she stares out the window at the Brooklyn neighborhood-turned-arctic-circle and hopes all the HDC lovers out there are as warm and happy as she is.
* Natural.
It didn’t work. The police line this year had been pushed back two blocks, leaving the VIP street parking from last year open to the public. We had to wait for someone to leave, just to get a spot in a parking garage.
However, at this time we do not have a concern that the current funding level puts our pensions in jeopardy.
I found it very strange that I wanted to be up on one knee and in a deep squat with the other leg- because I distinctly
we've been pretty busy and I'm exhausted. for the last 2 weeks I've been in my pajamas or sweatpants every chance I get.
I was the only one in my family following the Lord at the time and after her death I quit going to church. I tried going back but I didn't feel anything, so I quit going all together. I started getting into drugs and alcohol for the first time. I just couldn't take the pain of my sister dying. Neither could the rest of my family. I know now, that her death was all part of God's plan. He knew I would find my way back to him. Two years ago my brother Wendell gave us the gospel through the Baptist Church. I was in such disbelief about being saved no matter what sin you do, because all the time before I thought you had to get saved over and over again after your sin. But it opened my eyes to be a set free christian. Since I had gotten saved in middle school I always had a fear of losing my salvation. But since I renewed my salvation knowing that I would be saved until the rapture, my fear is gone! I know where I'm going and you can too! Since her death, most of my family has accepted Jesus as their Lord and Savior! My older brother Wendell preaches every once in a while, and never in a million years would I have thought that God would change his heart! I've never thought God would change me into who I am today too! I praise God for everything in my life! He has a plan for everything, even if you don't understand it at the time. God loves to be praised, so my Hallelujah Designs is a way of giving thanks to him for the great gift he's given me!
This process is brutal. But, I just have to remember that it's not my plan, not my process, and not my timetable. I'm a participant in something that is going to be amazing. I just need to hang in there.
I have found that the Sailor loves it when I wear makeup. Not tons and tons. I’m talking lipstick, eyeliner, and possibly mascara. I have to admit, he’s right. A quick look in the mirror tells me I look just a little bit more polished when I do. It gives my face a little bit of extra punch. I know I like myself in photos better when I go all out and wear foundation and blush, but there’s nothing that says I have to do that every day.
Total Weight Gain: Gained 7lbs!
Now turn your “Orange Layer” back on. Using the ruler tool find the center of the orange (Make sure you are on the Orange Layer) and take your Rectangle Marquee Tool and basically cut the orange in half and place each half on separate layers.
The kids go with me to my appointments often because of hubby's work schedule. I love how family friendly the office is. Maddy started getting adjusted in hopes to solve her constipation issues. We did a dairy elimination diet at the same time. At the time we thought the diet change was what worked. Since then, we've had dairy slip ups and began noticing that those slip ups didn't make a difference. She now gets small amounts of dairy without a problem. I believe chiropractic care is what helped. She went weekly for awhile and is now going monthly. Emily had her first adjustment at 5 days old. She's also going monthly now. Sean went for his first adjustment last week. He has a little bit going on so he will go back in a week.
Sánchez DJ, Domingo JL, et al. Maternal and developmental toxicity of manganese in the mouse. Tox Lett 1993; 69: 45-52.
If you happen to be in San Francisco this week stop by this art fair at Fort Mason. I'm showing with Gilman Contemporary, my gallery in Ketchum, (Sun Valley) Idaho. The show runs May 19-22, 2011.
I LOVE hearing from you!
* Orange 3D Sparkly Brads
A completely ridiculous movie whose end could have been predicted in the first 2 minutes. Also, it’s one of those maddening movies where if the main character had simply just told the truth in the first 5 minutes of the misunderstanding, everything would have been fine. Instead they go through INSANE lengths to keep a lie going for absolutely no reason.
This card was made very quickly last night as DS hadn't bought his auntie a card nothing unusual there but I thought her birthday should be remembered by him.... 27 and mum still has to come to the rescue bless!!!
DLF Place Saket is celebrating April 2012 as the ‘Denim Cult’ month. The kickoff to this month long celebration of the mall, was a fashion show in association with GRAZIA. The fashion show was exclusively styled by GRAZIA with apparels and accessories from the participating brands of DLF mall :: Clarks, ONLY, Levis, Uni Style Image, Jack & Jones, Indian Terrain, GAS, UCB, Blacksoul & Elle showcased their latest and hippest denim collections of the season.
And then the moment passed. And, of course, by the next day, those I encountered were the same irritating, rude people they always are (and so was I). I did not see the presence of God in the people I encountered, and now halfway through Lent, I catch myself even forgetting to look.
The first show that popped into my head though was the last Deathstar
I am the conjurer of hope’s vision
And one can only applause, I suppose, the humanity the Westpac board is displaying by giving jobs to those unwashed heathens on the subcontinent. It’s heartening to know that even though the Empire is dead, we can still use good cheap labour from the old Raj to do the jobs that Australians don’t want to do, and apparently the ones we do want to do as well. Of course Westpac probably had the interests of the worker’s at heart here. Giving them decent wages might anger their fellow citizens, provoking violent riots. Alternatively the extra cash might fatally destabilise their robust economy, provoking a global monetary apocalypse, in which Godzilla will return, breed with Mothman and overrun the world with dragons.
The toddler was demanding daddy's attention, I love the contrast, the tiny hand, the strong hands, the interlaced fingers. The 'link'...
Card 1
MAC Kissable Lipcolour in EnChantee
If you open up the Database Window and click on the “Classes” tab, you will see that it looks very similar to how the “Actors” tab was set up. On the left you have an index of Classes assigned to numbers just as the actors were, and on the right you have all the information that helps you to customize the class.
You get so involved with this book, before you know it, you're half way through the book. Though it doesn't seem like a huge amount has happened. That's not to say the book is slow at all, or filled with unnecessary drivel. Everything in this book is essential, it all leads up to the main events, which occur towards the end of the book. I did at times wonder, especially once past the halfway mark, what could possibly happen next to get to the big events, as there just didn't seem to be much left of the book, but no real clues in the story. But Despain is clever in how she sets things in motion, and it's just brilliant!
1. "Wow, you must have your hands full!" - okay seriously? Duh! Of course I do, but that was the 2 seconds when I forgot and was enjoying life.
Fox News host was put on ‘no fly list’
Just like they’d be wrong if they thought HSUS takes care of local stray dog and cats.
Where I found it: in a shiatsu practitioner's treatment room.
exhales
“Oh, I believe you, Obadiah Preston,” the voice inside Obadiah’s head said, “why don’t you believe me?”
2 sick
The master bedroom may be my absolute favorite space in Tracy's home. The bed covered in a toile upholstery, the cool credenza turned bedside table, and the ceramic blue lamp are all statement pieces that work together beautifully.
and so the "kind-hearted blogger" campaign was born.
The concept of sharing and toddler behavior is not thoroughly understood (Brownell, Svetlova, & Nichols, 2009). Some parents may be aware of the Toddler’s Creed Poem written by Dr. Burton White:
USA Network is also the home of the lastest Cinemafioso Anthony Shalhoub. He plays Adrian Monk on “Monk” and also plays the role of French President Nicholas Sarkozy.
I remember when my dad turned 26, (I was 5!), my mom gave him a cassette featuring the Argentine band Virus, and the brand new Soda Stereo, a trio formed by Gustavo, Zeta and Charly. I don't know where that tape is, but its music is embedded in my mind. It weaved its notes around my life. Soda's music is the soundtrack not only of my youth, but of my whole life.
In the past, I've painted the samples onto pieces of bristol board instead, but I've seen a lot of people use this approach lately and I decided to try it. I think I would advise against it because it makes it hard to isolate any particular color, and your perception of the color is heavily influenced by the color of the surrounding samples.
Below is a snapshot of a comparative analysis between Canada and Ghana.
the rock and roll difference thats
I know this post is a bit overdue, but here it is nonetheless. I am still mourning the loss of one photo I wish I had taken, but did not. You see, every single day, my husband and I would walk through this one park around the corner from where we were staying and there would be all these old men playing chess, many of them wearing their Шапки (the classic fur hats) and drinking vodka. The only day we did not see them out there was on our last day, when I said I would finally carry my long heavy lens and get a picture. But when we walked by, there were no old men out playing chess……
M.E.R. series, #1
The legislation would provide a safeguard for those who would be too afraid to tell an employer no, he said. "They feel they would be fired or they wouldn't really get a fair shot at employment," he said.
He also says that my academic performance is at risk because of this. I know it somehow affects my acads but it makes me a more holistic individual because I CAN balance studies and extra-curricular activities. I really do.
What is Star Homework?
You know you’ve been in this class. We’ve all struggled to stay awake as the professor drooned on and on, our eyes taped open in a futile attempt to remain conscious. Sadly, once I started teaching I realized it’s not just the student’s who struggle through boring classes.
I've got lots of photos from our trip to Phuket and Bangkok - it was fantastic. Not much time for any photo correction so you'll get the basics but at least they'll be online. We arrived in Bangkok right before the Thai New Year, aka Songkran, aka the Water Festival. It's basically just how it sounds - lots of water and lots of celebrating! Two friends from Kabul met us in BKK the first night and we had a great dinner to celebrate my birthday. One of our friends was PCS'ing back to the US but we managed to convince her to stay just one last day to celebrate the New Year. She was glad for it and so were we.
So I promised to talk about cake this week and of course I’m thrilled to because as all of you know by now, I love cake! Seriously though, my best advice regarding cake is to have fun with it. In the past, the wedding cake was the standout piece of a reception but It’s really not like that anymore. I mean heck, some people are skipping the cake altogether.
No letting the kids run amok through the neighborhood, monitoring themselves.
The grass starts to glow green and bright around
Just in case you were interested…
Depending on the wind
Same-sex relationships have previously been shunned upon in Hollywood, although in recent years that appears to have changed, particularly for women.
MS punches
Arms and legs, lengthened out of proportion, wait,
Anna Rugis / Four Poems / 96-97
No one wants to admit that they need 1993 Donruss.
And, of course, I'll keep rooting for Fabio to win Top Chef!
If farmers are caught with too much pus in their milk then it used to get confiscated and turned into milk powder and fed back to the cows ("Doh!") but they are not supposed to do that anymore. Trouble is Government inspectors are very busy and we wonder how often pus laden milk slips through the net. Judging by the statistic that 40% of UK herds have over 15% pus producing cows there doesn't seem to be that much incentive for the poor dairy farmers to bother about it.
You’ll have to forgive me, Austria are a bit of a blind-spot for me, mainly because they’ve only recently come back to the contest after a 4-year hiatus. Last year they had a rather lovely ballad by Nadine Beiler which really grew on me. Perhaps it wasn’t everyone’s cup of tea, I heard some Germans referring to it as “Whitney Houston-schiesse”, which I can understand despite my limited German…
As we've discussed so many times before, the only time to feel concerned that a woman's being depicted as a wife and mother is when that's all a woman's ever allowed to be. An idiot from either the ergh-girls or the domesticity=patriarchy tendencies might choose to sneer at Elastigirl's role as contented, committed housewife. But then, both choruses are populated by little more than blind-minds in the first place. Inhabiting a culture which constantly bombards us with reactionary and yet often hyper-sexualised representations of women, it's regrettably easy to assume that female characters informed by traditional roles implicitly embody regressive thinking. As such, the misogynist simply assumes that their own occluded world-view is being reflected and complacently stop asking questions, while those associating XY chromosomes with Bloke-Babylon jump to the presumption that misogyny is inevitably being perpetuated. Yet Helen Parr is quite clearly the star and neither the doormat nor the victim of The Incredibles. A jaw-breaker with her elongated fists, a skilled pilot and a super-acrobat, she's an unmistakably adult woman who can spat and scrap with the best of them. She's clearly chosen her own path in life within the constraints of the Superhero Protection Programme, just as she was every bit the equal - if not the superior - of the costumed super-guys she associated with before anonymity and inaction was imposed upon her kind by the state. Just because she's not her family's breadwinner doesn't mean that she's anything other than the most authoritative of its members. It's Elastigirl, after all, who comes to the rescue of her husband when he's managed to get himself imprisoned, it's Elastigirl who saves her children when their plane is blown out of the sky, and its Elastigirl who takes charge and prevents the none-too-bright Mr Incredible from indulging in potentially-fatal macho-grandstanding at the tale's climax. Though she's as capable as any of us are of being swallowed up by anxiety and indecision when her marriage appears to be crumbling, there's ultimately nothing that's depressingly passive and dependent about Elastigirl.
“Have you heard of this tribe?” he asked, pointing me to a page in his book.
Hazel’s looks are well-appreciated by the wealthy, and chubby, Geoffrey Stanhope (Willard Louis). Stanhope’s wingman is George, who happens to know (in the biblical sense) Hazel’s running buddy, Daisy. Despite Hazel’s protest (“I hate men!”), she agrees to double-date with Daisy, though that doesn’t last long, as George and Daisy happily ditch the new pair and start making out in the back seat of a different car.
Fear of entrapment and losing ones freedom.
I was most upset to read in the Edinburgh Evening News today about the Red River Hog piglets at Edinburgh Zoo which were culled as they were "surplus to requirements". The Zoo's spokesperson described them as having been "euthanised" which of course means that they could not legally enter the human food chain.
I thought it only fair, after the post I wrote about my my Valentine's Day flowers, Butt-head for Valentine's Day, that I tell you how on-the-spot Kirby was for Mother's Day. First time out, he got me a colorful bouquet and received a kiss for being so thoughtful and remembering what I liked. Life just keeps getting better and better!
I'm sure Nicole will be having a few cocktails while on vacation. #knowwhatimsayin
“Jack’s First Major” will be the first USGA film shown on network television, broadcast by NBC Sports on June 17 before its final-round coverage of the U.S. Open.
2. Hallway of Remembrance. The walls of this hallway are full with self-aggrandizing paintings of Laleth. One of these paintings shows him playing some actual notes. These notes must be played to open the door to his inner chambers (and the magically sealed door to area 7). It's a relatively easy melody to play. However Laleth often forgot the tune because his mind was so busy composing his next masterpiece. If they PC's try to open the magical locked door without playing the tune, they are instantly attacked by three Songhaunts that emerge from the wall.
Pittsburgh Police contacted the FBI, who contacted the FBI in Miami who alerted the South Florida Violent Crimes Task Force.
subject and the object .. dreamt and the dreamer .. program and the machine
A bed roll lay under the shade of a scraggly old oak tree across from another one about ten feet away in the middle of the clearing, it’s makeshift pillow positioned so as to face the oak tree. But it was the goat that drew all of Marley’s attention. Tied to a spruce to the right of the oak, it just stood there staring at him while quietly chewing its cud.
Marking the 100th anniversary of the disaster, the two most famous films about the Titanic sinking have received the restoration and re-release treatment, albeit one of them on a much grander scale. The 1958 British production A Night to Remember, from director Roy Ward Baker, has been given a new digital restoration, receiving blu-ray treatment in North America courtesy of The Criterion Collection and a limited theatrical run in select cities in the United Kingdom. James Cameron’s Titanic, meanwhile, has been converted into 3D for a worldwide re-release. This revival of the world’s previous highest grossing film allows for re-evaluation on the part of its critics, re-familiarisation for its fans, and a chance for those who missed it on the big screen the first time round, like this writer, to see it through the means in which it most thrives, with or without 3D immersion.
200g chestnut mushrooms, halved and sliced
6.Kanye West (produced By Mark Xlnc)
Or the time I was consciously passed out in a park tripping off my face replying to the conversations in my head. Out loud. – everyone loves that story, I feel a little shame when I recall just how covered in grass I was by the time I got home.
Bake for 30 minutes. Do not over do it.
A long time ago, I wrote a post about life lists (note purposeful lack of back link). More recently, I decided a mother of four kids in three different schools (involved in cross country, track, show choir, chorus, builder's club, soccer, cub scouts and social lives greater than the sum of their parents) should not have a life list. It's just too depressing.
Social support is critical. Internship is exhausting, hard, and emotionally draining. I get through it because I have three other girls going through the same thing with me. We were friends for about a week, and then we literally became living life rafts for each other. When one is stressed, the others help her pick it up. When two want to give up, the other two remind them, "You can do it!"And when all four of us are stressed...well, we open a bottle of wine.
Anon: Do try!
Featuring An individual Care
If you want to share your ideas before the event particularly if you have roles for mums, please email kateonthinice@gmail.com
On the large rug is a Biedermeier chair.
and then gone on to determine the undertone that you would prefer,
Open the refrigerator and take a mineral water. He drank it and prepare for go to his office.
Number 2 Tracey Macdonald
The ability to pass through a crowd of punters without spillage is one sign of a Master and the most precious of skills (more so when its £4 a pint). It's what we call Walk Like a Panther. Perhaps a Panther whose had a few, but a Panther all the same.
If you’ve never played a Bit.Trip game before, you don’t know what you’re missing.
To me, (as well as to Pekka Viljakainen, from reading his book) this is one of the hallmarks of true leadership: a true leader should always be able to express the “why“, or the purpose of the organization or project, anytime, without having to think. If he/she can’t do so, then something is very fuzzy, either the project itself, or the “leadership” in question.
He’s the entire vineyard
After the bonfire, I put the kids to bed and Alex went out to the terrace directly below our room. He was joined by several dads. I heard them attempting to tell jokes in English. I didn't want to crash the Dad party, but when Bad Dad told a joke that involved the phrase "Watch out you, I have giant tank on my penis," I couldn't take it anymore and went down to join them.
Anyway, I'm happy to announce that "Sine" has been accepted to the European Film Festival which tours Europe from October 14 - November 17, 2011!
4. Cardigan (Tesco)
also Sherry Austin
KHARTOUM, April 23 (Xinhua) — Three days after the Sudanese army took it over, the Heglig area on the border between Sudan and South Sudan still appears like a battle field as all indicators there reflect the size of the battles which took place between the two countries’ armies in the area.
What makes you think you are going to be a Christian tomorrow? Only by his keeping power and authority.
Phill Collins Against all odds UK
thunder!
trying to memorize its look and feel so I can capture it in writing
There is many a fat farmer that drinks less cheerfully,
There were more people milling around the market aisles today than there have been in a long time. Sales reflected more shoppers as my sales today were good for a change. An old friend that lost her father the first of March came by and we chatted for awhile, she lives in Fla., her dad lived here. Several mutual friends came by to pick up cakes and the visits were nice. Also had a nice visit with my cook book writing friend who used to run one of the restaurants that buy my cakes. She is looking to get a space in the Curb Market.
C-sections, a 'natural birth movement' is bound to spring up.
Scientists have discovered that bacteria on the surface of the skin play an important role in combating inflammation when we get hurt.
We are so lucky to be here.
'No thanks' said Chef 'we'll just go straight to our room..'
So, because I’m an awesome and supportive wife, let’s have a look at some of the things that scare my husband.
Abe Burrows, Jack Weinstock, and Willie Gilbert (book, based on the book by Shepherd Mead), Frank Loesser (music and lyrics) How to Succeed in Business without Really Trying / New York, Al Hirschfeld Theater, 2011 / the performance I attended was a matinee on May 7, 2011
I called him, but he wouldn't come. I walked after him, but couldn't find him. I got in the car and drove, with windows down, calling his name. Nothing. After I took the littles to school in the afternoon, I decided to look once again on foot. I found him on our neighbor's acreage, but when I called him, he couldn't seem to come to me in a straight line. He wobbled and fell, weaved and spun. I ran our puppy back up to our house and while texting Lyle, got the car and went back to Charlie. He was in the woods and didn't seem to be able to stand. He's a heavy dog and thankfully Lyle had just started his lunch break, so he drove home, loaded Charlie into the car and we went to the vet.
The song on my mind: Koi Fariyad ~ Tum Bin
So a bunch of us refused to go back to Scouts. We just quit. Fuck 'em. About a week after I had successfully extracted myself from the Boy Scouts, I made it a clean sweep and insisted that I be allowed to quit piano lessons, as well. Shortly after that, I made "quitting" one of my favorite things, and refused to be drug back into a Catholic Church as an altar boy. Fuck it all...
Now is your chance to own one of Bill’s Sacred Heart works. Austin television station KEYE is giving away a limited edition giclee print that sells for $1200. Go to www.weareaustin.com from March 19 to March 23 at noon. KEYE will announce the winner on the 4 pm news during the live broadcast at Art @ the Domain. Don’t miss this opportunity to own one of these incredible works.
100%!
12. Plenty of mustachioed, Jess Franco-lookalike villains.
Apologize. Call him exactly on time the next time. Tell him you were very busy and that you are sorry for your insensitivity. Remind him that adults are better off when they offer each other the freedom to be late, the opportunity to be wrong, and even the room to sometimes be insensitive.
Talking of the great rain,
Today even though most of it was slow at work wasn’t so bad. Got things done and was home handy, Paul had the fire lit and the animals looked after so I didn’t have to do anything. Even better.
What are you working on now?
The judgments of the Bombay and Delhi High Court (available over here & here) however reveal that appeals against the orders of the IPAB are being heard by single judges and not Division Benches. The Madras High Court however reviews IPAB decisions only through a Division Bench. Therefore not only are both courts in violation of the Supreme Court guidelines but they are also adding another layer of appeals to the system because a Division Bench can admit appeals against the orders of a Single Judge. It is clearly not the most efficient system.
lost to a GOP challenger and that was Jimmy Carter
At first, I was mesmerized by the moon and the purple light of the sky, but then I heard teenagers in a garage, laughing and singing along to music, and I was suddenly so happy for humanity. I don’t know how, I just get so happy for humans so easily—when the kids on my street go ride their bikes or play catch outside (you know, when you truly truly think about it, catch is so much fun), I just get so happy to see them having fun on their own, outside. Anyway, they were playing music, doing such a teenage-movie thing, I stealthily had to take pictures of them.
And that’s exactly the point of my ranting – I had all the desire, intelligence, and willingness to work, as those other West Virginia boys – yet I was completely without guidance and support at a time when I could have, as they say, ‘gone on to greater things.’
Pork
Carl F.H. Henry, a student of Clark’s and a domineering figure in American evangelicalism, remained critical of Barth’s ontology of scripture and the Word of God, while at the same time defending Barth against the more polemical attacks by other conservative evangelicals. Henry accepted Van Til’s reading of Kant and Barth’s appropriation of him, yet Henry was able to interpret Barth with greater nuance than Van Til. Henry saw Barth as an unfaithful Kantian, yet Barth instinctually rooted himself in the Reformed tradition, affirming that revelation gave humans objective, cognitive knowledge of God.
The upcoming United Nations Conference on Sustainable Development is about creating the
Tradition in my family on New Years Eve has always been champagne with a splash of peach schnapps and a slice of peach for garnish. When I was little, my parents always had this on New Years Eve and they would make me the kiddy version with sparkling grape juice and the syrup from the can of peaches.
Dr. Bradley has secured over $5.0 million in research funding from NSF grants (15 yrs.), AFOSR (10 years), NASA grants (10 years), and DOE (3 years). He has also received research grants or contracts from many Fortune 500 companies, including Alcoa, Dow Chemical, DuPont, 3M, Shell, Exxon, Boeing, and Phillips.
4. Cut your flowers down. You want to cut as much of the stem off as possible so that you can more easily glue them down to the wreath. Place your flowers however you want, hot glue them down then ta-da! You’re really done! I decided to stick some shamrocks in the center of my white flowers to make it slightly more St. Patrick’s Day-sy. I (obviously) used 2 different colors of yarn, but I’ve seen wreaths with only 1 and with 3, so it’s pretty much just personal preference.
On this one, though, we wish the makers of the sign hadn't flattened the adverb. "Drive nicely" is admittedly stodgy, but "drive nice" doesn't, to us, convey any extra meaning.
This was the case in 2004 and 2008. The Bersih 3.0 rally will shape whether this will be the case in 2012 (or 2013).
Parker has said she welcomes county participation in her plan, but that seems unlikely.
This year, hiking alone as always, I easily reached the meadow at the top of the trail and was walking towards the bench to have a short rest when I noticed an older man seated on the bench. Nearby, two of the biggest dogs I have ever seen were frantically running back and forth through the woods. These dogs were the sizes of small horses and made loud grunting noises as they dashed in and out of the trees. Every once and a while, they would each run to the seated man and he would pat their heads and send them back off into the forest.
I am utterly enamoured by the crackle and energy these dresses give off. There is something futuristically modern and yet fundamentally obvious about the designs, as if they have been brought to life, Penny Crayon style, by the power of a felt-tip marker. Forget amulets, capes and thigh-high boots. I’ve just found the perfect uniform for a modern day super-woman…
So, apparently the word ‘cock’ (in the context of the non-sexual-origined phrase Talking Cock) is unacceptable but the word ‘vagina’ (which has a solely genital meaning) is completely acceptable.
Wondering what this might look like in real life? Well, if you actually think about this for a couple of seconds, I’m sure you can come up with dozens of examples. Here’s something that happened just recently in Utah which you probably saw on the news or YouTube:
I see the day when darkness recedes
Add googly eyes to all the creatures because its not a fun project unless you have googlies. Then you are done! Phew! That is the most descriptive entry I think I have ever made.
Jamie Ness
Apparently Ive been asked to let my fans know that if they have been wondering what the future holds for me ....
Guajillo Chilli is a species of Capsicum annuum - of medium heat, its Scoville score is in the range of 2500 to 8000 - for comparison, Habanero is over 100,000.
For example we went to birmingham yesterday to visit family and stopped off in a store that had a mish mash of things, and lo and behold they had some makeup by Pink cookie/Love forever. So i picked up two little gift sets one with perfume and a lipgloss and the other was a nail polish set.
One of the biggest problems with talking about inequality, is that it creates a false way of looking at society. It encourages us to look at those at either end of the economic spectrum in a particular way, and suggests a link that is just not there.
In our home, my sweetheart is in charge of our Netflix queue. We're both a bit particular in our movie tastes (he more than I), and so I leave it to him to gamble on what will be worth our while. It is hard to find a good movie, right? BUT every now and then he unearths something really wonderful.
Steampunk is so hot right now, isn't it? Isn't it?
For those who might tackle such a project as this, I would say that it is well worth your time and effort. I have usually spent between half an hour to an hour a day on my daily messages. On the few days where I just didn’t have the time, I would copy an old message and send it out. Better to keep the habit than to skip. Like scripture reading, once you start skipping, you lose the habit pretty quickly. One time I didn’t send one out and my son-in-law sent me an email at 11:30pm and said, “You only have a half hour left to get off your message”. I quickly went to my laptop and fired one off! I learned that they looked for it. Perhaps to begin with once a week is better. Particularly if you have a busy life and you know you cannot write every weekday. I write from my office but I am also my own boss so that means my time is “my” time. Consistency is very important. I always let my children know when I am going on vacation and that I won’t be writing. I treat them as if they are “subscriber”, or “readers”, who need to be informed. That may sound funny, but I try to be “professional” about doing this.
One of the secrets why this dish works so well, is that you can hardly go wrong with any combination of vegetables that you can get hold off. Try it with kale, iceberg lettuce, parsnips, onions, turnips etc. Vary the cheese and supplement with bacon! It works well as an accompaniment to sausages or escalopes in breadcrumbs.
60g quinoa flakes
But, why would Hassan, a man granted a concession by Musa Aman, think there was a kickback involved in gaining the concession and that Chia was the agent for Musa/Sabah UMNO? Why was Yayasan’s Mohd Tampkong following Chia’s instructio? And why did Hassan not just report the extortion to the Head of the Board of Yayasan Trustees, Aman himself?
From the beginning it is an action packed technological marvel that maintains its pace throughout the movie.
A blind date not worth being discussed…
The energies that are presenting themselves to us in 2012, which we are all working with this year, are a more refined energy of sensitivity for our personal and collective understanding. Radical changes are expected on all levels not only for each individual and for our collective societies but also for mother earth, she to is transforming and responding to this awesome time in her history. ‘The planets, they are a moving and we are moving with them!’ We will experience more extremes within our elements, water, fire, air and earth. She will be expressing her truth on many levels.
Below is a slide show from events this year which I attended; this includes the tea, fashion show, reenactment, baseball and tours of the Post. I will use these in the future when I design the newsletter and promotional materials for the Library & Music Hall.
MANNY: Damn.
While you may find a makeup workshop or makeup courses in most major cities, the place to go to really learn makeup is Hollywood. The greatest makeup artists reside and teach in or around the Los Angeles area. When evaluating various makeup classes, here’s what to look for:
The tranquil night
Welcome to my wee photoblog on Glasgow, where we feature the joys and unjoys of walking and cycling through a fascinating, beautiful and often badly run city. For the blog's origin see the 'Introduction' post -
I am working on my husband's family - heritage type album, so don't expect a lot of out of me over the next couple of weeks. We also have a graduation and a birthday and a vacation. I may pop in with a random story or two but you punch art fans better look elsewhere because the Fairy is still MIA.
Hey, it's a dang good plan! She has a couple carriers on hand at her house, as I do at mine. (SEE honey... totally legit reason to have more than one carrier right there!)
The Brave One - Yay, Jodie Foster! If there's anything I really like about the Oscar-bait season, it's that actors like Foster and Del Toro resurface. Neil Jordan is a favorite of mine, and this looks like it will be extremely uncomfortable to watch, but at the same time potentially unpredictable.
I’ve been thinking about this all day. How can I describe the manner in which the U5, or even U3 for that matter, products emulate the same feeling that a genuine male penis would? It’s in part because of its density, but largely its heat conductivity.
tried telling them i felt fine
I think there are three possible conclusions that may come from it. I think there may have been a massive piece of money laundering committed by a major government which ought to know better and that it has effectively undermined the integrity of the British bank the Royal Bank of Scotland, in doing so. The second alternative is that a major American department has an agency that has gone rogue on it because it has been wound up and has created a structure out of which they are seeking to get at least 50 billion Euros as a payoff. And the third possibility is that this is an extraordinarily elaborate fraud which has not been carried out but which has been prepared in order to provide a threat to one government or more if they don’t pay them off. So there are three possibilities and this all needs a very urgent review.
Increasingly,it became obvious that the lone starter fellow was in fact self appointed spokesperson for the table.
I'm not trying to step on any toes here, it's just how I feel. We are all free to celebrate and hold our own beliefs.
I did NOT tell her she could use my credit card. She just told me that she didn't have a credit card. So who the fuck's credit card was she planning to use??? Is there some credit card fairy I don't fucking know about? Because if so, why doesn't she show up when I want to buy shoes? I just stand there, thinking, this is going to be interesting if she actually doesn't have enough cash, because I'm just going to look at her like, "WTF are you taking 'bout Willis? I ain't paying for your fucking shoes." As the cashier rings up her shoes and her coupon, Patty is fiddling with her wallet, pulls out her money and tries to tuck a $20 bill back in without me seeing it. I just stand there, silently, and the girl gives her the total, which was $90-ish dollars. She had $80 in her hand, gives it to the girl, and before she can even say anything, I say "You missed a $20, see, right there, Patty". I point to her wallet and she says nothing, just pulls out the last $20. She had just enough to pay for her shoes, with a little money left over. Lucky, huh?
I would tell myself to do a few things and not to do a few things. Since I’m a “glass half full” gal let’s start with the do’s.
I say that the law should be rewritten, so that I insure me and mine, and if you don't want insurance, then don't get any. Your loss.
While the UIDAI’s primary mandate was to provide Aadhaar numbers to the entire population, it had sought to corner a larger share of the biometric collection pie. The Home Ministry which wanted it done by the more thorough methods adopted by the Registrar General of India, who had been authorised to prepare a National Population Register (NPR), had to settle for an equal share of 600 million residents. NPR is expected to cost another Rs 6,634 crore but excludes the cost of a smart card that is to be issued to every resident of India with an Aadhaar number.
Oh, that was difficult. The best thing that came out of that was sort of a friendship with Otto Preminger. At first I thought, “He’s impossible.” His film just before that – Hurry Sundown – had been a critical disaster. Jane Fonda was in that, and when we were beginning to shoot Skidoo, I read an interview where she said that she thought Hurry Sundown had been her best work in film so far, and I thought, “She’s clearly an intelligent woman. How could she think that anything she would do under this director would be her best work?” Then I began to find out – once we got down into the scenes – that he was a real director of actors. A few years ago in New York at the Film Forum, they had a Preminger retrospective, and I went to see virtually all of them – like Anatomy of a Murder and a bunch of little noir films that I didn’t even know he’d done in the late ‘40s. And people in those movies are good – including people who aren’t always that good. He had his way of going about that – he was ruthless. During the first week or so on the set, I was calling my agent, Deborah Coleman, and I’d say, “Deborah.” “What, darling, what’s the matter?” “You got to get me out of this movie.” And she’d say, “It doesn’t work that way. You can’t just say, ‘I quit.’ You got a contract.” “But it’s going to destroy me.” “Well, dear, I’m sure it will be fine.” What could she say? She’s a very sweet woman. Then one day after I flubbed something up, he said – in front of the crew and everyone – “You’re an amateur,” and I said, “I know, I know.” He didn’t expect me to say that. And I meant it. By this point I thought, “I just don’t know what to do in front of a camera. I can’t do anything right.” He said, “No no”, and then he began to teach me about film acting. And to this day 80% of what I know about film acting, I learned from him.
At your Super Bowl Party, you may have some guests who aren’t fans of buffalo wings (why? who knows but they are out there). Why not tantalize their tastebuds with some Sweet and Spicy Baked Chicken Wings!
The Via Maris trade route probably goes back at least to the time of Abraham 4,000 years ago. Abraham and Isaac probably used it when they traveled back and forth to Egypt. The Midianite traders on their way to Egypt (who bought Joseph from his brothers) were probably on the Via Maris. The Via Maris runs near Dothan where Joseph found his brothers and was sold to the Midianites by them. (Genesis 37:15-28)
Add to this the fact that there were no longer twelve apostles, for in Acts 12:2, King Herod killed James, the brother of John with the sword, and no one was appointed to take his place.
What next? Well, if I know the political establishment in the UK, we will have to go crawling back to Europe, proffer abject apologies, roll over and play nice doggy (please let me stay) rather than stick two fingers up to them and go our own way. Huge concessions will have to be granted to the EU commission, not on City trading, that's still probably sacrosanct, but probably on fiscal oversight of governmental budgets and high street banking. I wouldn't be surprised if that old chestnut EU-wide taxation was thrown in for good measure.
If you haven't read The Spirit Level Delusion, I'd heartily recommend you do so.
Evidently the Beer Fates were watching over me when I complained about the dearth of beer coupons in the Total Wine flyers lately. What did I find in the very next Total Wine flyer? Well an honest-to-goodness $1 off coupon, good for any 4-pack or 6-pack of beer priced at $6.99 or more (excluding products whose prices end in “7”…whatever).
UNC's problems began last year when the school announced it was looking into academic misconduct and allegations that players got perks from professional sports agents.
Until I tried to sleep. 2 steroids at noon = HOURS of no sleep. OMG. However, I started sounding better. Took the pills at 7 a.m. on Wednesday – slept like a ROCK. *HOPE*
It shows that My Bloody Valentine were still finding their identity. They ditched the Cramps goth rock stylings and opted for a more C86 twee jangle-pop sound. There is plenty of boy-girl cooing at each other in many of the songs. Never Say Goodbye has the latter My Bloody Valentine feel, and is the standout song of the album.
– find that occasional indulgence heightens your pleasure – and strengthens your resolve
From there I suggested that we look at meekness in the context of community via a couple of passages from Paul’s letters using the word and surrounding it with a bunch of other behaviours.
Capturing various attached parents—and their reasons for attachment parenting—was Schoeller’s biggest goal for the sitting. “It was important to show that there’s no stereotypical look for a mom who practices this kind of parenting,” Schoeller says.
I ordered this on Asos.com and it was € 13.
3. Vincent Johnson, LAXART: Johnson basically took an old Los Angeles air raid siren from the cold war, restored it, and set it right in the middle of a gallery. Gleaming red and confrontational, this found object was endlessly interesting in its own right. Johnson told me that many such colossal engines of noise sat atop tall poles all around the city, sentinels of a troubled age. Johnson left the key in the ignition, a foreboding gesture for contemporary times.
One of the little white and black pups nuzzled Amy and the mother dog gave the tiny head a lick. Then she started panting and began straining.
The Diet Solution program encourages people to eat healthy foods instead of staying away from them. It suggests altering the way people eat by going organic or with the correct proportion of food groups. It does not just tell people to eat more of one food group than the other but rather reminds people that healthy eating is the best thing to do.
I LOVE the Psalm of Nephi. It’s one of my favorite passages in the Book of Mormon. It reminds me of how trustworthy and merciful God is, and how frail I am without Him. But I haven’t always felt this way. For a time, it was a baffling bit of scripture. I struggled to fit it into a worldview that left little room for mistakes.
It's a rather queer affair
~~Necromunda~~
Regarding the BC Heritage Act: “The Province of B.C. continues to state they ‘have no part in this discussion’ under the rationale that they are following the legal requirements of the Provincial Heritage Conservation Act. The purpose of this Act is “to encourage and facilitate the protection and conservation of heritage property in British Columbia” (section 2) and not, as the Province appears to believe, to oversee its destruction in incremental steps. The Act also provides for the Province to enter into an agreement with a First Nation with respect to the conservation and protection of the cultural heritage of the Aboriginal people who are represented by the First Nation. However, the Province has refused to consider such an agreement with Musqueam.
I took a kitchen cabinet that I got from the Habitat ReStore for $2;
I texted her later that maybe it was a good time to take a course since she could not move around much etc. I made some suggestions including the clay college art or music lessons. She said that she would look into it. I would help her with this as I want to encourage any efforts she makes to join the living. I told her the wall looked great and had reminded me of the artist that is still in her.
My fav drink of the moment - d last was hot chocolate with a varied variations which i never posted about but now its Vanilla laced black coffee.
1 roasted bell pepper
After having it narrowed down to 10 or less charities invite each one of them into your dealership and produce a 60-90 second video. This video should include the person whose charity is being promoted and the Dealer or General Manager of the store. Have fun in the video and keep it short and to the point!! The more fun the video is, the more “likes” it will receive!!
As seen in Part II of this series, some foods containing HFCS are also contaminated with mercury. Here’s the chart produced by the EPA:
“Restrictions on personal liberty, on the right of free expression of opinion, including freedom of the press; on the rights of assembly and association; and violations of the privacy of postal, telegraphic and telephonic communications; and warrants for house searchers, orders for confiscations as well as restrictions on property, are also permissible
Surely the forest wasn’t endless, and Naida hardly seemed worried about making it in time despite their casual pace. He let himself relax, and relish in the simple fact that they didn’t have to run. Naida wasn’t being a slave driver, and seemed inclined to stop if he needed to, that would have to be enough.
Dennis Loren has been creating the amazing posters for the band, and he's known Cyril since his Flamin' Groovies days. He's now working on a tour book for the band, when they're in Europe at the end of the year, and so yours truly is supplying the photos for the book. (Needless to say, I'm super excited about that. My first time in print!) After handing Dennis a disc of images, he gave me a personal tour of the show, and introduced me to all of the artists there.
Dry Dock Brewing Co. Dry Dock Old Ale
And I come by stem love honestly: my mom points out pretty gardens and regularly fills her home with beautiful buds…which I regularly neglect to notice, when I go visit (because I’m more excited to see parents).
I Tagged: Shalyn, Jenn, Lynzi, Maegan and Chrissy!!! So ladies its your turn!! I totally wanted to tag sooooo many more, but I was afraid I would get annoying, so I just did a few but I would love to see everyone's!! SO GO!!! LOL!!! I'm excited to see!
In an all-out brawl against the 30,000 miles of paths loosely defined as highway, this novice cyclist wanted to know, pound-for-pound, who would be the best corner man: the trailer or the pannier?
We were making fun and affordable Valentine crafts, and it was just a blast. Especially the outtakes at the end :).
…it’s bloody obvious that I’m not going to get any back-up from my friends, who know me too well bless them. Trouble is, thinking back, it’s not the first time that this kinda observation has been made about me, so I suppose there’s more than an element of truth in the comment after all.
For those of you who will be on Mau`i doing a scouting trip during the weekend of March 22 and 23, you should stop by the Maui Bridal Fair. Here are the details:
Now onto the card:
Dietary sheets along with banana will Replica Louis Vuitton Bags UK be primary move states of Belgium along with Ecuador Ecuador did not begin out of Belgium producing one-fourth. Moving banana to help each region with Asia, The eu along with the usa. Additionally, true Belgium exports, including gear, plug-ins, along with shopping bags made from banana. Is usually well suited for weekend break visits. Inside the lifestyle of Louis Vuitton organic and natural canvas cellular lining interior. The actual carrier is usually one among this favorite features usually are really tasteful appearance, painting of titanium computer hardware.
Classes start today.
Santa sat himself down, now completely at ease.
A few things I don't like? I don't like feeling jittery or shaky or frustrated over my son's schooling. I don't like doubt and fear and uncertainty plaguing me all freaking day. I don't like how long it takes for 5:30 to roll around so my husband can be home and I can hug his guts out.
Ready for your design ideas
We were just about as unprepared as two people can be for a trip to the Grand Canyon (okay, maybe with the exception of these two). All we had were flip flops and shorts and more college t-shirts than anyone should be allowed to own. The canyon would be a spur-of-the-moment trip within a spur-of-the-moment trip. But a quick stop for new shoes and outerwear at a mall in Flagstaff and we were in business.
We have decided that at the moment we are going to trust that there are more good people than bad out there and just send things by second class post, obtaining a proof of postage certificate so it keeps postage costs down for buyers and makes items more appealing to purchase as they are such low value items. We may have to reassess that at a later date but we will have to see as time goes on.
“The heart of our work is creating engaging experiences for all participants that change mindsets and impact lives,” says Abadesco.
I know that this is being posted as Valentine's Day is coming up, but that's just a coincidence. I felt like I should send this message out to all who have yet to meet their future spouse.
Tonight, we had a large box in our foyer. The kids wanted to play hide and seek ... all three stated that they wanted to hide in the shower upstairs and wanted Mommy to come find them. On their way upstairs, they noticed the box and decided to hide in it.
The sources pointed out that the Saudis also questioned the rector’s moves to sign memorandums of understanding (MoUs) with Iranian universities. They also complained to President Asif Ali Zardari saying that the university was not being run according to the objectives for which it was established during Ziaul Haq’s regime, and that “enlightened moderation” was being promoted instead." (thanks Junaid)
“Osceola and Renegade are revered and honored symbols of Florida State athletics, as has been recognized by their recent selection as the best tradition in all of college football,” said FSU Assistant Athletic Director of Marketing and Promotions Jason Dennard. “We treat our symbol with great honor and respect, and they appear only at football games, Homecoming and Fan Day. Cimarron has been revived to give a promotional presence at other designated events. It also allows us to participate in some opportunities that were not appropriate for the distinguished symbol of Osceola and Renegade.”
Tuesday May 1st my sister and I set up for a birthday dinner date night after I got off work. We knew we wouldn't get to hang out for my actual birthday so we made plans early! And I loved every minute of it!
Patients consecutively diagnosed with CFS (Fukuda criteria) were randomly assigned to intervention (n = 60) or usual treatment (n = 60) groups. HRQL was assessed at baseline and 12 months by the Medical Outcomes Study Short-Form questionnaire (SF-36). Secondary outcomes included functional capacity for activities of daily living measured by the Stanford Health Assessment Questionnaire (HAQ) and comorbidities.
Thank you for taking the time to consider my writing.
That something had changed inside us- something that would make us all forever uncertain, make us question the meaning of life- not as some textbook abstraction but in very real and disturbing ways.
“What the hell has gotten into you man?”
I was observing an inventory at a large plant located in the swamps of north-central Louisiana. This was a large facility and the inventory took three days, and the plant did not shut down during the inventory, which made the whole thing harder to do. I was already on thin ice with the people there because I had to have them start over on one warehouse because it was impossible to reconcile the counts on the inventory tickets with what was in the place, and the guys who were responsible were getting docked pay.
Vintage blue and white flower cart tablecloth
Strength: This is a team that has taken on the personality of its coach. Just like Buzz Williams, Marquette is intense and high energy. The Golden Eagles will pressure you defensively and attack off the dribble for 40 minutes. They keep coming at you in waves to the point where sometimes it seems as if it’s more than five players on the court. They’re a nightmare to play.
We’re going to parachute your ass into the wilds of north-central Alaska or a free-fire zone in Uganda or a raft off the coast of Somalia. Just to be fair, we’ll parachute your money in, too, all in gold, of course, since U.S. currency would be too declassé.
Happy Tapping is lots of fun
Why does it seem like time moves so fast lately? The cousins were here for seconds; I turned around twice, and suddenly Colden is four years old and in preschool. I'm preparing for my upcoming trip to the Tucson gem and mineral shows, which will probably zip past at the speed of light...
Last week I shared some of my goals for my home in 2012. I couldn't have picked a better time to take it one room at a time - I've got a cold that's kicking my butt, so making dinner is considered a serious accomplishment.
The disadvantage and advantage that a good mom blogger / webmaster has is that search engines determine what is duplicate content or content spam for themselves (algorithm change for this in January 2012). It is a disadvantage if you do not know how to protect and market your content, someone else can squeeze in on your "good stuff" and claim it as their own. On the other hand, shrewd and Internet savvy mom bloggers know how to protect themselves from duplicate content. The advantage is that search engines can most often tell which content is yours and whether it is worth anyone's time ("quality"). They constantly update their algorithms (code also known as crawlers) and they hire people to serve as search engineers ... this protects you from websites and blogs that embed your RSS and content spammers that duplicate your unique writings; including articles you have made public domain on PR and article sites that permit sharing. This is why social bookmarking and link descriptions are not considered duplicate content, but a new web site that is using just feeds could be considered duplicate content.
I forget about the person I used to be.
This post is #9 in a series I’m calling 60in60 – 60 reflections on quotes that have shaped my life in 60 days.
That is child neglect. Period.
When I entered the hall I found it barely a quarter full, and Pomfret Wilkins, the Secretary, greeted me with an exuberance that seemed, in the circumstances, a little overdone. He told me that a number of entries had been cancelled at the last moment, and that several had simply not turned up, without a word one way or the other, just as if the Show had slipped their memory as something of absolutely no importance whatever.
Ballot access in New York State is difficult and candidates with large political organizations behind them, like Grace Meng has with the Queens County Democratic Party Committee, can prevent legitimate candidates who have demonstrated a modicum of support from getting on the ballot by suing them in court and causing them to needlessly expend legal and financial resources to fend off challenges. "While New York's election law provides for such challenges, at their heart they are extremely undemocratic proceedings and any candidate that demonstrates a modicum of support should be allowed on the ballot," Sheng said.
This looks to be interesting, so if anyone is in the mood for live music in Sheffield on that night, then there is the place to be, apparently. For my part, I’m going to be doing my best to attend, despite birthday parties and battling off hell-beasts from the pit. Hell-beasts have such fun parties, too…
I have a scar above my eyebrow. This came after realizing that my relationship with Vinny was deteriorating and we had grown completely apart. I walked on eggshells every time I was in my apartment. I drank heavily so I wouldn’t have to deal with the anxiety associated with being around him or causing a fight. I felt like a zombie and started to be numb to life in general. We had all these plans for our future together and it became apparent that a future together would not end well for either of us. After another party we went out. I was so drunk that I smashed my face on the ground. I woke up in my bed, my face bloody everywhere. At that point he was so angry with me that he stormed out. I didn’t know what was happening. Before I knew it I had taken too many different pills to cure the pain in my head. I ended up in the hospital and went through one of the most horrible experiences of my life. I learned from this situation that I was slipping away and it was just a matter of time before I lost my life if I didn’t change these behaviors. I became severely depressed. I think this is one of my rock bottoms.
… Long time we were silent. I remembered my feelings from Embracings of Jesus, from the real Merging with Him… Then — focused on the perception of my actual size — the size of the soul, the consciousness. Yes, all that Vladimir said, was indeed confirmed with my personal experience. At first, I lived in this incarnation — as a material body, corroded from all sides by several diseases… My attention was focused on cats… In the love for cats — I was looking for an opportunity to meet the true love… Vladimir was later completely right when he once concluded that I was merged in love not with God but with cats… How I was stunned by this truth!…
Tonight's quick post is my entry for this week's Scrap-Creations challenge - their theme is 'Christmas' and, with perfect timing, of course, I had just made a few Christmas cards towards my stash. So I thought you might like to see this one - another fairly traditional image but made modern, I think:
The fun, for research nerds like myself, is discovering what people respond to and how to effectively be heard over the din of millions. It’s watching a personality emerge in 140 characters until you just can’t wait to meet this brilliant, hilarious, ravenous, succinct, and simpatico-in-every-way gadabout behind the quip.
Medical screening to avoid the transmission of diseases transmitted straight through sexual intercourse, such as syphilis, gonorrhea, human immunodeficiency virus (Hiv) and hepatitis. Women are in fact more susceptible to venereal disease than men. Because the V-shaped female genitals that seemed to “accommodate” the virus. While the male genitals are not “accommodate” and can be directly cleaned. If one spouse suffered from Isr / Ims, before marriage should be treated first to recover. In addition, if such a man suffering from hepatitis B and will be married, his future wife should be made to have immunity against hepatitis B disease. How, with hepatitis B immunization If the join has not been cured of venereal disease and will remain married, despite not warrant 100 percent but condom use is extremely recommended.
In the case of international relationship, whether you’re transferring or have not too long ago moved you could also take a look at what that country’s on-line dating companies has to offer. They work the identical in most countries and the one factor which is perhaps totally different is the cost option. If there is a value then it normally doesn’t price a lot of money, usually around twenty dollars per energetic month however the expenses might be different.
We walked out around 11:30, early for us. Many of the bedraggled and now bleary kids had gone. A few girls had actually come in, looked around, or put their faces right up to the glass, and I could imagine them setting their minds and hearts firmly on a better night to come. One spent in a dress that is part of you, a dress to wear often and well, when out with a man who really does love you, or a group of pals who will be there for you in the long run, and will come in and throw their arms around you and lie to you about how sexy you are....and no chaperons! We walked out to the elevators, and for a minute we walked on stars, little sequin stars lighting up the carpet in the dim hallway. Or were they tears?
To the knowing of the bridge of breath and the sword of discipline
Students who attend the School of Rock said they enjoy it. Gabrielle Oliver, a flute player, said “The music and friends.” Fizzy Lathbury a young guitarist with a killer rock star look added, “I love it all. It is a big part of my life.”
I realised that when I was half way through HIDDEN that I wanted to write more about Lindy, a minor but important character. So Lindy became the main character in ILLEGAL which will be published in March 2011.
“I guess we will see. Still want to go and do something Jessie?”
Monday we planned a ton of Earth Day activities. We read tons of books and talked about what we can do to protect the Earth. One of the activities was from Fun 2B in First. Unfortunately I didn't get a picture of how they turned out, but let's just say Super Cute! As a culminating project, my students planted marigolds. I bought all my kids little clay pots at the Dollar Tree and they decorated them with paint pens. Again, (do you see a theme here?) I didn't get pictures of us planting them but I do have a picture of their finished product. We will be watering them and watching them grow for the next several weeks. They will get to take them home around Mother's Day.
I know that I have been MIA for a few days.
I didn't manage to make a single thing last week until Friday afternoon! That really sucked since I had two DT projects due (sorry) and orders due this week for Christmas cards... I was really suffering from major blahs; my hormones had me in a seriously crappy place. Thankfully, I feel way better now! I went to on online crafty friend's house on Saturday for some crafting (Hey Trish!), and I went shopping at Michaels, Blitsy, and Oozak yesterday... (YAY!!) At least I'll have some things to show you all this week...
In the photo is Boram’s drawing of Soyeon. In the photo Soyeon has small face, big eyes, wavy hair, and thick bangs while showing off her pure beauty. Boram’s attention to detail and artistic skills is catching the attention of many.
I propose he sits down for an hour with Stossal or the Judge and explain everything out right. But even that wouldn’t matter because all you have to do is look to the 10 books he’s written, the thousands of articles, and the countless hours of video on YouTube to know the truth.
70. Dropkick-Time Cuts The Ties (Sound Asleep)
it's a religious statement.
Internal uses
On 04 December 2009 Global Infrastructure Partners (GIP) became the owners of Gatwick Airport Limited.
Border around sentiment - Stamp and Punch (Hot Off the Press), oval was then cut by hand around the stamp as I don't have the oval punch
STUDIO FOR RENT, MID CITY $1200
Even better, once a whole school has run its drive, the kids themselves research and decide where the pennies – now hundreds of dollars — should go. To a homeless shelter? Food pantry? School supplies for kids with none?
You can win:
These are the new Rouge Unlimited lipsticks, launched in Spring 2012. For more details, click through to the introduction.
A regular guest with the Lincoln Center Jazz Orchestra, up-and-coming vocalist Gregory Porter has staked his clame to fame in the jazz world already. His highly versatile singing draws from the likes of Nat King Cole, Donny Hathaway, Joe Williams , Stevie Wonder or Kurt Elling. Not only does he manage to jump any hurdles between blues, jazz and soul effortlessly, the Grammy nominee also unites the great American traditions of crooning and topical songs with a voice that can caress or confront, embrace or exhort.
The New York Police Department's 88th Precinct is housed in this unique 1890 brick building with a high conical tower. It was designed by George Ingram, the Assistant Engineer for the Brooklyn Department of City Works, in the mid-1880’s, when he undertook designing the basic framework for new precinct houses in Brooklyn. The 88th Precinct (once called the 4th precinct) building remains one of his most visible designs still in use today.
In our society, if it takes more than 1 second for a webpage to load we get angry. We are far too spoiled! We want quick and instant results. This mindset has infiltrated the church and followers of Christ by storm. We think that if we just “add a dash of Jesus” we will get everything we ever wanted or desired. If that doesn’t happen we feel like God doesn’t love us or that we are being cheated because we deserve the “good life.”
DUST with cocoa powder or sprinkle with chocolate shavings
ALSO, BE SURE TO MENTION IF YOU ARE A PREEMIE PARENT, SO I CAN DIFFERENTIATE WHEN IT COMES TIME TO CHOOSE A WINNER IN EACH CATEGORY.
The Sensational Guitars Of Dan and Dale were a pseudonym for Sun Ra & The Blues Project. In 1966 kids were going wild over ABC’s "Batman" television show. A New Jersey toy company wanted to cash in on the craze and rip off kids by releasing an album called "Batman and Robin."
5) Texas in early July is hot. If you are standing in the direct sun, you are out of your mind. But, in the shade, with a cold beer or a Dr. Pepper, or after dinner, sated on red meat (mad cow disease scare in Texas notwithstanding), it feels wonderful.
Since I haven't done a clean out of old, unsold inventory in quite a while, I decided to take advantage of the 7 DAYS (!!) of free auction listings on eBay to have a LAST CHANCE sale. Can you believe I had stuff in my stores that I originally listed back in 2009? Crazy! Time flies when you're having fun and all that, apparently... ;)
As the news spread, the tourist tide swelled further. Sambar road was closed to tourists after the mishap. With curfew on, nobody, including the canteen staff, was allowed to venture out after 7.30 in the evening and dinner was served early in the room. But behind windows, people stayed up long hungry nights for that glimpse of a lifetime.
I'm done. In my mind, he has been nothing but an absolute failure and Liberals are kidding themselves if they think otherwise.
02. Dedicated (Jazzy Jaff Remix)
Both fellowships have the same main goal, to win the ring. But if the Heat’s intention was to copycat Celtics’ fellowship formula, they seemed to forget this: maturity. Garnett and Allen were 32 years-old, whilst Pierce was 30, and they were ringless before they won it, just like the Mavs’ current roster. Whilst Bosh is 27, James is 26, and even the 29 years-old Wade has already had a ring on his name. Some says it takes experience to clinch the title. But the major factor is that the Celtics veteran fellowship was aging and, therefore, much more desperate. They trusted one to each other as it might be their last chance. The same situation the Mavs’ league of veterans faced.
Nov 10 Dublin Ambassador Dublin, IRE
Biography:
but I've memorized better:
I also decided to make a quilt out of melon patch blocks. It's a bit slow-going right now as I only have four of the 64 segments pieced, but I think it'll look great in Anna-Maria Horner's Innocent Crush.
1. I love this model off duty look, she seems so carefree
Yes, people sometimes giggle or make comments about her hairiness, but that's their problem, not hers. Children are generally curious rather than critical, wondering why women shave in the first place. She doesn't mention her academic colleagues at the University of London but presumably they aren't bothered.
When will they back the forces of peace, of tolerance, of goodwill, instead of supporting the brutal and beastly terrorists?
1 large butternut squash
There at least is a silver lining to this tragic death, as in just a few hours, donations to Samaritans on her donations page went from £500 to more than £100,000 by 6.40pm today.
Those were my exact words, accompanied by an exasperated moan, as I hung up the phone…twenty-five years ago yesterday.
My daughter and I thought it would be fun to hang eggs from the chandelier in the formal dining room. Once we started hanging the ribbon, we didn't feel we needed any eggs. I like how it turned out, and think I will keep it up through at least May Day. It reminds me of a maypole.
I passed
The difference of opinion between Yehuda Shimon and his wife appears to be a reflection of wider sentiments among residents of the West Bank settlements. On one hand, they agree that the burden on the public must be eased. On the other, they see the current housing protests as an effort by left-wing activists to piggyback on justified grievances in order to promote the broader diplomatic agenda of the left. The power of Facebook in Israeli protests.
This morning I walked around my neighborhood, getting some hot chocolate and buying a pound of beans for the troops at Caribou and then heading to the Co-op for a few items. I've talked on the phone to my parents today, and made blueberry pancakes and a Bloody Mary for myself. The Ohio State-Purdue game is not disappointing. Neither are my pajama pants. A pine-scented candle is burning and my apartment is warm. Later today I'll make a big stir fry using some of the ginger I bought on my errand walk earlier. I'm not going to lie, I miss my Christmas tree and will probably listen to "The Nutcracker" later on. If the roads were safe, I'd head to a State Park to rent snowshoes and walk out on frozen water.
Aside from meeting and chatting with more folks and trying to see the ones I knew, I had a mission at the cocktail party. That was to find and squee at and hug Queen of Spain's husband the Kaiser, who I have not seen in 4 years, and who, now that I have done the math, I realize I have known for TWENTY THREE years. Dang, that's a long time!
and, of course....falling rain.
Sudan and South Sudan have been on the brink of a full-scale war for weeks and are refusing to negotiate.
How can I honor my birthmom, who I also love, but from a distance since she cannot bring herself to allow me into her life. Last year, Mother’s Day stirred some depression into me. Just for a couple of days, I felt that low low inescapable feeling of sadness and loss. I missed my birthmom. I am one of her children biologically, and I wanted to be able to pick up the phone, call my birthmom, and tell her Happy Mother’s Day–just like a “normal” child might like to do. But I couldn’t. Her other children she carried in her tummy could. But not me. I couldn’t send her flowers without upsetting her, couldn’t write her an email because I don’t know her email address, . . . My hands were tied as if I had a restraining order. I just wanted her to know that I love her even without knowing her, and I wanted to tell her Happy Mother’s Day. But I am too much–too upsetting–connected to too many memories . . ??? I don’t know. I am still guessing.
A poignant, touching film about a surprising pen-pal relationship between a young Australian girl and an older, autistic New Yorker that carries on for 20 years. There are a lot of themes touched on here--obesity, child neglect, depression, social anxieties--but at its core it's about the way friendship can take us by surprise and take us to places we never imagined our lives would go. Adam Elliot's films are always darkly witty, and his first feature doesn't feel padded or compromised; his sense of humor is still evident, as is his ability to make you feel sad and uplifted at the same time. Beautiful work. Excellent voiceovers, too, particularly Philip Seymour Hoffman and narrator Barry Humphries. ****
The ad is notable in part for what it doesn’t show: Romney never appears, and opposition to Obama is reduced to a few images of tea party rallies, including one shot of a demonstrator in colonial garb with a “Shut ‘Er Down” sign. Obama’s two signature domestic policy achievements, his health care overhaul and the Dodd-Frank rewrite of Wall Street rules, are missing, as is the $800 billion stimulus package he championed as necessary to revive the economy.
I will come back to this as the programme develops, but I wanted to make sure that the dates go in your diaries as early as possible.
We're celebrating Christmas and Thanksgiving and Easter and birthdays.
Wake Up America! Smell the Coffee, While You are Still Able!
Some more info on the team:
10Then let my wife give pleasure to another man and let others make use of her body.
It’s funny – Mikal cold-called Greenpoint Studios in Brooklyn and asked if he’d do it. He said “send me a tape”. We did and he said “sure, love to”. It was that easy. He transformed the album, really brought it out front and made it scream. We were very lucky.
I am working on a couple of SF/SF thrillers and I will be submitting these to traditional publishers/agents initially and may end up self-publishing them if nothing happens on these in a year or so.
The universe is not fair, it's random. It's not caring or punishing or judging or loving. It simply is. In all its wonder and mystery and beauty and fragility. There is no fair.
After speaking to several of my classmates over the past couple of months, I started to realize that I had found myself in a rather odd industry where there are other people just like me. We spend more time goggling over old Disney movies and thinking like children more than anyone else I know.
I was a little bummed out, I love how they looked with the new wagon (Grandmas present to the boys) out of 156 photos, there was not a single one of all 6 kids I liked! And now, it being school holidays ( another reason to hate the rain, 6 kids stuck inside because the grass is too long because its too wet to mow, and the yard is all wet and muddy, and there is a tent and a Slip n Slide just waiting by the back door –still in their boxes! I shouldnt complain, last year we were in a drought, and plenty of poor Queenslanders are flooded in, and being evacuated. Sigh. Queensland. Crazy weather!!) all the kids are gone or going out ( Cara is at the beach with her mate, Dakota, Rani and Jai are going to their grandmas) so I wont get to try again until the end of the week.
We had to wake up at 2:30 am! We drove to the airport with some funny old ladies who laughed and snorted. Our plan got to Miami, Florida at 9:45 am. At 10:45 am we left for Santo Domingo. We touched down at Santo Domingo at 1:45 pm. Then we went to our hotel and ate lunch. Factoid: every day in Santo Domingo it rains around 3 pm. Then we took some nice long naps. Next, we watched TV. Finally we went out to dinner with a group of people.
25 epithet
To: McGuire, Lisa E.; Lay, Kathy
Hope to see you there!!
(Deep breath)(In)(Out)(In)(Out)(and Deep Cleansing Breath)
Here are some guides for you to find the best pediatric urologist doctors; first, the urologist must have the ability to connect with patients on a personal level. This is necessary especially because the physician will be dealing with kids. He must have the ability to handle your child’s attitude and treat him with compassion and care.
I had tried an Ergo early last summer, but ended up selling it to a friend. So many of my friends had raved about them, but I never seemed to be able to get it to fit comfortably. It was hard for me to buckle the top clasp when I was wearing my little one on the front, and I always ended up with intense pain along my spine and between my shoulder blades when I wore it. And by the time I tried the Ergo, I had so much practice tying a baby wrap that it was actually faster for me to put on a wrap than the Ergo!
Article supplied by: Rumpa Das – Celestine Rhythm
pink lipstick and raven hair.
Last 20-miler is set for this Saturday and I guess it’s okay since that evening we have Julian’s First Communion. Let’s just say, I’m looking to relax on Sunday. My mom’s leaving for the Motherland also. I think someone wants to come along.
At least I really try not to be.
I believe we can prevail, we are a brave, resourceful and determined people, when we decide to be. We have been lost for a while, yet we can still find our way back. There are signs that the slumbering lion within the souls of our people is stirring and he can still awake in time, it remains only for us to call to him.
Why would someone intentionally sell a cake without any prior experience in making that certain cake? Well, because that someone, who just happens to be me, is stark raving mad.
Two years ago today, he was under heavy sedation. He was dying here, on a hospital bed, in the downstairs front room.
I’m reading The Guernsey Literary and Potato Peel Pie Society, by Mary Ann Shaffer and Anne Burrows - romping through it would be more accurate, since I only started it today. It’s only a little book, but it is so wonderfully evocative, of an era and a place and a set of characters you feel you know, that I felt like I was in that world. And I know that I won’t want it to end, which is my measure for a good book. Not the style of the writing or the fame of the author or the, *shudder*, originality of the story. Just the creation of a world which I don’t want to leave.
“Go on,” said Rearden tensely.
“No way,” uttered Anna Hayes Levin, a lawyer and member of Manhattan Community Board 4, in the audience.
This was clearly shown by the 5,000 or so protestors who reacted to the tear gas and water cannon by refusing to leave and making a fight of it instead.
finally, he wasn’t hysterical so we headed out to our spot and took some chocolates with us.
I was going to post up a few pics for you,
Baked Squash And Apples
Joel Goldenberg, The Suburban
Our mini sculptures are also double glazed in diamond gloss for extra protection. Last year, I was using a mix of matte and gloss, but I found people preferred shiny so...shiny it is! And I do like the gloss, I think it gives our charms a cleaner and brighter look.
Between idea conception and present day, the Paint by Number art phenomenon has come full circle. In the 1960s it was adopted into the realm of Pop Art. Then, in the 1970s the designs became more abstract to fit the maturing tastes of art enthusiasts. By the 1990s, Paint by Number was looking for ways to regain a footing in the craft market of America; a telephone survey led them to create the “America’s Most Wanted” kit. Around this time, numerous children’s art companies, like Crafthouse and Janlynn started to produce Paint by Number kits for kids; there are even designs inspired by Disney Characters.
It happens every so often. I get temporary “writer’s block”.
“Violence against women is the most common, most shameful and least punished crime in the world,” and eliminating it would promote sustainable development, economic growth and peace.
Ever hear of him?
1. You can glue it just as it is. If you use a base card the same color as your cut card you can show off the clever design of the card without the cut-outs being too distracting. (Mine is in contrasting colors to help you see it.)
Keeping the spirit of the earrings, some were polished, others got more modern earwires. One pair were simple triangles, and by cutting out a few new triangular shapes in the metal to hold new earwires and by adding gemstones, they ended up looking spiffed up and ready to wear with some tricks up their sleeves.
how life was yesterday
2. Mr New has always been brutally honest about his need or enjoyment (be it subliminal or otherwise) for freedom, spontaneity, change, excitement and lack of dramas. At NO point can I ever accuse him of pretending he wasn’t just exactly who he presents to me, every single day of our time together thus far.
A number of my blog friends are mothers who regularly share their own delectable recipes. As much as I want to do my own recipe post, I can't. How can I share something that I don't possess? But today, I'll try to break that barrier. Haha! I will be sharing one of my family's favorite meal... our own NACHOS recipe
Yes, pasta is cheap and to buy now and start stocking up. Not to mention the added bonus of having a unlimited shelf life. However, there is only so much pasta we can and even want to store. Eventually you will run out, and then one day you will be craving spaghetti, and pasta may not be available or it may be very very expensive. I recommend a manual pasta maker, drying rack, and pasta recipes. I got one two years ago and I love it. I’ve made tons of pasta from and dried it and saved it. I like it better plus I can add yummy herbs and spices to it. Which you can’t do when you buy store bought pasta unless that is the kind your buying which is more expensive. This is much cheaper than store bought.
When we all perform together as a somewhat motley crew, we seem like a freakish American family Von Trapp. We really do. But we trudge forward, the squeaks and squawks coming from the recorders, the twangy strums mostly out-of-tune.
Our favorite randy, drunken Madison Avenue suits return this Sunday with an extra-special long episode of 'Mad Men' this Sunday. As with prior seasons, I'll try and follow up most shows on Monday with a little historical commentary.
Tomorrow it will be hard to get back to working at
Being an improvised dance it does not ‘have’ to follow any musical pattern. Never the less many dancers find it the easiest and most enjoyable to danced it on ‘argentine tango’ (music) recordings from the 1930’s and 1940’s which’s structures, patterns, repetitions and rhythmics put light on the many options dancers have available for choosing.
It may not be too bad for a 12/13 year old facing up to his (very) big and intimidating brother, but too much right hand resulted in a tendency to scoop up rather easy catches to mid-off or mid-on:
Here is what it's about:
I was sooo excited when I finally finished Emma's costume the other night, but what I didn't count on was her reaction...Totally freaked out by the feathers, to the point where she was holding her breath and flailing uncontrollably. I guess the apple didn't fall too far from the tree. For those of you who don't know, I'm terrified of birds and lots of other animals :)
Brasserie Fantôme Fantôme Saison D'Erezée - Printemps
“What’s not clear is why he wanted to widen the junction in the first place. If it turns out to involve a big increase in heavy vehicles and this impacts on other businesses and interests in the vicinity then we hope people will let us know and steps will be taken.”
Finally there was the clumsy attempt at rehabilitation and restoral to the Church's bosom of a bunch of unrepentant Jew haters and Holocaust deniers, and Benedict's absolute refusal to discipline or censure openly anti-Semitic Church figures like Poland's Cardinal Joseph Glemp or Cardinal Oscar Andres Rodriguez Meridiaga, the Archbishop of Honduras who, among other things blames "the Jews"for the Church's scandals involving priests and sexual abuse of young parishoners and calls for Jerusalem to be taken away from Israel as its capitol.
What are your thoughts? How should the clubs and individuals be punished? Who is too blame? Leave a comment and let us know your thoughts
It’s the start of their lambing season, and Jo had two orphaned lambs in a pen by the back door. They needed regular feeding, and they were so cute! Iain was out regularly, checking his scattered flock for new arrivals and potential problems, but he still found time to take Colin on a long walk in search of wildlife. They had a close encounter with a golden eagle, and watched a pair of red-throated divers on a lochan high in the hills. They were caught in a heavy rainstorm, and came back dripping wet and very happy.
The hop burn here is definitely tempered but it's the wonderful layers of orangey hops that are the real star. I'll certainly try to seek out the bottled version of this beer to see how it compares.
3. “Q” is the least used letter in English language.
There is just something special about holding a book in my hands.
The recovery from the Great Recession is not off to a good start for women. From June 2009, when the recession ended, to May 2011, women have lost 218,000 jobs, with their employment level falling from 65.1 million to 64.9 million. Men, however, are finding new jobs in the recovery. Their employment level increased from 65.4 million in June 2009 to 66.1 million in May 2011, a gain of 768,000 jobs. Since 1970, this is the first two-year period into an economic recovery in which women have lost jobs even as men have gained them.
Chinese Long Green Beans
He's also still up for a good stroller nap.
The Killing Breed, 69,800 words, is a young adult novel. Thank you for your time and consideration. Pasted below is a brief synopsis and sample chapter. The full manuscript is available upon request. Here are my comments on the pitch:
It has only been out a week or so, but already has some impressive admirers:
Staz-On Black Ink
There is a simplicity to life in my part of France that appeals to me, that I greatly admire....it is not a way of life that I am accustomed to and nor is it a life that I think I could live on a full time basis. My life is compartmentalised...I have one way of living in France and I have another in London not to mention being Australian born and feeling very much an Australian...When this existence becomes too complicated, too confusing, too frenetic I reflect on the straightforwardness of some of the French lives that surround me in Provence....Could I forgo the material luxuries that make a split life possible? Would I be content to live for the rest of my days in one place, with the same routines day after day, season upon season? Could I live in a world where the internet doesn't reign supreme? I fear I know the answers to these questions already....It is too late for me... I am already lost to the modern world where stimulation, instantaneity and choice have spoilt me... but I do know a French couple who aren't.
Renagades of Funk (Miami)
"I still don't know who is going to...."
Oil for deepfrying
At that time I wondered if the far left was falling out of love with Islamic fundamentalism. The hammering that the parties of God have taken at the Middle Eastern ballot box plus a growing resistance movement in the world’s premier theocracy may well have given Milne some doubts about Islamism as a viable alternative to Western mixed economy systems. There has to be somewhere else to go and the notionally communist hyperpower in the east can seem an attractive proposition to someone in search of a tyrannical fatherland. I wondered if others on the anti-imperialist faction would follow his lead.
3. Do you own a gun?
2. Be sure to arrange a meeting with your officiant at least a month before your wedding. Talk about how he/she can help you personalize your greetings, and let the officiant know what parts of the ceremony are important or special to you.
I have very recently been reminded of one of the reasons I have chosen to remain a "stay-at-home" mom even though I rarely have kids in the house now, and let's face it - I rarely can be found actually at home.
However, I tweaked the recipe a little bit (as always), particularly on the sugar, chocolate, cardamon. (If you dont like spices, you can replace the cardamon with vanilla or other flavours you like, as Lindt suggests) I did not have dariole moulds and was too lazy to go get some so I made use of my tart tins. Hahaha...
Anyways I am going to be out in Cali. soon!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Oh yeeeah so excited! KAy well I gotz to go! Byes!
Archive: Online site that stores fan fiction. May be general or specific to one fandom.
You are also very polite when you get a compliment (and you get lots of compliments). If someone tells you that they like your hair, or your outfit, or that you look SO pretty, you always smile and say "Thank you!"
因此蓝色看起来很特别
Powered up Bear Pass in 20 minutes....continued to the top of the ridge to the right of the pass in another 20 minutes. Drank water, made water, then ran/slipped back down in 30 minutes. Glad I could fit a hike in on this sunny day - the weather is supposed to change to SHIT for the rest of the week. A good dose of burning quads and pounding heart...vitamin D and a brisk cool wind...taking in that vast view of life and beauty-flora, fauna, and humans doing life down in those tiny houses. My battery is CHARGED to ride out that rain if it comes!
--Alfred Hitchcock's "rough-and-ready rules" for screen beauty, circa 1935, quoted in The Dark Side of Genius: The Life of Alfred Hitchcock by Donald Spoto
I had almost hoped that I wouldn’t have to go through with it and I could just sit at home, drink a beer, and forget about it all, but as we all should know by now, we don’t get anywhere in life without pushing through and making our own opportunities. I realized that very clearly for the first time in my life at five o’clock that night as I carried my amp, sound board, mic stand, music stand, and guitar down to the coffeehouse. It was five o’clock sharp when I swung the door open, the familiar smell of freshly ground espresso washed over me and calmed me down. My blood pumped thick with the smell of caffeine and I stopped shaking enough to set up for my six o’clock “curtain.”
I embossed the image with black and painted it
darkness. They all originated from the same source, the devil, who is himself
We never made it - You hesitated - I don’t believe
I’ve been fine-tuning my actual writing lately, too, and focusing my goals more distinctly – which is another reason I want to revise MEGAN&LIAM a little bit. I’ve been giving a ton of thought to romance novels, and how they relate to feminist topics, and such things – and that’s really helped me to refine what exactly I want to accomplish, artistically, with my writing.
The firefighters' duties included responding to medical emergencies and carrying out airfield inspections and runway checks.
“Smells like Magenta, but has a bit of a Fuchsia aftertaste.”
I have a few updates to post in the next few days: gastroenteritis / gastritis, an interesting debate on curability versus control, some studies on the linkage of Revlimid with second cancers (or the lack thereof), etc.
I decided that the whole world, or at least those who are interested in it and love such puffs, might take part in the pleasure of touching the soft fabric and discover the surprisingly bright colours on the backside of the faded front. I kept some panels of 6, 12 or 24 puffs for sale, the rest ended up in single puffs.
I think I’ll work on fudge today…and maybe start the cheese logs. And I’ve still got a project to knit for this weekend. It may sound like I’ve procrastinated on some of these things…but really, I haven’t. It actually is nice to have some tasks to do now – it would feel really weird to just sit and wait for Christmas! I would second-guess myself and wonder if I had gotten the right things or enough….
That week in June had been jam-packed with activities and places to visit; some organised, others of our own choosing. I'll not forget the superb campsite and the hospitality of Edward & Nuala Allen at their award-winning Moat Farm, nor the camaraderie of fellow journalists, welcoming us as soon as we arrived. Nor meeting the marketing director of the Irish Caravan & Camping Council, Norah Heraty, and talking to her about those 'forty shades of green' that I had determined would be the title of a piece I had been asked to write about the tour. It subsequently appeared in the CWG magazine, 'In Touch'.
09. Love Crazy
Phillip Wilson -Drums, Percussion
Here a half minute later, frothy “bones in the teeth” demonstrate that RPM as well as SOG and probably adrenaline levels have risen.
Posted by Justin "The Claw" at 12:54 AM 1 comments
The next two examples were explorations of Mooka. I wish that I was as skilled as the rest of you had keeping my hand steady and keeping the distance between lines consistent. As I keep saying...practice, practice, practice will hopefully help me improve in those areas.
Americans are dogs."
I can’t believe Spencer is helpless towards a kid…
So where's our Pro Tip?
The designer paper underneath the glass can be changed
Sex?
I'm sure everyone has a coloring book hidden somewhere in their home to color in when the mood suits and no one is looking...
If you are recruiting, this could lead you to the very person you need.
There are other very large, very powerful rifle rounds sometimes used by snipers or other long range shooters, often based off of .50bmg cases, but sometimes based off of large magnum rifle rounds; but I wouldn't call any of them common, and none are actually more powerful than the .50bmg.
Logbook Loans – Your Logbook Papers Can Avail You Additional Money
volumes 1 and 6 earlier, great covers and hot music.
What a new term also means is new classmates. A group of about 8 of us “big kids” from our first session got together and all registered for the same classes, which meant about 12 new faces. The first couple weeks were a little rough. I quickly named a group member “Wonder Boy,” and not as a term of endearment. We’ve all settled in though, and get along pretty well. But it is VERY exciting to see old friendly faces in the halls.
The WORD says… Give because you have received favor with God (11 Corinthians 8:9).
Pints for Prostates is focused on reaching men during September, which is Prostate Cancer Awareness Month. So far 10 beer and beverage related publications have pledged a combination of advertising space, news coverage, website marketing and special event
This woman is “breast obsessed.” That would be wrong.
Nice Hair Guy – I met Nice Hair Guy when I was working as a cashier at Food Lion. He came in almost daily, purchasing the most random of items. Sometimes it was beer, sometimes a lone tooth brush, sometimes just an onion – never any significant groceries. And, he would always go through my line, no matter how busy it was. After some flirting, me in my khaki pants and Food Lion blue shirt, him with his fabulous hair, we went out a few times. Nice Hair Guy had chin length, brown curly hair – it was beautiful. It was like a Pantene commercial. I was enamored with his hair. I was jealous that his hair was nicer than mine. I wanted nothing more than to run my fingers through his hair – for hours, days even. One day, he brought me back to his apartment. And I found he had no furniture. Literally no furniture. He had an air mattress in his bedroom and that was it. He told me that he spent his money on travel and “life,” not furniture. He tried to initiate us making out on the floor in the living room, and no matter how nice his hair was, I just couldn’t get into it. I can still remember how uncomfortable the cheap carpeting was. Once I made it clear to him I would not be sleeping with him, not that night and probably not ever, Nice Hair Guy disappeared. I always wondered where he went for his onions and beer after that, because I never saw him at Food Lion again.
-Nick Hornby's YA stuff
Perhaps it's just the places I'm looking, but it seems like all apartments in the states have an equipped kitchen. Stove, oven, fridge, a lot of the time even with a dishwasher. In my experience in France this is rarely the case. I don't even think a hotplate is obligatory, though most student studios come with a little fridge and a few burners. Our past two apartments had burners, no oven, no fridge. The place we are now has a big empty space for a built-in oven, which the last renter bought and then took with him. Heavens knows if it's because his new place had the same empty space or if he sold it or what (in which case he could have sold it to us and saved us the trouble of installing a new one, ugh).
These are all affirmations of faith, which, when practiced, will permit you to say “no” to doubt and “yes” to life.
Our annual family Halloween party is this weekend. We don't usually do anything huge just a few family and friends. It's mostly for the kids.....which means everyone one of us becomes a kid on this day every year.
Buyers acquiring their selves pennyless with cash advance continue to a potential day to the schedule, are in possession of a place to show to plus its on line. Income right up until Payday cash advances now the save.
Two Information Technology geeks were chatting in a pub after work.
SCC: Your three main characters are all beautifully observed, and they have in common this: that they are all observers of others. You also make use of mirrors a lot in the book, seemingly as a way of stripping layers away to get at the truth. Are you, like many writers, most comfortable as an observer yourself? Why do you think that is, and what are your favourite methods of covert observation?
Just as risk assessment and due diligence on third parties form a critical component of an Adequate Procedures based anti-bribery corruption program, the Guidance also speaks to the need for external communication of bribery prevention policies through a statement or Code of Conduct, which should act as a deterrent to those intending to bribe on a business’s behalf. The Guidance relates that external communications can include information on bribery prevention procedures and controls, sanctions, results of internal surveys, rules governing recruitment, procurement and tendering. The Guidance also recognizes that businesses may consider it proportionate and appropriate to communicate its anti-bribery policies and commitment to a wider audience, such as other companies in their sector, trade association members and to organizations that would fall outside the scope of the range of its associated persons, or to the general public.
Mong Tok is not too far from the Hong Kong Temple. In fact, the MTR stop for the temple is Mon Tok. Scores of stores were on two full square blocks. People were buying flowers to tske home. Most were cut flowers of all varieties.
GINGRICH: …compare my investments with his is like comparing a tiny mouse with a giant elephant. The fact — the fact is…
The rest of the episode features another ‘mystery’ for Eru, in the form of a ‘secret club’ that posts a secret recruiting notice at school. They find it, but in the end, it is revealed that Houtarou made it up to keep her from inevitably dragging he and Satoshi to the music room, which is the subject of another rumor she no doubt would have wanted to investigate.
* Antony Lishak, who has started a website that will tell you all sorts of things about children's writers: www.authorhotline.com
I'm reading a spy novel and smelling like sunscreen. Must be almost summer. What are you reading?
they came down for dinner dressed like sleeping beauty and rapunzel.
8 Hell Has No Fury 4:32
1 montreux
· Set up a new eCourse and insert your own affiliate links in every lesson that goes out
“Liberals and respectable conservatives agree there is this RACE problem. They say this RACE problem will be solved when the third world pours into EVERY white country and ONLY into white countries.”
2) Show the 7 winners names and links on your blog, and leave a comment informing them that they were prized with "Honest Scrap." Well, there's no prize, but they can keep the nifty icon
we've had this gun cabinet of my grandad's for quite a while. when we moved him out of his house and into a nursing home about five years ago my mom, aunt, sisters and i were able to keep some of the things from his house that we liked. at the time we thought we would use it to store griffin's guns. we havent been able to find a place for it in any of the three homes that we lived in and we realized it was more logical to put his guns in a safe than out on display anyway.
Wake up and stop sleeping
Happy Thursday....Here is what has happened in my life this past week....WMPH Company picnic- Such a nice thing for our owners to do....It was a catered picnic, with a blow up obstetrical course and bounce house. The obstetrical course was for the adults....kids enjoyed it too. There were horses, a train, and many games. They even hired a game coach, who ran the games....egg toss, Simone says, etc..
It's worth noting that this is one of the few women's garments a man can wear and still pee standing up.
Geared for ages 3-10
6. Do you any allergies? Care to share what they are?
Head over to the challenge blog to check out what the design team have done and while you are there pick up the free bunny silhouette Barbara is giving away until March 31st! I love how everyone has their own unique style. It really shows when there are no images to colour up.
Abdul Aziz, 41, from Rochdale, was found guilty of conspiracy and trafficking for sexual exploitation and not guilty of two counts of rape. Kabeer Hassan, 25, of Oldham, was found guilty of conspiracy and rape. Adil Khan, 42, of Rochdale, was found guilty of conspiracy and trafficking for sexual exploitation. Abdul Rauf, 43, of Rochdale, was found guilty of conspiracy and trafficking for sexual exploitation. Mohammed Sajid, 35, of Rochdale, was found guilty of conspiracy, trafficking, one count of rape and one count of sexual activity with a child. Abdul Qayyum, 44, of Rochdale, was found guilty of conspiracy. Mohammed Amin, 45, Rochdale, was found guilty of conspiracy and sexual assault. Hamid Safi, 22, was found guilty of conspiracy and trafficking but not guilty of two counts of rape.
Happy Pig Day! by Mo Willems – Gerald and Piggie are so funny together! Piggie wants Gerald to help celebrate Pig Day, but when Gerald realizes he doesn’t share Piggie’s traits (a curly tail, a snout, the ability to oink) he feels left out. However, the day is saved – Piggie always knows how to include his best friend though. The adventures of Gerald and Piggie (complete with subtle lessons and beginning reader vocabulary) continue in other Elephant and Pig books by Willems. Recommended by Gretchen M.
But enough of that for now. This is a birthday party! More balloons, cake and streamers! More happy speeches!
As you have probably heard, we lost our ex-governor, Ann Richards, the other day. I was sad to hear that she was gone. Ann, you see, was part of the reason I moved to Texas.
How good were they? Damned good, but don't take my word for it: I took them to a Super Bowl party today, and two people asked me where I bought the sausage. Made it, I said. Wow, they said, it's great! Score!
YSL Rouge Volupte #9 (Pink Caress):
Stefan Batory has been home for the last 9 days but it will be time to move back onto dry land sometime soon.
I was reminded of all this when I spied Temo Callahan's kraft paper lamp shade in House Beautiful. Decorated for Callahan by a friend with marker, it is infinitely charming, exponentially personal. Seeing the shade makes me want to know both the owner and the artist. Every life, every home should have just such a thing.
Very satisfied; somewhat satisfied; neutral; somewhat dissatisfied; very dissatisfied (p. 142)
Add black strips to each side of the white sheet.
Top Five Spring Trends 2009
I am not done following the Lord.
After loading my wife’s clubs onto the cart, I started loading mine when I heard my wife asked whether I wanted to meet a legend or not. I turned around and almost choked when I saw Smokey Robinson, music legend and Motown artist. Smokey often plays at Los Robles Greens in Thousand Oaks where he plays with the “gordies” (sons of Berry Gordy founder of the Motown label).
These are, no doubt, discussions that went missing among policymakers as they dreamed up and passed these laws. It probably never occurred to the almost-all-white-male voter ID chorus (plus black former Alabama Representative Artur Davis) that people who lack their race, gender and sexual privilege might have troubles with these rule changes. Or maybe it did occur to them, since there is a belief among conservatives that those who aren’t heterosexual aren’t citizens worthy of basic institutions like marriage and voting. Transgender people are the “irresponsible,” who won’t get in line and fly straight, and hence don’t deserve the franchise. I mean, such people might vote for a president that bans LGBTQ housing discrimination or something.
...and found it was open for us to tour, on a Thursday!
We don't give them the freedom expecting that they will choose as we would choose. We give them the freedom so they don't have to. We give them the freedom because we trust them and want them to grow up trusting themselves.
Make no parley—stop for no expostulation,
95:1 The five libations are Dhana, Karambha, Parivapa, and water. The seven woofs are the seven mantras (Cchandas) predominating in the Vedic hymns, such as Gayatri, etc.
My basement is finally back together, yay. We did the painting ourselves, so that was a bit of a mad dash between when the drywalls were done and before the carpet went down. Then last weekend started moving every thing back into the room. I still haven't replaced the storage cupboard so there is still a fair bit of homeless stuff. I did try to sew a project but was getting frustrated with trying to find stuff, as its a gift and I want to have it done before we go on vacation will try to get it finished this weekend.
My mom doesn’t like when I have to work a double, or when I’m held over, or on the way to a search warrant, but she is very proud when she sees me in my uniform. Unfortunately, you can’t have one without the other. My siblings are all involved with law enforcement somehow so we are conditioned. In fact, they simply refer to it just as if I was a bus driver or teacher—it is her job.
There are stories about bogus drugs and dirty needles used in certain areas.
So would it matter if the dollar crashed?
The new strike comes with the knob. You’ll just remove the old one, and install the new one like you did the hinges.
- Tony Chin: guitare rythmique
"Knockin' on Heaven's Door" by Bob Dylan
The other day an unusual bird come across our sight and after a couple of takes on failure, I captured the bird when it perch a branch of Gulmohar. The bird looked different and finding its name and identity has been tough to only discover after a serious search on Indian birds.
The last two weeks have seen another blitz on the finca renovation project.
PS: By the way, the title of the post, thanking MSD is largely for inspiring me enough to get back to blogging after a brief hiatus. Thank you Mahendra Singh Dhoni and Good Luck.
Apples & Strawberries both are red.
music spelled wrong not song
1 John 2:3-11 tells us if we say we are light but hate our brother we are not light but darkness, and are leading people astray. We can no come down on someone for who they are or what they do and follow after Christ. Even Jesus Himself said that He did not come to judge, but to love. People would be judged by wether they followed what He taught or not, but He did not come to judge, He came to give us an example.
When we pay close attention to our feelings, we become aware that all of our anger and pain arise from our own consciousness, our own fears and illusions; while our feelings of love and bliss arise from a place of openness, and surrender to the One. It is our only ourselves, our fearful clinging to the impermanent, that keeps us confined to this physical realm. We must look within, find our fears and limitations, embrace them, heal them, and release them.
Pulls: FCI MS-2 & Simplex T-Bar.
But the man behind me says, "Now then," as if we'd been in the middle of a civilized conversation and been rudely interrupted. And he slides his hands back up under my skirt, just as he had before, although with my panties still around my knees I can't open my legs as far as I would like. There's less teasing this time, though, and soon he's got both hands rubbing, kneading, pulling on my pussy lips, spreading me open and teasing my slit, and I'm panting and moaning and writhing and wanting wanting wanting his fingers back in me, god why won't he fuck me, I need something inside me, and you. Your hands, your fingers, join his, but from the front, and now there are four hands on me and I am making noise and there are no extra hands to stifle my voice now and I'm dizzy and on tiptoes and you sink your fingers deep into my cunt and it's like an electric current shoots through my whole body, the hair on the top of my head practically stands on end it's so good and my toes curl and you kiss me hard and sweet, the heel of your other hand grinding against my clit, and the other man is groping my ass, reaching around front to roll and twist my nipples, sinking his teeth into the nape of my neck…and then. And then. With the same hands, obviously, that he thrashed me with earlier, he gently pries apart my ass cheeks (which makes me arch my back, some primal instinct telling my body to open up and get fucked like a good girl, like a bad girl, like no kind of girl at all, like a woman), and begins to circle my asshole with his thumb. So slowly. It makes. Me. Crazy. Goddammit it makes me throw my head back and groan. You still have your fingers in my pussy and you aren't pounding into me, you are probing me the same way your tongue probes me when you kiss me, like there's no part of me you don't want to know, you want to see it all, touch it all, you want me laid open to you as if I was a particularly rare specimen and you were the world's foremost expert, and oh, god, what you do to me, you're doing that thing you do, I don't know if it's my g-spot or something else but I know no one ever found it before you, and I'm coming – and right then, he slides into me the tiniest bit, and one of you must have lube because his finger is wet, and each stroke goes a little bit farther into my ass, and it seems so simple – a finger in my ass, fingers in my pussy – that it's just silly that I've never had this done to me before, but I haven't and I've always wanted to and in and in and in until he can't push any farther, he's got his finger in me to the hilt, and it suddenly occurs to me, of course: You know that this is a fantasy of mine. Why didn't I recognize it earlier?
And Madeline Kahn?
"Karzai remained unconvinced. "I would like to have an end to these nighttime raids in Afghan homes no matter how effective they are in the sense of the military in the United States or in NATO."
That was how Larry Munson called Lindsey Scott's 92-yard catch and run when Georgia beat Florida, almost certainly the most remarkable and significant play in Georgia football history. Lindsey ran. A chair broke. The booth came apart. The stadium fell down. Amen. Please turn to page 345 in your hymnal and sing with the choir: "Herschel: My God, A Freshman."
Ian Sutton (English Democrats) 505 (19.4%)
Freeze according to the manufacturer's instructions. With ice cream maker still on, add chocolate chunks & about 2/3 of the oatmeal, and mix to evenly distribute. Pack the ice cream into a plastic container, and press a sheet of plastic wrap directly onto the surface of the ice cream. Close with an airtight lid, and freeze the ice cream until firm, about 4 hours. Use remaining 1/3 of oatmeal for sprinkling on served ice cream, if desired.
Look here, at a scientologists son who was labeled with "undiagnosed autism" after his death, John Tavolta's son Jett. Notice, he did not die of autism. He died of a SEIZURE. Although autism and seizures are frequently intertwined, autism is diagnosed by BEHAVIORS. Other than genetic maladaptions of the brain that cause those behaviors like Fragile X, Neurofibramatosis, Tuberous Sclerosis, or poisoning in utero by the drug used for epilepsy known as valproic acid , or by a virus, the mother's contraction of Rubella while pregnant....there is a whole lot of diagnosis going on that is "shadow syndromes" that make a lot of people a lot of money.
And I guess, that’s why looking back it was so easy when Martin and I liked all the same things. We had that part down. Other men I’m finding it to be a lot harder to mesh. I really didn’t want to have to watch TV every night and when I did I didn’t want to watch war, action, horror, or otherwise suspenseful movies. That is just me. I’m not going to change. And that is what he wanted to do, all the time. That is how he relaxed. And what he needed. It was a fundamental difference and one I knew wouldn’t change.
So you can see, Jim, where this might be cause for concern.
i thought he just didn't understand. the thing is, he didn't even want to try and understand. and i was too lost in it to try and explain to him what was going on.
Me. - I'll pay them to care!!
This year, my son wants Lightning McQueen. My daughter just told me she wants a Hello Kitty cake.
I used the eye stencil a second time and added in a Kanji with a little Copic white. The paper I embossed using some metal texture and then highlighted the raised parts using my PanPastels.
I did give up on one book: Sundiver by David Brin, simply because I wasn’t in the mood for evolved dolphins. Right now, I am back on science fiction, reading a first contact story, Eifelheim, on my Kindle and a time travel story, Time and Again, before bed.
The Lord works out everything according to His own time and in His own way.’…..I have to just remain available
One thing I didn't mention was that after the barrel race last weekend, Spooks had trouble loading and unloading. He was not able to step up or down with his hind feet. He had to kind of hop his butt up and brought both hind feet up at the same time when loading and did the same thing when unloading. That to me is an obvious sign of hip pain. I can tolerate a funky moving horse, but when they are showing obvious signs of pain or discomfort...
For now I’ll enjoy them: rush-seated painted chairs; early gilt frames with bubbled glass; botanical prints; heavy silver forks and light-as-a-feather coin silver spoons; hand-woven rugs and linens. My most recent antiquing trip yielded terrific finds, from a large ironstone pitcher ($16) to a swath of mustard-colored charmeuse silk ($10.)
papers - white card embossed with cuttlebug 'swiss dots/snowdots
Forget what you know about these two flicks. Forget Klaus Kinski completely losing his shit and driving everyone on set nuts with each successive role. Forget Herzog accidentally killing off, like, half of his crew with each movie he made from 1970-1985. Forget the fucking critical acclaim and forget the jungle diseases and forget that episode of Metalocalypse where they go all "Dethcarraldo" on the Amazonian natives.
The only comedian I’ve ever seen do the dad thing well is Hugh Fink. (I’ll include a link to his stuff at the bottom of this piece.)
To add insult to the colossal stupidity and impracticality of this administration’s Rules of Engagement, this inexperienced, inept and horrendously arrogant President and his enablers are engaged in hobbling our military - by purposely abandoning sound military practices in favor of pandering to the enemy. They do this by imposing nonsensical restrictions on our armed forces through the use of Obama’s tool of choice - his ‘failed-every-time-it-has-been-tried’ socialistic ideology.
Imagine if, by some means unknown, the Muslim population of the Netherlands as a fraction of the whole were to halve overnight, from 6% to 3%. This huge change would have no significant effect on the long-term trajectory of Islamization in the country. It would merely delay it by as long as it took it to rise from 3% to 6% in the first place, if one assumes identical growth profiles both times. This period, surely not more than two decades, would be a historical blink of the eye. Delaying the Islamization of a country in this highly unrealistic manner, though hugely beneficial in and of itself, does not represent a solution to the problem. Indeed, it ensures its continuation. As such, the Muslim population of a country seeking to avoid Islamization must be stabilized, and at a level low enough to remove Islam from the public sphere.
A new trailer for the upcoming theatrical Code Geass: Akito The Exiled premiered recently. A side-story to the original series, the OVA takes place during the same time that Lelouch organizes his Black Knights rebellion army. E.U allied nations are on the verge of defeat by the Holy Britannian Empire, until a new squad of young pilots emerge.
1. Employees are not “forced” to work at a specific place
And sometimes in an effort to educate, we highlight our own ignorance. “Not all Asians are Chinese,” the facilitator said. A student was then asked, “Are you offended when someone calls you Chinese?” “No. I am Chinese,” she said. Oops, major fail. (P.S. I am not making this up and I didn’t steal this material from an NBC sitcom — it actually happened in real life.)
At the very heart of the Obamacare case the Supreme Court will hear Monday through Wednesday, March 26 through March 28, is the question of whether the federal government can coerce the states under the threat of withholding funds—in this case for Medicaid.
Ways to get extra entries:
Holding hands.
Eight die at
Santorum says he backs the efforts of the War on Illegal Pornography coalition, which is lobbying Congress, 2012 political candidates and the government to crack down on what it describes as “the growing amount of hardcore pornography available in America.”
So, I added some bling and also Stickled the butterflies. I probably should have heat set the ink or embossed the image before adding the Stickles. It seems that the red ink actually bled slightly once I added the Stickles. I use Stickles a lot, and I've never had a problem with my ink bleeding. But, this might actually be the first time I've used Stickles with colored ink. I normally stamp with Memento, Clearly Better, or Staz-On.
Overall Feeling: 4
It's a start.
5. They can be defeated with a little research.
You can not understand how difficult the job of a teacher is unless you are in the classroom with us. I wish all the politicians, law makers, administrators, etc. would spend time in classrooms every year. Not in a dog and pony show as a special visit. A real classroom in the regular day to day routine. Come and see what we really do all the time.
We will find our treasures by wandering, avoiding the big commercial boulevards and the brand boutiques.
She would give me an electric blanket, an ancient heavy feather eiderdown and a hot water bottle in a stripy pillowcase. She was quite tight with her Economy 7 heating, so wanted to make sure I didn't freeze.
The Loosh will not finish the year at this school, probably not even the semester, and for that I admit I'm relieved. French school is an impressive thing. Lucien has a nice group of friends and speaks effortless, accent-less French. People have been kind to us and it's been our most profound cultural experience in Paris. Still, it's not the best place for our son. We need less rigidity, more "hey, anyone have any creative ideas about how to peel Lucien off the ceiling?"
happy birthday to me.
I have a day off from work today and want to make the most of it. My list of jobs are:
means to be alone
On April 18, 2012, Halton District School Board trustees will begin examining and discussing the following strategic goals for its multi-year plan covering the years 2012-2016. Specific measurable targets will be developed for each goal, and subsequent implementation strategies will form the Board’s annual operational plans.
Because I'm nosiy and wunt to know. ;)
New lingo.
1. I absolutely can't stand the cold. It makes me a little crazy. (Not to mention moody.)
CB's Top Tips for Paris:
From education to the environment, those in the know would be able either to push a new administration towards their own fields of opportunity or anticipate the business that new ministers would create. Organisations such as the ANC's PBF, and possibly clones of Britain's Chemistry Club, will be in the pound seats, selling time with those who can sell access to wealth for the people excluded by the current elite.
The part that surprised me the most?! He wanted to sleep over because there was a thunder storm. That was when I realized how badly I was letting guys treat me. I let Troy just fuck me and walk away every time for 6 years. Troy who calls me his friend and tells me he’s only sleeping with me and he likes me. Okay sure. We never do anything but hook up so, where’s the companionship in that? For a girl that you like, you cant even offer her a sleep over? Alright then. Friends, whatever. Fuck off. This was one of the many revelations I’ll be blogging about.
“Whenever you are gathering data, it is a potential business model,” Seaman noted to RT. “You can sell it to the government or privately held security companies and make money over it, so it is a revenue stream.”
Once again, our friends at the Broadway Café put together a very special roast to complement and enhance our tasty Oatmeal stout.
Wow, we seemed to have skipped spring and gone straight to summer. It’s mid-March and in the mid 80s! I love my job but it’s torture to head inside after a lovely lunch break sitting in the sun by the lake, with branches heavy laden with flowers quivering in the breeze. Plus, it’s not getting dark till 7:30pm! I wish I had an outdoor kitchen so I could cook outside. I wonder if we could BBQ on our chimnea! I am such a sun fiend!
Illa negat; placuit quae sit sententia docti
Ballast Point Dorado Double IPA
Cannot utter a word
welcomed to BYOB and enjoy the art. No cover. For questions regarding the Art Night please
According to a police officer, the pitbull ran up behind a 13-year-old boy who was waiting for his school bus. The dog knocked the child to the ground. The dog then climbed on top of the child, who was able to kick the dog and run away.
Next time I heard from him he had hitched a ride with a police officer to a gas station. He ended our conversation abruptly when he saw an associate from his company. I heard him call the gentleman's name over the noise of car's engines, and then he told me he loved me, and he'd check in later.
March 22 @ W+L Showcase, Electric Pickle, Miami
A handmade pointsettia, layered over punched fern fronds is snow tipped with Crystal Ice Stickles. A hinged ring, decorated with ribbon scraps is attached to the bottom corner.
Everyone was gone.
Day 19: Did you have a childhood hide-out? where? Describe it.....
By accepting the FREE gift of eternal life by believing and loving Jesus Christ our transgressions become nothing in the shadow of the glory that God would love to reveal through us. But, it starts with a choice. We have to decide whether or not we will receive Him and His gift. God won’t force anything on you. He simply desires that you take what has already been offered to you. He has offered us so much joy and love and peace that it amazes me. Hebrew 12:2 simply tells us to lay aside every sin that easily besets us and look to Jesus. That’s the key. If we keep our eyes on Him and we follow after Him we’ll find ourselves inherently not sinning.
Don't ask me if I've watched a particular movie,
Admittedly, it's kind of freaky, knowing you can't get groceries, medicines, daily necessities, or WINE (except 711 type stuff) for such a long time. We have buggered off out of Norway every year because of it. Too...claustrophobic, all those days of silence. This year was to be no exception. All sorts of ideas were kicked around, including going to Tunisia or to Jordan to see Petra (still very high on the list.)
As far as I can tell, this argument originates with Gary Habermas’ book Historical Jesus; what appears to be a straightforward summary from a Christian source can be found here. (UPDATE: epologetics seems to be down at the moment; here’s another site. You can also download a podcast of Gary Habermas explaining his argument on the Infidel Guy show.)
After about 2 days, the suspension will separate, leaving the concentrated pandan juice should settle to the bottom and an almost clear liquid on top. Carefully separate the concentrated pandan juice from the top clear liquid by either decanting, or what I find easier, using a turkey baster.
Bloody Eyes Dub
The launch was nothing, compared to the landing
I tell you,
We had another wonderful guest speaker in class on Thursday, so I had to share with you all. Mark Stencel, NPR’s Managing Editor for Digital News talked to us about what makes a good digital story, his work at NPR and the expansion of multimedia journalism.
· An updated version of a signature dessert created by former Clio Pastry Chef Rick Billings (L’Atelier de Joël Robuchon, China Poblano by José Andrés).
-Our doubts are traitors, and make us lose the good we oft might win, by fearing to attempt.
Beds made, pots washed, cleaning done, parcels wrapped, tea prepped.
We brewed an IPA born from boatloads of Maris Otter, Briess two row, Caramel 20, and Munich premium malts. The hops: Columbus, Chinook, Centennial, and Simcoe in the kettle. OG: 19.3 degrees P, if I recall correctly. Planned dry hop: Chinook and Centennial.
1 suspicion
It will be a great time for me to think and to explore my options whilst I’m doing the trek. With no telephone, no internet and no communication to the outside world apart from the people in my group, it’s going to be an interesting learning experience.
Vivek Ranadivé wants to harness the ocean of data in this world. And save civilization.
I’m pretty sure a few of you thought they are confident women (ignoring the obvious of who they are) It has taken me some time to get round to being able to write this blog. It’s a bit like my Boys To Men blog that while the idea is in my head getting it out isn’t always as easy.
3. Who would be your dream collaborator? With whom would you love to work—musician, producer, whatever?
Deputy leader Cllr Colin Mann added: “We are rising to the challenges of the current economic climate and thanks to our sound budget management we are protecting jobs, protecting services and ensuring that Caerphilly County Borough Council is leading the way in Wales once again.” Compare with Labour run RCT
It was not indicated where they have been taken, except that it is a very remote location — offering no chance for escape.
Religions, on the other hand, have every right in the world to define marriage among their membership, along with the propriety of premarital sex, abortion, contraception, and whether it’s OK to put tab A anywhere other than in slot B. It is perfectly fine for a religion to decline, or agree, to celebrate same-sex marriage. In fact, I see it as a clergyperson’s duty to decline to marry any couple, regardless of their sexual identity, who, in the clergyperson’s view, do not have their act together enough to make a good marriage. That’s what spiritual advisers are for!
Update 27th of April 2012: At the end of February the homepage of 3dayz featured a 3 days of action marathon for Yupi. Last week, Ericka Ceballos – who is coordinator of the International Yupi Campaign – contacted us to thank all of our supporters for sending the many protest mails in support of Yupi during that action. She also gave us new email addresses to contact, but that’s not all…!
When my family adopted me, my mother and her side of the family were all filled with glee. Why? Well they're hardcore Irish Americans and any child born on Saint Patrick's Day was meant to be theirs.
These memories have haunted me for many years, but they've been even more present lately because of the powerful “It Gets Better” project that’s sweeping the country thanks to the social media. Believe me: It is very hard to admit that you were once a bully, even if you’ve learned from your mistakes and are sincerely, deeply sorry for your actions. I was a good, smart kid who excelled in school and had friends. I came from a home where I was loved and supported. There was no “after-school special” type of reason for me to behave as I did. I am responsible for my actions—there is no one and nothing to blame for how I treated Terri Jo and Katherine. There is also little in my life that makes me more ashamed than what I did to those girls during those long ago summers. My biggest hope is that they have no memory of me, and that they can’t even conjure up my name or my face in their minds. But in all likelihood, they remember me quite well, and that breaks my heart.
Gazed back, and would not offer one look round.
The simple fact is that most electrical systems and equipment including computers are not shielded to protect against such an event. One critical link, electrical transformers, would quickly be knocked out and would have to be replaced. Since few spare transformers are available, and it can take 12 months to build one, the world might have to wait years to fully recover--and that's assuming it would still be possible to produce new transformers which, after all, take electricity to manufacture. There is also the problem of what state modern civilization might be in if it faced months or years without electricity. Critical systems that pump and purify water and treat sewage, for example, would no longer function.
She thought she’d be safe in the country, but you can’t escape your own nightmares,
Gift Card Drive will run July 1st – September 15th
10. A SUNDAY IN MADRID (6:05)
13. Two Kinds of Right
Adds 70% mastery at max level permanently.
With its paths long and winding.
Houses had thatched roofs, thick straw piled high, with no wood underneath. It was the only place for animals to keep warm, so all the cats and other small animals (mice and bugs) lived in the roof.
(thankfully.)
proven character produces hope." Rom. 5:3-4
The Global Research website was established on the 9th of September 2001, two days before the tragic events of September 11. Barely a few days later, Global Research had become a major news source on the New World Order and Washington’s “war on terrorism”.
“The Lord your God will then make you successful in everything you do. He will give you many children and numerous livestock, and he will cause your fields to produce abundant harvests, for the Lord will again delight in being good to you as he was to your ancestors. The Lord your God will delight in you if you obey his voice and keep the commands and decrees written in this Book of Instruction, and if you turn to the Lord your God with all your heart and soul.”
The Battle of Two Wills:
Aisles and booths of beautiful food await us. We see, we smell, we savor. We select. Into our basket go the freshest most delicious vegetables, herbs, meats, eggs, and fruit. Vivid colors, varied textures, greens, reds, yellows. Ruffly lettuce, smooth duck, geese, and chicken eggs, sleek green and white leeks, pungent chives, cilantro, and parsley, crunchy orange carrots, red chili peppers ripe for heating a tongue, lifting a smile.
That buzz is still with us as we sip our Sunday morning coffee and look out the window at the glorious spring sunshine. As the Ovver Arf and I chill out and field congratulatory phone calls from all and sundry, our 'Little Hendrix' (as he's been dubbed by his bandmates) is still bouncing off the walls like a hyperactive goat that's downed 5 espressos and a truckload of Red Bull. My poor furniture will forever bear the scars of his post-performance enthusiasm as he improvises solos on the cushions with the drummer's battered and discarded sticks. Fortunately, we're more of an IKEA household than guardians of precious family heirlooms.
Yet, at other times He sends afflictions to exercise
A few years have passed since that day my friend called me on the phone. His life has turned around. His financial problems have sorted themselves out. His career has shifted. The two very large problems he was facing at that time have both sorted themselves out.
In my classroom we have a behavior board. It’s a rainbow and each day all the children start on green. If they make good choices all day they might be moved up to blue, or if they are an absolute angel, they move to purple. However, if they don’t listen and make some not-so-good choices, they might have to move to yellow, orange, or red. Chances are if you get to red, I’m also sending you to the office and you’re in major trouble. One day little Susie comes up to me and says, “I didn’t punch anyone in the head. Can I move to blue?”
However, the reports apparently angered senior Iranian officials, and several hours later the Revolutionary Guards denied the story, claiming it was a "big lie published on behalf of the Zionists." According to the announcement, the West has been trying for some time to portray Hezbollah as a 'two-faced organization." Is it possible that Israel will attack Iran and no one will respond? Hmmm....
Play in the band! Do-dee do-dee-do!"
I glanced in the rear view mirror at my beautiful 7 year old daughter and noticed that she was smiling as she looked out the window. Peace and joy were written all over her face. She was shining from the inside out. Nevaeh had conquered something much greater than her fear of the monkey bars....she had decided that if she could not do it, then she would reach out to someone and hold their feet so they would not be afraid and cheer them on.
Tatlin knew this; now so do we.
for the goodness of God.
God’s love is so big that we cannot even imagine it! So deep that we cannot even phantom, so wide that we cannot measure! He is a Just God and His mercy endures forever!
If we all do a little we can help bring so many children home to their forever families.
Broken now healed
So, aside from our alien-of-the-week's plan to use facsimiles of important members of the military and government to take over, they also intend to use window shop dummies. This has got to be the most iconic image in this story and although the scale of the invasion isn't realised to it's full potential, these scenes certainly do scare.
Self portrait. Bluey. The One. Jumeriah. Dubai. 2007
That "solem" and "solum" after some centuries by some so called sound laws were both pronounced "sol" - or would have been if both survived so far - is pretty certain. But two words merging into one is precisely a loss of information. There are sentences where the merger makes for confusion. And that is why "sol from solem" was replaced by a derivative from "soliculum" - literally "little sun" - which is now written "soleil".
The Sheds height is 30ft. with Trimix Flooring. It also has a Overhead Tank. Rent And Deposit are negotiable. The Shed area is 10000 sq/ft. and an office space of 2000 sq/ft. is also available.
I begin my 21-km drive to work every day by passing through the West service road of the South Luzon Expressway. It’s not a long stretch; on a good day I hit Makati in 10-minutes from our little hamlet in Paranaque. But not all days are good days, especially lately.
That dark deep thoroughfare, had Nature lodged
Buy office furniture at affordable prices from any of our retail stores.
What I disliked: The main reason this book gets a 5/10 rating is due to the fact that she takes 185 pages to get to a point, which could’ve taken her 90 pages… But on the other hand, then it wouldn’t be Jane Austen. Also, the ‘romance’ between Catherine and Henry is dodgy… Only in the very last two chapters is there any inclination of even a feeling between the two of them… But then again, that is what makes it so very Jane Austen-ish…
So. Today, let's do something a little different. Let's not have a word as the topic. Let's just use this letter, J. Somehow though, the letter J has been a big part of my life. It's really funny thinking about it. The more I think, the more I realise how much my life has consisted of the letter J.
Bogart reached up and poked me in the seat of my pajamas. A claw stuck in the fabric, and he tried to pull it free. Having learned never to use my own hands to help free a claw, I lowered myself to give him a better angle to release himself. He responded by flopping on his side. My pajamas went with him, and the little bastard lay there purring in my pants. I buttered my toast in shame, defeated by a critter 1/20th of my size.
Anyway, we shopped at Costco and then to Safeway, making a trip home b/w each so we could unload. It was another LONG day and the girls didn't get into bed until 10:30 PST, which is 1:30 our time.
Rather than attempting to map out a strict regime/timetable, I decided to make gradual changes. If you have ever embarked on a New Year’s resolution of getting healthier, and attempted the diet, the exercise regime and the reduced drinking/smoking all at once, you will appreciate the value of baby steps.
On to the meme:
Going live at 9:00AM PST.
olive oil for the pan (about a teaspoon)
Takes on the point of honour to support
Dear RCJ,
There are going to be some very happy people when they receive all the cards and gifts you have made .
* Acupuncture. Many moms-to-be say that acupuncture helps with aches, pains, headaches, morning sickness, fertility, inducing labor, whatever you may need...Toward the end of my pregnancy, Toby was facing forward in my belly--sunny-side up!--but he should have been facing back. My doctor was concerned that I'd have a more difficult labor if he didn't turn himself around. On a friend's recommendation, I went to the wonderful Sharon Yeung at Five Seasons Healing for an acupuncture session, which was incredibly relaxing and soothing. And by next doctor's appointment, Toby had turned!
but being lonely
Speaking of Haiku Monday ..... The theme was SMOKE and Chicory is the winner ....
In short, UCLA isn’t ranked and what worked to beat Oregon on the road was good enough for the worst loss in the crosstown rivalry since they invented the television.
“Nearly half of Nepal’s districts are experiencing food shortages and the humanitarian country team estimates that nearly 2.5 million people face extreme food insecurity, mainly in the Midand far-western hill and mountain regions.” OCHA reported.
I'm dissapointed that Shine On You Crazy Diamond was not on this recording. Unfortunately, I was not at this show and cannot confirm if it was played or not - as I arrived into the Bay Area in 1991. Although a release from the next day by T, shows that it was played (on the 23rd.) Maybe the entire show was too long for the station to broadcast. One thing I will say is that there is a really funky version of Money, and alot of popping on the bass. Very interesting show indeed.
She began playing with the set in earnest during the final quarter of Sunday’s Thunder/Lakers game. As sports fans will tell you, the game was pretty amazing. More incredible was the fact that my dad plopped himself down next to Madison’s hospital and started asking the “doctor” all sorts of fake medical questions.
After you sign up with a user name or password it’s time to link your current information. You’re able to on mint to log into your various accounts at various institutions. Things like bank accounts, credit cards, brokerage accounts, mortgages can all be tracked on one convenient website. **I feel secure doing this with mine because I have looked into it. Please do not hold me liable, do your own research if you feel uneasy about this.
I asked the children to create snowflakes and with a little white paint on a Q-tip, they all went to town! I think it was the novelty of using a Q-tip instead of a paint brush that made them so excited. Every student of mine LOVED this activity.
The workshop, called “Twitter for Seniors,” was led by Shannon Loomis, a public information specialist for the City of Rockville. Loomis guided participants through the social media site, helping them set up accounts, select people to follow and broadcast their first tweets.
For myself I have been thinking a lot about the years of Alex's active addiction and his ongoing recovery. At first it was easy to focus on the millions of my little and big mistakes and how those must have been the trigger to that terrible path for my son and myself. There are no answers to those issues. It is best to leave those mistakes where they are, in the past.
By popular demand, here is the story on Yoda, the new kitten.
04. After Midnight
But the origin of these antitheses need not necessarily go back to a supernatural source of reason: it is sufficient to oppose to it the real genesis of the concepts. This derives from the practical sphere, the sphere of utility; hence the strength of the faith it inspires (one would perish if one did not reason according to this mode of reason; but this is no "proof" of what it asserts).
Unfortunately, the founder of the blog Robert Guskind, who some have referred to as the "Brooklyn Blogfather" passed away a few weeks ago on March 4th. As I wrote in comments on other blogs I never met him but I enjoyed Gowanus Lounge and am happy that his loved ones are continuing the site.
graham, parker, jake's head and jack
We live in a Christian, Bible saturated culture which seems to represent a people who think they know a lot about God, but in reality are ignorant of theology. We are quick to boast about what we don’t know when we say, “I’m no theologian.” “Christianity is a relationship, not a religion.” and, ”I’m not religious. But I am spiritual.” In essence, what we are really saying is, “I just want to assure you that I am only nominally informed about Christianity. I’m not any threat to you. Now let me tell you about Jesus.”
An hour later, they took me back and nurse #1 tried to get the blood she needed...Epic Fail. My arm still hurts from that one. Nuse #2 tried to get the blood she needed from the other arm...after a little bit of digging, she got what she needed...that arm still hurts too. I am a little bruised from them, but the test is done...Now I just pray that I don't have to go do the 3 hour one! :)
It should’ve been Chris Brwon ft Chipmink….. but i leave it up to u to decide
To form a government needed 151 MPs.
I have to put "tantrums" in quotes because they're truly just about 30 seconds of screaming and crying - not bad by toddler tantrum standards. I'm responding by getting physically accessible to her (getting down on her level, holding her, etc.), using very very short sentences to empathize with her ("Play with stove! I know! Fun stove buttons!"), then waiting for her to calm down a little and redirecting with an explanation as appropriate ("No stove. Stove hot - ow! Look! Phone buttons!"). It's roughly based on the Happiest Toddler On The Block book, and thus far it seems to be working alright. I like that I take the time to empathize and be emotionally available for her without compromising my position or authority. Do I have any idea if this is more effective than any other approach? Nope. Do I have the patience to do this every time she doesn't get her way? Absolutely not. My other tactic is to ignore her, which I do when I feel like screaming right back at her. But I'm trying. I'm also getting better at seeing a conflict before it happens and heading it off.
On a brighter note, here are some of the shiny, pretty things that caught my eye:
. The latter was later covered by The Melvins. Or, as Mark Arm humorously described from the stage at the 2008 Green River reformation "We wrote this song in 1984, it was just a demo tape we passed along. The Melvins later, in Led Zeppelin-like fashion, recorded the song and credited it to themselves -- making us the Willie Dixon of grunge."
Riddle Question: Which month is the best month for a parade?
Unroll dough onto a baking sheet coated with cooking spray; cut into 4 quarters. Pat each quarter into a 6 x 5-inch rectangle. Sprinkle garlic evenly over rectangles. Top each rectangle with 1 cup spinach, 2 onion slices, 1/3 cup mushrooms, and 3 tablespoons cheese. Bring 2 opposite corners to center, pinching points to seal. Bring remaining 2 corners to center, pinching all points together to seal. Bake at 425° for 12 minutes or until golden.
- You're kindly asked to save the image onto your computer first, and if you make a card based on it, please link back to this post.
Happy stepping everyone!
More Midas Earthcote Special Projects:
More later, without a doubt.
Hours: TBD – approx. 10-20 hrs. per week (flexible schedule), 1-3 quarters and/or Summer Quarter
I will say that I really do like the Kindle and wish it had better PDF capabilities. It's lighter weight, and like I said above, the screen is much easier on the eyes than the iPad's. Also, it's cheaper. If you happen to be in a program that assigns a lot of book reading and not a lot of journal articles or scanned PDFs of book excerpts, then the Kindle might be a good thing for you, provided the books you're assigned are available in e-book format. And for pleasure reading, the Kindle is probably the best e-reader on the market. I really liked it, but having it and an iPad was pretty redundant, so I returned it to the store.
South Africa. Okah also plans to call over 100 witnesses in
Over 31.000 people were kept interned until July 1948 - more than three years after the war in Europe had ended.
R - I didn't set it in stone; the stars have dictated that our book must be out by Easter, prior to the end of the world. Talking of which, what was all that nonsense clip art you put on my perfectly good John Barleycorn Christmas card two weeks ago?
That was it!!! It was now 8:50pm. I had ten minutes to get dressed and get there, and there was no way I was gonna miss it! I shot out the door and got there right on 9:00.
They flutter around me
At the very least, I hope my summer job will be able to cover legal fees and maybe someone to do backgrounds, but the 3D art is a bigger issue. However, there’s still hope that I won’t have to postpone the game’s release by over a year to gather funds. The cutscene engine I’m making for Unity reads a text file and basically makes cutscenes like you’d expect from Disgaea or Fire Emblem from it. People who use it don’t even have to bother with coding that part at all, unless they want to alter something.
Which all begs a question.
Jim and Jacquelyn themselves are lovely to chat to over the communal evenings meals, and Jim has his own blog about his experiences in Belize which makes for interesting reading. It’s here if anyone is keen.
When I read the blurb about Hunger Games being challenged, my first thought was at least society is moving along from the Harry Potter books. It then started a train thoughts, mainly about a friend and his mom, a devout Christian, who had her own personal house ban on the Harry Potter books when they first came out. At the time he was a freshman in high school and this ban lasted until his younger brother, who was a 5th grader, asked her point-blank, “Why would we go to hell for reading these books?”
was fitting.
None of it is true. Relationships are hard work. They take time, effort, and compromises. They are amazing some days and shit other days.
Debbie Mihalik Although it is hard to choose only one, I would have to say http://speakwithoutmyvoice.blogspot.com. In my opinion it is just the right mix of words and images. I love Azirca's photography and assemblage art - both of these are areas in which I would like to improve my own skills.
So even though my father is not living at home with my mother any longer and the day-to-day issues of supervision and physical assistance have been eliminated, she still seems to have much on her plate. Not only the visits, but now she is fully in charge of having to take care of everything else as well. The finances, cars, house, etc.
“Felicia.”
This petite of voices is followed by a tap on my shoulder.
The tree in back is an unknown sort but it houses doves and keeps the garden in deep shade.
SOME of the apps you use on a Droid phone are prrtty reliant on location data and internet. If you are like me, you don't really think about this stuff until it doesn't work. And with the Airpad... they don't work!
This may also be experienced as pressure on the crown, as if someone is pushing his/her finger into the center of your head. As I mentioned in #1, I have been experiencing huge downloads of energy through the crown.
….the answer? They print copies ‘to market demand’. A few self-generated orders wait a long time in the print queue. Add in: no marketing = no more demand = no need to print further copies.
The first is the actual launch. Despite having the product ready and ad campaign planned. It costs a substantial amount of money to finance an ad campaign across North America and Europe. You also need to convince retailers to carry your game. With the great game crash fresh in retailer minds. Most retailers remained very guarded and skeptical when it came to stocking games.
I'm thrilled my day job is with Aviva Children's Services in Tucson, Arizona, where I write Life Books for kids in foster care. Life Books are scrapbook biographies, telling a child's story from the beginning to their present circumstance, and involve a lot of research and compassion.
I told the group that I did not expect this result, but would remain observant and open. Howard nodded in agreement. One should always keep in mind, however, that it is wise to be careful what we ask for, for we may truly receive it, and the gift of the genii is never what it seems.
Pooh is the most endearing of them all, though. He is just a pudgy, cuddly, "silly old bear" who wants some Hunny, and is always ready to help others when they need it. A good lead character is proven worthy by his supporting cast. His friends love him so we are inclined to love him, too. Again, this loveableness is appropriate for the audience.
Hello Magnolia lovers!
I wouldn’t hold anything much less my breath, so why would you?
-1 tbsp sesame oil
i should have known better. i should have known when i had to wait at addison for three trains to come before i could squeeze myself on one.
Football and College Bowl season makes its way to Cowboys Stadium in early fall attracting diehard pigskin fanatics for all over to Arlington, where we take football seriously. Not forgetting that for the past two years, the two-time ALCS champs Texas Rangers have brought out-of-town baseball fans to Rangers Ballpark for not one, but two World Series legs!
The emphases didn’t help.
Jonah Hex #91 June 1985
AUSTIN - Three new potential brewers are looking to enter the Austin area within the next couple of years.
"Hey, I've got an idea! This is so good it is better than good. Peeps are gonna love this!"
This show has gone from being revolutionary, to being dry and banal and a matter of weeks. It hooked me on the auditions, but if the show isn’t really about “the voice” what is it about?
Hello and welcome back to our blog. After a busy week of preparations, we welcomed Aunt Liz, Uncle Josh, Faith, Aunt Em, Uncle Andy, and Grandpa Dennis to Dayton for the weekend. What a fun weekend of playtime we enjoyed! It was really nice to have everyone gather around cooking together, chasing various kids, and catching up. Grandpa even brought along a puppy, Keebler, which proved very entertaining especially to Ana. She had great fun dressing it up and carrying it around. Luckily the poor dog survived the ordeal, although it reminds us again of how not quite ready the kids are for furry pets! A dolly dress for puppy Grandpa and the girls Charlie's puppet show gives Ana the giggles Everyone joins in the basketball fun The big day of the play was a rush of dressing everyone and gathering all the last minute details before heading off to church. We were so grateful for all the extra help getting things ready for the day. The kids were not nervous at all to perform, but Mommy worried for everyone. In the end, the kids did great, Mommy enjoyed playing the music for them and then performing with the choir, and we had a good time introducing our family around at the church Christmas party following service. We are so proud of both Charlie and Ana! While Christmas is still several days away, this weekend was a big part of our holiday as we celebrated the real meaning of the season. Grins with Grandpa before church The Tackett girls and Dad This girl always has a little mischief brewing! Mary and Joseph Our little performer Mommy busy at work playing the music for the program Big hugs for Grandpa The Shivers kids seriously LOVE their cupcakes!
Award winners should copy award, tell everyone ten things about themselves and pass the award on.
9 Webster’s Third New International Dictionary, unabridged, 1986, 1508.
Tradition in our house is that every Sunday we enjoy pasta. I make a fresh pot of red sauce, salad and good hearty bread to dip into salt & peppered olive oil. It is delicious and easy.
Newt: I can’t believe I’m losing to Rick Perry!
Next I take the C7 Marker and also feather this in from the side but not quite as far. Keep feathering with both the C5 and C7 Markers until you get the look you want and if the line is a little heavy where the highlight is, feather a little C3 back in.
So my planter has had a pretty rehab stint. Now if I can move a little quicker through the rest of my clutter I’ll be one happy girl. I just have to pause and catch my breath, rest, and get my feet up every 30 minutes or so thanks to this growing little baby boy who is bouncing around inside.
I was misled. Every day I look forward to IKAT and JIPLP. And the title of the November editorial "IP and the moral maze" led me to believe I had an ally, that someone else understood my sometimes-feeling that IP owners have discarded morality in favor of greed and self-righteousness. But it appears I was wrong.As a premise, the editorial set forth the following:We all knew, without any sense of doubt, that
Hill’s Science Diet Light Cat Food, 4 lbs- $9.99
We shall see how this transpires eh?
and serve over rice.
I've invested in a couple of banner ads for SECTOR C on moderately popular review sites and a FB ad that yielded no measurable results. I'll be thinking very carefully about future investments in banner ads for advertising purposes (immediate sales) versus marketing awareness.
Iván Meade - How do you choose and position sculpture/art in the garden?
KIM: But before we get underway, our cameras were out earlier this evening watching the stars arrive. Lets join our man in the crowd, Dr Evil, out on the red carpet and hear what they had to say.
In and around all this, we're coping with a broken dishwasher. Yes, it's completely borked, fixing it would cost as much as buying a new one, BUT here's the thing - it's an integrated dishwasher, so it's going to be damned difficult (and expensive) to replace. It's the landlady's responsibility, but on the other hand, she's not raised the rent in two years.... so frankly, rather than be priced out of the area, I'd rather do dishes by hand. Which we are, and have been doing, for the past several weeks. Coping. Yes, just about. My hands are really clean. Unfortunately, however, it looks like the washer/dryer is on the fritz too. Fortunately, it's just the dryer part... so far. Great timing with winter, but... could be worse. Right? Did I just jinx myself? I probably did.
This is hard-boiled crime fiction, pulp fiction at it's best, with a flavor of old Chicago that recalled to my mind all the stories my Mom and Dad used to tell me. It rings so vivid and true you can smell the bootlegged booze, the old Chicago stockyards, and feel the breeze of the Windy City coming in off of Lake Michigan. I know many of the streets and locations where this novel takes place, and it added an extra dimension to my enjoyment. Mac the Bagman and Crankshaft Jones are a 2-man team of Untouchables, fighting crime in a souped-up, 1933 Graham "Blue Streak" Eight that Mac stole from gangster Slots Lurie. But his "monthly" payments are quite heavy, though, as poor Mac takes a lot of beatings and comes thisclose to death during many a tussle with the wiseguys. But somehow he always manages to bounce back in time to bounce the heads of the bad guys off the sidewalk and a few innocent walls.
I found you.
Here at Farscape we use the three-letter acronym ‘REG’ which stands for Respect, Empathy and Genuineness. In order to build trust, these are three key areas for any aspiring leader to understand and actively make use of.
I'm hoping if I have a stellar system in place,
Would he kill her? Seduce her? Let her go? Or what?
Rick Geary is the foremost practitioner of graphic novel non-fiction — his choice of subject matter, though almost always dark and very often gruesome, is matched well with his sober, “just the facts, ma’m” style that hints at the grimy corners, but never accentuates them in an over the top manner. What you end up with is something far more disturbing, often with a lingering feeling that infects you beyond the last page. He evokes the mood and context of any story, the larger themes and the smaller strands, to bring a full feeling to true crime that views these as far more than isolated incidents, but rather part of a larger thread in the psychological history of mankind.
Name: Felicia
This spring, Jaye Wells released her kick-butt novel RED-HEADED STEPCHILD. Her debut. It was a wonderful moment for a hard-working writer and a great blog friend. (Go Jaye!)
Hop on your electronic horse and share the outrage.
21. Dead Man’s Bones... Made up of actor Ryan Gossling and a friend, Dead Man’s Bones, through their daring amateurism, goes down as the band least likely to of 2009. More surprising than the storyline of an actor succeeding in music is that Gosling transformed his tween turn in the Mickey Mouse Club to that of baritone singer of ghoulish prose.
I got lost in this old world and forgot who I am
First, you should note that I’m not always dark; it’s based on the kinds of drafts that blow through the goddess’ castle. I could be BubblegumBetty next week..
Monday May 7
Do you think trust grows when you get everything you want?
She turned to move something. I shifted in and she was started by my sudden appearance. But she shrugged, clearly too drunk or drugged up to care about what I just did. She started to undress.
As peasant pottery, for plainly it is not
Today marks a wonderful memory...24 years of marriage with my husband, Matt! Of course, it seems like many more, since we dated for over 4 years first. But I feel like it is so incredible in this day to be able to commit to one another for so long, through good times and bad, and still share such an amazing love for one another. It's sad, but I sometimes feel like some couples could benefit more by what Matt and I share, the ability to communicate and support one another so well.
“The LORD bless you and keep you; the LORD make his face to shine upon you and be gracious to you; the LORD lift up his countenanceupon you and give you peace.”
OYNO = On Your Next Order
Life is grand, isn’t it!
Whatever, at least we don’t have to look at her ugly face or her stupid dogs. But when Jack was out there playing later on they dogs started barking at him and he, of course, got scared and started crying. Poor kid.
"My friend" and I had been Friends and Hunting Partners for years. I served as a Pall Bearer (the only non-Law Enforcement) at his funeral. The funeral was held at XXX, Texas where he had served as Assistant Chief of Police for several years before moving to XXX County. After the funeral, the Sheriff & "My friends" Dad gave me his badge, shoulder patch and duty weapon, the one he was shot with. I received the pistol after the trial was held.
April: Ate capsicum, shallots and peas.
Another good thing to remember is to put the word “adult” in front of certain unclear categories such as “adult chick lit.”
“Shall we have a story?” she asked, and went on drawing.
I like the turquoise, but maybe I should go with pretty princess colors for tea parties? How about lots of bold and bright colors with Mary Engelbreit style graphics? Then there’s always zebra stripes. I can make seat cushions to match the colors and the theme.
Fearing the worst for Emma Ms X did everything possible to help her daughter. She traveled from one doctor to another to get help, advice and treatment. Each time the doctors explained to Ms X that Emma’s condition had been caused through VID or Vaccine Induced Disease.
was stamped on w/c paper and was coloured with distress inks.
This little video has been around for a while, but I stumbled across it again yesterday and wanted to share it.
Homosexuality should be seen for what it is: a mental illness in need of treatment. Those whingey liberals who call for the tolerance of all that is wrong, are predictably attacking the cardinal for his refusal to buckle and accept as normal what is blatantly sick.
Okay, let’s talk about Part 2 of Chapter 18 of “Star Wars – Medstar II: Jedi Healer, A Clone Wars Novel” by Michael Reaves and Steve Perry…..
I guess my point really is that we need to be aware of how we are treating our children in public and at home.
When my daughter would trip I would look at her and say, “Don’t you let that ground beat you.” She would smile and get back up. If she ever cried, I knew she was actually hurt. Sometimes falling just startles the kid and how you react will tell them how to react. You can see kids take cues from adults sometimes. If you have ever seen a kid fall, then pause and look around, you know what I am talking about. It is the “should I freak out for attention or go back to playing” look.
Use of the Quadbrent function, along with the two earlier functions, is shown in the screen shots below:
Anyone who knows me knows how easily bored I get, even when creating. I could never be a wholesaler. It is very hard for me to make more than two of anything. I work in very small batches of clay, usually enough to make 2 or 3 pieces from the same color batch, and that's it.
Forever His Servant
Please be a little patient with me for mailing. I have one of the coordinating fobs stitched and assembled to the filling stage, but I've been suffering from tendinitis in my wrist and elbow this week and didn't get any other stitching in. Today is the first day since Sunday that I have almost no pain. After work tonight I'll be putting my nose to the grindstone again and whipping those last two babies out ASAP. :)
The other night, I woke up and got a drink of water from downstairs. When I returned, I found Noah actually cuddling with Boppy. How cute is that?! It made me so happy because for the last couple of months, he has complained about the enormous pillow in our bed but now he will understand. I almost took a picture with my phone so that in the morning, I would have proof that he does have a soft spot for the Boppy! I didn’t and he was very thankful for that.
Classroom
Shh, that’s ok, sweetie, I still love you. Who was it?
It was interesting to watch people do the interactive part. Some people whipped through the photos and got to the end real fast while others couldn’t get out of the program to save their lives! Over all, I got good reviews for the installation. I saw it as a celebration of the aging process, as did most everyone who came through. But some people saw it as death and dying and were frightened or upset or angry about it. One person wrote, “Too old, too soon.”
Last Monday at about 8:00 I got sick. It was like some invisible hand had hit a switch. Fine one moment, sore throat and a bit woozy the next.
In honor of the Egyptian protesters, today’s wallpaper is of Cairo. Photographer Wael Saad writes:
If you or someone you know might be interested in this opportunity please provide the following:
The year is 793 AD. Savage, heathen armies from the north invade Northumberland, for today is the day of the viking, but the night... The night belongs to something else.
Forgetting all I'm lacking
I have had a very busy weekend--full of pure WORK and a few fun chores. I did get out for about an hour today to go to Walmart. I bought 4 big clear plastic bins so I can go back down to the basement and get rid of some cardboard boxes full of stuff that I will put in the clear bins so I can find what I need.
Move to the ends of the earth?
To pay the rent, To pay our share
After P.G.’s school days were over his father found him a position in a bank, which he hated (although it gave him fodder for his novel Psmith in the City). He wrote part time while working at the bank and became a journalist with The Globe in 1902, taking over the comic column from a friend. Before long, he was contributing to Punch, Vanity Fair, Daily Express, and two schoolboys’ magazines. He spent time in Greenwich Village in 1909 and sold two short stories to Cosmopolitan and Collier’s for $500, more than he’d ever earned before. Presumably this convinced him to stay in New York and become a regular contributor to Vanity Fair. In 1915, The Saturday Evening Post serialized Something New and he began collaborating with Guy Bolton and Jerome Kern on musical comedies. The trio would eventually complete 18 shows together (he also collaborated with Kern and Oscar Hammerstein on Show Boat).
Oh and everyone else!
So if you kind of compare the two in a chart, guess what? The publishing paradigm had changed. Amazon was not just an an aggregation of books for publishers, it was not just a distributor it was not just a re-seller - it was a publisher! So was Barnes and Noble.
(512) 473-8801
Jackson and his wife Toquette (?) made pictured above (she's the second from right, and he is in the center) perhaps made one of the more courageous -- and dangerous -- choices during the war -- they allowed their son, Philip (Pete) to become involved, passing film from one place to another.
We've been to the embassy and the Police here but they're not helping issues at all and our flight leaves in less than 3hrs from now but we're having problems settling the hotel bills and the hotel manager won't let us leave until we settle the bills.
Day Two: Police escort Muscle Car 1000 caravan through San Francisco; drive to Yosemite; alfresco dining at historic Awani Hotel
Mozambique and the tropical sea turned to glass. The black silhouetted shapes of fishing dhows crease the mirrored water - their sails sharp like a lions claw or the hooks on a palm frond. Sea and horizon meet at a vaguely discernable point about half way.
A while back we had a guest post from Intern X, on why your querying chances are better than you think, which you can find here:
Edwin Drood
- Must be able to work well with others in team environment.
The flattering princess seams on the pattern
See - one layer cards don't have to be difficult or scary...........
Apparently they started cutting a hole for the floor register, then changed their minds and put it a few inches away instead. I guess they didn't feel that was important to mention to us and just laid the carpet back down . Unfortunately, we didn't discover it until several years later, when we pulled out the nasty carpet.
*How many pairs of flip-flops do you own?
I got an IPad for my birthday...yay. And, I dropped it on the ground while we were moving...boo.
Starting in the late 1600s & throughout the 1700s significant numbers of the poorer proto Afrikaans speaking members of the Cape began to trek out of the Western Cape & inland becoming pastoralists in an attempt at escaping the autocratic rule of the VOC & to find better grazing land. The term Trekboer was used to describe these nomadic frontier folk as they were essentially migrating or trekking farmers who began occupying the northern & eastern Cape frontiers & were already quite distinct from the urbane inhabitants of the Western Cape who were often referred to as the Cape Dutch. Over time the term Trekboer was shortened to Boer to describe the frontier folk who were markedly independence oriented & would later have their first freedom struggle against the Dutch power in 1795.
Being limitless needs a reason:
I did not realize that it had been so long since I have posted. Life has been busy. Spring is here and I have been busy outside as well as lots of weddings & showers to help with. I have finally begun to refinish the big piece of furniture that I purchased. Much bigger project than I thought that it will be. Dale tried to help, but I'm not sure if help is the correct word. At least he tried.
243 ***3. “The Amendments to the Constitution of the United States: A Commentary.” Loyola University of Chicago Law Journal, vol. 23, pp. 631-865 (1992). (Sources: See Item B-6, above. Incorporated in Item B-6, above (1995).)
Thing is, I don’t know if I can start travelling to find any new pieces in the near future, at least not this year anyway; there’s no way that I can afford the fare after all the money I’ve spent over the past few months!
both bands hold down their side of this pop-punk split. ? records put this out, and i'm guessing that it was probably in the early '00s. summer tunes for the summer goons.
2009 Comply Or Die (2nd), Arteea (10th); 2010 Comply Or Die (12th), Piraya (13th), Pablo Du Charmil (Fell 2nd), Madison Du Berlais (Fell 19th), The Package (UR 19th); 2011 Piraya (19th), Or Noir De Somoza (Fell 6th), Comply Or Die (PU bef 29th)
Revenge. It was this thirst that got her out of bed in the morning. It was what got her through the days. It was what rendered her immune to his barbs. HE could not touch her. Nothing could touch her. He’d sensed the change.
It's amazing what we put ourselves through.
Behind the signs on the doors they work and the walls
3 – transparency, accountability in fighting corruption
So after spending all the money Brian had with him on these two sweeties and a home for them, we headed homeward ourselves. When we got home, I washed up the cage while Brian headed to the grocery store to get them some food.
Happy birthday.
The Getting There initiative has a mission to impact the unreached world. They have a map with every unreached people group in their current locations. Every orange dot is a people group that does not even have someone praying for them. That seems as if it should be impossible that they are not even being prayed for, but I know so many people like me just had no idea where to even start.
Days later, when packing to return to Vancouver, I had too much stuff with me so I had to consider what to leave behind.
Well, the time has come to say Chau for now.
With an hour left of cooking, roast the potatoes in a 425 degree oven for about an hour or until tender. Serve the beef tips spooned over the baked potato.
Send me
18 - Arthur H - Négresse blanche
In this connection, the year of 2011 witnessed a number of sectarian events. For instance, on January 25, a suicide bomber struck in the Urdu Bazaar area of Lahore, killing 10 people including a woman and three Policemen. On February 22, a prominent leader of the Shia community was shot dead by the unidentified attackers in the vicinity of Peshawar. On April 3, 51 persons were killed when two suicide bombers blew themselves up outside the shrine of Sufi saint Ahmed Sultan in Dera Ghazi Khan. On July 16, the militants ambushed a bus carrying Sunni Muslims and massacred 10 passengers in Parachinar. On July 28, a prayer leader of Jamia Albadar mosque, Abdul Karim Mengal, was shot dead by unknown activists in Quetta.
As many as 100 high school students walked out of a national journalism conference after an anti-bullying speaker began cursing, attacked the Bible and reportedly called those who refused to listen to his rant “pansy assed.”
I LOOOOOVEE my new foundation. I normally use a sponge to blend, but I can get away with using my fingers to blend and the result is a smooth even finish. The Fit Me needed a sponge for better blending.
So... the Biggest Loser is on tonight, is anyone else watching it?? It definitely gives me motivation! But, I cannot stand that Conda's attitude! Do you know who Im talking about!? I hope she has an attitude ajustment before its over. lol Sorry I just had to throw that out there... ;)
My last words will probably be… ‘Really? I was just getting started.’
Michael DeRienzo, 37, Hoboken, N.J.
My mother gave me the first of the Hornblower series when I was about nine – I didn't understand the nautical terms, but I was still riveted by Forester's moody naval genius Captain Hornblower, leading his usually-outmanned ship against Napoleon time and time again. I was soon so agog over this series that my dad got into it too, culminating in an unforgettable weekend where all of us came down simultaneously with an Armageddon of a stomach flu. My parents and I lay weakly around the living room for three days straight; eating crackers, reading different Hornblower novels, rising periodically to throw up, and coming back unfazed to our books, laughing and reading favorite bits out loud. I've never had so much fun being sick.
I kind of wish a kid would come into my library complaining about bullies and mean girls because I really want to provide a "Life Changing Moment" by handing them this book. But Fetching has already been making its rounds among my library kids (I'm late to the party on this one), so it looks like my thunder has been stolen. But that's ok.
Harry Callahan (1 gelatin silver print, 1959)
Long live PlayStation 3!
Number of candidates by region.
Every breath you exhale is the enchantment of your soul reaching out to me.
As my pre-order goodies came before my punch art class last month I gave my ladies a little treat and gave them a bonus project which incorapted the New Blossom Punch....
Yesterday was my husband's birthday. I had the day planned out to the letter. We were going to rise, I would present Alex with his birthday cards from me, both dogs, the cat, and the 30 or so fish that grace our pond. I would then make him a festive breakfast of pancakes shaped like Mickey Mouse, fry him up some pepper cured bacon, and make him a pot of strong Starbucks French Roast coffee.
Just a little ways down the road, we stopped again. This time the beach was home to statues, which stretched out into the water, walking inwards from the sea, up onto land, and then stretching off along the side.
*Mio Liquid Water Enhancer: I have to be honest here. When I first saw these little grey packs being advertised I made fun of them. Then I realized that they were little flavor shots for your water. I am not always the biggest water drinker and these really do help me to drink more water. Just a squirt in my glass and away I go.
“Oh…” Laughing a little, Bob looked back at the silent Reese. Reese just stared at him, a small frown on his face. Bob wanted to get him to talk for himself, Bob playfully tapping Reese’s knee. “So do you like pancakes Reese?”
Environmental groups and coastal scientists have argued for years that the continued development along the U.S. coast is made easier by this subsidized insurance, and that this policy needs to be overhauled. According to The New York Times, now even some prominent climate change skeptics, like Myron Ebell of the Competitive Enterprise Institute, have joined that chorus. Ebell told the Times, “If people want to build an expensive beach house on the Florida or Carolina coast, they should take their own risk and pay for their own insurance.”
I’ve tried hard to avoid reading other Templar books there’s just too many of them to keep track of what’s out there! So alas, haven’t read Tormud.
Now, don't get me wrong here--I'm bragging about my Kitty, not my sketchy attempts at web-mastering; but, so, if you didn't already know, I hammered-out a daily blog covering Kitty's antics from 2004 to mid 2011. I had fun with it (((hope you can tell))) and the blog had a good run. Even today KittyBLOG holds on to the number one ranking for the Google search term; "kitty blog". As for the search term "cat blog" KittyBLOG is farther down on the list at about number 56.
But the catch-all Session Beer category just baffles me. If it is intended to catch any beer that doesn't fall into the 'normal' low-ABV categories listed above...why have that lower limit? And if it's really about session -- and they have the courage to put low ABV ranges on those other categories -- why an upper limit of 5.1%?
If you can’t tell, I absolutely love photo books. I used to really enjoy scrapbooking and I still have fun with all the scrapbooking crafts, but I have found that making photo books online can be so much cheaper. You don’t have to buy the expensive paper, scissors, stickers or spend so much time hunched over your craft.
The longer you stay in the beach scene,
In the silence of bird-sleeping hours.
Optional: one egg (egg makes it fluffier, no egg will give you a crunchier exterior)
the technobabe.com. The only url for this blog is thetechnobabe.blogspot.com.
“In the end, we couldn’t connect. Not because of different personalities, but because of different visions for our country,” Boehner said in a letter to colleagues. He said Mr. Obama ” is emphatic that taxes have to be raised” and “adamant that we cannot make fundamental changes to our entitlement programs.”
Before getting to the meat, it's interesting to me how everyone (including most reporters, as well as this writer) has struggled to accurately portray this rarified and seldom-viewed judicial disciplinary process. Hardly anyone is familiar with it, so coverage of these events has tended to analogize it with a criminal trial. So, in translation, "examiners" become "prosecutors," "findings of fact" become a "ruling." But this is an administrative procedure governed by its own rules (pdf). I'll admit, I've found myself struggling to wrap my own head around the intricacies and nuance of the process.
I even got a birthday surprise of 18 new tomato plants (18!!!), 6 zucchinni plants, and 12 pepper plants! So far I've worked 6 of the tomatoes in and gifted 2 of them to my mother, the non-gardener who is excited yet scared at the same time, rather like a mother with her first newborn. :) She doesn't know it, but I plan to make her have basil, too. (You can't have all those beautiful tomatoes and no basil to make my favorite summer margherita pasta). When I suggested this to her, she cringed and said she would kill it. I'm going to convince her otherwise.
Price. I missed this part of the discussion on FPN, but part of what bagasse paper lovers really loved about the paper is that it's very inexpensive. This notebook has 100 pages and costs only $3.99!
Racists are a strange bunch. I am sure there are very well to do racists but these tend not to be the ones who are out and proud racists. The racist we see on TV are ignorant, incoherent, knuckle dragging thugs fixated on telling everyone that they are not actually racist and reminding everyone who will listen that they will not tolerate any racists within their organisation and then rolling out the token black racist to show us all that they can not be racist if they have a black racist in their organisation.
White Allowance Key Catch all the Activated Rabbits
Despite the weather we made it through our outdoor session and moved on into the indoors.
shouri akuma is about a girl who lost all her fortune and had to go to a regular school with other students who have extremely colorful characters. There’s also a guy who cross-dresses as a girl and she falls in love with him. The art is gorgeous, lots of humor, romance, and really sweet. if you liked usotsuki lily, you’ll love this.
It was then back to our hotel for final instructions for the evening. Many thanks to Marty Tatman, of the Collegiate FFA team, for his excellent work in organizing this orientation and the countless travel details. It is quite evident that he is an old pro at accomplishing such tasks. The shuttle picks us up at 5:40 a.m. tomorrow, so time to get things packed and some quality shut-eye!
Just think.
I have seen so many abuses against humanity in general that I cannot ignore it. So therefore, I not only am an activist for anti-prohibition, but I have very strong feelings concerning other issues as well. Mountain Top Removal, and strip mining, coal ash and the illness and death as a result of, death penalty issues, prisoners rights issues, "DRUG WAR" Prisoners as well. Human trafficking and Slavery, Civil Rights, Human Rights, Bill of Rights, Constitutional Rights, the list could go on forever. I am in no way qualified to be a politician, nor a lawyer, nor would I ever want to be. I do not want to be put into a position where I can no longer say what I feel is right, but must succumb to the "for the greater good of the people" clause which they use in order to be able to lie to us with a straight face. And since there are so many differing opinions within any given movement of Activists, I feel I should be to try to be a citizen reporter and/or journalist. I can bring the news of the important issues which effect our lives to your laptop, and I may have an occasional opinion on a given subject, but basically I want to give you the information that you need in order to make up your own minds about what you think is right. After all, It's not about what I as a single being wish to have happen. It is about a Democracy which believes in the right of the people to decide for themselves who they want in office and how these laws are carried out. In the end, it is only YOU that can help save our Earth and bring it to peace by petition, voting rights, etc., After all, as Gatewood once said: There are only two ways to win a war. One is politically and the other to take it to the streets.
ZNKBK Blog (znkbkblog.wordpress.com) is a participant in the Amazon Services LLC and Amazon EU Associates Programmes designed to provide a means for sites to earn advertising fees by advertising and linking to amazon.com, amazon.ca, amazon.co.uk, amazon.de, amazon.fr, amazon.it and amazon.es. Certain content that appears on this website comes from Amazon Services LLC and/or Amazon EU. This content is provided “as is” and is subject to change or removal at any time.
2. Put mixture and sausages in a casserole dish and cover with 6 tbsp of the stock. Bake in preheated over at 190C for 15 minutes.
It is easy to try to do everything and be self sufficient. But the
173Death, only death, can break the lasting chain;
Thank you Mom for teaching us that it’s ok to sing, no matter how you sound.
It suddenly dawned on me this morning that I hadn't done anything at all with the ol' blog in a week or so. Today is Valentine's Day, so it makes sense that I would write something about the lady fair that has been the love of my life for most of my life. Also, I'm still kinda pumped after spending Friday night with Lynn and the girls at the Casting Crowns concert in Virginia Beach, so it makes sense that I might write something about that. So... I decided to combine both of those and share my new favorite Casting Crown's song "Angel" from their new album "Come to the Well." (As far as I remember, it's the only song from the new album that they didn't do in the concert! Grrrr...) I could have written this song. OK, I could NOT have actually written the song (because I have no talent), but the song's sentiment and story are mine.
Listen to Wild Stories
I have never met Lindsay Lohan but I know a lady named Lindsey LOWHAND that always reaches down to pick others up. Her name is LOWHAND because she helps run a counseling shelter to help the Lost, Obese, Widowed, Homeless, Addicted, ones with Nightmares, and the Desperate. These are all issues that are close to home with Lindsey.
Chapter 1, Eating Out, provides some basic information on Japanese dining etiquette as well as a list of common Japanese words you would use in a restaurant. You will learn how to say things like "I have allergies" and "Is this raw?" The chapter then describes kaiseki, casual dining, hot pot restaurants, and department store food halls, providing some specific recommendations as well. Within those descriptions, there is additional Japanese terminology. This chapter is a good basic introduction to dining in Japan, and would be useful to you even if you are not travelling to Japan. for example, it will help you better navigate a menu at a Japanese restaurant.
And opening presents.
Here's a funny thing about Brody... I don't know if any of you have babies that are strangely addicted to sweepers of all kinds but... mine is. He got one of those Laugh and Learn vacuums for his birthday and it fast became his favorite toy. He loves to walk around the house pushing his little sweeper. It has 3 different settings on it, music, learning, and one that sounds like a real vacuum. He gets really ticked if it's not on that one. He doesn't mind the other settings if he's sitting down playing but when he's ready to sweep... it better be on sweep sound setting! And if it's turned off (this toy can get pretty annoying!) he gets really ticked.
“Good thing I didn’t ask for gold! God knows what I would have got!”
My doctor looked at me from between my legs and said, "Jenny, there's a problem. We have a lot of bleeding and we can't stop it. I need to get you into an operating room right now." She asked Big Daddy to leave. I remember hearing a splish-splash sound as people moved about the room. Big Daddy told me later, much later, that what I was hearing was the sound of footfalls on a floor covered in blood. Splashable amounts of blood.
17. X The barn owl has not flown away!
=S
Again, these large corporations, some of which pay zero in taxes (like General Electric), are sitting on trillions of dollars and waiting on the sideline and basically holding our economy hostage. As soon as they get their hostage demands met (cut corporate tax rates) they will hire people to work on the projects they have shelved and they will start hiring – both of which will falsely show that a new Republican administration was the reason for the uptick in hiring
Apparently I have been meant to go through some very trying times....UGH! I will not be going into details, but if you could just lift my name up to Jesus in prayer...I would be so grateful. I need my spirit to be calmed or I might implode. Yeah...it's that bad...thanks to some certain people.
Richard Gnolfo ... Michael
MOFO! That's right, this year I'll be participating, so get ready for vegan mayhem come October!
The key pillar of Bush’s plan is to make sure virtual education isn’t just a new option for taxpayer money but a requirement. And several states, like Florida, have already adopted online course requirements. As Idaho Republicans faced a public referendum on their online course requirement rule last summer, Bush arrived in the state to show his support. “Implemented right, you’re going to see rising student achievement,” said Bush, praising Idaho Governor Butch Otter and school superintendent Tom Luna, who was elected with campaign donations from the online-education industry. Bush also claimed that making high school students take online classes would “put Idaho on the map” as a “digital revolution takes hold.” Bush was in Michigan in June to testify for Governor Rick Snyder’s suite of education reform ideas, which include uncapped expansion of virtual schools, and he was back in the state in July to continue to press for reforms.
Grinderman – Palaces of Montezuma (Barry Adamson Remix)
"Even our strongest beer is 90% water, and all of our water comes off the property," Larry Bennett, a spokesman for the brewery, said in an interview with the Bloomberg News Service. "If you contaminate an aquifer, it’s done. There’s nothing you can do about it."
“To Live Dead is to live life wholly for Jesus. To die to self, knowing God will do a greeter work through you. To announce the life of God among those who are unreached.”
Tada. you have a pretty picture! The colours were much more vivid in real life, closer to the picture in the shaving cream. The girls really had fun doing this, Pulling he paper off was such a surprise. When we do this again I’ll make sure we have loads of shaving cream.
Perhaps because I neglected to take any photos aside from this little fellow the blog post didn't stay on the radar, and by the time I photographed even some of the goodies I brought back it already seemed like a dream.
Lord, please, I pray that you abundantly bless our birthmoms that have so unselfishly chosen to say, "Yes" and give life to your most perfect creation, a baby. Our babies. Father God, fill their hearts with your peace knowing that their children are loved and treasured beyond anything imaginable. Amen.
If you have read this blog for more than ..ummm.. one post!! you will realise that Alice in Wonderland is an absolutely huge inspiration for us and in celebration of the film coming out this weekend,
11. Just this morning my Mother in Law was asking me how to do something on her computer and I thought wouldn't lessons with AB Computer training be great for those relatives that are always wanting help with their computer.
This blog series is looking good to me....
* - Our last song together
PS - the speech went really well, though this was definitely the oldest audience I've ever spoken to and, although they were charming and laughed in all the right places, I don't think most of them had a clue what teenage fiction was about or why anyone would bother to write it! Maybe they should read this fabulous piece by one of my blog readers, womagwriter.
The other big event that SAPA put on for sexual assault awareness month was Take Back the Night on April 19. After watching a short documentary on sexual assault, SAPAs and other CMU community members came together for a march from CMU’s campus to a library in downtown Mount Pleasant, Mich. The march protested the fact that women, minorities, homosexuals and even men have to fear walking alone at night because of sexual assault.
The kids were pretty excited to find a treasure in one of J's tough boxes...
**UPDATE** - It appears the "Spreading Wal-Marts" map was the culprit. Let me know if it's not all fixded now.
That's It for me! Thanks for stopping by and hope you have a fabulous weekend.
I spent yesterday exhibiting at the very first Mrs Scoops & Little Miss G's Wedding Fair in Milton Keynes.
Flushed and decided, he assaults at once;
Oh well you know, I'm an old fashioned kind of a guy. And I like the contact. You ladies, you are ladies? You ladies are always so kind.
I think the emotions and experiences of being 8 or 12 or 16 are ingrained in all of us. Ursula Nordstrom, a great children’s editor, once said (and I’m paraphrasing and probably getting this slightly wrong) that she can edit for children because she was a child herself once and hasn’t forgotten a thing. And I think that’s really true on an emotional level. As far as making books feel contemporary, I keep an eye on the kids in my neighborhood, peek into toy stores, watch TV shows aimed at kids…and I do school visits a lot, and always talk to the kids about their lives and their favorite things. I think (at least I hope!) that doing those things keeps my writing feel real on a number of levels.
... I do however, have a very lazy alternative, which is this 10 hour roast chicken... for which I cannot take the credit, it comes from Gwyneth Paltrow and I have blogged about its genius before... and planned correctly you can have an amazing plate of glorious, moist, fall-off-the-bone chicken... you will NOT believe how much tasty juice comes out of one bird... and all you've really done is turned the oven on... oh and get your home-slave to make the vegetables...
Anyone get any good stuff?
As a geothermal hotspot there are many advantages to living here, but the practical problems exist too and they extend past just the one of trying to start a garden.
I obtain a doctor’s note regarding my increased risk of miscarriage and orders of rest. With this in hand, Simon goes to the Tourism Police to ask for another visa extension. It takes three visits; the authority is at first disinclined to give us more than a week, which would be useless. We need three or four weeks.
i started to get scared.
I wanted to figure out a way to make the silhouette shape into a single adhesive sheet, so it could be applied to my canvas smoothly... almost like a sheet of washi tape vinyl. So, here's what I came up with.
I’ve been meeting every Friday with the Novel Manuscript Development Program. We sit in our large office around our large table and we read each other’s work and we talk about each other’s books and we ask each other questions. Sometimes we meander a bit and the value of a discussion is not immediately evident until suddenly we’re all nodding our heads in unison; we have struck on a point that has made things clearer for us all.
7.) National security border protection and immigration policy to allow and screen people that desire to come the US to work, invest and live and be productive. Expanding the current VISA and Citizenship opportunities under strict vetting of the applicants. Including adhering to speaking English competently as our national language.
Anyway, enjoy my Fantasy Basketball section. I’m sure everyone will find it mildy racist and amusing at the same time. But mostly racist…… Or amusing……
his neighbor may have over
I'm doing a low-impact form of exercise
Some author who introduced himself as Muslim threatened participants in the upcoming Eurovision Song Contest in Baku in an article published on Ummanews.ru.
Mr Laxman was caught counting wads of notes that he had accepted from a Tehelka reporter who was posing as an arms dealer in return for hiring the latter’s company to supply hand-held thermal imagers to the Indian Army.
The test could be wrong. My hormones too low, but I feel like I'm about to be royally screwed over.
or your whole life.
In addition to wrestling with all of these decisions, I still need to unpack and wash the newborn clothes, pack away and reorganize some of Miss M's outgrown things, wash the bassinet bedding and bouncy seat cover and get those ready for the new baby, get the baby swing set up, and order various items from the U.S. that we'll need (ie, the stroller converter kit for the carseat) but which we cannot buy here. That may not sound like a lot, but it feels insurmountable lately--especially when the baby presses on my cervix or bladder in weird and uncomfortable ways.
of my meal. Across the table
We’re all born to broken people on their most honest day of living
J. M. Barrie was a Scottish dramatist and writer. When he was a young man he wanted to be a writer, however his family was against it and wanted him to pursue something more serious, such as the ministry. They reached an agreement and he entered the University of Edinburgh to study literature. After moving to London he began writing novels and plays.
45. I Walked With A Zombie
4. Follow me through Networked Blogs (3 entries)
Am I racist? It depends how you define 'racist'. In my experience I have not met one person on this entire planet, in all the countries that I have travelled to who is not racist, according to my definition. I have simply met people who are honest about their 'racism' and people who are in self-rigthteous denial about their 'racism'.
Want to come help with my list? NO? Think I can do it? I think I can. I’ve put it out there onto the Internet so now I HAVE to. :) And I realize no one notices (most of) this stuff when they visit by the way. The majority of these projects aren’t big, they’re just little things that have been driving me a little batty for a long while now.
I laughed out loud when I recalled saying in my review of season 5 that “The only way this MIGHT be remotely good is if she uses her microwave fingers of fail on the bully captains! Whom I am kidding? NOT EVEN THEN!”
2 x coifs as emergency head wear
“Yeah, but what did you do about it?” I raised an eyebrow in challenge.
My son, after eating the paleo way for a few days, came out of the bathroom one morning, announcing that his poop was green. And that, in his opinion, was just sick and wrong. I told him, it was actually quite normal, as he transitioned into this new way of eating. He was a little weirded out at first but took my word for it. :) Good boy.
Did anyone else notice that onions don’t make you cry anymore? I was chopping up a yellow onion yesterday and realized that it’s been years since I cried over onions. I even had the baby sitting next to me while I chopped it up and he didn’t shed any tears! Have they (those people) genetically modified them? They snuck those “seedless”* watermelons into our lives, and now we have things like pluots, the delicious bastard child of a plum and apricot, so why not cry-less onions?
ourselves. In Ireland, people just play music all the time
5 Best Linux Business Intelligence Suites – Smart business decisions come from good data and analysis, and these five Linux business intelligence suites tell you everything you need to know about what’s happening inside your small business.
Mystery
These shortcakes are fantastic. They are light and airy, and have JUST the right amount of chocolate in them….enough to call it a dessert….but not too much that you can’t indulge and have them for breakfast – which is what we did. I whipped up some cream, defrosted some mixed berries….and voila…breakfast. All three of my “boys” were delighted. They were quite the treat.
Next thing we know the car got towed!
That day between the Gita Mandir and the Somnath temple, I understood how it is, that the poor are sensitive to the hunger of other poor people and can share or sacrifice their food for each other. Why women reach out and help other women. Why people who have experienced a problem reach out to help others with that same problem. Why families of the cancer affected support cancer stricken people and why the disabled fight for other disabled.
Anton BRUCKNER (1824-1896)
I hope to bring to the important task facing me, the experience I have gained from more than a decade’s work as a human rights lawyer, an activist, and an NGO Leader.
Speaking of which, during the next few months I'll be working on the 8th book in the series (no title yet), and on the 4th Victoria Square Mystery. (No contract yet--but it's in the works. Best to start now just in case I have to turn it in earlier than I thought.) But honestly, first I'm taking the rest of the month off to do administrative stuff. Like send out bookmarks to independent booksellers (and if you're one and would like some--please ask!), and get my postcards ready for readers and libraries. This effort requires sitting for hours and hours on end sticking down labels and stamps -- usually in front of a TV set with DVDs. Hey, it's a difficult job, but somebody has to do it, right?
Yes, some of the same names are starting to echo, like some wicked horn or a lingering lavway. Is time to turn back on the lights, fete done.
And unless we believe it, and experience that love from God in our hearts, then,
The New Testament authors worked with this same concept of sonship. A careful examination of Rom. 1:3-4 demonstrates that the Son was not merely appointed as the anointed one, but that he was also infused with divine honor: “…the gospel concerning his Son, who was descended from David according to the flesh and was declared to be Son of God with power according to the spirit of holiness by resurrection from the dead, Jesus Christ our Lord…”
Others have brought me food parcels and checked to make sure all is well, thanks Lynette and Gay.
I do want to thank my awesome guest posters last week - each post was so unique and entertaining. I'm so happy to have hosted each one of them!
I'm a fan of Harviestoun beers and was delighted by the choice and quality of the beers on offer. The usual suspects of Bitter and Twisted and Schiehallion were available along with a 4.5% abv cask version of the porter Old Engine Oil, Black Watch IPA, their black lager Shenanigans, a new mild from them and their latest summer offering, Natural Blonde - a 4% light beer. All for £1.59 a pint.
There seem to be two schools of thought on this. The first type is the kind you see on the cover of pulp fiction novels from the 30's-50's.
Probably not as often as I should and that is all I am saying :S
We started by hard wiring the internet wires and cable we knew we would need to have there. We then created a base for the cabinets to be placed on. This was probably the most time consuming part of the project because here we learned about the importance of accurate measuring and keeping things level. Since we were going wall to wall, we also learned that the corners in our house are NOT perfect 90 degree angles, so you have to accommodate for that.
Port authority officials met the first boat with around 225 immigrants as it arrived at the entrance to the port, while coast guard officials then intercepted the second boat carrying around 328 people two miles off the coast.
I've had an annoying sinus infection this past week and I finally broke down and bought the buzz word/item of the damn flu season: the neti-pot. I must admit it is not as disgusting as I thought it would be and there is no pain...just lots of saline pouring out of your nostril. Let's just hope it helps me get over this! I have used about 3 boxes of Kleenex so far...and I can't bake!!
Although two-dimension proposals have considerable intuitive appeal, they do not, unfortunately, seem to coincide with how people's attitudes are in fact organized when we do surveys of public opinion. It is very easy to find people's attitudes polarizing on a Left/Right dimension but nobody has yet managed to show in a satisfactory way any polarization of attitudes on the postulated second dimension (Ray, 1980 & 1982 -- online here and here).
Allegra D or Childrens $2/1
from the other native trees growing around here.
1 teaspoon curry powder
In another segment on the Ordinariate website, Mgr Newton also spoke of the need for his group to find “a more stable financial footing.” Reflecting on the Ordinariate of Our Lady of Walsingham’s successes and future challenges, Mgr Keith Newton also spoke of the need to “put permanent structures in place” and “set up a Pastoral Council which will include members of our laity”. He said that the Ordinariate was a “long term project”, which would need to be effective in responding to those Anglicans who may wish to be received into communion with Rome following July’s General Synod of the Church of England. Mgr Newton added that the Ordinariate’s “most important objective” was to “be an enthusiastic and effective agent of evangelisation.”
As in the words of humanity’s Rosthschild malignancy: “We own you. We will take everything.”
Children who did not specially want it to happen, skating
I found this rare collection of prints that I am thinking of purchasing as a gift to myself for Christmas. Not many people are aware of the dual lives that a few of our most famous presidents lived, and these wonderful prints perfectly illustrate what is great about our heritage here in America.
Whilst Brewdog won't be receiving Christmas cards from, Alcohol Concern, Portman Group, over zealous animal lovers,(although how taxidermy of roadkill is offensive I'll never know) oh & maybe a few Germans, this is a list I'm sure James, Martin & Co. nor the Craft Beer world will lose any sleep over. As long as no-one gets hurt, what's the problem?? It's all good natured with one thing at it's heart, something that James Watt has stressed again & again;
Some eggs I've eaten have crumbly yolks. Not so these ones. The yolks are rich and thick and stay together under pressure.
Some sightseeing, souvenir shopping and a nice dinner completed this trip.
3. Figure Out The Difference
This was part of a series of "safety in the workplace" public-service announcements that ran a couple of years ago, sponsored by WSIB, Canada's combination OSHA and sports-talk radio station.
4 expecting
And helping me to learn
Toss in the pineapple chunks. Heat for 4-5 minutes on high heat.
Mel xx
If your debt includes large amounts for interest charges contact the debt collector and see whether you can pay the original debt and avoid some of the additional interest charges. In most cases, creditors are somewhat limited in the amount of interest they can charge. However, the contract you signed ensured that you agreed to pay off your interest. Suing your creditors can be effective in some circumstances in cases where the court considers the interest rates to be excessive.
Anyways, we'll have a glass of something...mead for me and a stout lager for my hubby which I do find much nicer scented than beer, and talk a bit about tomorrow/Christmas Day. What we'll do....how early do we have to get up to go to his parents, how much crap will we be bringing back home, and how many toys will Ben's mother buy him? (Yes...his mother purchases toys for a 36 year old man. IT.DRIVES.ME.UP.A.WALL. I SOO have a short fuse around the holidays...it's all that extra family time I think. ;) ) Reminisce about how long we've been married as Christmas is our halfway point in the year and we'll argue about the date we got married was it the 24th or the 25th? I can never remember!
Or there could be any number of chemical interactions involved.
SOLD TO UMI
Before you go scrolling through my blog looking for Week 1, there isn't one. I wasn't sure if I wanted to write these posts but now I feel like I do because my weekly training posts keep my accountable.
At U.S. Figure Skating, the Board only runs the show during the year. At the annual business meeting, delegates gather from the skating clubs all over the U.S. to form the Governing Council, which must approve the Board’s work and the next Budget. The Council resolved that the Board would stop spending more than it took in each year and thereby balance the budget…no more deficits funded from the rainy day fund. The rain for that was supposed to be bad weather for the organizarion, not reduced privileges for high mucky-mucks.
He knew everybody wouldn’t think this was a great idea. He knew people would say giving to a guy on the train wasn’t the smartest way to give—that he should give to a homeless shelter instead. But Dichter realized his generosity experiment was about him. If he really wanted to see broken places and people in the world healed, he had to start by being more open himself, being willing to take risks. He was “tired of hiding behind what was smart instead of doing what was right.”
