E6000 (to adhere the faux porcelain flower and ring base)
Weren't these the coolest?! Not only were they colorful and fun, but they were really easy and cheap to make. For a few dollars in embroidery thread, you could create like 10 bracelets and share them with all your friends.
First, I cleaned my kitchen counters. I always do this because icing baffles me, and I don't want to be distracted. I rolled up my sleeves and began to experiment.
Happy Scrapping!!!!!
(doesn't that totally sound like something someone from Texas would say??!?)
Conair Infiniti Pro Folding handle 1875 watt hair dryer $24.99
I’ve been trying to specifically define “good” which has me pretty busy, but I’m pretty sure posting more regularly is “good.”
He is not there but,
McGrew does not have a criminal record in South Carolina, according to the State Law Enforcement Division.
As we enumerate the many important responsibilities a woman has in connection with her duties as a wife, a mother, a homemaker, a sister, a sweetheart, or a good neighbor, it should be evident that these challenging responsibilities can satisfy her need to and skill, which so many seek to satisfy outside the home. It is impossible to estimate the lasting influence for good a woman can have in any of these roles. Let me remind us all of her primary responsibilities.
Beyond anything, it is a simple matter of fairness, and I think the British like fairness very much.
For others, it is Bo Guagua’s freewheeling lifestyle that is controversial. Photos of him at Oxford social events—in one case bare-chested, other times in a tuxedo or fancy dress—have been widely circulated online.
Date of Origin Saturday May 21st, 2011 approx. 02:00 PM
Happy New Year, folks. Let’s keep this thing rolling and start off 2012 undefeated.
Be dedicated. Stick to your values in all circumstances, even in the most difficult situations. Use both love and power together; separating them is unhealthy and ineffective. Reward people in your organization, both for being good people and for accomplishing good goals. Seek God’s guidance for making difficult decisions in loving ways.
1 cataclysms
Yup, we have them too.
“Shall we shake hands, sit down, and talk about ourselves a little?”
From Katy, head West on I-10 to begin your adventure. Ask anyone who has lived in our area for a long time, and they probably have fond memories of time spent on the rivers in the New Braunfels area. The Guadalupe and Comal Rivers offer a refreshing, relaxing escape from a hectic week. Here are some of our favorites places to go and things to do in this part of Texas…
3 yellow banana peppers
Accessories: Papermania - Creative Tones Olivine DP; Card from stash
The (Weird) case of Paula from Gibbon (who was called by Jerome the “Mother-In-Law of God” – I’m not sure what that means exactly – but she dedicated her daughter (did she ask her 1st?) to a convent and got that title):
In case you're wondering, the forty-something secret slider won my internal debate.
Separation anxiety
Last but certainly not least, the peonies are finally about to pop. Some are just barely unfurling...
Or whether Heav’n has doom’d that Shock must fall.”
My pantry now has a box of dunkaroos (the best kind that had the cinnamon graham cookies and vanilla icing with sprinkles) and a box of chocolate teddy grahams that are enticing me at all hours of the day.
But I’ve gotta be bold
This communication, links contained herein, is for the sole use of the intended recipient and may contain information that is confidential or legally protected.
Later, as I started reading fluently in French and German I was glad to be able to borrow books in those languages because then the cost of importing them was prohibitive.
Jackson was standing at the edge of the cliff “Godarnit! a man would have to be a crazy bastard to jump off there” he snapped “Saddle up boys, if they survive they gonna make a break for the border, theres a river crossing ten miles to the south,we can head em off in the desert” He turned back and looked down over the edge at the vast expanse of water far below.
I think it’s safe to say we all have heard the term “damsel in distress” at some point. The term is thrown around all the time and if you’ve read any of my blogs focusing on fiction, you’ll have bumped into it more than once. This character was such a damsel in distress, that character was great because she was so much more than a damsel-in-distress, etc. But what makes a character a damsel in distress? While I was throwing it around so much I realized it’s not always clear to people. On its most basic level, it simple stands for a woman in trouble, but where is the line between an overworked and harmful stereotype and a capable female character who is simply human and needs help every once and awhile? Characters I deem a damsel in distress are, more often than not, much more capable than older, classic damsels in distress like Sleeping Beauty and Snow White who have become the face of the term.
Also, speaking of Babble, did you hear the good news? They got acquired by Disney this week! I'll keep you posted if I hear anything more. I'm excited to be apart of the Babble team and watch it grow!
A Swedish pastor and homeopath named Nils Liljequist also developed the concept of iris-body correlations at roughly the same time but independently of von Peczely’s work. He was the first iridologist to identify the effects of such drugs as iodine and quinine on the iris.
Many thanks to the speakers for their hard work.
This is a strangely good feeling. I sort of wish we'd done it sooner, but maybe there is a bigger cosmic reason why we didn't and that's just ok with me.
The above elements are what all large organizations have – but small organizations can have these as well with the People Plan™ . This is a four-phase process to identify your custom People strategy and then implement People systems to allow your organization achieve its goals. Contact us to learn more.
--onto a ship.
He was napping when she left yesterday and it broke my heart when he woke up and walked around the house calling out and looking for her.
Back in 1989, when Ben was 9, watching him using his first computer—not, as I had imagined, for neatly typed essays and homework, but for living words that dripped, oozed, and swept across, not a clean white page, but a brick wall, a city skyline, a galaxy—I stared, slack-jawed in wonder. As a graduate student in composition studies, I realized I was witnessing some tectonic shift in what we think of as “writing,” but like so many others in our field, I had no way to mobilize this recognition, no way to explore my way into understanding, until I met John.
"They didn't know where they were going, but at one stage Monya saw the home affairs department building through a slit in her blindfold."
I want to Start Over..
Online publishing director Robert Gray, returning from a holiday in the French Alps, said: “It was all pretty desperate. There were European families in Britain for the first time with their children in tears.
I made these fun Rainbow Cupcakes for the kiddies to go with the colourful theme of Holi and they just loved it! Although my niece was a bit apprehensive in the beginning by looking at the violet colour at the top ( she wanted a white cupcake) but eventually she succumbed to its colourful charm and devoured couple of them.
"They’re supposed to be very good. But they can get very large, sorta like lobsters," Fuller said.
Olive oil, 2 table spoons
10. Nuts. Almonds, pistache, cashew, and more. I like nuts: filling, healthy and easy.
Primero is the Spanish word for “First”. Today is the birthday of my Fist-Born Son, Gavin Michael Bozza. Born in the evening at Morristown Memorial Hospital at 10:52 by my favorite OBGYN, ever. Dr. Judy Banks.
d. Before sending notes out, summarize key points into an Executive Summary and include at the top
Retired generals and a former president have weighed in on Vuon’s behalf. Prime Minister Nguyen Tan Dung ordered an investigation, ruling that the eviction was illegal and those who ordered it should be punished. He also encouraged local authorities to renew the family’s land lease.
Arrange the ciabatta slices on a baking tray lined with foil paper and liberally brush the olive oil-garlic mix on both sides.
This week's sketch was inspired by a card I made a few weeks ago for the Verve release. I loved the way it came together, especially the possibility for so many different interpretations of the ribbon/border strip across the horizontal panel. And those hat pins are so hot right now, I thought I'd see what y'all can do with them. If you don't have store bought ones - you can raid your sewing stash and add a few embellishments to a stick pin, or just get creative with your stamps, like Mary did below.
I still have to purchase gifts for my brother and his fiancee. I believe my brother is getting clothes or some Cardinals stuff and Cara is going to get either some bling from Anthro or a gift card. I love that place. I wish I could afford to shop there more often.
His niece, Ana Wright, says her grandparents didn't allow her father to learn Afrikaans. "Spanish lessons cost a lot. My grandfather said he didn't want to waste his money on his children learning a language if they weren't going to use it." Juan Wright chips in: "When my mother and my aunt came here, they couldn't speak any Spanish. When they went to the shops, they had to point at the things they wanted. Our parents wanted us to be Argentinian so that we didn't have to go through that."
Sargeson, though himself far less closeted as a homosexual, regarded Hopkins' difficulties in expressing the true nature of his emotions with considerable interest and respect, and it was - paradoxically - more Sargeson's taste in poetry than his insistence on laconic hardbitten prose which would be dominant in the heterosexual Duggan's later, more baroque prose works ("The Magsman's Miscellany", for instance).
Stamps: Magnolia Fairydust Tilda , JustRite sentiment ● Paper-Basic Grey Cappella ● Dies- Nestabilities circles, scalloped circles, labels nine, Magnolia leaf and swirl ● Punches- Martha Stewart Floral Lace Edger and a corner punch ● Flowers- Roses baby blue 20mm and 10mm, Roses chocolate brown curly wild 35mm and 10mm and Aster daisy ivory ● Glitter ● Buttons- Basic Grey Cappella ● Ribbon ● Big Shot
As you can see the work is not involved. Just back sure you perform the sets back to back and then take an appropriate rest period. It will be tough, but you will save time and build strength and some serious muscle.
A young man leaned against the wall to listen to him, then looked at his watch and started to walk again.
They brought me bitter news to hear and bitter tears to shed.
BLDGBLOG: Which I’m sure someone has suggested.
2010.09.12 Somalia Mogadishu 5 24 Five Somalis are blown to bits when Islamic militia detonate a bomb outside a mosque.
Another idea that is popular which I love is the "cupcakes" in the won ton wrappers - taco cupcakes, lasagna cupcakes and tequila shrimp cupcakes. I totally love these for parties and look forward to making them.
Exterior
-lets go Ziggler chant!
I believe in long runs at night; in sweating off the stresses of a long day one mile at a time.
The Friday milonga was this big rectangular studio shown on the left. It was my favourite venue. The room for the Saturday and Sunday milongas, which was in another building, was just a little too long and narrow, although lovely in other ways, with lots of natural light and a patio outside. The same nice tables and chairs were moved in there, but because of the shape, people tended to congregate in the end where the entrance was and block it a bit, so I found it a little harder to find my dances.
I did their Engagement pictures not too long ago and here is a sneek peek at their groomals. They wanted me to capture his reaction to seeing her in her dress. It was awesome. He ALMOST shed a tear. :) Brianna did look amazing!
We, the Rakyat, wanted our voice heard.
Corley says although she didn’t realize it at the time, FIRST laid a foundation for her future career in engineering. The Air Force Captain credits the organization with introducing her to the world of engineering, and says she appreciates the opportunity she had with FIRST to interact with engineers at such a young age. Through FIRST, Corley also was able to work on significant programs in large corporations, where she learned about the entire lifecycle of a project – from drawing board to operation.
It would be a stretch to claim that there were some kind of direct bloodline from the origins of snapshot photography to Instagram. Even the "disruptor" narrative has its limits. Still, we have to organize thought somehow, so for the sake of comparison, let's look at the problems Eastman was trying to solve and the problems Systrom wanted to solve (knowing full well that it's all really about money).
In this coming judgment against MONEY, God is not asking us all to quit our jobs, give away our bank accounts, and live solely through faith. But, many of us will lose our jobs and watch our savings disappear seemingly overnight. The point of this next crisis is to change our hearts – so that we work for God, not for money. So we look to God to provide food, clothing, health, security, happiness, salvation – and not rely on Money for what only God can truly give.
I’m glad it was such a success for everyone involved. I’m not actually sure who all was involved, though. Especially since it was a mass of “what had been,” when we finally got in.
Where we live, in Southwestern Ohio, one of the most haunted cities in the area is Cincinnati, Ohio. Here’s a sampling of some haunted spots in that fair city.
“I, Robot,” Eando Binder, 1938 – The confession of the robot, Adam Link. He tells of his creation by Dr. Charles Link a few weeks prior. Dr. Link had educated Adam quickly, and Adam has learned how to talk, walk, and behave in a human manner (perform human). When the robot is fully finished and named, it states that it desires to serve humans. But a Dr. Link is killed in an accident, and the housekeeper accuses Adam and armed men attempt to arrest him. In the process, they kill Dr. Link’s dog, who had always been affectionate to Adam, and provoke Adam by refusing to listen to him. Adam eventually finds a copy of Frankenstein which Dr. Link had hidden and comes to understand why humanity can’t accept him. He decides that further confrontation is pointless, writes a confession, and shuts down.
A pair of hands massaged my back with some of the crème that had been applied to my boobs. The hands worked their way down until they came to my bum. One finger started to spread some form of lubricant around my hole. Then the finger was inserted up my arse. After a few stokes it was removed and another cock started to press its way in.
We like the image of a gracious God but what do we do with an angry God? If God is a god of justice as well as of mercy do we not need to acknowledge God’s anger at times? How do we instill in people a healthy ‘fear of the Lord’?
Put them through a wash to fray all the edges then try them on. After trying mine on, I think the jeans I used were too baggy in the leg to begin with so they don't really give the look I want. Would be much better with skinny jeans! I still quite like them though. I think I'm going to cut more slashes a bit higher up, they start too far down my leg so the top and bottom are out of proportion. I'm funny about things like that haha. All in all I'd say these jeans were a success, even if they turned out differently to how I imagined they would!
6" sq card blank Paper Mania
Oh, they are too savvy to join the Klan. They would not be seen with the identifiable bigots, limited in many white folks’ mind to seven or eight toothless inbreds from some back holler in Snake’s Navel Alabama, but they will work tirelessly to make certain that the status quo is protected. A status quo that has white supremacy as its guiding principal. Don’t believe me? Take a gander at any policy making group in America, the ones that make decisions about everything from how much we pay for a mortgage to who gets to attend what college and tell me what color the majority of them are?
Follow these instructions instead:
But I feel sad for them, the mean ones. They hurt themselves. They miss the beauty. They find the ugly. They are their own worst enemy. We don't need to be their enemies too. They have enough of those when they look in the mirror.
to close-clasp mine
Let’s face it, even something like a paper cut, would wear you down if the pain never, ever stopped, and was with you for years.
I was especially disturbed when Robbie started asking personal questions. Especially when the state of the cherry question came up again. I couldn’t go through another ANTM cycle again at this point. This one had to be nipped in the bud.
Messing K. Women’s occupational health: a critical review and discussion of current issues. Women Health 1997; 25: 39-68.
In other news, security measures have recently been beefed up around U.S. airports because of “concerns… that terrorists will ingest explosives and try to detonate them on a commercial flight.” But rest easy, folks; Obama gave the order to kill Bin Laden so the war is over.
Not visible the alpaca/silk fiber from Alpacas of Wildcat Hollow, dye color card, and a turkish spindles, lots of door prize fibers, and some fiber I bought. And a cool t-shirt I'll need to model some time.
“The affirmation of one’s essential being, in spite of desires and anxieties, creates joy…make it your business to learn how to feel joy…not the joy that is of fulfilled desires–joy is a severe matter, it is the happiness of the soul lifted above every circumstance…joy is the emotional expression of the courageous YES to one’s own true being…” (pg 14)
Nearly every parent, at some point in his or her child’s pre-adolescent life will come into contact with a party entertainer. They will certainly have attended more than one party supervised by an entertainer, and perhaps even hired a few to run their own children’s parties. I know I have. And I have always wondered how they operate, how they got started in the business and really, how their minds work. Because the kind of energy needed to entertain a group of kids is hard to come by.
In an interview with Danish weekly Weekendavisen, Finkielkraut said that: “Racism is the only thing that can still arouse anger among the intellectuals, the journalists and people in the entertainment business, in other words, the elites. Culture and religion have collapsed, only anti-racism is left. And it functions like an intolerant and inhumane idolatry.” “A leader from one of the organizations against racism had the nerve to refer to the actions of the police in the Parisian suburbs as ‘ethnic cleansing.’ That kind of expression used about the French situation indicates a deliberate manipulation of the language. Unfortunately, these insane lies have convinced the public that the destruction in the suburbs should be viewed as a protest against exclusion and racism.” “I think that the lofty idea of ‘the war on racism’ is gradually turning into a hideously false ideology. And this anti-racism will be for the 21st century what communism was for the 20th century: A source of violence.”
Then there was the fire! My dog work me up at about 3.00am by barking loudly. I looked out the back window to discover my garage was on fire. The first thing I did was call out for my second son to help out while I called the fire brigade. He was out of bed in a flash and had actually put the fire out before the fire engine arrived. He is great in an emergency and I was very grateful for that.
Hollywood has its Romance movie stoners who get high off of the BS they sell with romance. The problem with American romance films is that they really do set real everyday men up for a lot of heartache and hurt and they also continue to make women believe a lie as well. In these movies the man is always mostly the vulnerable one. The basis for most of these movies is some guy who is trying to get a girl is going above and beyond doing things to win her over and to win her affections. Usually he is portrayed as a sensitive, overly nice guy who does all of these romantic gestures without even really having some sort of confirmation from the woman that she likes him in that way. Usually he is doing all of these things BEFORE hand to win her over and then after the guy gets her all those romantic gestures stop. How assbackwards is that!
To know you are not lost and alone,
The new Style guidelines for the 2011 Great American Beer Festival's competition are out, and once again, there's a clear disconnect on what Session Beer is, isn't, and can be. Or at least...that's what it seems like at first. Lemme 'splain. No, that would take too long. Lemme sum up.
coins. I walked over to the pickle jar, dug down into my
I remember getting sick as a kid -- flu, strep, bronchitis, the usual. All of which meant long mornings at the pediatrician's office that smelled like old vinyl seats, worn-edged board books, and that nose-wrinkling soap you found only where there were doctors. We never said it aloud, but I don't think my mother or I particularly liked that place.
As for the 9% pay increase…Because of the fiscal crisis, no union employees of the Trial Court received the increases to which they were legally entitled under collective bargaining agreements. In 2010, Trial Court union employees were being paid on the same salary schedule as in 2007. In 2011, increases negotiated for court officers and probation officers went into effect. They received an increase which was consistent with the increases negotiated for employees in other state agencies. In addition, the Trial Court retroactively paid salary increases negotiated several years prior for clerical employees.
On 24th March 1873 Britain's first serial killer, Mary Ann Cotton met her maker at the end of William Calcraft's rope. She is believed to have killed 21 people by the means of arsenic poisoning between 1865 and 1872.
Help Sri Lankans Live As One Nation
I've always loved Valentine's Day. I can understand how uncomfortable it must be to be single, as I am now, on a holiday so focused on romantic love. But I always took the opportunity to be a little bit kinder to myself. I also really enjoy handing out candies and making Valentine's cards for my co-workers.
Today we explore another Original Version of a hit record that also spawned an Answer Song.
There is no point to any of this beyond Erdogan becoming the nation’s Beloved Leader, and then sidestepping the legislature. Anti-Government politicians said the debate was “unnecessary” and a “distraction,” while newspapers in opposition to Mr. Erdogan’s government warned of “dictatorship.”
Taslin said, "Keep a very tight rein on your fear. I think I detected an Axtli nearby."
My stash was overflowing and I had to clean it up. I'm sorry to see some of them of for sale but oh well, I need space and also I need the money. So my lost your gain.
And Gellert Grindelwald, once a name of dread,
After a week of being ignored, needing closure I sent him a text that said, “hey, I guess you have changed your mind about me, I’m just needing closure, thanks.” I was shocked when I got a response. His response was “yes, but I would like to talk to you about it, but I can’t now, I’m ‘busy’ at work, I can call you this weekend.”
Just look what happens when animal advocates try and speak up for the sea lions.
I started with the cauliflower soup. This actually sounded quite good — I was excited for the sunchokes, and the black truffle vinaigrette. The picture you see above is the “before” shot; what you see below is after the soup was poured in:
A: We were supposed to be leaving today! However, due to complications caused by the recent snowstorm, we will now be leaving next week.
I’d been brought up by grandparents and parents who had lived through the 30′s with no welfare state. Dad remembers his parents being told to sell their furniture and when they’d run out of that money there might be help! So I didn’t feel right about “lingering on them forever”. I started experimenting with making things to sell, did some reearch and opened a now slightly neglected shop on Folksy. I also did some knitting and crochet for a church group and picked up more tips and ideas. I also loved teaching and with no idea of what I wanted to teach went on an Adult teacher training course and passed. That gave me some confidence back that I could do stuff and be useful. It also helped me to realise that my disability was something I could easily work round. From there I did some free workshops as a volunteer for the Art House Southampton then picked up the odd paid workshop here and there. I also booked myself on a course aimed at those thinking of starting a business and got lots out of that.
02 - Wanderer (04:56)
In addition to her daughter, she is survived by her longtime partner, Gordon H. Price; two sisters, Daphne Stevenson Penttinen and Adelita Stevenson Moore; three sons, Steven, David and Donald Mann; and five grandchildren.
It takes a certain skill set for an employee to be successful at business development. Many credit unions make the mistake of starting a business development program and putting someone in charge of the program that is not suited for the kind of work that business development includes. It is important to have the right people doing business development.
Image courtesy Pinel & Pinel
There are many many more such characters in the group and when we get together, and ride together, that’s what makes it so much fun to do.
Make the Day Special is currrently the only retailer of the Unity Store Kits. Emily says: After years of lusting after stamp ranges available in the US and other countries but pretty impossible to get here I decided to do somethig about it and this Make the Day Special was born. I want to continue to add to the ranges we stock so if there is a range of stamps you 'need' to be able to get hold do tell me so I can see what can be done or if nothing else I can lust over them too!
The two other sequences that were removed included interviews with demonstrators, explaining why they felt they had to take to the streets to defend the right to fair elections.
In the ‘Diamonds’ scene Marilyn dances around, and is carried over the set by her armpits by her male dancers. The long dress would also mean it could be easily stood on and pulled down by mistake. For these reasons the dress had to be made fall-down-proof. It has 2 bodices with lots of bones in the front and back. The whole dress is lined by billiard table felt! The big bow on the back is secured by invisible wires. The dress wraps over on the back and shows its black lining. The bow also has black lining.
After I finished the parasite cleanse, I started taking a very high potency Probiotic and my burning tongue went away. I can now eat almost anything.
This is not the end. Occupy groups are making it clear that these May Day protests will go on for far longer than just May 1–they might even last all month. And, knowing the tactics of the Black Bloc, tonight’s activities will be the worst we’ve seen yet. You can follow live video of the riots as they happen here, again, courtesy of The Blaze.
Come on, son, pull your head
Mom: It’s very real.
Let the season bring beautiful memories that will long outlive me.
We enjoyed so much time outside, which was great for Grace Elizabeth and Eleanor, we even had some time on the beach. We just kept Lucy covered up in the front carrier and she was good to go!
Bananas are good for your heart and nerves: Bananas contain a high dose of potassium - an essential ingredient to keep your heart and nervous system in good shape. Potassium is essential for proper muscle contraction and hence plays an important role in muscle-influenced activities.
books...
If any of you that are going to be in KC for the next two weeks, some places of interest:
Hopping 400m around Hampstead Heath Athletics Track on a Saturday morning seemed like a pretty daft idea but this was a chance to a) meet Michael Palin and b) do something totally random I’ll probably never do again so I was in, and so was Kat. And after all it was only a 20 minute walk up the road.
Elaine became a promoter of my work and began showing up with orders from her sisters and friends at her job. By that time I had begun to sell my wood cutouts. By all accounts, I should have been paying her a commission. Since she was decorating her house with my pieces at no charge however, a commission was a moot point.
My position on the subject: Pro.
Look, I get that most of the past two sentences are sort of pot and kettle comments coming from Kentucky, but when was the last time you saw a grown up in face paint in Rupp Arena, much less Commonwealth Stadium. It just doesn’t happen.
enjoy your day! i'll be back tomorrow for the second moving pictures monday!!!
Tel: +27735045420,
Once you complete your release, you can post it on your Web site as well as distribute it through either a free or paid press release distribution site like www.freepressrelease.com (free) or www.prweb.com (paid).
So what makes the Avocado so special?
Ad's Trace Elliot is still at the doctors so he was playing through the PA. That's no fun in a rehearsal room, but he still managed to make it sound decent.
But wait. There's more. Honey also works on coughs just as well and in some cases better than major labeled cough syrup.
cars and motorcycles,
Robert Alvarez Senior Scholar, Institute for Policy Studies, Washington, D.C. (USA)
Long before you list your book on the site, you should be thinking of a title that will be easy to find in searches. If you have written a work of fiction, this may be harder to do. "A Man Catches a Very Big Whale and Learns about His True Nature" doesn't have the same ring to it as "Moby Dick." But if you write non-fiction books, be sure to write a title that uses keywords that potential readers might use to find your work. For example, instead of a clever title like "Going Fishing," your title should be "101 Ways to Find and Land Freelance Writing Clients." Amazon also allows you to use tags for your listing. Take advantage of these to include search terms that your target audience would use to help them find your book.
Phyllis Diller
The greedy man understands that the greed is because his mother and father were always poor, and they had nothing. Once understanding is reached, thought can change the power of the impulse emotions, and the greedy man can become an altruist instead.
Although it’s not written in this passage, our pastor indicated we should pay attention to what appears to be behind the story that first appears in Genesis 4. The young men made a sacrifice, probably because God instructed the first family to do so. Sacrifice meant shedding of blood. We learn God said without the shedding of blood there is no remission of sin. If our just God rejected Cain’s vegetables, evidence shows the young man didn’t obey the Heavenly Father.
Directions
Garden of Eden: The dwelling place of our first parents, Adam and Eve, before the Fall. Located near Adam-ondi-Ahman and the plains of Olaha Shinehah, which, as everyone knows, are in Missouri.
chco=00BB00
I will not doubt. Well anchored is this faith,
Ultimately we are doing it for ourself.
I think that's the key for me; realizing that God is this amazing source of power and energy, and He's so readily available to all who seek Him. If I can reach that place of understanding that allows me to trust Him fully and completely hand over to Him anything and everything that I struggle with and hold on tight to Him, then I'll continue to feel peace. But the very second that I look down-seeing an empty uterus instead of arms so full-then the enemy will rip away that peace and push me back under the water and I'm back to drowning; struggling to pull myself up out of the water once again instead of just reaching out for the hand that's always there.
Our Sponsor for this challenge is -
“Ma’am, it’s our choicest–”
She left lonely for ever
I suddenly remembered my student days, when a man with a sheepish smile would occasionally be brought into Casualty with his Willy stuck in a milking machine. Well accidents happen, don't they?
#9 Is there anything that has made you unhappy these days?
Most of my jobs have had to do with writing, though. Shame inspired me.
4. Links!
In the 13th episode of Rooftop Prince that aired on May 3, Park Ha (played by Han Ji Min) and Hong Se Na (played by Jung Yumi)’s real mother Mrs. Jang (played by Na Young Hee) appeared again. Accordingly, it’s tipped that the fact that Park Ha and Hong Se Na are sisters will soon be revealed. It’s an important fact that implies their relationship in the Joseon Dynasty period and the present.
Or perhaps Schwartz was murdered for keeping Santou a secret during World War II. So secret the Japanese and the Germans both coveted it. And it’s still secret in 1964, when our story takes place… Even though the Howells own it… And exiled Nazis from South America still want it…
So as well intended as these sanctions are, they almost inevitably backfire and they help the dictators and hurt the people.
When I pulled away from the man’s house that day I pulled away as a dead woman. Death consumed me.
Charnley also tried to facilitate a meeting between Iranian officials and Denel (Pty) Ltd, a South African government-owned defense company in late 2004, according to a fax she allegedly sent an Iranian official.
Albert Lewis of 37 Twin Peaks Lane, Cloverdale disrupted the Widow Johnson's sunday school class at the Saved by Grace Baptist Church in Cloverdale today. Acting upon a dare issued by Forest Blume, a well known sunday school miscreant, Albert chewed mightly to soften the gum while the Widow Johnson spoke of mankind's sinful nature. Then, just as she reached the point in the lesson where she held her hands to the heavens and called on the Holy Spirit to touch the hearts and minds of those in her charge, Albert blew his bubble. Exploding through the silence came a POP which surely shook the foundations of heaven.
I may be wrong, but it that is how it seems to me, what makes you think the same thought didn't occur to those panicking Labour MP's currently lobbying to get the voting age reduced from 18 to 16?
Mark Stephen Carney, 41, Rahway, N.J.
~ Albert Camus
If crisp skin, succulent flesh and the lingering trail of smokiness in every mouthful is your idea of bliss, then Taiwanese-style smoked chicken ($10) is the flavour bomb your tastebuds have been waiting for. The chicken is cooked twice - first steamed and then smoked over a mixture of tea leaves and sugar until the skin takes on a golden glaze and becomes deliciously brittle. Trust us: this stuff is so addictive you’ll be reaching for your next piece before you’ve even finished the first.
The questioner wants to know why a fully understood experience leaves no memory. We are lonely, empty; being conscious of that emptiness, that loneliness, we turn to experience to fill it. We say, “I shall learn from experience; let me fill my mind with experience which destroys loneliness.” Experience does destroy loneliness, but it makes us very superficial. That is what we are always doing; but if we realize that this very want creates loneliness, then loneliness will disappear.
Well after a good 3-4 weeks of waiting, its finally time to give my Stinging nettle, dandelion, juniper berry and honey (note to self...think of a catcher name) beer a try. Unlike most beers I've brewed, I have absolutely no idea how this is going to taste and I'm really hoping I don't end up with 10 bottles of a crappy beer that I end up pouring down the drain....because that's the kind of thing that can make a grown man cry.
My Terrain hexagon-flower quilt is almost almost finished and I'm already thinking about what project to move on to next. I've already resolved that I'm not going to start any new crafts this year, so that narrows it down to finishing off a UFO.
Pure Joy !
Halloween, Thanksgiving, Christmas...Vicki has it covered
You have become real to me,
The only campaign that had any coherence or momentum was anti-Apartheid, although this largely amounted to shouting "Amandla!" at confused West Indians, picketing showings of "Zulu" and frowning at the Rugby Club's "Springboks" fashion range.
The question is, how many brands will be able to replicate this success? Is there a limit to the number of check-ins that people want on their news feed and, if so, how do other restaurants get their piece of the pie? Food for thought… (apologies for the puns, I couldn’t resist!)
How do you feel about spoilers? Do you cup your hands over your ears and start singing, "lalalalalalala I can't hear you," when people start talking about a book you're reading or a movie you haven't seen yet? Or are you one of *gasp* those people who deliberately reads the last page of a book first?
That's the very basics... contact us for details.
I have to admit then during my stint as an egocentric and temperamental art school student I realize that I adored everything about the idea of “Mixed Media”. Mixed Media is a term referring to using different mediums within one work of art. Simple example – pastels and water colors and gauche in one painting. Be it my lack of funds or the looming of my future “green” habits I adored taking the “leftovers”, the “scraps” and creating a final product.
It's quite intricate to find even a single metaphor for this dumb boy's severe psychotic behavior. Or at least how this boy used to impersonate his own persona. His mere name is, or was, indescribably pretentious. His lame actions were damnable just as his lame proclamations were. It was so effortless of him to capture any gullible gobbledygook's attention but one time, unknown inter-universal forces conferred to fracture his earthly teases. It was an opportunity for him to metamorphose his schizoic deeds.
I believe in muses of the arts, but also of science, childcare, computer programming, baking, dog training, and human relationships. It's my strong suspicion that everyone has a muse, and that everyone - somewhere deep inside themselves - knows what they have to do to invite her into their lives. What have you done for your muse lately?
see the link
Tang hoon is a type of noodle that is very suitable to be used as a vegetarian replacement for shark fin. You must soak tang hoon(glass noodle) in room temperature until it become soft before using it. For some natural sweetness I use corn and carrots to make the stock.
May I therefore offer the following points as a form of proposal for the immediate settlement of the Maurice Kirk cases:
In reading fictionalised history it's always difficult to know what's true. Certainly the facts of her life are true. Married at 14 to a 15 year old future king. The diary only covers the period from 1769 to 1771. But it's a fascinating glimpse into this period of world history, and a blessed relief from monsters stalking the streets of Paris.
The tourist scoffed, " I can help you. You should spend more time fishing; and with the proceeds, buy a bigger boat: With the proceeds from the bigger boat you could buy several boats. Eventually you would have a fleet of fishing boats. Instead of selling your catch to a middleman you would sell directly to the processor; eventually opening your own cannery. You would control the product, processing and distribution. You could leave this small coastal fishing village and move to Mexico City, then Los Angeles and eventually New York where you could run your ever-expanding enterprise."
And what’s more grungy, rustic, and delicious than…
Puttin’ on the mask of a man,
Please contact Don Pentecost @ 480-234-0928 or email; visionn2action@yahoo.com. You must have “investor” in the subject line or your message will be deleted.
Year to heaven stood there then in the summer noon
Fun-loving drunks
Why can't I lead like her?
Thu-AM: 1:27, 2600' ~ Green Mt.
240 pages. Index. Bibliography. 9″ x 7″.
I love our little framed print of useful information. Steph found it in an old book and framed it. Just in case you need to calculate the circumference of a circle or British Imperial gallons... hey, you just never know! :)
Some days I’m so angry at their Dad for leaving and not trying. Then moving away and not parenting with me. Why do you get to move on with your new girl and live on the beach and I’m left here to pick up the pieces? How is this fair? Don’t you miss your kids? The answer is no, he doesn’t. People that can’t create bonds don’t miss people. I guess the only thing to do is realize life isn’t fair, people cannot be trusted, and kids need to be taken care of. No one else is going to do it. I wonder if there ever is a day that comes where you stop feeling raw and you feel whole. And you can accept the love of another because maybe it does exist. In 2 years I haven’t believed it does, I don’t feel like tonight is a good night to start. No tonight consists of dirty dishes still in the sink, a rum drink, and a sleeping pill. Gotta be able to get up and do it all over again…I hope with the Nestle morsel of hope I have left that I will look back on these years and say they were worth it.
The bottom line: Trade shows can be a significant commitment of marketing dollars and staff time … finish strong or don’t bother showing up.
FEAR THE LORD- WHAT IT MEANS, AND WHAT IT DOES
My boyfriend, on the other hand, complete opposite. That man can not get close enough sometimes and he will adjust and re-adjust and seriously I can’t breathe. If it was up to him he would cuddle non-stop and lets not even mention how he has to get settled in with his blanket just right on the couch. Death matches can occur if he takes Bears blanket and she takes his. Really?
Brrrrrrrrnnnnnng. Brrrrrrrrnnnnnng.
Both are very noble paths but they will determine how you live the rest of your Christian life. Trusting God or Pleasing God.
**swap 'ale' for 'craft beer' if you like - I'm not getting into that one
It did not please me, either, that the Christians and the princes were driven, urged, and irritated into attacking the Turk and making war on him, before they amended their own ways and lived like true Christians. These two points, or either separately, were enough reason to dissuade from war. For I shall never advise a heathen or a Turk, let alone a Christian, to attack another or begin war. That is nothing else than advising bloodshed and destruction, and it brings no good fortune in the end, as I have written in the book On Soldiers; and it never does any good when one knave punishes another without first becoming good himself.
I simply remember my favorite things
Why focus on Muslim crime?
and yes, once we legally bought those books from Amazon, they became OUR personal property. And as such, we can do with them as we wish. As to Joan’s charge she never got paid for them – BALONEY! I don’t believe that for one minute.
Reaction Paragraph:
The man said, “Without your
Zoee also had her first dance class with her cousin mylee. She has been anxiously awaiting this day for a while. My sis and i searched to find a cute class that just focused on the little girls having fun and nothing to serious or schmancy. All i can say that i could have been the cutest thing i have seen. The teacher was a cute gal, and really good with the girlies. They did all these fun little dances, some twirling, and tumbling. They had perm-grins to say the least.
Charlotte Stebbing-Boulet
Actually this morning I had written a short and bitter post about how I never get nominated for anything but hadn't hit the 'publish' button. It was sitting feeling sorry for itself in the 'draft' section. The amount of twitter blog type people I follow that keep saying "I've been nominated in not 1 but 50 categories!". I was happy for the ones that I like and follow but not for the ones who never blog about anything in particular - you know the album fillers of the blog world. I was beginning to feel a bit dejected and all self pitying like Cinderella - did she really need to go to the ball I mean she had all that cleaning to do?!
(I hate those guys.)
Nangumba is from Nigeria and is pregnant with her sixth child. Nangumba is not a U.S. citizen, nor is her husband.
GLEE will air its winter finale Tuesday, February 21 and all-new episodes return Tuesday, April 10.
KP once the adorned bride of the country is now the easiest target for terrorist activity,planting seeds of anarchy and home to the largest population of displaced people in the country. It is a province of diametrically conflicting facets where development has taken a back seat because drone attacks and military operations trying to weed out terrorists must rip the place apart first. The Northern Province has seen traumatic times in the past decade,from earth quakes,to floods,to mass terror and ensuing military operations. They have killed and been killed a thousand times over to the point where the peaceful stalemate of Kashmir is an enviable situation compared to Pakistan.
But do on-line shops truly provide worth for cash? What variations are there in between buying for footwear on-line and utilizing a conventional bricks and mortar shop.
He is depicted most often with unsheathed sword, the warrior of God and slayer of the Dragon. In Legends of the Madonna, Michael is shown as the angel who announces to Mary her approaching death.
Nobody really knows where they originally come from, but they are now pan-tropical, and also found indoors in temperate homes. Their survival skills are due to small size (2 mm) and multiple queens. That means a queen can hide with her workers in your suitcase, and follow you home to another continent.
Listening.
Although it is located at the centre of a developing city, this site still maintains a sense of the poetic atmosphere of ancient Thăng Long. Thê Húc Bridge and Ngọc Sơn Temple have symbolized Thăng Long–Hà Nội for years.
Back in December of 2010 I injured my knee and found out I had torn the meniscus. The only way to fix it is with surgery. I didn't want to go through it, so I did exercises to strengthen my knee and lived on Tylenol. As the year went on, I was able to do less and less and my quality of life was suffering. Not to mention, it was keeping my family from doing the things they wanted to do, because I couldn't walk much.
“Unaccounted monies, especially large sums held by nationals and entities with a legal presence in the nation, in banks abroad, especially in tax havens or in jurisdictions with a known history of silence about sources of monies, clearly indicate a compromise of the ability of the State to manage its affairs in consonance with what is required from a constitutional perspective,” the court had said.
The ever tolerant and law-abiding Malaysian happily compromised, provided they could have their march. Hundreds of thousands of Malaysians did so without incident.
Ozeri Bath Scale: Amanda R
www.lynetteendicott.com
Thank you once again from the depth of a dream come true here in this blog,
Ron: I love to bet on thoroughbred horses. And, like my visits to the various AAA baseball diamonds around where I live, I like to go to different race tracks. A buddy of mine and I take a trip every year to see a different race track or two. So we’ve been to Canada and Arizona and Kentucky and six or eight other states. My wife likes the little tracks in Arizona—Sonoita, especially.
*Because I just love the first sentence, "I'm knitting a napkin of noodles, because I don't have any yarn." That is just too fun to say.
12 - Open Your Eyes
The magnetic primer was a bit tricky to work with. It's very hard to stir, so I ended up taking it back to the paint store to have them re-shake it for me. After that it went on easily! and cleaning paint brushes with magnetic paint is hard! I totally learned after the first coat to put vinyl gloves on first so I'm not spending hours getting the paint off me from cleaning the brushes!
your old Wolf and your many fans worldwide
After bringing Gretch to my high school’s Operation Snowball weekend in 2008 and 2009, I encouraged her to come to ITI, despite her complete lack of experience with the program. She applied as a volunteer staff member and was accepted as a co-facilitator. I returned as a PALS 1 Advisor (new name, same job) and we had a wonderful week together. We came back in 2010, volunteering for the same roles. During the 2010 camp, Gretch and I helped the girls in Headquarters (formerly known as the A-Team) with scheduling of workshops and other things, and I was encouraged to volunteer for HQ staff for the following year, which I did.
The key features of domestic violence incidents are that the risks for women are higher than for men, women are disproportionately affected by domestic violence incidents, a significant proportion of all violent incidents against women are domestic violence incidents, and domestic violence has the highest percentage of repeat victimisation which counts for the majority of all incidents of domestic violence.
Activity: Visit the Student Involvment Office
I find the Marquis of Granby to be fine if I am bowling along through Soho and need to wet my whistle but for me it would be a stop along the way, not a destination.
Following this we saw Almond Paste - NB not commercial marzipan - being applied to a Christmas Cake before it was toasted golden in a hot oven. The resultant toasty covering and the comparative youth of the cake made for a truly impressive taste and an interesting combination of textures.
**Disclaimer in place for this blog on things said of my opinion…whether you like it or not, I couldn’t give a rats ass; as I see it and feel it.
If you have other websites, Art shows, resources, or companies that will help us all Buy Native this holiday season, please leave them in the comments! Stay tuned for Part 2, where I'll share some amazing Native organizations/causes that would love your holiday support.
Okay....it WAS only a tube and then I knotted the fringe.....but I think it turned out cute! Baby Bee tried to keep it for herself - that silly girl!
“I’m not sure how I can ask it another way. Have you gathered a nurse or two and attempted to direct him – perhaps with hospital security nearby – or did you just ring the police?”
Pryor admits that he has noticed a significant increase in the sport’s popularity, saying: “There’s certainly a lot more people interested in the sport. A lot of people have been to Braehead Clan matches and decided that they fancy having a go at it. I wouldn’t necessarily say that it’s just totally young people, we do get a lot of enquiries from elder people as well. Our average age is well in the low 20s. In fact, we have only got about four players who are over 35 so we are quite a young club compared to a lot of the other recreational teams.
I repotted the faux orchid that I purchased ages ago at Pier One. It originally came in a taupe/brown colored clay pot that I spray painted white during a white-obsessed phase a few years back. During the holidays, I bought a shiny silver pot at Crate & Barrel, but never got around to doing anything with it. I like the bigger size and color of the CB pot and ended up repotting my orchid.
How it Works: Dogs rescued from the pound are microchipped, heartworm tested and vaccinated by a veterinarian. They are also given a basic health check and desexed (if required) and given any additional veterinary treatment to return them to good health.
Sakura Beer is produced using the wild-yeast extracted from cherry blossoms petals, which gives reddish brown color and the distinctive flowery aroma. The bitterness is mild and easy to drink.
Every Friday I will give you 3 tracks that I have been listening to in the week, also love it if people can give me their 3 choices and why. Can be anything you like but thought it would be nice to share one of those things that I love the most.
The company, as part of the Xmas Party entertainment provided raffle prizes and the cost to enter the raffle was nil.. everyone got a ticket.
My Mom was the one who pointed out the little bear in a small, wooden box of various sized bears at the store in Toronto. I couldn't resist. Several of the items were purchased by my step-Dad as a surprise upon my arrival - the rusty pail, the metal washtub, the lamp, and the cake were among them. Isn't that tiny house figurine so cute! The perfect item for on a mantle or shelf!
About an hour and a half later, they began calling names of the stilt performers. They would be taking us into another space in two groups of about fifteen people each. So there were about thirty of us that day, but I knew they were holding two days of auditions, which meant there might be about sixty people going up for those twenty jobs. Not bad odds at all. Especially considering how well the audition went.
We try not to complicate CC with many rules, but we do ask that you please use a CC badge or link back to Camera-Critters in some way. Thank you.
Two, I do remember having to go pee. Now seeing that I don't pee in a jug like most truckers this task required Tug to stumble across the truck stop parking lot at 3 a.m.
(Yaldah Publishing)
"Two years ago, Scarlet awoke in the forest alone, afraid, and without her memory. Lost and confused, her life was a mystery until she met a boy with a familiar voice named Gabriel Archer. Intrigued by his voice, Scarlet immerses herself in Gabriel's life only to stumble upon a secret he's kept hidden from her: His brother. Once Scarlet meets Tristan Archer her life becomes even more muddled. While she's instinctively drawn to Gabriel, she's impossibly drawn to Tristan--and confused out of her mind. Why does Gabriel seem so familiar? Why is she so attracted to Tristan? And why are both brothers convinced she's been cursed to die? Scarlet doesn't have the answers...but the Archer brothers do."
It's an obsession, I tell you.
DHL Air U.K., a unit of the giant German postal company Deutsche Post DHL, also could make a small profit of about €1 million from the system by selling surplus permits corresponding to about 131,000 tons of carbon dioxide.
There is no 2000 Donruss set (I think). EDIT: There is no 1999 or 2000 Donruss set. For comparing sets, we'll have to compare 1998 to 2001.
On Sunday I realized my my daughter-out-law's (she'd be my daughter-in-law, but in Ohio we don't allow that) birthday is Thursday. None of the cards in my current inventory were appropriate (because she wants to be neither a pirate nor a princess, for some reason), so I picked one up at the college bookstore on Monday and brought it home for Old Dog to sign.
Sometimes we crave for past times because it calms us down. Studies have discovered that people who squeeze a day at the spa on their busy weekly schedule are more likely to have lower blood pressure than those who do not seek their guilty pleasures. Caffeine helps prevent the onset of skin cancer by preventing DNA breakdown.
Natural white, like a white wool is actually warmer. If I were working with an antique palette, I'd choose a really pale E40 or W0/W1
It is therefore easy to see why the churches have always fought science and persecuted its devotees. On the other hand, I maintain that the cosmic religious feeling is the strongest and noblest motive for scientific research. Only those who realize the immense efforts and, above all, the devotion without which pioneer work in theoretical science cannot be achieved are able to grasp the strength of the emotion out of which alone such work, remote as it is from the immediate realities of life, can issue. What a deep conviction of the rationality of the universe and what a yearning to understand, were it but a feeble reflection of the mind revealed in this world, Kepler and Newton must have had to enable them to spend years of solitary labor in disentangling the principles of celestial mechanics!
The high-flying loonie may in fact be just the impetus we need to set the stage for building a stronger economy going forward.
Add teriyaki mixture to pineapple mixture and pour over shrimp.
There is serious talk on the streets of Luton in certain circles that "tommy" is and has been, in business with them for some time which is why he has been able to get away with his EDL activities in Luton. I have my contacts who know the real deal about Irish "tommy boy".
As most of you know, I've been dieting and exercising to lose weight. I've lost 28 pounds so far. So while shopping, I decided to try on some capris. Well I went for the usual size 12 and guess what? They were too big. Be still my heart! It can't be! I ran back out to the capri display and picked up a size 10. Went back tot he dressing room and tried them on...they fit and looked wonderful too! OH MY! I'm a 10 again! LOL!
Anyway let me share some photos from a shoot I did recently!
It all begs the question: Why would the IoM try to hide the fact that it receives so much money from the federal government? We’ll get more into that later, but first, check out some of the government organizations from which the IoM receives its money:
I thought it would look nice on my Fake Window in my Living Room.....
They aren’t living to their potential.
This is a calling to all the people who “Trump” (pun intended) my voice. The people who sit upon millions of dollars, who place their money into materialistic nonsense, and who’s voice is masked by greed to step out of their shell and save humanity. Soon, as we have seen it coming for years, the world is about to find itself thrown out of its own arena. The game of life will never be able to be enjoyed again, and this is our last chance to enjoy being human.
Almost two years ago, cam and I decided we needed space. Ok I decided and he ha no choice but to agree. We moved out of our house we had lived together in. He moved into a share house with his siblings, I moved into a small apartment of my own. This apartment happened to be fairly close to Fabio’s house. One night after quite a few drinks at a show, I found myself talking to Fabio about “catching up sometime” (both of us well aware that he wanted sex). I agreed that it might be fun and told him to text me sometime. A couple of weeks later he did. I believe the text said:
You tell me – and for Heaven’s sake, keep an eye on your grammar.
In the four weeks since her guardians’ death, Eulogy Foster has lost everything. Penniless and alone she seeks the help of her estranged brother, Lord Lucien Devlin. But Devlin throws Eulogy onto the streets and the mercy of a passing stranger, Jack Huntley. As Eulogy seeks the truth behind her birth, she is drawn into the world of art and artists, where her morals are challenged and all is deception.
8. BEAUTIFUL SHOW in Indonesia
“We do practice often 10 versus 11, and the kids showed it,” Garcia said. “I thought we did maintain some kind of possession there in the second half, but we needed to create more opportunities. We didn’t and they scored on the set piece, and that’s the way it goes.
In 1827, while managing a flour mill for Aunt Wheeler, in Avon, Conn., I was standing upon one of the wheels, clearing away the ice. A man, not knowing I was in that position, hoisted the gate and turned upon the wheel a full head of water. The wheel started at once, my foot slipped, and I was plunged head foremost over the rim of the wheel into about three feet of water, my weight had drawn my legs out of the wheel, or I would have been drawn under a shaft and crushed to death.”
Please comment with questions you have that you would like me to answer. If you don't help me out and post questions, I'll have to make some up and pretend that people asked me them. Awkward!
With that sad goodbye comes a few "hellos!"
It wasn’t until the 19th century that foreigners first started to examine the region. But most of them were attempting to find other historical sites such as the last Inca capital of Vilcabamba or the nearby Inca city of Choquequirao and had no knowledge of the existence of the city of Machu Picchu. Others came to the area in order to seek their fortunes in natural resources such as rubber, timber and minerals.
Sling Blade (Billy Bob Thornton)
Hi Bubby
Wednesday: Walked the stairs inside my house as it was too cold to go out, accompanied by jumping jacks and other exercise accoutrements. The baby thinks squatting and leg lifts are hilarious, which adds a new incentive to tone.
I’ve completely forgotten about things that used to be engraved into my day. In Tampa, I can barely get out of bed without a giant cup of coffee. Now, I wake up at 5:30am, without an alarm, and bike 100 miles without coffee. My old habits feel like they were a part of me years ago, but it’s only been a week.
As the tour members were on their way out the front door on the way to the airport they planted a dozen or so indigo seeds each. This year will be my 19th year growing indigo and the help from my planting assistants will have a special significance this year as I reflect on how indigo has come to be a significant part of life here.
Spread: 45cm
On Easter Friday we headed to Al Ain and were going to try to get over into Oman and Fossil Valley, go walking and exploring in the hills. Unfortunately S is having problems getting his residency visa stamped in his passport and the immigration officials are sitting on his passport. From previous experience there was no passport control where we were planning to go, but things have changed in 7-8 years, and we had enough problems trying to find the right road in the right direction, let alone the right road without the control post. So we did not manage to go to Oman, but we did drive to Jebel Hafeet. It's a mountain about 1200m high, but you drove up the entire way. 9km of uphill, rather steep at times. S has once cycled it, and I was amazed he even got to the top. I would have been dead before reaching the halfway point..
Label: Biscoito Fino
2. I love purple.
-got a low paying job and moved in with ex-fiance
The assertions “I believe,” “I think,” “I dreamed,” “I yelled,” “I destroyed the opposition” are not arguments for the truth of a position. What is a better procedure for discovering truth is similar to what Sherlock Holmes (JTR’s alter ego) suggests. Find any strange, unique and seemingly inexplicable facts about an event. Then list the possible ways that each of those facts could come into existence in the situation. Define tests for each of the possible explanations and then explore each of them with the goal of making that explanation impossible. Make the weaknesses of each explanation as based on the most reliable facts as possible. The more peculiar the the original fact associated with the problem the more likely this procedure is to yield good results.
Agree with your adversary quickly, while you are on the way with him, lest your adversary deliver you to the judge, the judge hand you over to the officer, and you be thrown into prison. Assuredly, I say to you, you will by no means get out of there till you have paid the last penny. (Matthew 5:25, 26 NKJV)
Bananas are good source of dietary fiber.
Exactly four years ago, I was reading the newspaper and saw a brief article about money stolen from a church's poor box. In my typical fashion, I started asking "why" and "what if," jotted down a few notes, and filed it all away since I was already in the middle of writing a novel. A year later, I had finished that novel and was submitting it and wanted to start a new project. I peeked into my Ideas folder and found the notes I had written a year before. I decided that was the next story I wanted to write.
Arbiter hic igitur sumptus de lite iocosa
Tuesday, May 8th: Join author Katherine Bygrave Howe to discuss her new book, “The House of Velvet and Glass,” at 6:3 p.m. at :Historic Winslow House, 634 Careswell Street.
1/2 cup dried sweetened cranberries
A woman and her children were negotiating the path of chairs and old men and irregular paving as E@L alighted, when one of the children stopped. In awe, his face a picture of wonder and disbelief, he instinctively moved towards E@L as if in a trance, with his right hand forward... he rubbed E@L's belly in a circle two times before his mother dragged him away by his other arm. He must have thought E@L was the Buddha made incarnate. 5555!
Before I tell stories, I think it would be appropriate to use this forum to thank John Hill. John is responsible for making me who I am to an extent. I grew up without a father and he has been very much a father figure to me and I owe him a lifetime of gratitude for giving me some much needed guidance as a young adult. He also gave me an opportunity to become the brewer that I am and for that I am also eternally grateful. Thank you a thousand times Lord Hill. I don't know where I would be were it not for your crazy ass, hair-brained idea to open a brewpub in the early 90's in Indiana.
In the New Covenant, God would step in to prove who He was and what He could do.
8. Vökuró - Björk, Choir & Me
Though I had a deft hand at cold weather cooking and drinking, hot punch, mulled wine, and various toddies just don’t carry the restorative powers that they seem to in the darker months of those places plagued with “four distinct seasons.”
this little ham has been enjoying the SUNSHINE!!!! here are a few iphone pics... having some camera probs.
I miss him so much already. I can’t wait to see him again. He left yesterday morning after as much procrastination we could get away with. I think I’m going to start looking for jobs down there again, and if I can find something awesome, and get a car, then him and I are probably going to get a place together.
- has no prospect for improvement; and
1300 ml water
I have to admit, it does kinda look like it, but I doubt I would've picked up on it had Wertham not pointed it out. Makes you wonder what kind of dirty mind this guy had if he's seeing naked chicks everywhere he looks.
I don't want to tell the kids that Santa won't bring them anything because Mommy needs a new PC. So this will have to wait.
times than I have picked bad boyfriends and believe me that is alot of times!
-Murphy
Preheat oven to 350°. Spray the bottom of a 13″ x 9″ baking pan with cooking spray. Put the bread crumbs in a shallow bowl. Roll each chicken tender in bread crumbs and place it in the bottom of the baking pan. Repeat with the rest of the chicken tenders. You should end up with one layer of chicken tenders very close and cozy in the pan. Sprinkle remaining bread crumbs over the top of the chicken. Put olive oil in a small bowl. With a basting brush, brush the olive oil evenly over the chicken tenders. Bake on center rack of oven for 30 – 35 minutes. At end of baking time, switch the oven to broil. Brown the tops of the chicken for about 5 minutes with the oven door open, keeping a close eye on them so they don’t burn. Remove from oven and serve with desired side dishes and dips.
In*se*cure
everything is made of paper,
o do be quiet and listen
Get hunting for those Easter Eggs!
Land Use/Landmarks: Glenn Kelly and John Hatheway
Have a great night, y'all!
And when the sea level around the world starts to rise, wiping out countries such as Bangladesh and most of the World's major capital cities,may I remind you that a Texan oil man was in was in charge of what was the world's most powerful country from 2000 to 2008!!??
I was blown away by a specific tattoo shown to me by John. Why does this tattoo mean so much? About two years ago I went to see one of my favorite artists perform on my birthday. That artist is William Elliott Whitmore. After the show, a few of the attendees found themselves at a saloon across the street. I was identified by John (then a stranger) who found himself emotionally moved. It being his birthday as well, he saw his favorite musician perform and met his favorite artist. We spent the night drinking whiskey and celebrating our birthdays. This tattoo commemorates that evening with Whitmore's logo of the crow clinching a bottle of booze and a piece of my art. Now, wasn't that a sweet story?
a book and wrote kind things on
We don’t need to go over all of the available information again, it’s enough to remember that May 21, 2011, which was the complete 23rd year of the great tribulation (that began May 21, 1988), was the day that the 7000 years from the flood fell on. And, incredibly, it also happened to be the 17th day of the 2nd month in the Hebrew (or biblical) calendar. By making this connection God locked in that day for the landing spot of the 7000 year period from the flood.
Long story short, once we got inside the store the last thing in the world on our minds was buying a refrigerator. For me it became a matter of surviving the consumerist zombie hordes and for my wife it became about a laptop, X-box video games, and an iPod. The Best Buy staff was very professional and friendly but they had their hands full dealing with the untamed mob. I personally would have blasted a couple of rounds into the ceiling from a Mossberg 500 riot shotgun with a tactical stock to calm down their shark-like feeding frenzy nature.Yeah, that was my Christmas wish list but Santa did not go for it despite my warnings of the pending 2012 doomsday.
'Then he showed me the bullet, said they had taken it out of me and that’s my problem.
-I accept only PAYPAL for payment ^^
the former is a politically planned effort to destabilize this government and cause instability in the Nation.
The Humar throughout the enitre book was uplifting and kept the book light and enjoyable.
And growing
Of all of those, I think dressing up as the Fairy Princess was my absolute favorite, because I made my own crown and wand, and did my own make-up for the very first time. When I look back at the picture I didn't look that great at all (let's face it, who does when they have sweats on under their costume, and I had so much blush on it looks like I'm wearing lipstick on my cheeks), but that day I felt beautiful and had a ton of fun!
We play Scrabble.
Shuts her eyes in fright. Vyasa
Sharp-nosed he was, still fiery-eyed,
One evening I set up a line of jumps to ride big serpentines which means she'd have to change leads over every fence. They were 3'-3'3".
me: you're right, sharks aren't always nice.
First, you'll want to hook up your Kindle to your PC and make sure you have all of your documents backed up on your computer.
Paper: classic white cardstock (Flourishes), colored cardstock
Photographer Nora Herting specializes in portraiture, and poured over boxes and boxes of portraits brought out by BHS photo archivist Julie May.
How to say good bye to my baby, my flesh and blood?! I kissed her fore head so softly and breathed in her hair. I looked into her beautiful eyes told her I loved her so much. Squeezed her and said good bye.
Whisk together the ranch dressing and blue cheese crumbles. Cover and chill.
Note: The painting is Saudade by Brazilian painter José Ferraz de Almeida Júnior, painted in 1899.
and never came back.
Our personalities are ingrained into every fiber of our beings. When I understand I feel TRUE comfort. I do not have to rely on false comforts any longer. The void is instead filled with compassion and love.
Solar Co.’s – The Karnataka state government is planning a 4000 acre solar park in Bijapur district. (The Hindu Business Line)
***Are you wondering why I decided to post these two unrelated stories together??? It's actually midnight now and I'm wondering the same thing myself. I'm worried that this might be a little weak, but here goes...
I'm basically sewing 2 bras (minus all the trimmings), then sewing them together along the bottom and binding the top together.
Next Monday begins American Craft Beer Week". Seven days set aside for lovers of craft beer to "geek on" their favorite beverages while hopefully educating the minds of those who still see beer as just a fizzy - tasteless beverage
Mary clearly doesn’t want Walter to come, but isn’t willing to stand up to Gary and tell him, “No.” She clearly wants Gary to come to the realization on his own that she’s the most important thing in his life.
For the floor I used ribbon and layered it.
Here’s a little something for you….
Now part of the current challenge, I have to admit, is due to the wonderful diversity of the primary/caucus process. If you like the idea of states have the right to do things their own way, this process is for you. Everyone writes their own rules. Some primaries produce delegates. Others do not, and are little more than beauty contests. Some caucuses produce delegates. Some do not. Some primaries and caucuses are open, which mean anyone can be a part. Others required some form of proof that you are of the party you claim to be. Some contests allocate delegates proportionately, while others are winner take all. Some require the delegates chosen to vote for their chosen candidate when the time comes, some release them after a number of rounds, and some place no such limitation on them at all (The entire Pennsylvania delegation will, apparently, go to the convention "Unpledged"). Add to this a cascade of missteps, miscounts, and media manglings, and it really doesn't show off the local-level political process or the candidates too well.
We're a life learning family; radical unschoolers, if you will. For us, this means our children do not go to school and are not required to perform curriculum at home. In other words, we do nothing approximating "school at home", unless the children want to play a "school" game, which I'm just now realizing they haven't for some time. Our children are also not required to sleep at certain times or eat certain things (or forbidden others). They are not punished nor grounded when they make mistakes. They are not forced to do chores. They live with as much freedom as their father and I can afford them in safety, and any difficulties that come up are discussed as a family - and each voice has an equal say.
I have to believe that as she looked at his little face on the day he was born, and saw that he had been born "imperfect" in a society that values perfection, that she STILL loved him, and that she was crushed to have left him on the doorstep of a children's hospital. Afterall, she did leave him AT the hospital, where he could be found and cared for.
Peel the butternut squash, remove the seeds, and cut it into 3/4-inch cubes. You should have about 6 cups. Place the squash on a sheet pan and toss it with the olive oil, 1 teaspoon salt, and 1/2 teaspoon pepper. Roast for 25 to 30 minutes, tossing once, until very tender. Set aside.
Woman: “Yes, I am – you probably noticed that I’m lipreading you, right?”
It's not to say I don't think of that day, I do. Who wouldn't? But I no longer question that day. I allow that day to be what it is and I don't let it define who I am. I don't let it define my daughter's life. Because that's the thing.. I know she died.. I am reminded of it everyday.. but what I want to remember and I want the world to know is that she lived. She lived and she loved and I am thankful everyday for those 7 months and 15 days she was allowed with me.
Needing a little more adventure in your life? Southern Adventures will be offering a couple trips this summer: Kayaking (Saturday, June 9) and Canoeing (Saturday, July 14). If these trips don’t appeal to you, then plan your own. Southern Adventures offers rental equipment for an affordable price to students. Students can rent camping supplies, water sporting gear, and bikes. Resource books, maps, and videos are free for students to use.
I also miss the bread man. He drove his truck down our street once or twice a week. Mom used to buy day old bread and once in a while day old doughnuts. We never ran out of bread even though Mom didn’t drive and couldn’t make a mid-week trip to the market.
Yesterday I made some sea glass pendants with glass I gathered as I thought it would a nice change after all the painting I’ve been doing.
I finally decided to go with the one I found to be the most romantic, with characters I loved and will remember always:
Did you all see that Flourishes is hosting a FUN challenge over on the SCS challenge thread for World Cardmaking Day?? Well, we are and all you need to do is click HERE to see what kind of fun we are cooking up!
What can make a poker web page truly make income? It is not simply in attracting clients with definitely excessive rakebacks. It is mostly within the fun on the adventure. Sure, it could be nice to have some of the cash back again but you may also think about the high quality from the games you play. There would not be any exciting in playing game titles that do provide you with higher rakebacks and other bonuses but place you to sleep anyway because another players aren’t that skillful. You can not be understanding something the following and if something, it’s detrimental to your skill mainly because you are not being challenged adequate.
With animation production by Madhouse, characters you feel for, a SF story with enough meat to satisfy someone looking for a good SF story but at the same time steering away from being just being a vehicle to show off cool gadgets; this show makes it number 5 on my countdown.
Maybe one needs to look at is as if the film version was the version that was meant to exist, and Robert Bloch's novel was just the first step in its natural evolution. Without Bloch, there would be no Psycho, there would be no Norma/Norman/Normal Bates. And as far as being overshadowed by Hitchcock, you could do a lot worse. He was the Master of Suspense.
...........Well these first three months were rather interesting. Check back for the next installment soon!! :)
Today was a bit of a struggle. Actually, struggle is not the right word. Today was a day that had a ‘sad’ undercurrent to it. Today being April 30, 2012 and not May 1, 2012 as this post will indicate. I didn’t start writing this blog til 1am or there abouts and as I haven’t woken up yet — not going to be and all — I can only talk about today even though it’s tomorrow.
You don't need to be fluent in a language to teach your child some basic lessons. Sure, they aren't going to become native speakers by just having a half hour lesson each week of vocabulary, books and games, but it will help! And until your child gets the opportunity to be immersed in the language, your little lessons will increase their brain power which is always a good thing.
The next day the desire to visit the caves was replaced by the desire to just go and lie with the goat man.
“R, really? They treat you like that?”
Both gold rings were molded to look like braided rope with a large an obviously fake diamond mounted on top of each. Imprinted on both fake stones were the same color portraits of a smiling young Elvis Presley looking as if he would begin singing “Love me tender” at any second. Memories of his previous marital disaster caused chills to run down Jack’s spine but seeing the face of Elvis gave him an idea of where last night’s events had to have taken place. At some point, the sleeping lady and he had visited the Graceland-inspired Fast Eddie’s Tropical Chapel of Love, a place catering to the sudden romantic desires of any couple, or larger group, twenty-four hours a day regardless of their state of mind.
longer.
late film-maker Michael Powell, who, in partnership with
Wow! Mind-blowing information… Hmm, well I can give you a sneak peek at Book 2, Gallows at Twilight, if you like. So, next January you can expect –
Nothing drastic, just switch out the window treatment and add in some other color.
Gautama, the maternal grandfather of Hanuman. (from Siva Maha Puranam)
I would think they were ‘Hindus’ too. Many Jewish customs are close to brahmin traditions. There are a few other points and words of similarity. Sumer, Sumeru being one of them.
That is the right mindset.
I thought that was two smart not to pass on to you. Because even if I had these in my yard, I probably wouldn't have thought to bring them in if the power went off!
Turns out that he's one of the people who first helped to reclaim a swampy mess full of homeless encampments in the park and turn it into the wooded, beautiful sanctuary it is today, a place that gives solace to many, even those whose lives have never been touched by loss.
and if you're a bit fed up with my one-post-per-month (or three months, actually) routine - there's a constant stream of consciousness over here.
so i gathered broken crayons, wishbones,
solitude is not lonely.
Here’s the original that was black and grey without any movement. I wanted to practice animating a bitmap using Flash 5. The process involved thinking of each object as a layer. I had to ask myself several questions about what I wanted to accomplish. Did I want the image of the book to change size and color? What type of movement did I want to occur? As I went throughout the tutorials I made note of the instructors presentation style. I noted whether there were assumptions made about the student’s (me) level of knowledge or previous experience. I believe at times there were little things that weren’t illustrated in the video that may have been a blur to me but obvious to others. Those little things i.e. where to click to deactivate a selection drove me crazy. My frustration in some areas lead to a to the following conclusion. I may not be able to cover every item in an instructional video. This hold true for all teaching whether on line or in person. I can however provide a method that would allow students to use the experiences of others and tip sheets that to accompany my lessons.
Anyway, my original inspiration for this recipe was, naturally, bananas going bad on our counter. Also, this recipe from The Crepes of Wrath. This recipe looked reeeeally good. Except I don't like coconut (not shredded coconut anyway, I like the flavour though!) or dried pineapple. Or raisins in my baking. Uhhh. But I still thought it looked great and interesting. Especially since I was trying to use up bananas and we had fresh pineapple in the fridge. Of course, my recipe is far far different, so it's posted below.
3) Comment on this post indicating that you’d like to win!
Speaking of 13 year-old-teen boys, since the moment the pee dried on the stick I've been broken out. And it's not thanks to the old wives's tale that girls steal your beauty, because it happened with Caleb too. I'm just forever destined to have pizza face when I'm pregnant, I guess.
We need your support now more than ever in this final stage of preparation. In the face of state budget cuts slashing crucial services to the most at risk communities, corporate greed and record numbers of women living in poverty, we offer a critical analysis of capitalism through a women and poverty lens. We are calling on you to become involved and to mobilize your communities to help present both the problems and the solutions.
4.Ghee : 1/2 cup
The strawberries I used both on the tea stained tag and jar come from the Fruit Medley stamp set. As does the sweet sentiment, which I chose to use on the inside. If you find the sentiment does not fit on the outside of your card, don't be afraid to use it on the inside. I think it adds a bit of surprise and detail.
A Discouraged Foootball Player
Oh, and also, my dog thinks he's a 'gator -
Dream world!
4 who redeems your life from the pit
18. Sam was one of those rare "Promising Young Actors" who actually made it.
In arguing thus, the Prime Minister is directly confronting large elements of officialdom. The Prevent programme of counter-terrorism, currently under review, is managed by Charles Farr, an MI6 man seconded to the Home Office to run counter-terrorism. His approach depends on the idea of doing deals with extremists to rein in their own – fulfilling the old Iranian saying, dating from our colonial era, that “behind every beard there is a British agent”. Because of this doctrine of “it takes one to know one”, Islamists are employed under Mr Farr’s wing. The dangerous men are thus empowered by the state, becoming the gatekeepers for all Muslims.
Try to narrow your niche. How about historical fiction for younger kids?
“The press is the hired agent of a monied system, and set up for no other purpose than to tell lies where their interests are involved. ” – Henry B Adams
Savard: Who’s in goals!
Ashley: *pause* …it’s oven safe!
Gislen et al. 2006. Visual training improves underwater vision in children. Vision Research 46, 3443-3450.
Eyes of the Nun 2 (video) – Producer
It’s not just the physical demands of combat that are at issue here. There are two ways to look at this. War is a dirty, bloody, violent, horrible business. Bayonets disembowel people. Bullets tear bodies apart. Artillery fire burns and dismembers soldiers. There is screaming, crying, agony, burned flesh, and the stench of death. Since when did a civilized society decide that this filthy task should be assigned to the half of us who can give birth to children and nurture them to responsible adulthood – to advance their careers, of course? Since when does a nation of real men consign its most precious, esteemed citizens to rape and torture if they are captured during combat? What has happened to the men of the United States? When did women become the same as men are?
When Goniwe refused, he was allegedly beaten again. He also claims that he was released without being charged.
Take the cookies I made this weekend:
Most instances the publicity and promotional aspects of the products and services available with the solopreneur need to be addressed thoroughly for the success of the business. Such ideas can be developed using common sense while analyzing whether the idea makes smart business sense. Outsourcing a publicity consultant’s help or consulting with recognized marketing practitioners can provide further insight on how best to start up the business, and make potential customers aware of the solopreneur’s ability and reputation.
8. Breathless, Jean-Luc Godard, 1960.
One week later
Change in schoolwork
On Sunday, God showed me something. I don’t believe my role in life is in the pastoral role. Rather, I believe that God is calling me into the Youth Ministry. More specifically, I believe he is wanting me to help struggling teenagers.
1) Go to the store (or call) and order the book. They will get in ANY book in the world if you order it. It usually only takes a few days and you don't have to pay until it arrives--great for readers without credit cards. I believe you can also go online and order it to be shipped to a store.
Wonder when and where and how you're gonna make it
Jill: But I’m dating Alfie – my connection to them is now…complicated.
Petra sides with Baird, the geeks and other High School brainiacs. The Gems, an exclusive girl group and the High School President lead the rest of the survivors.
Unfortunately I have homework (graduate college and get homework the next day, ugh) but I wanted to make sure I got this blog in.
I see this problem in my own life as well. I have been accused on numerous occasions of being something of a hermit. These accusations are partly true. While I love having fellowship with others and meeting new people, I love being home even more. If you were to ask me if I’d rather go shopping with a group of friends or stay at home, I would definitely choose to stay at home. While I like to think that this stems from my love of being home, I have recently come to realize that, deep in my heart, I just don’t want to be bothered. For whatever reason, the exertion of going out and engaging in fellowship with others, whether it be at a church dinner, going out with a friend, or just being friendly to the people standing in the thirty-minute line at the Walmart check-out, just doesn’t appeal to me on some days. I can always come up with other more important things that I could be doing elsewhere or, even better, at home.
My mind is blown.
#398 Scott Bailes - Bailes played in the MLB from 1986 to 1992, and then bounced around the minors for a bunch of years before joining the Rangers for two years in 1997 and 1998.
And great fear came over the whole church, and over all who heard of these things.
Even in the the energy-less, difficult days...I will choose to count my blessings...one, two, three, four, five, six...and in five weeks...seven!!!
I saw a couple of frogs.
Annyeonghasseyo!*bow*
All students need to complete the following before the last day of school:
This simple dish delivers bold, complex flavors. Serve with steamed rice.
We will be meeting Tuesday, September 9 @ 6:30 pm.
Today more than 40 gurus have fallen down, majority of them being other than the first set of imitators. The results show that the so-called reform of 1985 is no reform at all but perpetration of the same disobedience and disturbance in the society. Many keep falling down and a few new ones crop up every year. Countless souls have gone through the abuse as disciples of these self-made gurus, when these self-made gurus fall down. While the world does not tolerate any institution abusive of its members, we are pained to see what innocent souls experience in ISKCON today, by placing their spiritual faith simply to be abused again and again. We pray at your lotus feet that this illusion be quickly broken by propagating the truth spoken by Your Divine Grace and that people who read your books and associate with ISKCON, understand Your Divine Grace as the current link and accept none other than Your Divine Grace as their spiritual master; and that these self-made gurus meet their destiny of one day having no takers of their philosophy.
painting magic patterns on your face
Cross your feet at ankles crossed over each other, both the palms over each other placed 6 inches below the throat in the center of the chest.
Not to mention the obvious: attorney refuses to help me while Black is welcomed with open arms.
Young large-breed dogs should not have excessive exercise until their bones develop. Exercise should be confined to leash walking. We also strongly suggest that large-breed dogs do not get too heavy during their first year. In addition to the hips, we also worry about excessive stress on the elbows of young dogs.
Married: 11/17/2001
So, I posted this, and then there’s nothing there! Not a single word of what I had written! I sat here, staring at the screen, wondering which Easter bunny ate all my words… and where did the effing link go? Now I have to go and find it again. So this will be a shorter frustrated post, because of the Easter bunny eating all my words.
I just dropped off a pottery order at the Center for Maine Craft,
They floated for days until they found a deserted island. Food was not abundant for the pair who weakened daily. They survived for eighteen months until only one was rescued.
You “throw water” on your thesis by flogging away at it during the freezing cold winter of ’97. Who cares about quality? IT’S THE AMOUNT OF PAGES THAT COUNTS, and you’re getting close (just a few more font and margin manipulations, and you’ll be all set). At the end, as you’re walking around in the forsythia-drenched springtime feeling distinctly like you’re getting out of prison – HOLD ON, TOTO — you realize it’s not Dorothy, it’s YOU who have had the big epiphany. Your graduate education has been sort of like a holographic image of a big green bald head projected on a screen! Holy crap. All those hours of grading undergraduate papers, just to find out that you already had what you needed to be a writer — THE WHOLE TIME!
Add to that the vaguely worded warnings about an imminent terrorist attack, and no wonder everyone's feeling on edge and out of sorts. And the big black storm clouds that have been lingering in Parisian skies for days certainly haven't helped.
Heroes, heroes; you are loved
We all worry about our performance. We all wish we could do better. But unfortunately we do not realize, we do not often see the results that come of what we do.
Holy Cow! I actually can't believe I'm this late....but I'm getting this done!
Kuti added, "We felt we should be as simple as possible and as original to my music as possible-less technology to enhance the music. To save cost, we had to try harder to make it work in Lagos."
What do you think as a reader, do you mind?
And there's no reason you shouldn't look good, too!
Memories Mist, Iridescent
and line with baking paper.
1 cup shredded cheese
They cancelled their longstanding commitment to the Super Bowl -- and TV advertising in general -- and instead poured tens of zillions of dollars into the largest social media campaign ever, called the "Pepsi Refresh Project." It turned out to be a pig's breakfast.
Thus, you will find my discussion about subject matter for a novelist inconclusive. I will not resort to clichés about writing what you know, since intuition often trumps experience. Having written what many have cited as the most realistic and accurate divorce novel in recent memory, The War of the Roses, the point is made. I have never been divorced and am happily married to the same lady since I was barely out of adolescence. But whatever the subject be sure to choose wisely before too much effort is expanded on the work.
and brooches in a sweaty İstanbul bazaar
Meri's camera is sitting next to the cow. That is the proof we needed to tell us the exact moment, where and when she lost her camera! Shortly after she unsuccessfully tried to milk this metallic cow, we found that we would have to wait 45 minutes to take a train ride around the zoo and back up to the main entrance where everyone else were waiting for us. Well forget that! So after a few tears of frustration, we headed up the big hill. And it's big.
Also, you can click the image of "America's God and Country to buy a copy of this wonderful book. There are scores of them for under a dollar. I think every family should have a copy on their book shelf so they can discover the power in the actual words of the Founders.
How many of you have heard people say, “The church is full of hypocrites.”? I’ve heard this multiple times, just worded differently, but it always boils down to the same thing, “Those people call themselves Christians, yet they aren’t living it.” In some ways they understand Christianity better than we do. We’re supposed to be different, and we’re failing. Why? Honestly, I think it’s because we fail to fully apply our worldview to our lives. Over the next couple of weeks let’s take a look at some of the areas we as Christians tend to neglect when it comes to fully applying our worldview.
the door before the dawn’s translucent rays;
When a character is introduced on the show, the writer can either make the character be loved or hated. It's how we determine the villain over the superhero. When I first learned about Tommy in season one, I was told about his criminal past. Then in season two when I saw Tommy, I couldn't help but to judge him.
updates:
Thanks for visiting! Make sure you continue on the hop to see all the other creations!
My friend's wedding theme is pink, so all the cookies have to be in pink. Cookies were made in 4 different flavors..and i used different recipe for each flavor (I like to try new recipes...i get bored easily...so i don't always stick to a particular recipe). They all turned out quite yummy and sweet. :)
enough said...
I see no reason to quote the email I received, I think you can get a feel for it, and let me just say, it was not a "Hi! how are you? I'm so glad to meet you" type email. Nope. None of that!
In the end, He makes a sarcastic remark to the Oracle : What do you think I am? Human?
The Me-262 itself was studied heavily by the Allies post war (along with other German jets and rocketry technology). The design influenced many early jet fighter designs of that period (the swept wing concept in particular) including the North American F-86 Sabre and Mikoyan Gurevich Mig-15.
We find ourselves at the Accident + Emergency Department, where the kids dress scary-looking wounds. And get paid a few kidzos for their efforts.
And there you have it. :)
Happy Easter. Just a little poem for today, that I wrote a few days ago. It is not about Easter, just something else.
Joel Garfinkle responded with the calm voice of experience when I asked how leaders can build confidence in others. “Ask them how they overcame an obstacle or succeeded in the past. Everyone has achieved something.”
In a later part of the show, Joanne Peh tried talking to both parties, hoping they will change their minds about filing for divorce. Both were firm about it and said something thought-provoking.
Persisted, linked, through lengths and breadths
Meanwhile, Elysia and Ferros had been doing a bit of investigation on their own; they had been looking at the map that they had drawn of the dungeon so far and had concluded that there must be more rooms between the hall where they had met the salamanders and the Water Elemental’s pool. Rather than traipse all the way down to the far end of the Great Avenue, they began to check the southern walls of all the rooms that that they had so far entered. Using another Fly spell, they began to check the walls of the Pool and found a section of stonework that seemed slightly uneven compared to the rest. A quick push from Ferros caused it to slightly open and with a bit more effort, they were through and into a small room.
we were to add another 3 rounds of pattern...
1-2 tbsp braggs (to taste)
“I am proud of our record but it was also clear that after thirteen years in government, we had become too disconnected from too many people in this country. We didn’t seem to understand the real struggle of so many people’s lives.
A friend of mine, who is the head coach for her daughter’s soccer team sent me a message about what she did to create a space of expressive and creative freedom for her players. I take to heart this decision because I know my friend well. She is arguably one of the most intense competitors I have ever been around. She and I were college teammates, and I know firsthand her intelligence of the game, her competitive edge, and her impressive work ethic. Here is what she did:
Well its January 2012 and I decided over the Christmas break that I needed a fresh new look for my label. I am hoping this year the lollipoppet label is going to grow bigger and better.
Saturday: San Jose Sharks (33-24-9, 75pts) @ Phoenix Coyotes (33-25-10, 76pts), 7 pm
“They even had written scripts for their members to use when speaking to the victims,” DCP Tun Hisan said.
Now I would be remiss if I did not present a full disclosure that once you try this you may be in it to win it. Beyond your new found joy in discovering that summer breeze makes me feel fine blowing through the jasmine in my…um…mind, there is that nagging discovery of why stubble sucks, or sticks, or snags, or ITCHES when you lazily let it sprout again, come springtime. Remember what I said about the trimmer?
The cheaper polycarbonate is non-see-through (one might hide from neighbours more easily! Though a curtain could be used in that effect too, says Mom! And in case you need to talk to a neighbour, it's better if you can see her on the balcony). The more expensive polycarbonate looks like glass, scratches easily though. (That prompted me back to glass.)
My only window for hope is when Michael goes to school in the afternoon and Dylan is napping. My ONLY hope to rest.
Here is their press conference, which reads like a deposition.
1ST: He does not even live in our building
In tropical climes there are certain times of day When all the citizens retire, to tear their clothes off and perspire. It's one of those rules that the greatest fools obey, Because the sun is much too sultry and one must avoid its ultry-violet ray -- Papalaka-papalaka-papalaka-boo. (Repeat) Digariga-digariga-digariga-doo. (Repeat) The natives grieve when the white men leave their huts, Because they're obviously, absolutely nuts -- Mad dogs and Englishmen go out in the midday sun. The Japanese don't care to, the Chinese wouldn't dare to, Hindus and Argentines sleep firmly from twelve to one, But Englishmen? detest a siesta, In the Philippines they have lovely screens, to protect you from the glare, In the Malay states there are hats like plates, which the Britishers won't wear, At twelve noon the natives swoon, and no further work is done - But Mad Dogs and Englishmen go out in the midday sun. It's such a surprise for the Eastern eyes to see, That though the English are effete, they're quite impervious to heat, When the white man rides, every native hides in glee, Because the simple creatures hope he will impale his solar topee on a tree. Bolyboly-bolyboly-bolyboly-baa. (Repeat) Habaninny-habaninny-habaninny-haa. (Repeat) It seems such a shame that when the English claim the earth That they give rise to such hilarity and mirth - Mad Dogs and Englishmen go out in the midday sun. The toughest Burmese bandit can never understand it. In Rangoon the heat of noon is just what the natives shun. They put their scotch or rye down, and lie down. In the jungle town where the sun beats down, to the rage of man or beast, The English garb of the English sahib merely gets a bit more creased. In Bangkok, at twelve o'clock, they foam at the mouth and run, But mad dogs and Englishmen go out in the midday sun. Mad Dogs and Englishmen, go out in the midday sun. The smallest Malay rabbit deplores this stupid habit. In Hong Kong, they strike a gong, and fire off a noonday gun. To reprimand each inmate, who's in late. In the mangrove swamps where the python romps there is peace from twelve till two. Even caribous lie around and snooze, for there's nothing else to do. In Bengal, to move at all, is seldom if ever done, But mad dogs and Englishmen go out in the midday sun.
Tony Green / accumulations, news &tc / 14-17
She is complicated
Nordstrom Rack Skinnies
For my birthday gift this year, I asked to go to a concert at the House of Blues. Not just any concert: Fun. If you don’t know who Fun is–tune in to your local radio station some time. Or better yet, watch some television and keep yourself posted for the Chevy Sonic commercial with all the crazy car stunts. That, my dear reader, is Fun. The song everyone– from the tweens to the moms–seem to be singing lately is ‘We are young’. Frankly, it’s a bit disappointing that this is the song that caught everyone’s attention, since they have far better songs to offer. Nevertheless, since this commercial aired during the Superbowl this year, they’ve become suddenly and overwhelmingly popular.
If we therefore umbrella all of the fears into one, we find ourselves fearful of pain. This would be the “parent” fear from which all other fears are born. So we’ll begin with that.
Decreasing the income disparities is important to the advancement of African-American communities and America as a whole.
Whole grains contain the unattractively named "glycoproteins," gluten compounds that themselves contain oligosaccharide chains covalently attached to polypeptide side chains (essentially, a carbohydrate fused to a protein)--if the writers of the Wikipedia page got it right. To these glutens a little less than 1% of the population are allergic. That doesn't seem like a particularly ripe target for beer-makers, but it has been. Deschutes has made over 40 iterations of gluten-free beer, Portland's Harvester Brewing makes only gluten-free beer, and now Widmer Brothers Brewing, under the Craft Brewers Alliance (CBA) label, has introduced a new line called "Omission."
They even have entire TV channels dedicated to not shutting up.
She giggled delightedly before blowing me a kiss and sauntering off. The acrobats had witnessed this exchange with stony faces.
This is an excellent book and one, even though it comes after a succession of excellent books on the subject, that will be hard to top for some time to come. Leaving aside the fact that it is a fine narrative history, Goldworthy brings an outsider's eye to the period, coming to it without the assumptions of a Late Antiquity specialist. But as more of a specialist in the beginnings of the Empire, he brings an interesting perspective to its end. This book is both a reply and, at the same time an equal counterweight to Peter Heather's equally excellent work and I would encourage anyone who read, enjoyed and was convinced by either one to read the other. I think they would profit from the exercise.
Let's start with the positives first. Over the weekend, I enjoyed a tasty porter at the ultra-wee, DIY Clinton Street Theater, brewed up by the folks at the adjacent Clinton Street Brewery. It was smooth and creamy, with nary an off flavor (common in DIY breweries), though perhaps a touch too much black malt. I'd rate it in the good to excellent continuum. And, good beer equals good brewery, yeah?
Many of the philosophers writing on post-human formations predicted things like this. Hardt and Negri in ‘Multitude’ call this a multitude, that which is between a traditional group and an individual. A ‘something in common’ that is site specific, that allows for the redressing of a wrong, for political change, without feeling the need to last forever, be based on eternal principles, get candidates elected, etc. Aleatory, distributed communities that can respond nimbly to the more static, top-down forces that seek to control everything. Like police networks.
McCoy and NARF Staff Attorney Donald Wharton, along with NARF Executive Director John Echohawk, attended the White House Tribal Trust Case Settlement Event Wednesday along with several of NARF’s settling clients. The Event highlighted the extraordinary high-level commitment of the Obama Administration to settle historical tribal claims against the government in a just manner. “These landmark settlements come directly from President Obama through his staff and spokespeople,” said Echohawk. “He is the first President to truly ‘own up and owe up’ to centuries of bad trusteeship for Indian tribes
AMRAP in 12 minutes of
Wrapped in Pastry by Leigh Drew was released at the most perfect time for me, just before Mothers Day. My fellows were totally aware that I was planning on buying this cookbook and bought it for me as a gift. The man ordered a signed copy and was stunned when he received a personalised signed copy addressed to him with a message to "cook with no fear". The message had us in stitches of laughter as nothing could be further from the truth!
I love you, Jeanine Coats. And I miss you already.
This layout is about two little boys who became friends. Jerome and Joe. Joe actually named Jerome and so they have had a close friendship. Jerome is now living back in Zimbabwe, but Joe talks about his friend often.
Holding the resolution of the message
tell the people you care about that you love them today.
And participate,
This painting is unusual in a couple of ways. I normally paint strongly-lit scenes...but the challenge of dealing with overcast light and reflections on a wet pavement had a certain appeal. Often in painting these days I am looking for something that throws up a challenge.
Following are excerpts from a Friday sermon delivered by prominent Sunni cleric and head of the International Union of Muslim Scholars Sheikh Yousef Al-Qaradhawi. The sermon aired on Qatar TV on June 5, 2009.
“Partly for pleasure, and because it’s a habit and I’m just as uncomfortable if I don’t read as if I don’t smoke, and partly to know myself. When I read a book I seem to read it with my eyes only, but now and then I come across a passage, perhaps only a phrase, which has a meaning for me, and it becomes part of me; I’ve got out of the book all that’s any use to me, and I can’t get anything more if I read it a dozen times. You see, it seems to me, one’s like a closed bud, and most of what one reads and does has no effect at all; but there are certain things that have a peculiar significance for one, and they open a petal; and the petals open one by one and at last the flower is there.”
The night was completed at Uprise where we all sipped on our beers outside, on the patio.
Po- "Certainly!"
Only portions of California and a spec in South Dakota even reach the 9 on the perfect weather index tomorrow May 3rd, 2012. Areas around Bakersfield (mainly on the west side of the San Juaquin Valley) will see the best weather in the nation. And as I mentioned, one tiny area around Oelrichs, South Dakota gets to a 9. Certainly not a bad day around Philadelphia or the mountainous areas of the Southwest. By far the worst weather will be found in the southwest part of Oregon and Northern California. Brookings, Oregon is expecting 1-2″ of rain and gusty winds. Hot humid and windy from west Texas to Chicago makes for low perfect weather scores.
I bought Art Nouveau before Christmas but I haven't had the time to use it yet. When I saw this cartridge I knew I had to have it. I love how detailed and pretty the cuts are, this is a new favorite of mine. My Grandma loves Hummingbirds so this cut is perfect for her. I used a rosette from one of my new Cartridges Ribbons and Rosettes as a flower and the leaves were cut from Straight from the Nest.
I let it dry for a minute and then I use a towel to gently wipe off. I like to leave the little bits of streaks of paint--it helps to dull/age the metal. This is a bit hard to read--I think it's the angle I shot it at...but it says humility is endless.
And so to our final day here in Norway.
Today (Friday) im adding a little bit of this...
Okay, sorry. Here we go:
Divide the dough into half, keep the other half covered. Roll out dough into 1/8 in thick.
There was an abundance of treats and drinks to be had, including our signature cocktail for the event 'Indochampagne'. It was so well received that we thought we should share the recipe for everyone to try at home for their next event:
Keep the Blue Light Flashing
Blog Hopping Again!
I have hand sewing around the edge of my layout... I am still finding Christmas photos not yet scrapped so this was a great sketch to use 3 photos in....
Bitty Mama's over 24lbs, HOLLA!!!
Shannon's addiction to sipping gasoline comes days after a North Carolina man died after accidentally drinking from a jar containing the same liquid.
Also I am teaching all new classes. I wrote curriculum for Fine Art Photography, Cultural Art I and II and I am developing these classes and spend an incredible amount of time planning for these. I am teaching all three this semester and forgot how much work new courses require. In addition to these I am teaching two special ed classes, one for the multiply-handicapped and one for the autistic classroom.
Hui: I want to get a taco truck, do dumplings out of it, soup...
It was only inevitable, given Carla's political activism, that she would exhibit to me some of her considerable mental qualities and powers. That book she showed me, OUR BODIES, OURSELVES was like a glimpse into another world: the world of women, with their wild curly hairdos, and denim outfits, and halter tops and short pants and skirts. And then Carla gave me two Judy Blume books from both a female and male perspective so that I would understand the "differences and similarities". The books were ARE YOU THERE GOD? ITS ME MARGARET, and for boys, THEN AGAIN MAYBE I WON'T. Judy Blume's skill in describing male sexuality in the latter, especially male orientation towards female physicality, was so accurate, it was a testament to her depths of empathy and perception as a writer, however middle-brow she may be considered in the annals of literature. And finally there were the sex ed pamphlets, the less said about these, the better.
Even Cameron's most stupefying flights of fancy, however, get crushed under the baggage of its paper-thin characters, clumsy storytelling and ham-fisted attempts at topical relevance. Avatar's third act eventually becomes the kind of video-game spectacle that leaves me me more in a state of numb detachment than exhilaration. (To be fair, the climax of Aliens (1986) already felt like a first-person-shooter video game, but the emotional stakes felt higher there than here; Ripley was fighting for her and Newt's life in a real environment, for one thing.) In other words, the wonder gradually wears off, though not to a fatal degree; in hindsight, I can find myself separating the problematic literal elements from the purely visual aspects of the experience.
Ludhiana, May 4. Three years after over a lakh trees were axed and nearly two lakh plants uprooted for widening of the National Highway-I, Punjab is finding it hard to meet its afforestation target due to paucity of forestland. So much so that the state Forest Department was now planting saplings on common village land and in educational inititutes.
Sip sparkling champagne and enjoy chocolate dipped strawberries
Vampires are sometimes stereotyped to be magestical, sexual creatures. Capable of the highest levels of seduction and sadly Vampire boys sort of ruined that for me. Though, the character of Jasin was bad ass and hot like a Vampire should be, he was used to attract the wrong sex in my opinion….which is the same sex. Opposites will always attract and whether you’re the living dead or you’re dead and living………….that will always remain a fact.
DARN!!! I was going to apply for the job and stay with my friend.!!
Specials have included our new 'Bravura' Pale Ale 5.5% which will be hitting the bottle soon, a well hopped pale ale brewed with exciting hops such as 'Super Alpha' & 'Motueka'. New session cask pale ales such as 'Origin' & 'Portside' hit the trade throughout January to be replaced with 'Galicoe' & 'Santo' during February.
father, mother, and four brothers “quit
Leave a comment on this post letting me know which dress you like best. Here’s the link to their DRESSES.
Oriental Printable collage sheet
Journalists also have expressed concern about a looming proposal by the A.N.C. to create a tribunal that would hear and adjudicate citizen complaints against media outlets over issues of fairness and accuracy.
I helped save a sad horse and two adorable dogs. And all I had to do was gripe on Facebook. It’s an amazing world that way.
Ashley: What else should I use?!
Park Yoochun’s manager was driving the van at the time and it was later found that the cause of the accident was the manager dozing off at the wheel. The car rear-ended a truck and the front of the vehicle was damaged beyond recognition. Though Park Yoochun was sitting in the passenger seat of the car, he luckily did not suffer from any major injuries.
Tealight holders: Estate sale and Goodwill
Joss Whedan’s “The Avengers” is a premise that directly gets to the point without wasting even a single frame. The earth is being attacked by a force that is out of this world, the freedom of the human race is in jeopardy, the director of S.H.I.E.L.D., a secret military law-enforcement agency, reactivates the ‘Avengers’ initiative. All the super heroes of the world brought together in a team that will protect the earth from a situation never seen or experienced before. And of course, in the climax, a city that has been destroyed in x- amount of films before (by aliens, monsters and nature), is once again torn apart in an effort to stop extra terrestrial forces to enter our world.
Through the book there was more interaction with Charlie and Bill of the Weasley who I love to see actually in the movie which is one of my pet peeves but I love them in the book. They are a great part of the book to have.
The Committee says its analysis focused on the 84% of UK households (21 million) that use gas for heating. For these households, energy bills increased from an average £605 per household in 2004 to £1,060 in 2010, a rise of 75%.
So, while Buddy was still sleeping I quietly left the house, went into the rain and did just that. I can't remember feeling this happy about outside work. It was so peaceful and satisfying. As I worked, I thought about a Robert Morgan poem I had read many months ago. It's been waiting in the wings for the perfect morning to be shared. And this is the perfect morning.
Highlight #3:
Man, right on brutha 9th, right on...nuff respect
The main focus of the movie is, of course, lonely and troubled solicitor Arthur, as played by former boy wizard Daniel "Don't call me Harry" Radcliffe. He has to carry many long, wordless scenes in the middle of the slow-burning story as he explores the rambling, cobwebbed house, with only a small dog for a companion. ( No, not Rupert Grint... ) Radcliffe makes a fair attempt at pulling this off but is hampered by the repetitive nature of the scenes. He spends a lot of time looking out of the window at barely-glimpsed, spooky figures in the grounds of the house... then ventures out of the house to look back through the windows to see barely-glimpsed, spooky figures inside the house. But all this stage-setting pays off when the scares come thick and fast as the Woman's true nature and purpose are uncovered. While not as trouser-soilingly scary as the Nigel Kneale TV version from the 1980s, this is still a fine entry in the long tradition of English ghost stories and makes a change from the American teen horrors of recent years.
Since roughly mid-October, I've been having a really fun time with persistent dizziness and vertigo. It started out pretty strong--no matter which direction or how quickly (or slowly) I moved my head, I got SERIOUSLY dizzy and off-balance. It was scary and it made me super nauseated to the point that I felt like I was always on the verge of throwing up, but never quite able to seal the deal--a lovely, lovely feeling. I got some motion sickness medicine at the drug store, and although it helped with the nausea, it made me insanely sleepy. So yeah, not much help. After a couple of weeks of dealing with this bullshit and it only getting moderately better (i.e., looking side-to-side didn't bug me as much, and I wasn't about to puke all the time, but the rest of it was still present), I went to see my family doctor. She gave me a shot of steroids in my ass (to help with the nausea) and some well-known prescription meds for this type of thing that, guess what, make you sleepy as Hell and lists "dizziness" as one of its side effects. She also told me, "If this hasn't gotten better in a month, come back and see me."
Veteran Wu-Tang Clan affiliate Cappadonna has teamed with Brooklyn Academy’s Block McCloud and Army Of The Pharoahs’ King Magnetic for The Black Cloud Tour. Also featuring GQ and Kromeatose, the hardcore Hip Hop tour will launch in march and feature several days with Sean Price and Edo G.
October 20, 2010
We got our deserved equalizer when El Capitan noticed that the diminutive Russian was lurking in the area. An cheeky through ball followed. Heitenga tried to anticipate the ball but headed it towards Arshavin’s path. The finish was calm. Quite odd for a player that had not scored in 9 games. But as they say,”form is temporary, class is permanent”.
As Reuters reports, Design Chief of Nokia, Marko Ahtisaari, has confirmed in an interview that they are in plans for a tablet and one-third of his time is spent working on it. The interview was published in a Finnish magazine, Kauppalehti Optio. The handset manufacturing company has recently been focussed on making Windows based smartphones, so it is expected that Nokia will also launch their tablet on Windows platform later this year.
Santorum: I would love to have a
And, what I have learned is that if I say something is giving me "a little bit of anxiety," it means that it's a knots in my stomach, heart palpitations kind of "little bit of anxiety."
Don Abbott — Professor of English
This card looks so wonderful IRL but I just can't seem to capture it on film (well digital actually). The glimmer from the home made smooch is definitely not showing up and the layering of color doesn't seem to show up either.
Do you have any thoughts on worship to add? I’d love to know your thoughts!
Here is my second card and it is also done with all the same products. It just amazes me that you can get so many different looks out of the same products! Although this time I left the sentiment gold.
He inches closer, kissing me on my forehead. "Good night babe. I love you so much and I'm so sorry about this fish shit. Sleep tight."
Your midwife will be very happy to have a look at your stitches and will usually ask you if you are comfortable or not. If you are unsure definitely ask her to look as occasionally they can become infected and need treatment.
Steven Elliot Furman, 40, Wesley Hills, N.Y.
and grown-ups do laundry
Lim Guan Eng dodges questions
Sometimes it’s better not to have a clear plan, or even a clear destination in mind. Sometimes rambling is the way great discoveries are made. Strike out on your path, wherever it may lead. Enjoy the journey, have fun along the way, and don’t forget to send a postcard now and then.
NO? Didn’t think So.
Alan Parson’s Project Don’t answer me UK
I know a lot of you are unaware that this is happening, but now you have the chance to change this!
6. Antibiotics – These are typically used in big meat farms with little space for animals and a high threat of disease. Livestock also get antibiotics because they grow bigger and faster—and thus are more lucrative. Foods it’s found in: Meat (pretty much all kinds) – researchers are concerned about antibiotic-resistant bacteria in the overall environment and in livestock facilities.
called the future
I am really enjoying this last part of the pregnancy, and being round and full moon big. Today the sun was out and it was a treasure to feel it warming my taut skin, and to feel the babies squirming as they too were warmed. I can't really think of much I like better. In the end, I just do love being pregnant.
Although the countries and content of the courses were different, SNA allowed us to make comparisons using objective statistical methods. We found that the instructional approach has a clear effect on interactions. In addition, we noted that under some instructional circumstances a multi-star pattern of interaction was created which is an undocumented SNA pattern. We also observed that SNA can be useful in studying online course interactions leading to enhanced learning.
-If you carry the majority of your excess fat in your abdomen, you may have a higher percentage of visceral fat than someone who carries weight elsewhere on the body. Visceral fat — the fat that fits between your internal organs — is associated with serious health risks like cardiovascular disease and diabetes.
So what about you?
16. Bob Turkee
Other than gaming, what kinds of things do you enjoy doing and learning about?
This blog went on hiatus while I went to South Korea for a year. It seems like this time just flew by. So much has changed -- but in the meantime, this web address has stayed on the business cards I've been handing out throughout my travels.
We always make it a point to visit Antoine’s on St. Louis Street. The grace & elegance, impeccable service, incredible food… a welcome respite from the chaos & crowds of the Quarter any evening of the week. The oldest family-run restaurant in the U.S., established in 1840, Antoine’s does require gentlemen to dress in coat & tie. Thank you, Antoine’s!
16. Shrek 4
To: Russell
How can I know?
It might not have become my default response if I hadn't grown up with a parent who lost his cool when drinks spilled, or when I drew a few faint lines of pencil on his bedroom wall, or made a tidy mountain of Love's Baby Soft bath powder on my plastic vanity top, or failed to finish my hamburger at dinner. My life was a series of blistering God Dammits! And subsequent running from the belt.
School starts tomorrow, which in and of itself is no big deal. My kids will be back in the classroom, and it's a big year for our oldest because he's a senior. I'm trying not to think about how fast the year will go and how much my heart is going to break when he goes to college.
An unusual occurrence took place at the M. Strelnikov border outpost. At night, a border patrol saw a two-metre-tall creature, moving ahead on two legs, similar to descriptions of the yeti - the abominable snowman.
Or you may not be cut out to be an "author". That too is something one has to consider. That too must be looked at from all possible angles. That too must be faced. The moment I see some author who has self-published 10-20 books especially fiction books during a period of 1-2 years, I have to admit I am very suspicious. Either you have been writing from the age of 5 until 60 and then published all your books at once, or you simply are throwing out first edits to the public. Shrugs. I guess it is all sales in the end or you have an incredible gift at the keyboard, and should be publishing with the Big 6.
Kaiser Permanente
As we have been reading lots of Easter books this week my heart and mind have been thinking and reflecting on the greatest sacrifice and gift. It certainly humbles me. I hope all of you have a great Easter.
until the snow cleared
Blue, Rose Madder, & Vermillion Lacquer Nick Bantock Inks (background); Emboss Tinted Embossing Stamp Pad with Stampendous Embossing Powders (Detail Black - crowns, Detail Clear - chevrons on front, Satin Pearl - chevrons on back); Black Soot Distress Ink for inking various cardstock edges.
Hey, everybody. The reason I've been absent from this blog for a couple days is because I've just been really busy, and by the time I get on late at night I'm too tired to upload my photos and write out a blog. But it doesn't mean I haven't been working the program! So here's an update on how the Friday and Saturday went...
Jennifer Jean: We are going to have a lot of music and poetry mixtures going throughout the day. We will have panels on "songology." We are going to have Slam poets as well and a lot of poetry paired with music.
Mostly I just want to build a business that’s going to get me the life I want, and I need to be fit and healthy to be successful. So I’m Going Outside!
evidence also established (see for example document X21) that there were other
I used a white 5"x7" card blank, with a mat of SU chocolate chip card under the embossed panel.
Hands knows how to write characters. Many times before I felt like I was reading about soulless beings that are just going through actions in a book without any rhyme or reason, especially the main characters. Hands has a talent with words that not only made the characters of her books real, but they soon became beloved friends that readers can be totally invested in. Every plot turn and twist had me holding my breath waiting for the characters deliverance.
The second brief for our Designing for the user module is as followed: We are required to develop a user interface including mock-ups, video footage, 3D images, Photoshop composites of how a human could use a contact lense based screen around a compact pocket computer device. You should also develop a user guide with illustrations of how a human could use the device.
That “taxpayer money” gets sent directly into what we’ll call a government “holding account” for a while, sometimes years and years before that public project actually begins.
A recent study by Standard Chartered Bank and Scorpio Partnership on affluent Singaporeans showed they primarily invest in unit trusts, high-interest savings and real estate.
the first half of the novel is made up entirely of letters, sent from the author himself back and forth to an adoring fan. the letters, sent from New Years Eve 1874 until Christmas 1875, reveal the truth in the fiction; the real Leopold von Sacher-Masoch and his fantastical mistress. shortly after Venus in Furs was published, a young Emilie Mataja looked to her idol for encouragement as a budding author and found herself in a twisted literary fantasy. a fantasy that is strangely similar to the fictional novella it proceeds. and although never actually fulfilling their desires, it is the single difference between the two. when Sacher-Masoch's eerily familiar characterization of himself, Severin von Kusiemski, meets his own Venus in Furs, Wanda von Dunajew, it spawns a year long affair, and takes the aberrant couple away from their little Carpathian health resort to a sparkling Vienna. where, all along an adoring Severin is meant to play the role of Wanda's obeisant slave. until the whips and binds become too much, and Wanda becomes an icy Venus brought to life and gives herself away to another man, breaking a love sick Severin in two. and what a beautiful lesson in the torment of love it was! I leave you with a glimpse into the sinister novella and with a favourite excerpt, when Severin first catches eye of his stony goddess, a Venus in Furs:
Make money by letting your DVR. If you would let your DVR to our users, please sign up for a recorders account.
Some history is in order. Tina and my ex fiancé dated while they were in high school. It was some epic love story where her parents broke them up because they wanted her to marry a preacher. Tina and my ex fiancé break up, she marries a preacher and lives in a faraway land, where they have two children and live happily ever after.
Again we are greeted with a visit by none other than Lisa Lillien, the Hungry Girl, DanWarp’s lovely wife.
Now at some point if you're using a firearm for self-defense, you may have the unfortunate situation that requires you to draw your gun. Now we're not going to spend much time on discussing training and preparation in this post, but you should be training and preparing yourself. If you have to draw your gun, one of two things occurs next... either you pull the trigger or your don't. Either way, you need to contact law enforcement and as I always tell my concealed carry classes... we are in a day and age that if you carry a gun, you should carry a cell phone 'cause Superman can't find any phone booths to change in these days.
300g very dark chocolate
Written by Jason Cooper.
While you’re waiting for the next newsletter, “Plane Reflections: about life and a flight around Australia’s coast” is available in book and CD format for $20.00 plus postage and packaging.
Today, I did something very embarrassing. You see, I have this goal of getting into better shape. I’ve also been trying to cook more at home, knowing that anything I make for myself will be healthier than something I pick up at the store when it’s the middle of the afternoon, I haven’t eaten yet and I’m super hungry.
Take a look at the upper screen shot that shows the results of a very simple search I did on Google about how long ago I started on Twitter. It shows what Google thought were the most likely places I wanted to go after typing in just the first couple of words. I could be mistaken, but it looks like a lot of long-distance-running farmers had been Googling recently.
worthy of extra effort.
And so, in her memory, I am starting my own Five-Year Diary. I found a perfect one, with quotes from Jane Austen on every page. I have started it already, on Feb. 29th, 2012, which will cover my life from the age of 42 through 47.
As you know he has dyslexia, although he doesn't know that word. He just knows that his eyes aren't quite as fit as the rest of his body. So the messages he receives inside his brain during the reading process are a little different to the message you or I might receive. The words look different to the words we are seeing. The word FOX doesn't necessarily look the same each time he reads it ... it depends what other words are around it at the time. It makes it very hard to learn to read.
Getting to your later question, then, we are pretty sure this event is what formed our moon. A mars-sized object (roughly 1/10th the mass of the current Earth) hit us in a sidelong collision, mostly fusing, but leaving a whole bunch of debris in Earth orbit. This debris later coalesced into our Moon.
Do you really think you have to bring back anything? That assumes that anything was gone before, is it?
Erica Smolders – I think it makes people happy. The sound of a typewriter might seem a bit out of place in a flower shop but it sure gets a lot of attention. I also really like that no two notes are ever the same. Some might be a tiny bit crooked or have a spot of white-out but I think that makes them special and I bet people will keep those cards for a really long time.
Close mannequins aren’t just blobs of plastic to hang garments from. They arguably have to be as appealing as the garments themselves to attract customers.
REPO does a good job with the story, however. GeneCo is run by Rotti Largo (Paul Sorvino), who dresses like he’s a member of the Hellfire Club’s Inner Circle. He’s got a history with Nathan Wallace (Anthony Head), the father of Shilo (Alexa Vega), our protagonist. The woman Rotti loved chose Nathan back in the day. Shilo is sick, and she believes it’s because she inherited a disease from her dead mother, but it’s actually caused by the medicine Nathan makes her take every day.
A wiser man learns from others mistakes.
And I’m makin this my moment now
2 mashed bananas
Week 14-@ Green Bay Packers-8:20pm-December 9, 2012*
Since renewable energy will be a key market for years to come, traders in this area must be able to exploit their technology while contributing to society through further innovation. To achieve that (and hero status?) the challenge for the IP regime and its users is that both must be innovative".
Second, put on two coats of fire red….we have used Revlon All Fired Up No 22 which is a great colour and matches perfectly……
I clocked a tweet yesterday from a company that I follow – Cloggs. It simply said: “Riddler Converse!!!!!!!!!!“. That was plenty for me to go off and investigate…
fingers poised
Hell yes, right? So easy, so delicious, so simple. I'm having seconds right now.
WINNER of CHLOE SWEET STUFF!!!
Before I had any lyrics, the rhythm of the music led me to the image
and weekly challenges,
You see, in the social media dream world, everyone is on line having conversations about the pickles they buy and the mufflers and the shower curtains and the socks and the toasters.
As we pulled away via the secret back way that amazingly avoided traffic (another stroke of brilliant strategy from the marshal), I mousily fumbled with another ad I brought as a back up, and suggested an alternative store for the camcorder – not as good a deal, but hell we were committed and the plastic was burning a hole in my wallet already. The marshal resumed her cool, but was noticeably recharged by the possibility of completing our trifecta through a well-executed plan C.
Bonus 1: Heal Broken Hearts Affirmations and Meditations Audio
Pablo.
Anselme was met by a trio of individuals who named themselves among the Reclaimers, declaring their intent to transform the whole of the desolation in the face of the forces which sought to corrupt the land. Jeraldus, Scront and Niva were amenable to potential trade with Anselme, provided he and his fellows did not disturb their work in the wastes. When prompted as to whether they intended to combat such forces should they arise again, Anselme was assured that the Reclaimers would go to any means necessary to ensure their efforts continued.
While such emotional reactions probably feel good to the reactionary spouting them (who is, by the way, trying to articulate perfectly legitimate concerns about something having gone terribly wrong in this country), they ignore some simple facts about the Constitution itself. Without going into all the details about the facts which support a Hamiltonian power grab (Boston T. Party does a fine job of this all by himself in his “Hologram of Liberty”), splitting hairs about “of” or “for”, or devolving into yet another academic Spooner tug-fest, we can let the Constitution speak for itself.
On Tuesday, Brian took a half day and I met him in the city for lunch, a walk, some beer, basically a date. We had lunch at the Belgium Cafe, owned and operated by the people from Monk's Cafe in Center City. Monk's is known as one of the best beer bars in the world. I kid you not. The food was quite tasty but my jury is still out on our waitress. She brought some unclean cutlery so we sent it back. When she returned with supposedly new knives, she took a look at a knife then wiped it across her butt and placed it next to my plate. I really wanted to say, "You know I'm right here right?"
This is unusual post in many ways. Some days ago I’ve received message from man name Christofer Ståhle (aka Laike), from Lund, Sweden, with link to hear one his song. I liked that song very much as entire album too.
This is my mother's favorite song (that has lyrics) so I post it today in her honor for Mother's Day. And a very HAPPY MOM'S DAY to all of you...
But the whole package shone again in not only his best-known, but probably also his best, TV role. Stepping into M*A*S*H in 1974 for the departed McLean Stevenson, Morgan as Potter created one of TV's most-loved authority figures, a man firmly in charge who held sway by being the smartest (and sometimes only) adult in the room. It would win him an Emmy and a permanent place in TV lore, and it no doubt helped save the show and extend its 11-season run.
To help me achieve my goal of having a natural birth I will be having a doula by my side throughout my labor. I've started interviewing a few already and although these women have all been very sweet and empathetic to my loss, I'm still trying to find The One. She needs to be experienced, not only with various methods of comfort and relaxation before and during labor, but also with high risk pregnancy following a full term loss. I'm high maintenance and insecure and emotionally unstable right now, and I know I'm only going to get worse as the weeks roll on. In my mind I envision a woman I have this immediate connection with, who understands how I'm feeling and is willing to work through my grief and fears until baby Butterfly is born. This might be a pipe dream, but I'm going to patiently interview every doula in Orange County until I meet my match.
You’ve done all that you know to do.
For more information about THE WINTER’S TALE, visit
what heaven will be like. We only know that it will be wonderful!
I'm increasingly falling into Chefs viewpoint that its much better to keep a low profile.
On that note I will close for today. Enjoy the power and energy of this moment in time. It is life changing!!
You can tell us what you thought were the highlights of your April Challenge, what you learned, what changes you might make next time, or what surprised you most. There are no limits as to what your Challenge experience might have been so tell us in your best way how you felt about the April A to Z Challenge of 2012.
Investigators discovered that in one three-month period, there were more electronic benefit transfer (EBT) transactions at the market than at
Ingredients for the Salted Peanut Caramel:
A nice 30-min-ride and we reached Plaza Rakyat and went straight to Petaling Street. The place looked kinda like a carnival, a street party, if you like. There were small groups of people holding up their banners and some people playing music & dancing around. No police man in sight but there was a helicopter flying around... checking on the situation, I think.
When An Epicure in the Terrible first appeared in 1991, commemorating the centennial of H. P. Lovecraft’s birth, it was hailed as a significant contribution to Lovecraft studies. Its thirteen original essays, along with a lengthy biocritical introduction by S. T. Joshi, contained penetrating work by leading authorities in the field. Among them were Kenneth W. Faig, Jr.’s pioneering study of Lovecraft’s parents; Jason C. Eckhardt’s analysis of Lovecraft’s heritage as a New England Yankee; and Donald R. Burleson’s treatment of the key theme of “touching the glass,” epitomized by “The Outsider.”
We were going to go to the Big House.
Here they are all airbrushed:
The professor matter-of-factly stated that he was trying to make the shallow end much deeper.
But something has to change. Sunday mornings are still the most segregated hours in America. We can’t even pray together with people who are different from us, much less be good neighbors. And I have it easier than most: they are my literal neighbors. Most of us have taken life paths that have led us to places where our neighbors tend to look exactly like us. But proximity isn’t everything, of course. Moving in does nothing, if you have not love.
A couple of thoughts I’ve had. First, there would clearly need to be similar safeguards for shareholder voting as apply to voting in parliamentary and local elections – to avoid institutional shareholders simply hoovering up individual’s votes as a block.
11. Juliet Sims (Team Cee-Lo) – “Cryin’” There have been too many ballad performances tonight. That said, Juliet managed to find that balance between her powerful growl and the musicality necessary to win a show like this. For once she found the notes and it was good. She still held on to her power and desperation from past performances. For a 90s-era Aerosmith song, you need to have a little bittersweet desperation to convey the song’s intent. The big solo note about two-thirds in was super flat, but otherwise this was her best performance this season. Way to turn things around!
He cooks for me. Pretty much every meal if he's not working. (I like to bake probably more than I like to cook!) :) My dream come true....a man who cooks.
Hello - back in harness. Feeling better, not 100% but better than I was despite going back to work yesterday, the awful bloody weather (shouldn't moan we need the rain) and the 1 hr delay getting home due to a lightening strike on the overhead gantry just outside St Pancras!
There are actually BNP members and supporters who appear to believe that, for instance, if they make “funny” Nazi salutes at cameras or are filmed giving their child a gollywog, the public will perceive these as ironically humorous gestures.
This incestuous and mutually dependent relationship results in the Westminster Bubble talking to the Fleet Street/Medialand Bubble; and if the latter could claim to ‘mould’ public opinion about TV game shows and professional soccer love-rats, it is frequently surprised by the citizen’s inconvenient unwillingness to be a receptacle for some shadowy billionaire’s opinion about the big issues.
I guess I miss Chris a little more than I expected to. Although I've kept busy and rarely have a spare moment to myself, at night I find myself thinking about him and it is hard. The morning I left Phoenix he sounded as if he really was sad, and that he wanted to stay in touch, and he even told me he would try to visit this winter. Now he is completely mean. He told me not to text him anymore, and that he will send me my stuff as soon as he can, and that he wants me out of his life. I have no idea where this harshness came from. I thought we were ending everything on good terms. It just wasn't meant to be. However, I still wanted to remain friends, even if it is only once in a while, via text or whatever. I don't get why he suddenly had a change of heart. It makes me sad because he was a part of my life, and I do love him. I didn't think we would just suddenly never talk or see each other again. The worst part is that he still has my bunnies, so I have to deal with his attitude until I can have them sent out here.
What the blog is about is a guy who is playing all CRPG's (as defined by a few lists and the commentators on his blog) released for Dos or Windows in chronological order of year released. He posts about what game he is currently playing and when he finishes it he posts what he thinks of it including rating it by his own scoring system. This is basically the kind of stuff I could read for days (and have read for days) as it goes through all the stuff I wish I could put time aside for. Ironically for me despite my avid love of games I can't seem to ever really budget that many into my day so being able to read what they are like and seeing someones view of them is quite fun for me. Also the comments his posts get are half the fun so if you pop on over there I definitely advise you read them as well as the posts themselves. A thing to note as well is that he is playing roguelikes and because of how the tend to keep evolving he is playing them multiple times by major releases and has already played the first generation of Nethack along with an number of other more self contained roguelikes. Most impressive is that he (just before starting the blog sadly) beat Rogue.
They don’t know
I wish people would get pass this one scene to appreciate what is one of the most moving films ever made.
Diana symbolises the Divine Feminine’s ability to provide nurturing for all it creatures even in the darkest winter.
1/2-3/4 cup white vinegar
And to answer the second part of your question – I love that a 25-year-old with such talent and potential has her own show on HBO. Age isn’t important to me. All I care about is that the creator have a strong voice. Lena certainly has that. And better tattoos than Diablo Cody.
As a result of the heavy commercialization that we have experienced, I believe our generation views commercials as entertainment and little more. I would say less than 5% of my spending is done because I have seen an advertisement. Rather, I have become quite skeptical of commercials because I realize that they are trying to sell you a product. Instead, I rely on customer reviews and word of mouth.
In fact, you kind of just have to re-imagine the entire cast.
Needless to say, I had a hangover the next morning. But hot damn did I have a good time.
Last December Fonti and I took part in a small Christmas show at the stable. In the first clip we're just showing the different gaits (Fonti is the second horse entering at the start of the video) and in the second clip we're part of a quadrille (horse no 4).
“Cookies and cream ice cream. I. Love. You.” I state to my Breyer’s Oreo ice cream as I’m eating it directly out of the carton.
19. Slept in a bed with a member of the opposite sex? - I'm beginning to wonder if this group of questions started out with a much younger age category than me...Yes, after 15 years of marriage, I'd say that I have on occasion slept in the same bed with a man. And a handsome one, too!
An evening spent at my sisters celebrating my nieces 31st birthday. Lily was so happy to be around my family. I loved watching my nephew pick her up and tickle her. It's wonderful to see the love others have for your daughter.
Stat-wise, its best stat is in Sp Attack. But because it’s a first stage Pokemon, its base stats aren’t that good.
17 Don't Wanna Hang My Rock'N'Roll Shoes
Today marked yet another day of change in the life of Katy Murray. It was the first morning in three weeks that I was able to wake up – without Advil in my system – knee-pain free. Absolutely pain free. I could not believe it, but I was afraid to test it out. I enjoyed a slow morning until I made a call and walked into bad news. Bad news sometimes is better than no news. I don’t mean to sound pessimistic when I share this quote:
Wennborg H, Bodin L, Vainio H, Axelsson G. Pregnancy outcome of personnel in Swedish biomedical research laboratories. J Occup Environ Med 2000; 42: 438-446.
Step Nine: Free motion quilt "the good egg" and the "the bad egg" on the pillow covers.
Anyone who thinks The Rangers are too big to fall is living in cloud cuckoo land, HMRC couldn’t give the preverbal two flying f**ks about the History of RFC , if they win their case they will not have a second thought about sending in the bailiffs to close The Rangers down.
After arriving at the lovely town of Caboolture we rapidly made our way north towards the mountains proper. For those of you who haven’t had the pleasure, the Glasshouse Mountains are a series of 16 volcanic columns (depending on the source, but really how hard is it to count mountains), that were once the cores of volcanoes that have long since weathered away. What makes riding through this area so great is that the roads surrounding these mountains are virtually flat until you get to the base of the mountain.
sunrise cannon and again at sunset,
I realize what life is all about,
(I will undoubtedly repeat that many times! :-)
Summary: When Rose Gardner sees a vision of herself dead while working her mundane job at the DMV she begins to brace herself for the moment of truth. Little does she know, fate will intervene and her mother ends up in her place. No longer has a slave to her strict mother, Rose begins to live her life while simultaneously figuring out who killed her mother. She writes a list of twenty eight and a half wishes that she would like to do before she dies among them: dance in the rain, kiss a man, do more with a man and go to Italy. With the help of her mysterious but cute next door neighbor and her sister Rose discovers how to live her life and also some secrets that will change hers.
Beyond the recognition and indemnification of key persons comes the task of quantifying the potential damage to the firm in the event of the disablement of a key person. Our job as underwriters is to help brokers and their clients deter-mine how much insurance is desired and justifiable.
he'd go into the kitchen to get a new
In fact, perseverance is needful for all kinds of things in life. Sure, sometimes we get lucky and more or less spontaneously produce something brilliant, but a lot of times, it’s a matter of practice. It’s a matter of showing up and trying, of getting up and going again after a tumble, of rewriting for the 9th time. I can’t even be particularly successful as a Christian without perseverance. Hebrews 12:1 says to run the race with perseverance. I Corinthians 13:7 tells us that love “always perseveres.” And how about this (I love this!)?
Today, over 100 years later, our economy has gone through another transformation. It’s easy for businesses to set up shop and hire workers anywhere they want in the world. And many of you know firsthand the painful disruptions this has caused for a lot of Americans. Which is why I recently signed a free trade bill that will send over 500,000 jobs to South Korea, Venezuela, and Panama.
From subtle stripes...
Salt - 1 Pinch
Indeed, as Article 6 of the Code of Conduct states: Law enforcement officials shall ensure the full protection of the health of persons in their custody and, in particular, shall take immediate action to secure medical attention whenever required.’ In this regard we should be comforted in knowing that the Malaysian government has taken medical advice and has been assured that the tear gas is not injurious to our health.
Inevitably, the above mentioned statement is applicable also in time management.
Key: X = time you arrive N = time announced
I did a quick starter on it. That is where the starter is made just before brewing and only has about 4-5 hours to bud and start eating some maltose. By the time I pitched, I didn't see any activity. Still, the airlock was moving nicely on the next day.
Landon was pretty excited to start school today, and I was cautiously optimistic! He has had a tendency in the past to have anxiety when thrown into new social situations. He woke up in a great mood and was genuinely happy to meet his new classmates.
In the still sleeping town and set forth.
Fine Time
Sometimes when I am working on a digital scrapbook I like to look through several different element folders and just drop things I like onto a blank page like this . . .
2/3 cup plain yogurt
The clergy have been and are going to take the hits here. That is OK. We were called to this profession because we did want to follow Jesus with our entire beings. And Jesus did land at the cross. We have no right to ask for a nicer fate. Others might, we can’t.
“Really. What’s your inspiration?”
ROM 1:5 By whom we have received grace and apostleship, for obedience to the faith among all nations, for his name:
First of all, I want to thank you so much for your kind comments regarding my husband’s photography from yesterday’s post. He doesn’t like me making a fuss over it, or even mentioning when he is the photographer but I have told him before that I will not take credit for another person’s work. I did tell him at the dinner table tonight what some of you said.
Consider King's example:
Have a great weekend, y'all!
93. Make a meal from scratch together
130/65…2:20
- Naaaaaah. Have you seen The Rock? Transformers 2 and The Island aside, I generally quite like a bit of Bay. There, I said it.
Having a fire engine with a full complement of firefighters in the driveway is reassuring when there is a fugitive in the woods. Being protected in our sleep by so many law enforcement and emergency workers makes me feel secure. Knowing that police patrol cars, helicopters, search dogs, firefighters, and ambulance drivers know where I live is comforting when one lives at the end of a gravel road in the Hereford Zone. However, sleeping through the arrival of the aforementioned emergency personnel is rather unnerving–not to mention the need for them to be there in the first place.
Theoretical concerns. The nature of language, so reading Wittgenstein, indeed often playing with his own language, but also the nature of perception and so reading Austin’s Sense and Sensibilia. Feminism, the construction of gender, the relative treatment, roles, burdens of women globally. In that context, what does it mean to say, to know? How is being a woman implicated in each and every one of my actions, of any woman’s actions? How can language, poetry, be a means to articulate those experiences, those understandings? Kristeva, Irigaray, and Cixous, here are useful to me. Politics more generally come into the work, most recently war and torture, the Bush Administration’s wars of adventure and plunder and the consequences to lives, cultures, human rights. How does one write in the midst of horror, articulate one’s inherent complicity? I live here, this is/was my government. It is not clear to me that poetry is any effective means of grappling with these issues, but in writing I seek a means of both engaging with and articulating that vexed territory. Landscape and the environment, a sense of place, are also at the heart of my thinking and work. I have moved around so much, I think I have no longer any place which is my own. A common condition, no doubt. One of the consequences, going hand-in-hand with global industrialisation and unrestrained capitalism, is the degradation and loss of places, both in terms of environmental integrity and the inherent character of a place. I live in Lafayette, Louisiana, the heart of Acadian culture in the United States, and though much about that culture thrives here, it is in a compressed form: the music, the food, and, to a lesser extent because of the systematic efforts to extinguish it in the first half of the last century, the language. The landscape, however, is increasingly decimated by oil and natural gas exploration, the chemical industry, suburban sprawl, and coastal erosion which is itself linked to the oil industry, as well as to the carving of shipping channels through the wetlands and the restraint of the Mississippi River to a course which forces its load of sediment out past the edge of the coastal shelf. So living here, where I thought to find my neighbours speaking Acadian French, there are almost none who do. Where the coast is but a short drive away, it is littered with industry and vanishing at an astonishing rate. Where the bottomland forests and swamps give rise to an extraordinary landscape of land that grows ever more wet as it approaches the coast, becoming at last the prairie tremblant, I live in the midst of Popeye’s Chicken, Chili’s, Domino’s Pizza, Target, and Walmart where sidewalks are almost non-existent, automobiles king, and the only ‘wild’ land within reach is a scant 10 acre park at the edge of town, also serving as a trailer park. Reading on place: Bachelard, J.E. Malpas, Edward Casey, Yi Fu Tuan.
Our cleaning lady cried today. Next week will be the last week we need her and she's not handling it well. She met us way back when, back when I was newly pregnant. She met Coco a few days after she was born and has been her faithful companion ever since. They're peas and carrots. I told her I'd always send her pictures of the kids and keep her updated on what they were doing and she started crying. It was awful.
sentiment onto a Spellbinders die cut label shape in lilac.
As much as I like the movies, that’s a dorky-ass stereotype, and the couple has to get off the horse eventually and go home.
George: "Thank you, Biff, may I have another?"
This is not an easy task because our flesh will fight against this. Our friends and co-workers will do everything in their power to draw us away from the Father and closer to the world they choose to reside in. We must stand firm in the “Full Armor of God” as set forth in Ephesians 6 and we must develop close friendships with others who desire intimacy with God and then follow the command of Ephesians 6:18 (NASB) which instructs us that “With all prayer and petition pray at all times in the Spirit, and with this in view, be on the alert with all perseverance and petition for all the saints.” We must walk and pray in the Spirit and give up any hope in ourselves or in others and instead do all things through the power of the Holy Spirit.
summaries. Gabriel Suswan
but why the heck not give em a whirl?
“When it comes to your information and decision-making processes, you want a system that takes care of both your internal and external resources. By combining a flexible software program for managing resources with an open platform to maximize all systems in real-time, you get the best of both worlds with a SAP ERP solution.” See full article here.
One-Pot Option: For delicious and quick one-pot meal add one pound of diced chicken breast (or one pound of peeled de-veined shrimp) in with the oil and ramps in Step 5, and saute till cooked through. Then return drained pasta mixture and continue recipe.
Florist/Caterer/Rentals: My future mother-in-law of course!
TODAY
And the things that everyone does, especially freelances who work for themselves:
Eric Gordon, editor of the Camden New Journal spoke about alternative models of ownership and Barry Fitzpatrick, head of publishing for the NUJ also spoke about how newspapers change hands and the need for investment if regionals are to provide in-depth quality news coverage.
08. Revolutionary (Bang The Drum)
But first, bio time!
If you like the skin, don't bother...
I pulled this one out of my record collection to listen to over the weekend, because I thought of them after listening to the Nazi Dust 7" ep(a new release). After listening to the ND ep I was like.. this reminds me of Void and maybe some Subverse. So I dug out the Subverse ep to see if my memory was correct. It wasn't really. The vox are sorta similiar, and some of the riffing, but Subverse have a sound that goes from thrashing hectic hardcore, to some slower Amebix type parts. At any rate think RKL meets Amebix.
My new discovery of the evening is that I really do enjoy Chopin. Currently I’m listening to Prelude in E-minor (Op. 28 no. 4). I haven’t really sat down and listen to classical music in a while. You tend to forget how soothing it could be.
The Woodpecker
We went to a café on rue Abbesses, and he did most of the talking. But I was proud and excited that I kept up—probably because we were talking about interesting things like music, traveling, France and politics. He was cool. I liked him. I will say, towards the end, he got very French on me—he was talking, talking, talking, super fast and animated, and that’s when I sort of checked out, wondering if all French people just really like hearing themselves pontificate. Plus, it was like 1:30 and I was ready to go home and sleep. I just didn't want to commit the worst faux pas of suddenly saying 'it's time for me to go' when he was talking about the meaning of life or something. And here in Paris, you can’t rely on the service to come to your rescue. After our drinks were delivered, we didn’t see our waiter until we flagged him down, three hours later.
But, I've decided that I am not going to keep this skirt; it's mostly linen, it's a little big and a little long on me, and well...I don't love it like I should really love it. I'm sorry, skirt, it's not you, it's me! It's going to go to a good home (Megan's) where it will get the love it deserves.
Level 15: Mastery: +40%, Accuracy: +90.
Ministry of Justice: A new campaign that explains how the public can have their say on the work offenders carry out on Community Payback was launched today by Justice Secretary Jack Straw and Home Secretary Jacqui Smith.
Well, I've officially been in the hospital for 13 days.
PAGE C, CRISPO N, BIRKHEAD GS, DRABKIN P, KONDRACKI S, MORSE DL. Outbreak of Influenza A in a nursing home – New York, December 1991 – January 1992. MMWR 1992; 41: 129-131.
This is where Christina had to make a decision for who was staying and who was going home. She said she has a special connection with Lindsey’s voice and Ashley is such a dynamo performer. But as always she has to go with what is in her heart and she has to go with Lindsey Pavao.
It's awkward-funny how this usual laundromat man keeps on misspelling my name with an additional E at its end - and I don't even mind him being incorrect. He has even asked me for the asdfth time if he was spelling it right and I always reply aye - even if he writes my supposedly four-letter moniker in five bold ones instead. He redundantly bellows me the same circle of questions but I don't dislike how ignoramus our short-lived friendship is. He must be in his 50s and the way he gulps alcohol on an every-midday basis would plainly elaborate his thinning brain cells and echolaliac questionnaire.
Well, we all know, the times have changed in football. Rules have changed. Defenses have changed. Strategies have changed. Football, even more than baseball, should have statistics like OPS+ or ERA+ that are adjusted to the time. For instance, I happen to think that Otis Taylor was a better receiver than all four of them but he played in such a different time and his numbers are so much less impressive (410 catches, 7,306 yards, 57 touchdowns) that he simply cannot get any Hall of Fame momentum built up.
That in the University of Oxford there has till recently, if not till now, been maintained more or less, a sympathetic veneration for the ideals of Charles I. and Archbishop Laud, is scarcely to be questioned. Oxford was the chosen seat and centre of Charles' religious and political inspiration and influence. It was absolutely identified with his cause and his principles, absolutely identified not only with Charles, but with the Church of England of that age, which claimed him as its royal head, and with its masterful and all-powerful High-Church archbishop. Oxford stood for the hereditary monarchy and the national Church with its Episcopacy. It was an Anglo-Catholic stronghold. Cambridge was never so identified with ecclesiastical ideas. Oxford, in short, stood for hereditary monarchy in the Stuart line, and for Laudian High-Churchmanship. The University was the school for inspiring and training adherents of “high” principles in Church and State; its representatives had in this sense made its memory famous and its influence commanding. Its earnest adherents among bishops and clergy were counted by hundreds; its spell touched with something like awe the great majority of English people. The result upon the country as a whole was to inspire the nation generally with a horror of Popery, and at the same time a dislike of all forms of Dissent. The combination of these two deep-seated prejudices rendered, for a century or more after the Restoration, all thoughts of a generous and enlightened parliamentary policy of religious liberty for the nation vain all proposals looking in that direction futile. Hence, the leaden materialism of the eighteenth century, during which no political measures of national enlightenment or modern largeness of thought and sympathy were possible, and the one great motive force for moral education and Christian progress was as is now generally acknowledged the Evangelical Revival with which the names of Wesley and Whitfield are associated. The old fashions and habits of religious opinion and observance remained in the soil of the national life; they were the legally recognised religious and educationalforms and forces of the country. Of these the University of Oxford was the chief source and centre. Cambridge was less famous and less influential; in particular, it was not a national school of religious conviction.
So now it's my turn to make post some questions and tag some ladies!
The local hospital did the billing, but it was the town that set the policy, Mr. Croft noted. That policy was reflected in budget documents that Ms. Palin signed.
* Current messages aren’t resonating. The polling exercise concluded that what the farmer is saying is completely different from what the consumer hears. The Table outlines some of the common phrases that are used to describe production agriculture today and what the consumer “hears” when the message is presented.
I block the roads, and drift the fields with snow;
june didn't have hair until she was two.
White cattle egrets,
i have like six drafts of six different, incomplete blog posts just sitting on my dashboard and somehow, none of them seem right. so i've been tiptoeing around my blog, hoping to be struck by inspiration for writing something interesting and/or awesome, and mostly shirking my responsibilities as a blogger. it's been so bad. (also there are other things, like the writing-of-books and the touring-for-the-books and the matter of rolling around in piles of fresh laundry, but we all know that these are just EXCUSES! amiright?) (oh hey, while we're not even on the topic, i'd like to point out that i've finally updated all my tabs! look how nice and organized and information-filled they are now! hopefully i will continue to actually update these things! like a grown up! etcetera!)
A FOSTER mum was almost stabbed to death by an illegal immigrant teenager placed in her care by city social services.
These were also years of great struggles for freedom. The names of Don Pedro Albizu Campos, Elias Beauchamp, Hiram Rosado, and such criminal act as the Ponce Massacre, could not possibly escape the attention of Puerto Rican children of the era. During my early years, my father was a Cadet of the Republic, an organization which at that time had as its primary purpose recruiting volunteers for a Puerto Rican Army, sometimes called the Liberation Army.
So I waiting in all day for a parcel that never even came close to getting here….
When I first got the software, there was an awful lot happening at home and on the work front, added to which I have been using my phone as a camera – not ideal really. I am getting a compact digital camera for Christmas and I can’t wait….! I feel that I have made some lovely pages using the program, but the possibilities for the future are endless, and I have only just scratched the surface:
I have a vase of parrot tulips in my home, made of silk. I NEVER thought I would EVER have silk flowers in my home, never say never. When I first saw the vase I thought they were real, they looked so bright and happy somehow.
Sheriff Ross Carr...Rich Hamilton
I cut out two rectangular shape from a sheet of clear shrink plastic, tracing out a chipboard frame from Crafty Individuals - A4 chipboard die-cut sheet (Mini frames & swirls)
- leather straps on both sides to adapt the capacity of the bag
Morning comes. I get up and walk to the center of the room. They’re still sleeping. I bark to let them know it’s morning.
0x21 seems to be the request type, which is made up of three things detailed in the USB spec. It's standard so should transfer straight over.
So thank you, Dear Concerned Cousin. I love you. I appreciate the examination opportunity brought to me by your pushing of my buttons. May my pushing of your buttons bring about great joy and love for you and yours.
Without further ado, here’s the list:
1/2 head green leaf lettuce, cut into salad size bites
***I once got into trouble when I likened unrealistic martial arts training methods as being the fight equivalent of having sex with blow-up dolls. I do not suggest you read that blog post which you will find by CLICKING HERE.
The big concern for years was adding games to the schedule. Let’s fix that a couple ways. For one, everyone plays 8 conference games now. Let’s cap it at that (you heard me Larry Scott). We’re cutting that back. We’re also cutting down 2 preseason games. It will hurt USC being able to go to Hawaii, but it will eliminate that weekend or two where you get treated to Ohio State vs Youngstown State or LSU vs Louisiana Tech or Florida vs Florida Inter-fucking-national. Those games are just about home games and money. Last week, the University of Florida cut it’s science department and raised the budget for athletics. A school that takes money away from science for football doesn’t deserve more games. They should just be rich like USC and pay for everything. Duh. Read a manual, South.
Downtown from Elliott Bay.
And if you want to watch this garden as it grows and I take anal retentive photos of every step of its life and then record all of its harvests down to the last ounce and go completely monkey ass bonkers - you can follow me on myFolia, look at the myFolia gadget on the right nav bar, there or read this blog. Also, do not forget about The Finny Farm - it's the home for Crazy.
The Shakopee Mdewakanton Sioux Community has a charitable giving program which comes from a cultural and social tradition to assist those in need. The Shakopee Mdewakanton Sioux Community, a federally recognized Indian Tribe in Minnesota, is the owner and operator of Mystic Lake Casino Hotel, Little Six Casino, Playworks, Dakotah! Sport and Fitness, The Meadows at Mystic Lake, and other enterprises on a reservation south of the Twin Cities.
And in the midst of all of it, simply gave myself over to a life that was all about pleasure…all about me…all while talking myself into the idea that it wasn’t really evil, and it wasn’t really all that bad: Heck, as long as I made sure to get to church from time to time, sit in on the service, and tell God I loved Him…that ought to take care of the “religious” side of life.
Unbelievably this week one of my blogs reached the magic number of 5,000 hits, it has been read by almost 5 times the number of people of my next most popular..... I have mixed emotions about this as it is the lovingly titled “Getting in touch with your inner Tranny ” and does not exactly show me at my manly best...
I love reading the book of Proverbs and teaching it to my children. This particular verse really got my Older children’s attention. My 7 and 9 year old had light bulb moments after coming across this verse.
But Shearing laid the quintet to rest in 1978, except for occasional revivals.
I LOVE the chandelier, it has been so easy to clean since it doesn't have any glass. If I could take it with me I could.
I've created a doctrine for colonization in the face of a possibility of war. Underground is the Terran staple and the better coverage a planet is against orbital bombardment the better candidate.
“Three.”
Other stuff that wasn't suitcases or food.
A photo collage I made on Picasa and uploaded to Walgreen's. This is from an afternoon at the Pier last summer. The kids always have fun building castles, digging for shells and splashing around. A great way to cool off on those hot days. :)I had borrowed a neighbors Life's a Beach cricut cartridge. Before I gave it back, I cut out more shells, the sand dollar and castle just for these photos. I used a sketch I found on the Scrap Room blog. I LOVE how this turned out. It is pretty flat too, but without losing that dimensional, textural feel. A huge plus in my book!!!! It won't be eating up a ton of space in my album. I fussy cut some of the flower out of the patterned paper I matted my collage on. I also cut the back out of the base piece. Makes my paper stretch further. Notice there is no cardstock used? LOL
We can debate and theorize why this is, I have my own opinions, but let's table that discussion because recently some people in the area have become more brazen and lawless and we need to figure out what to do to get make it clear that there are penalties for these lawless actions. If that means the giant Star Wars AT-AT looking tower comes, back, if that means more cops standing on corners, so be it. Because it's clear there's a growing level of lawlessness going on, and if we don't start doing the little things like calling 311 for our street lights to be working, the bigger things like pressuring our 77th Precinct and local politicians to be active then we are letting the thugs, the cowards and the lawless win.
That said, the big one to watch carefully this year is Google+. It’s growing quickly and will accelerate as it gets adopted by companies at the enterprise level. Have at least a presence and cultivate a deeper, dialog-driven relationship that’s different than what you can do on more constrained social media sites like Twitter.
He’d also just gotten back from a tour in Vietnam.
So, congratulations to Angela on a very successful first year. Here’s to lots more, and I’m excited to see what comes next for the Cookery School and for Llanerch Vineyard!
Stationary mobile + other form of music to lull Baby to sleep or that crazy plastic Cadillac of mobiles that does everything but change Baby's diaper (because then it would be a done deal).
Below are some of our favourite ways to stretch, release, relax and refresh during desk time.
We need to see atleast two performance right since this is an audition. JB’s group was up next and they did what usual Idol’s do. Nothing really special except that Nana was off pitch. Damn.. So that means Team B was the winner of the first challenge. They celebrated their victory sharing food courtesy of Professor Trelawney, I mean.Tae Yeon.
When my mom and dad were first married, she knew nothing about house-keeping, cooking, etc. Their beginning reminds me of Loretta Lynn’s story in the movie Coal Miner’s Daughter, except my mom did not learn to play the guitar and her father was a carpenter. She did have a good voice however, and was blessed with that exceptional gift of perfect pitch. I’m sure she was influenced musically by my Grandpa, who played the fiddle and accordion – but she didn’t pursue music after the kids came along.
The mysteries of God mentioned here are the mystic secrets of Divine doctrine and off the Sacraments of Christ. For both these are mysteries of Christ, intrusted by Him to Paul and the other Apostles as His stewards. Hence it was that the strife and divisions of the Corinthians arose from a dispute about the Sacrament of baptism, inasmuch as one would boast that he had received baptism from Paul, another from Apollos. Cf. ch. 1:13.
The Vietnam War, begun in the early 1960s and accelerated by President Nixon in the latter part of that decade, was increasingly unpopular as TV news showed us its human casualties on a nightly basis. Tens of thousands of young people were being killed.
The Gaoping Family Planning confiscations have their roots not in the Family Planning restrictions, but in the Shaoyang orphanage. Area residents reveal that before 2000, Family Planning officials would punish a family for having an overquota child by smashing their furniture or destroying their homes. "Since 2000 they haven't smashed homes. They abduct children," one local resident stated. The change occurred when the orphanage began to reward the Family Planning official who confiscated a child with 1,000 yuan cash. Now, instead of having to expend energy smashing a couch or end table, the officials could simply take the child and be paid nearly a month's salary as a reward.
Intelligence offers her the beak-mind of surrender, rule of 8 over 9
173. Kris also ever mentioned by Amber f (x) on the album ‘Pinocchio’
Not shown is the stitching through all layers of the waist at all seams which prevents the elastic twisting and bunching in the casing. Result - jeans I can wear without showing my knickers to the world if I sit down!
Finally I remember I got something interesting to update fml. That is Cinco De Mayo. *silence*
The policy of the office is for businesses and organisations in the historic centre to contribute the funds they internally allocate to conservation, towards the heritage restoration and development plans designed by this authority.
I’m rooting for Will, although their love story really didn’t capture me, at all! I think Clare hoped to create a better Jace, but failed. And that is the part which I don’t understand, Clare already perfected her Jace formula, why repeat it again with Will? It’s the main reason why to me, Will seemed like a prototype of Jace, a draft or something. Will didn’t even made me laugh, unlike Jace.
Not discouraged, he continues, “So, what can I call you?”
conflate, to even falsify events and finally, by an act of apparent magic, apply the angled cricket bat of fancy to the hard, straight ball of fact, sending it rushing on some surprisingly new trajectory.
Hi all, I'm back. I guess my hiatus was more of a hia...
This is one of the more ingenious recipes in Joy of Cooking.
Plastic, rubber, or rawhide hammer
“This bit is a little gory,” we’re warned as a limp chick is plucked from a carefully marked container. Alpha, the spotted eagle owl that’s perched complacently on the gloved hand of his handler, grows excited at the prospect of a tasty meal. The yellow chick is dangled in mid-air and Alpha looks like he knows this routine well: he lifts his head, opens his hooked beak and swallows the baby bird on offer in one gulp.
You can find me in the extremes. Fully alive, in the widest expanse I’ve known.
Who would benefit: The obvious audience is teens whose friends are asking about God. The book is also written for readers who may have doubts of their own. You don’t need to be 100% sure about all things theological before you start reading.
Traditon- P.J.'s and race to see who can put them on the fastest...I won! JK, I think I am the only one is this family that isn't competitive. It's fun to watch them go crazy!
Here is our new sketch for the week. A nice easy one to put together, no fuss and no time consuming stuff. Just a couple of nice pps, some fabulous embellishments and a couple of easy photos. One for the busy weeks :-)
Supplies: Cherry Cobbler, Early Espresso, Very Vanilla and Certainly Celery cardstock. Crumb Cake, Early Espresso, Certainly Celery and Cherry Cobbler ink. Antique brads, mini vintage tags, Hemp twine, 2 step bird punch, Finial press embossing folder, Fun flowers Bigz L die, frost shimmer paint, sponges
Mario Kart is a classic and is my #1 Mario spin-off game!
So now that we’re about to begin, you’re probably asking, What are we going to do, and how are we going to do it? Well, we’re going to give you everything you need to make a body change—through a series of elegant and effective changes based on hard science—that will stick with you for your life.
I think hippies are awesome. I don’t mean the pot-smoking music lovers of the 1960′s. I mean the new-millenium hippies. Think about it… they want to save the earth and stop war and animal abuse and promote family and small business and all that good stuff. Who doesn’t think those are great, worthy causes?
OH ME OH MY! What an amazing LO! The colors just grab you...surrounding an AMAZING picture! Beautiful! Please feel free to grab our Shoe of the Week blinkie from our sidebar!
So if you’re a designer, brush up on your knowledge of language and grammar. If you’re an editor, think about learning some basic design principles.
A memory stuck on repeat, how she did love butterflies.
Dinopedia
To answer, it may first be worth thinking about “Third World Consciousness,” that is, how men and women in poorer, less-developed regions think and feel about the world and their position within it. These “wretched of the earth,” as Frantz Fanon termed them, are more likely to draw upon myth, fable, superstition, religious belief and metaphysics to make sense of their conditions than citizens of the First World who, as the Senegalese poet Leopold Senghor puts it, “study reality from the coolly detached vantage of clinical scientific observation.”
They say that architecture is frozen music. In which case, I thought, gazing up the column by my shoulder to where it sprang up and out into the vault, music is surely liquid architecture. What I'm sitting in - what those nameless medieval masons built - is a fugue in stone; a fugue that you can live inside. And perhaps a piece of music is therefore a building that sings.
· Ability to understand and interpret business requirements to design and develop technical specifications for large and complex applications
How did they get that bad? I couldn’t tell you, except that I was right in the middle of a particularly busy time and my lowest priority was painting Cocoa Mist onto my toenails. But when I came home, I repented. I soaked, I buffed, I filed, I polished. I even slathered them with lotion and wore thick socks to bed, which I think Vogue says is something you should never do if you want your husband to find you even remotely attractive. You think that would be the end of it, me and my now-shiny feet padding off into the warm sunset of a thousand pedicures. But no.
I thank God for showing me His truth, I don’t have to subject myself to those lies that satan tries to feed me, now don’t misunderstand me there are times when I still fall into those lies but just then God reminds me that it’s not true and I don’t have to believe the enemy.
He suffered under Pontius Pilate, was crucified, died, and was buried.
It’s living, breathing, evil.
Subscribe by email to Download
I've kept in mind what your hands are like:
Paul knew firsthand the importance of God’s power at work in his life, to endure difficult times and even spiritual persecution. He prayed that his friends in Colossae would know God’s mighty power at work in their own lives so that they could have endurance, patience and joy (v11). Paul knew that God had rescued them from the domain of darkness (v13) and brought them into the light of Christ (vv12-13). God had changed their lives! And the same power that had changed their lives would sustain them through the trials of life. Since Christ had paid the penalty for their sins and given them forgiveness, He would empower them to live a transformed life. We should pray the same for our friends.
I hope you like this card and I hope also that you will give me a comment.
a small amount of food, etc.
I love ‘people watching’! Many of us do. My wife and I often make an outing of it. For those asking, “What is people watching?” you’re missing out! ‘People watching’ is exactly what the name implies; watching people. You find a place where large groups of people are gathering and get at it. Watch. Watch and wonder. Silently ask yourself the keystone questions: who, what, why, when, where & how? Whether you have officially engaged in the internationally sanctioned activity of people watching or not, you have had the opportunity to be in the company of large gatherings of people. In that setting it’s very easy to get caught up in the superficial: What are people wearing? (see ‘Walmart photos’ on any search engine) WHY are they wearing it? How did that guy end up with her!?, etc. Certainly those observations can be fun and often amusing, but how much thought do we give to the people themselves and their lives?
In 1984, Michael Radford turns George Orwell’s future nightmare into reality. Life is grim. The Inner Party manages to create a cult of personality around the menacing Big Brother. Perhaps the most standout features of the film are its dialogue and its cinematography.
Finally, you must make sure that the game isn’t crippled by movement issues. It’s a grid (typically in Facebook games), so it is important that when people move objects, this is registered, and doesn’t bungle up the game. I know for this game it probably required some tweaking or patching, but with everything else going on I didn’t even give it the chance to say sorry. Unplayable game.
The first was that after twenty-one years of being a stay-at-home -mom, my mother decided to break out her Latex gloves (ha, when I first wrote that I felt like I was writing about my mother's return to being a Madam or dominatrix...I watch too much CSI) and medical textbooks and head back to work. I guess she had empty nest syndrome, and found that gardening and going to the country club for lunch every day just wasn't as fulfilling as she originally thought. She's working two days a week, full-time, and then another day doing in-patient therapy, which doesn't seem like a lot, but I guess being out of the swing of things for so long, it's a lot for her to do and still manage the house.
That’s what we did on July 27.
Part three of my new ongoing series on my journey chronologically through my entire Itunes library. I’m still amidst the A’s, and find this task hard to stick with, but I feel it will be rewarding in the end. Also music is life, so it’s perfect.
Someone coughing
-Charlie Chaplin
share all moments of joy and pain
I think of you, sometimes I smile
even though it is such a silly idea.
“ As I stated to the Foreign Affairs Ministry representative: “We feel strongly that Sweden has in the past been misled by the extremely one-sided information which was spread by the African National Congress and the SA Communist Party and which forced the Swedish government to act against the interests of the Afrikaners. Hopefully the same sense of fairness guiding the Swedes then will now work in our favour now that we Afrikaners have become the victims of the ANC’s ethnic-cleansing campaign, carried out under the guise of ‘crime’.
I was outside doing yard work as always , since it is spring. I just got my patio cleaned off from winter and fall leaves and branches . Then it stormed again last weelend and then I had more tree branches and those twirle things , we use to call them helicopters.
Mo-Vem-Beer is for those who can’t, won’t or really shouldn’t grow a mo but who want to support the cause. Beer Blokes encourage all those facial-follically challenged to raise money instead by purchasing and drinking beers which are in any vague way linked to the letters M and O. As those who participated last year will recall, this is really not very difficult at all. In fact the more random, far-fetched and loosely related the beers are to the MO theme, the better they taste!
I ran.
I've got to go and get dressed and find the dog. It's time to take him for a walk. It looks like it's going to rain and I want to go out there before it does.
Of the fortunate there are also many. They were in the right place at the right time. They got a job with Microsoft when starting out in their career and decades later their stock options were worth millions.
Survival mode.
Favorite dish: Savino Sorbet
I have,in this blog,already written about one of my neighbours(the guitar post,remember?)
I used purple and green buttons to match her purple and green dresses, and the
Scars on Broadway, the collaboration between guitarist/vocalist Daron Malakian and drummer John Dolmayan, will make its network television debut on Tuesday, October 14 with an appearance on ABC-TV's "Jimmy Kimmel Live." While two songs will be broadcast on-air, the band will perform a free, five-song mini-concert on Kimmel's Outdoor Stage located right in the heart of Hollywood, CA, Scars on Broadway's home base.
Sugarpill Cosmetics Eye Shadow in Tako
we want to know is how to push some buttons and have God respond quickly.
where all the veins meet, yeah.
So I brought groceries in last night and I thought that I'd put up everything that was perishable or desirable to a certain dog that we all know, but apparently I'd overlooked one item way down in a bag of canned goods that I'd just set back in the pantry instead of shelving them like I should have. I found the remains of that item, an empty cardboard box that once held two sticks of butter, next to Murphy's dog bed when I got home from work. Somehow he'd found the box of butter in that bag (bought to replace the last four sticks of butter that he'd eaten a couple of weeks back) and he ate both of these sticks, too. What is it with this dog and butter?
If you look carefully, you will notice the poetry of the city sweep through the air. An energy that shuffles with a rhythm that matches the pace of your stride, totally malleable. You can test it by slowly down and picking up, it stays with you and the only certainty about it is that it’s always there.It will always find you. And even the tempo changes, the timbre of it all never does. The texture remains thick and dense and sometimes even subtle, all at the same time. So impenetrable and undeniably present in fact that while you study the vendors on some side arcade of a bustling street you feel like if you stretch you arms out and keep your hands open long enough you might just be able to catch some of it in your palm and let it swim there a while. So you try. Just like that, and in the midst of your pseudo-meditation you’re pushed over by the drone of a stampeding crowd. Always a stampeding crowd. Groups, going somewhere, always. As you steady your stance against the murky, stained glass of a corner store that sells dodgy electronics, fire-crackers, the odd cell phone charger (and possibly doll-house sized tubs of some or other menthol ointment), you notice the sari clad woman sitting between the angle of your feet and displaced balance. Humming. Back and forth. Just humming. You straighten up and find your way forward in the momentum of some more stampeding.
“He said not before 10am.”
Chairman: J. Bruce Ismay (Titanic Survivor)
unspeakable crimes during the 1999 conflict, later acquired political and economic power, and still exercises “violent control” over the drugs trade.
I am so genuinely inspired by other runners of all levels and abilities. I am truly awed by the elite runners who race so fast and with so much heart, and I am just as awed by the new runners finishing their very first 5k with just as much heart. There is nothing like being at the finish line of a race and watching the runners - the fastest and the slower - finish. I cheer for every one of them for all I am worth and it makes me cry every time.
One face looks from all his canvases,
In this zone of substitution, Brady breaks with Proust and the thrall of recapturing. The highly personalized narration is never trapped in, never allowed to “puke dumb factuality”. It is a story of Brady’s boyhood and, by extension, the land and the time he spent in the woods near his home, but at a cellular level beyond paradigms like personality, land use, gentrification, homelessness, low culture and cultural imperialism. The substitution comes closer to the real violence and falsifications inherent in these terms and in memory itself. This happens because of the visceral quality such substitution lends to the text. More than that of Marcel Proust, Occupational Treatment bears the trace elements of Francois Rabelais in the way that characters—as subjectivities which cling tenuously to scattered ‘I’s’, tags, initials nameless groups like the tent dwellers—become bodies in excess of particularity, aligned with the grotesque transmogrifications of the land.
Critics and opponents of Atlantic Yards have continued to argue that rival developer Extell, who submitted a bid that offered $150 million in cash, was a far better plan. For unclear reasons, the MTA board negotiated solely with Forest City Ratner. Extell head Gary Barnett in a December 2007 interview with the Observer said he was shocked that he bid $150 million, and Forest City Chairman Bruce Ratner bid $50 million, yet Ratner was offered the deal.
5 least safe neighborhoods
Last year, I posted Goldie's birth story, but didn't go into any detail about receiving her diagnosis. This year, I feel better able to talk about it. I can look back and see the best and the worst of myself. I've forgiven myself for the worst and let go of the guilt.
There is stinking sewerage behind all the buildings around the entrance to the Yacht Mole. The complete railway line is covered in tons of rubbish, broken glass, an eyesore. I believe the municipal toilets should be demolished, and the half-round flower pots used by vagrants 24/7, should also be removed.
There’s another reason why Scarlett is unlikely to be pregnant – I seriously doubt whether The Pennster’s man-seed is up to the job. Actors who’ve led dissolute, drug-taking lives often end up with lackadaisical sperm that chase their own tails rather than making a beeline for the nearest egg. The couple must have had carnal relations, of course. A woman doesn’t shack up with one of Hollywood’s leading men unless she’s ready and willing to spread her legs for him. Refusing to oblige would have certainly provoked a huge tantrum from Penn, possibly culminating in Mel Gibson-like threats to burn the house down.
In the afternoon, I phone my friend, Brenda. She is 83 years old, but we have things in common, such as faith in God, a love of art, drama and writing, as well as the fact that we are both unconventional people. She says I shouldn’t feel a failure for not having a career, and tells me that I’m doing an important job looking after children. I do agree that it’s important, and the hardest thing to do, but wonder why it is just about the only job that is unpaid and unrecognised.
I'm also wanting to make a difference this year. I'd like to bring some changes to my life that I know I can swing if I work hard enough for them. So I've been slating out a better plan to help make that happen.
1. Nominate 15 fellow bloggers.
This is cropped to focus in on the sub and barge. There is also one of the smaller Coast Guard cutters just to the front of the sub however it is difficult to see as it blends in with the water so well.
The Lord Most High has given us our inheritance. The great King over all the Earth loves us. Draw close and sing, shout and know He has everything in control even when life feels out of control.
We don’t have a clue how to
French company Atos which has a £108 million per year contract with the government, in shocking news has failed to remove grossly missleading claims from its website, depite being ordered to do so by the Advertising Standards Authority http://www.asa.org.uk/ASA-action/Adjudications/2012/4/Atos-IT-Services-UK-Ltd/SHP_ADJ_180372.aspx ..... Their very fussy about their image, and like bullies can display a willful arrogance... their dodgy figures boast that
Lilah has lived in Sunshine all her life, and though Brady is just passing through, he has her abandoning her instincts and giving in to a primal desire. It's Brady's nature to resist being tied down, but there's something about Lilah and her menagerie – both animal and human – that keeps him coming back for more...
This is a great little booklet that can be made for any occasion. You could put a gift card, poem, pictures and stamped tags in the pockets. For the wrap instead of the usual ribbon I used VLVS! STEAMPUNK STRAP TAPE! To do this I took the tape and stuck the sticky side of clear tape to the sticky side of the Steampunk Strap Tape, carefully cutting excess tape away, use a dot of VLVS! Miracle Tape to keep it in place.
The court's decision compels the board to start afresh with a differently constituted panel. The hearing is likely to happen in a few months.
Neneh Cherry Woman S
Listen. I. Listen. Want. Listen. Life. Listen. I. Listen. Can’t. Stay. Listen. Listen. Listen. Still.
Her name tattooed above her ass
“They said they would take our land too.”
SBJKK Blog (sbjkkblog.wordpress.com) is a participant in the Amazon Services LLC and Amazon EU Associates Programmes designed to provide a means for sites to earn advertising fees by advertising and linking to amazon.com, amazon.ca, amazon.co.uk, amazon.de, amazon.fr, amazon.it and amazon.es. Certain content that appears on this website comes from Amazon Services LLC and/or Amazon EU. This content is provided “as is” and is subject to change or removal at any time.
Summing up what has been said: Where the spirit of lies is, there is also the spirit of murder, though he may not get to work or may be hindered. If he is hindered, he still laughs and is jubilant when murder is done, and at least consents to it, for he holds it right. But good Christians do not rejoice over any murder, not even over the misfortunes of their enemies. Since, then, Mohammed’s Koran is such a great spirit of lies that it leaves almost nothing of Christian truth remaining, how could it have any other result than that it should become a great and mighty murderer, with both lies and murders under the show of truth and righteousness. As, therefore, lies destroy the spiritual order of faith and truth, so murder destroys all temporal order instituted by God; for where murder and robbery are practiced, it is impossible that there should be a fine, praiseworthy temporal government, since they cannot think more highly of peace than of war and murder, or attend to the pursuits of peace, as one can see in soldiers. Therefore, the Turks do not regard the work of agriculture highly.
Can any of you suggest some options for pot plants that you've had success with?
And there you have it. Ten blogs I love that I'm passing the Zombie Rabbit fun onto. Love him, give him a home, maybe don't feed him after midnight.
Alcohol by volume: 5.4%
the bean leaf beetle is a nuisance, but it generally doesn't cause any problems beyond making your bean plants less than pretty. shaun decided not to treat these plants at all, even though you can see how much damage they've done to the foliage. it hasn't hurt our green bean crop in the least!
It was awesome.
Are these my favorite books?
Theosophy: A philosophic and religious “gnostic” current, a continuation and synthesis of ancient neo-Platonism and gnosticism which, in its newer form, was put forth mainly by the Theosophical Society (founded in 1875) by its founder Helena Petrovna Blavatski, a Russian “medium,” and now offered by the “New (Aquarian) Age” movement.
No, God created you to run through the streets with your hair on fire, proclaiming, “God damn life’s so fucking incredible!”
It’s not, of course. And it doesn’t come close to realizing it. If The Two Doctors was the story we could most readily believe was supposed to be an exorcism, this is the one it’s most difficult to give any real credence to. Everything about this looks like poorly written knockoff Doctor Who - the Meglos of the mid-80s. It’s by far the story that has the biggest problem with the 45 minute structure, with a second episode that just gives up on any sort of structured plot in favor of just running an endless sequence of climaxes until the clock finally runs out. The clone Borad is easily the single most flagrant attempt to stretch out the runtime of something since The Invasion of Time’s Sontaran surprise.
Europeans and Americans did all of this without the importation of all those smart risk-takers from China and India. If it is objected that other Europeans and Americans named the units, hence compromising its objectivity, in reply it can be said that it could be no other way. Europeans and Americans invented the sciences in which these measurements are used. Also, as far as I know, none of the scientists on these lists were Jewish.
Happy Fourth of July, from No Slipply Hair Clippy!
Stop the analysis, Just do it. Collaborate.
Jesus’ commentary about prayer is more than twice as long as His model prayer. The prayer, itself, is a marvel of simplicity and wisdom. It tells us to whom we are praying and for what we should pray. I believe that it also ranks what we pray about in priority order. This is significant, because we can focus on our Father and His kingdom and ask for daily provision before asking forgiveness! In this way, Jesus communicates the Father’s abundant mercy and grace. As Jesus has already said in this same sermon,
I can not take it anywhere to be looked at, until (I HOPE!) Thursday!!
Luckily though my mom has a similar computer and we could share her cord, so that’s what we did. Every few hours I could go on, and every few hours I would not be on.
THEY’RE EVERYWHERE!!!
January 01, 2011
And you stood there in front of me
Beauty breaks down, beauty cries
"On the twelfth day of Halloween, my true blood gave to me, twelve Ghouls a-Grumbling, eleven Skulls a-Screaming, ten Zombies Feasting, nine Werewolves Howling, eight Mummies Crumbling, seven Vampires Preying, six Creatures S'laying, five Ghoulish Things, four Severed Limbs, three Shrunken Heads, two Devil Bats, and a Senior Lon Chaney!"
Aidan Coleman
When we began this project as a family, I slowly started transitioning Beckett to organic. When she moved into a big girl bed, we snagged an organic mattress and wrapped it in an organic mattress cover. For Camden, we purchased organic bassinet sheets, but couldn’t stomach the investment of an entire organic bassinet made from natural materials. We had a perfectly good one (and consignment store find I might add!) that Beckett had used. But, the mattress was dreadful. It was a horrendous piece of foam lined with a PVC-based waterproof covering. The thickness was less than half an inch and it was a sorry excuse for any baby’s sleep surface. I didn’t know what the solution was.
For the past two weeks I've been working on chapters one and two, yet again. My most recent critique pointed out something that I hadn't really heard of but tend to do a lot. We've all heard of word echoes, but how about scene echoes. Apparently, I tend to tell the reader something and then show it.
Ja Bhai Jaa 2011 Hindi Movie Watch Online Full Movie
Finish Date: Dec. 9, 2009
Far away in the distance, men were working and talking. Everybody talks about money. But I just needed enough money to pay my bills off.
While it is widely accepted that we in Britain owe a debt of gratitude to immigrants for spicing up our culture with their cuisines, I wonder when the same level of recognition will be accorded to their musical input. Last week I was at a gig with a Middle Eastern bias. The musicians were two oud players and two percussionists (known as Double Duo), virtuosi with a repertoire nicely balanced between the traditional and the contemporary. The audience was very small yet that did not dishearten them nor cause them to play with any less enthusiasm. When I spoke to the performers afterwards I discovered that three of them are exiles from their homelands, hence the sublty internationalised appeal of their sound. We discussed how they might attract larger audiences and I suggested they might include a Mediterranean mezze feast in the ticket price.
I was so wrong but to start with
I have trouble relating to people who faint at the hint of a bad smell. A meep or glibber doesn't cut it with me. (I love meeps and glibbers, don't get me wrong, but I go looking for what made them!) That's the main difference between my stories...and HPL's. My guys fight back. Also, they like to have a laugh along the way.
Them: Oh ok good cause I don't want to lock myself down or kill myself
So obviously I was just fine and dandy with the c-section process. I did get annoyed by the Mother Earth bitches who claimed that I wasn't a real mom, that I hadn't really experienced childbirth because of the way my child was birthed, but I figured that breastfeeding for what felt like all of eternity evened things up in that arena.
We're so excited for our next in-house event!! Be sure to read to the bottom to see who our very special guest will be.
On the April 30 broadcast of SBS’ Good Morning, a camera crew made a visit to the set of SBS’s Rooftop Prince.
Barked an excitable Shag.
The same is true for your characters. If you have an office worker, instead of putting her (or him) in the same dark suit/white blouse as all the other workers, why not give her a bit of flare? Give her a brightly patterned scarf to go with that suit or put him in a pink shirt. And give her a reason for this. If you’re going to break the pattern, you should have a good reason. If it’s a character quirk, it has to be consistent with the rest of her life. You can’t have her being conservative in all aspects of her life and then suddenly wearing that bright yellow scarf for no reason at all.
For Chinese New Year, I had planned to make lettuce wraps, dumplings, wonton soup, chicken and broccoli, rice, and steamed cake for dessert. I made everything like I planned, with two exceptions: I forgot to start the rice early, and I forgot about the mango that I was going to slice to go in the lettuce wraps. Thankfully Mom had some rice in the freezer, but we didn’t end up eating it anyway.
Bloody Cornwall.
5. Back Again
He said that, although some Democrats are reluctant to make deep cuts to domestic programs, “enough are willing to accept them if the burden is fairly shared,” rather than the “cuts-only” approach of the Republicans that Obama said would “place a greater burden on working families.”
“Sure you are.”
Now I'm back at work...how did That happen??? Oh well...it's time to make a fresh pot of coffee and pretend to do some work. Enjoy the day!
* Saves money (every stop is “full” service)
He waved me into the room. “Come in.”
I decided not to do an ICYMI post for the Bayern Munich second leg game, because I couldn’t bear the thought of having to watch the game again to capture all the moments; I hope you can understand. With that said, there are still a few things I want to highlight from the game, including the amazing scene of the Bernabéu evoking the “spirit of Juanito.”
Please choose one of the pictured gift packs:
A few years ago I decided that Paul was mature enough to be able to go to the local garage and back to buy milk. You can’t expect a person to act responsibly unless they’re given responsibility, after all. To start with we had a few hiccups, where he’d wander into the park and roam around there for half an hour, sending me into a spin because I’d be scared he’d got lost, but once I decided to allow him to take Poppy for walk in the park, too, that stopped. Clearly he just wanted to be able to go in the park alone. I should probably mention that the garage is no more than 200 yards from our house and that the park is at the end of our street, so even closer.
Poem
the Gospel which he had
A man got the shock of his life when he opened a loaf of bread and found a whole mouse inside.
My personal experience living in Saudi Arabia tells me that Saudis love their country and are extremely proud of their country. Khaled spoke out because he loves his country and wants it to be even better. Is this wrong? Should he be jailed for wanting his country to be better? A country that doesn't allow criticism of its government or policies is an oppressive government.
I'm happy to be schooled by any of you out there who are better informed. Can anyone quote an accurate prediction - i.e. one which was actually completely correct in terms of the exact day (not plus-minus three, five, or seven days either side), and exact type (not disturbance of a tidal nature = earthquake, high tide, unseasonable bird migration etc.) of event - made by Ken Ring, ever?
There will always be periods of ups-and-downs, but I know I gotta work through it all with the same amount of strength and courage. Onward towards another holiday weekend! I hope you all enjoy Independence Day (if you're in the US, of course). Have a good one and see you again on Tuesday!
now center here on Bealtainne’s throne
I have no idea. It's speaking Swahili I think. At first I was convinced it was a girl. But then, I was convinced with Toddler too. I even cried when we found out he was a boy. Not because I really cared that much about the sex of baby, but because I was wrong! What kind of mother was I if my mommy intuition was so off??
Is that of a fading memory lost in the distance.
We created primitive assemblages in those boxes, complete with seashells, river rocks and seed pods (or dry beans and popcorn kernels if you couldn't find the cool stuff) filling each little square. We'd hunt through magazines for a dreamy nature photo--a seashore or forest scene, then we'd add a niche-appropriate plastic animal. The boxes were hung in our dens and kitchens, next to a macrame piece woven on a real branch, until bugs ruined the corn kernels or the seed pods grew moldy fuzz.
All in rows with my plants laid out where I think I want them. Granted, it isn't straight. I just eyeballed it. Brian uses string and stakes and makes his rows perfect. Um, I am not that much of a perfectionist. Then I took a nice long break, drank some ice water in the shade and called my mom for a chat.
That I know of.
DANIEL LAND AND THE MODERN PAINTERS – RUN SILENT RUN DEEP
District 17 (SE of District 16, Randolph, Birmingham, Claycomo, Glenaire, and Part of Liberty): It appears this will be the district where Rep. Myron Neth will be running.
Rules are that your contact has to know you by name and would be able to pick you out of a police line-up! Can anyone else beat “Queen in three”?
Was an apology enough for Unison?
Things have been going along well here. Both of us have been enjoying the overcast weather. Yesterday, we dug potatoes from the garden, harvesting a 5 gallon bucket full. We talked about what to make with so many potatoes: soup, home fries, mashers--all things that we rarely eat. I suspect that friends will be getting baskets of potatoes for a while.
The Electrician vacuumed all of my floors for me, and I just kind of hung-out. We turned on the computer when the Electrician noticed a post on his page, that said SEVERE weather was happening about 30 miles from us in Champaign, Illinois. No problem, our county isn’t in it. (Duh, it’s moving our way).
Tonight's Indiana Homebrewers Club meeting is postponed until next Tuesday, Feb. 19 at 8pm due to the inclement weather.
Plus, we know that there was no organized “abolish slavery” movement by leaders of the ruling class, either in Egypt or Rome. Granted, there were Roman slave revolts—a la Spartacus—but those were driven by slaves and not by any kind of moral imperative that questioned the practice.
Inks: Chocolate Chip, Soft Suede, Sahara Sand
Bell’s Winter White; Kalamazoo, Michigan, Belgian White, 5% abv
You liked this (3)
He presumed from this statement that the first print run would therefore consist of 500 copies of his book.
I had a bit of a laugh above about the "worldview defense" research of Pyszczynski and friends. I could see no good evidence for his claim that conservative views arise out of a need to defend a worldview.
because there’s no athores who’d be for me there
Although some may think of organizing a home as a daunting, dreaded task, the end result provides an extremely rewarding satisfaction and feeling of accomplishment. It may feel overwhelming at first because the tendency is to see the job as a whole. It appears to be an unending chore to be put off at all costs. However, the mind must be set to take this task in steps.
Because they still remember back in 1948 when the U.N. gave Israel back to your people- that THEY were the ones who were instrumental in getting the Palestinians (or more accurately historically---the Philistines) to oppose your GOD given right to live in your promised land.
Absolutely delicious if a little simple, this really delivers a great deal of pleasure – 91/100 points.
Part of what keeps it running is a great repair garage. Patrick and his brother John love cars, and love working on them, and are honest as the day is long. I hear what other people pay for things--like a catalytic convector—and know replacing the one in my car, cost half that amount—(and they are making money!) John doesn't have a new car—he has several muscle cars—that he's rebuilt—not a cheap hobby! Still what better quality in a mechanic than one who also does it for a hobby.
2. Sitting On A Hilltop-US Navy Cadence
Step fully into your power and realize that as you hold the vibrations of this awareness you offer it to all those that you encounter each moment of your day. You actually trigger others to remember who they are and you trigger their realization of their multidimensional genius. You are supporting the true evolution of consciousness within others. See them as beings of light like yourself. Imagine sending them a thought of peace and well-being. Consciously practice your telepathy. Trust us, you are using your telepathy at all times, you are just unconscious to the fact. However as the veil between the dimensions becomes more transparent, as you accept your partnership with your multidimensional self, you will realize how much you actually impact others and your world.
Happy July 4th.
She takes off a small old pink hair clip from her hair, which maybe Yukiatsu threw away in the woods at that time. Binding her hair again, she starts to study.
Free gathering, well sort of, for the strictly legal minded you can only gather on private land with the landowners consent, oops! Graveyards are private land!!! So looks like I was, after all, on the wrong side of the law this morning. Did you call the cops? Perhaps the police are preparing warrants now, trying to gather evidence of the weeds I have stolen- looks like I'm banged to rights, my garden is full of them!
Unfortunately, Mr Baey’s sudden change of ‘tune’ this time did not convince many netizens as illustrated by these comments on Hardwarezone forum:
Even my doctor commented today on how Winter like it is. I guess we were all really spoilt in March.
Ex-Google employee (and Google+ engineer lead) James Whittaker was recently in the news for blasting Google on the blog of his new employer, Microsoft, claiming Google was “desperate.” Whittaker was the second Google employee in the past six months to criticize Google+ for losing its spirit of innovation.
Whats even more satisfying is reading that Dana creates it because she likes to take a break from her computer and make something ephemeral by hand.
In two of the upstairs rooms we found artists’ studios, but unfortunately no artists! One creates astonishingly rich couture pieces from vintage and recycled textiles and glories in the name “Get Clobbered”!
2 socks that match orphans in my older daughter’s drawers
Grade: 2 1/2 burps.
Our last stop was at the Ochre Pits . Apparently there are lots of areas throughout the ranges where ochre was traditionally gathered, and the ochre here is not considered high quality, but it was really interesting to see how it is in vertical layers all just standing up along the riverbed. And the yellows are so bright! The kids were both asleep though and so did not get to see it. I think they both would have liked rubbing their fingers in the dusty ochre.
Husband wants another chance. He is begging me, with tears, and with words I so want to hear and believe, but I don’t.
my life.
The researchers found 41 per cent of those who cut their fat intake were more likely to have shed 5 per cent of their body weight in under a year than those who went on liquid diets, used non-prescription dieting supplements or followed popular slimming regimes such as the Dukan or Atkins diets, which combine high protein intakes with relatively large amounts of fat.
They both recently delved into the world of home brewing and were quite proud to give me a couple of samples of their latest efforts. Tom and his crew cooked up an Octoberfest a few months ago and Phil and friends brewed a Pale Ale.
Then there was the lad who stood at the corner of Broadway & Temple every afternoon reading aloud from a three ring binder into a microphone, the wire of which led into his back pocket. I was determined to stop and listen to what the hell he had to say that was so important to him but parking was never possible and I would just drive right by. On the day that I said to myself “Okay, this is it. I’m going to risk a ticket and hear him out,” he was gone, never to be seen again. I will never know what was in the binder. Could have been blank pages, could have been the ranting of a mad man, could have been the secret to life, the universe and everything.
There are many more feisty people like Katrina Halili, although not frank. Katrina Halili is really feisty and like what I said before, she shows off her bitchy side. People look up to her with respect because she doesn’t really care about the issues surrounding her. I also did admire her because she always admit her mistakes and she IS the real fighter.
There is no real reason kids today cannot be as free as kids a generation ago. That’s why, like the housewives of the ’50s, they need a liberation movement, too. Free-Range Kids is proud to sound the trumpets.
There were three murders on Durban beach on December 18 alone. And during the last eighteen days in December, there were 1722 assaults, 111 gunshot wounds, 493 stabbings, and 282 rapes. On Christmas and New Year's, literally millions of broken beer bottles, human waste were deposited along the Durban beach front. There were tens of thousands of drunken hooligans everywhere, stabbing people, mugging, raping and shooting. Afterwards, the street cleaners picked up off 37,000 bags of rubbish from just two streets afterwards along the beach. And there were 51,000 bags of litter collected from the beach - rubbish, human waste and broken glass. In weight, this amounted to 716 tons of rubbish and broken glass.
God wants us to be willing to kneel, stoop, bend, lean, and drop to the ground in all of the humility and love that naturally flows out of people who have been saved themselves.
The former model, actress and all-around celebrity’s death has not stopped any of the controversy that plagued her in life: following her mysterious passing her will has been contested, a paternity suit involving Smith’s 5-month-old daughter has been brought forth and her burial site is being argued over. Even the judge presiding over her daughter’s case couldn’t hold back tears at the trial. What do they think?
The way I saw it, I had no other real prospects. For a few months, it was better to have lower-paying somewhat steady work than non-paying non-existent work. So I went to the audition. Drove all the way up there, and almost ran out of gasoline on the two mile dirt road leading from the main road to the employee entrance of the not yet open for the season amusement park.
This album is often critically acclaimed as The Beach Boys creative re-birth. I'm not sure if I agree with that statement entirely, as I don't really think The Beach Boys released any bad music at all before this album, if anything, their most creative period was in the years right before before this album. Though after Pet Sounds, Smile, and Smiley Smile, this album does show The Beach Boys as a fully working band again, and a return to the style of songs they were recording in the mid-60's, similar in sound and feel to albums like "Today!" and "Summer Days (And Summer Nights!!!)".
Wam Bam (Shang-a-Ling)….the Silvers
I'm not quite sure where Dear Dumb Diary came from, though the 'just like you, only better' quip makes me think immediately of Jessie.
Win It: Thanks to Baby Harmony, one lucky reader will win a Gift Basket worth $75.00!!! How awesome is that?? Thanks so much Baby Harmony!!!
That way (and I'm sure the sender is hanging on every post I make) they will get their response and be happy and move on with their life - if they can be said to have a life, sending out carpola like this.
Yes, questioning Islam is torment, of course. Anyways, you were saying that Jesus is a prophet of Islam? This is patently ridiculous, as Jesus taught people that they should love their enemies. When was the last time anyone taught this concept in a mosque or madrassah? And the Quran, something I've read in a language I understand and something this 'Deeva' almost certainly hasn't, is all about fighting the 'enemies of Islam'. Besides, the only 'prophet' this blog has ever gone on at length about is the sole prophet is Islam, Mr. Mo himself. Without Mo there would be no belief system known as Islam.
We chose kids’ apps, since we have kids and know a bit about what they like, and how much they enjoy our iPhones and iPads (esp. the iPad!)
Russ: “The...?”
Which is surprising because lying is so much fun. I mean you can invent crazy stories to cover your ass and most of the time the other person is dumb enough to believe you. Which say’s more about the other person for being so gullible and naïve to believe everything someone says. That could just be because I am naturally skeptical of what people say.
Another thing is that this formal structure, where the stories alternate and by the time you get to the end of a chapter you're immersed in one character's world and you don't necessarily want to leave that world to continue the opposing storyline, really bothers me as a reader. I don't so much like books that do what I'm doing here. Which is, of course, part of the challenge: I'm trying to conquer a formal schema I dislike.
Sad.
***Special Guest B. B. King
Place flour, cocoa, sugar and instant yeast in a mixing bowl. Stir to combine.
We went to the Appt. I had changed all my medical for that day. And we took Cole with us . We sat and waited for two hrs and 13 minutes. ( yes I know the minutes..lol) they take us back and we sit even more.
It rained men four times.
Me: Okay - well, let's get up and I'll make your bed all fresh!
As far as a Sharing Time idea for this week I actually LOVE the idea that is in the outline﻿. I couldn't come up with anything better:
This is my very first pair of Anthro shoes. Shoe buying is an arduous process for me after going through surgery in November, as well-documented here. I figured these were fairly safe since there is no heel/toe pinching potential involved. I was surprised that the footbed is actually somewhat padded so they are fairly comfortable. Hooray, after yesterday's wedge disappointment.
Well that’s it folks, it's late and I'm off to bed!
“You live far from here, dontchya? I remember hearing that,” I said.
My Bat Fairy costume I made from an old pink bridesmaid dress and lots of black felt.
- Private doubts about whether the world really is heating up
That’s just one of many of MY faves, and I’m sure everyone can think of a few things that they’ve had to stop doing because Mummy or Daddy or your older sibling or older friends (or the friends your age who want to feel like they’re grown up) strong-armed you into placing on a shelf because “big boys/girls don’t do THAT”. Another quote from Bob here to describe them is “Stiff Necked Fools, You think you’re cool/ To deny me for simplicity”.
Use of Withania somnifera Dunal as an adjuvant during radiation therapy.
Also, I don`t even have an iPhone, but words cannot describe how much I love this deko Rilakkuma iPhone case... (*_*)
Such as this cormorant and gull, ready to dive for an easy catch, accompanying us along our trip, until, in the true nature of the food chain the skua arrived.
In order to bid for our money, the plan is to use technology developed for the Texas Clean Energy Project (TCEP), in which "syngas" is produced from coal. This is then further processed to produce hydrogen and carbon dioxide, the latter being separated – pre-combustion, as far as I can gather – with the hydrogen then being used to power a turbine.
What does this say about the French? What does it say about the other countries?
11. Bamboozled By Love
“If I had a body like hers I’d want to get out of it!” he quipped.
Second place in Amateur Chocolate: Mindy Bayer
great question. First baby boy (Little E).. the nurse picked his name. Ha, true story. We couldn’t agree on a name and every time a nurse would come in to check on us once he was born, they would ask if he has a name yet and we would say no. Finally the nurse said, how about “this name or this name” once she said his name, it was like yep, we like it. Haha. Second baby boy, baby G, husband really was set on a three letter name (since his name is three letters) but I did not like the name he wanted.. typical ;) haha. So I just added a few more letters to the three letter name he wanted so he can call him the name he wants still, but I can call him by his full name. Win for each, I guess you could say.
Scrambled eggs, yesterday’s “rustic loaf” toasted with apricot jam, and fruit salad with a splash of amaretto to compliment the odd mix of everything fresh I had on hand: pineapple, peach, melon, apple, pear and grapes off our vine – an odd but refreshing combination, perfect for a peaceful Sunday morning. While finishing the last of the 2nd cup of coffee, I started another chapter.
Google tailors the results of your searches to suit what it thinks you want to find. That sounds quite benign and helpful, doesn't it? Sometimes, it is helpful. But I don't want Google - a mindless machine - to filter information. I know better than Google what I'm interested in. And sometimes, I might be looking not for what I want to find but for what someone else would find.
Condominium sales followed the same trend, with the average list price at which condominiums sold at for the year to September 2011 reaching US$555,088 versus US$526,636 for the same period in 2010.
However, I did hit upon one idea amongst my failures and madness; it came in a short sentence titled:
According to Goldstein
- your perfectly gapped teeth
And unlike a lot of guys making a murky late-night brand of indie-soul right now, Woon's pleasingly warm and smooth tone, mixed mostly up-front with little obscuring reverb or distortion, gives you the feeling that he could have a straight R&B career if he wanted. His restraint and lack of melisma trickery seems more like a choice to fit the slow drift of the music, not a limitation, and his use of HTDW/Blake style heavily processed vocals is careful, like Burial samples deployed as background harmonies. Woon wants these songs to appeal to folks for whom digitally tweaked singing is an occasional fun special effect, rather than the whole draw. And while the album's mostly full of left-field R&B, there are also hints of Hall and Oates, 80s Brit synth-pop, house, and more. There's also an occasional and unfortunate tendency toward limp VH1-ready MOR ballads, which it must be said comprises the album's weakest stuff, though thankfully Woon doesn't indulge this side as much as a truly crossover-minded hack might.
too much 80s pop
