Here’s my latest hypothesis: my job is preventing me from having a boyfriend. Why do I think this? Of my five co-workers, one is a single mom, two are single, one is widowed, and one has a bad marriage. All of these people are above the age of 40. The signs don’t bode well for me.
He announced this policy, despite the widespread outcries and despite the growing wave of successful court actions against Taib’s State Government over these land grabs.
I hope you see a genuine pattern in most of my contents on this website,
After months of eager anticipation, the day finally arrives. You pack your bags and off you go. Several hours later, the plane lands. The stewardess comes in and says, "Welcome to Holland."
I hate this.
Laura was strong enough to know that what was going on in their marriage was not a “we” thing, but rather a “him” thing, and she was powerful enough to know that she wasn’t being rejected. It wasn’t because of anything she had done.
it feels a little more approachable, even a bit decadent.
Trust me I would rather be here crafting than any where else!!
Of the variety of people i came across.. the most surprisingly, unbelievable people were the one to top the list of the lamers category..
Wander through my coffeetable photography book “Special Places: A Landscape Photographer’s Vision of Southern Ontario”: http://bit.ly/yNU06F
15.) Is there anything else I should know about your agency or your general agenting style?
But 'then' is a long way from AI and robotics, and even when I took up a lectureship at Birmingham University in the School of Computer Science, most of what I did involved linguistics (by that time I'd moved on to metaphor) and teaching various programming languages, some of which still haunt me in my dreams. (I did learn to match up the brackets, though. Helps enormously with proofreading...)
I know life has gotten away from me when I look and see that my last post was the end of May! Summer for teachers means travel and relaxation... for administration it means work in flip flops instead of heels. Too bad I'm not a teacher. BUT my job title has changed. Here's the story: (though its more INFORMATIONAL than anything!)
I like to wear earrings every day and I found myself reaching for the pair pictured below which I recall were a Christmas gift from my parents in the 1980s. I wonder, is something from the 1980s vintage??
If giving you my password means I’ll be considered for a position, I’ll be walking out of the interview and telling you what you can do with your job. And if you’re my employer, you already have access to all my accounts that belong to you. You can’t have access to my personal stuff. Think about that word: PERSONAL. You ran a background check on me before you hired me. The Feds did too when I worked in public service. You can have my password when you pry it out of my cold dead brain. Until then, kiss my ass.
Rog looked at the others with a shrug.
Foreign Trash.
I couldn't wear any necklaces this week as my tattoo goes up the back of my neck, so most of my earrings are very simple.
When it comes to portraying a person on film who has actually lived it tends to be a tricky area. Doing justice to that person is always the number one priority. When it comes to portraying someone as iconic as Marilyn Monroe the expectations are even higher. This is the difficulty Michelle Williams faced when taking on this task.
More than its political content, the arsenal of dirty tricks deployed in The Dark Horse--particularly the frame up of Hicks to violate the Mann act--would have been far too salacious under the code. The Breen office would have looked askance at the marital status of Hal Blake, too, and he certainly wouldn't have been allowed to continue chasing Kay Randall after being cornered into remarrying Maybelle. That would have been a complete no no.
For a while I have wanted a piece of Jewelry that when I wear it I could say I am wearing this for Davinia and Indiana but I didn't want to be viewed as the crazy dog lady. I also haven't seen a Cavalier Charm for a necklace that I love and I didn't want to go with something generic like a paw or a bone.
We couldn’t have asked for better.
In terms of pricing, well, I bought it during one of the Borders Bookstore closings with others at something like 4 books for ten dollars so say, $2.50. Which is a shame because I see the ebook is something like $10 in and of itself. A further shame because my local Half Price has numerous books by the author, and while I'd love to directly support the author, as Cage the Elephant would say, "Ain't no rest for the wicked, money don't grow on trees' so instead of paying $9.99 for an ebook, I'll pay $3.49 for a paperback that the author gets zero of. Not what I want to do but hey, the publisher has right now four books on sale for $2.99 so they are fully aware of the pros and cons of various models of pricing.
But in order for this to happen we can’t just wait for someone to start asking us questions about our relationship with the Lord. It would be great if we all were motivated and disciplined enough to ask each other the hard questions, but the truth is that it doesn’t happen like it should. Therefore, we’ve got to be proactive in helping each other obey commands like Hebrews 3:13, “… exhort one another everyday… that none of you may be hardened by the deceitfulness of sin”. What does being proactive in this regard look like? It looks like inviting certain people to watch your life carefully, ask penetrating questions about what they see, and offer encouragement and rebuke when necessary. Don’t wait for other people to do their part. Choose a few believers in your church who obviously love Jesus and care about pursuing holiness and invite them to be an instrument of precision in the hands of God for your spiritual growth. We live in a culture of tolerance, so, unfortunately, most of us don’t do this without a little push. So, you provide the push and make sure that the person you are inviting knows you will provide the same kind of care for him/her.
Here is what I know for sure....
his stuff. I also think he had a really wonderful attitude
No, these demonstrations of affection she saves for one person. Philip. The man who points out to everyone that she's not his dog, who gets mad when she pulls on her leash, and who never lets her lick the tuna cans.
And if I do read last- let’s just hope they’ll be in the mood for one- just one small– dare I say- dinner mint.
More info on these groups:
There is a baby in there...seriously, crazy stuff to me! I'm glad she is having kiddos first. I will learn everything I need to know from her ; )
For those wanting a whiter and smoother milk, you can blanch the almonds the night before. Place almonds in 1 cup of boiled water and soak until skins easily slip off. Then use almonds in above recipe.
Surveying the assembled ingredients, her mother in law wrinkled her nose.
This call for an immediate moratorium on corporal punishment, stoning and the death penalty is demanding on many fronts. We are defining it as a call to consciousness of each individual so that she/he realizes that Islam is being used to degrade and subjugate women and men in certain Muslim majority societies in the midst of collusive silence and chaotic judicial opinions on the ground. This realization implies:
Stencil from Rouge de Garance Diecut PP
As what he loves may never like too much.
I know, intellectually, that the intended message of this commercial is "buy our dandruff shampoo!" and not "women who do not want to sleep with you functionally may as well not exist." But I went out of my way to be somewhere else when the unskippable ad came on. This one commercial is probably responsible for more clean dishes in my apartment than any two other factors combined.
MAC Brown Down in the outer part of my crease
I know, I know: I say that every year. But this year, no sickness, Belgians, or German disdain for patriotism will prevent me from celebrating Thanksgiving: the holiday of feast, family, and forgetting (either America's history of colonial atrocities or the fact that you Uncle thinks Barack Obama is a Kenyan-Islamic-Fundamentalist-Communist, take your pick.)
This means AL , and FL not hit.. 9 out of 11 were hit directly with damaging winds and hail.
While I’m less mobile, I’ve been reading about the early burial practices of the megalithic tombs builders in Ireland, and learning about what they considered precious objects to inhume with the ashes of their dead: very practical things (pestle stones, bone pins, and pottery jars). I’ve also been gardening vicariously through some wonderful blogs (Arigna Gardener and A Place in the Country are top-notch), and picking away at the plot holes of my novel-in-progress. (Lest you think I am able to amuse myself all the time, I will comment that my day job has also been fairly intense lately. There’s a stack of new manuscripts to read for the books we’re publishing in the fall, marketing copy to write, and I’ve been finalizing summer events for our authors up and down the country.)
The crop was Friday from 10am to 3am, Saturday from 10am to 3am and Sunday from 10am to 5pm. We did stay for the most part but since I was driving back and forth and I am about 45 to 50 minutes away I decided to leave a little earlier each day. Sunday I did go at about 11am and left at 3pm to be able to watch the Heat game.
1 Thessalonians 5:1-11
As if the Patriot Act wasn't bad enough, fascists are now trying to outlaw picketing. The Bill of Rights is being flushed down the toilet. (The Bank of America doesn't like it, so it's history.)
There was no great concern that our house was threatened by the fire. The barn was at least 300 yards away and none of the embers were falling near to us. Yet I couldn't help but think about the possibility of losing our home to a fire--losing everything I owned, my parents owned, and our refuge of security and comfort.
Nutjob was not my first girlfriend ever. But she was the first woman I was with for over a year, and she also happened to be my first sexual encounter. So as you can see, there was quite a bit of attachment there on my part, seeing as she was the one I lost my virginity to. At the time we started dating, I also had ridiculously low self-esteem, which is part of the reason why I put up with so much bullshit for so long.
In addition, we covered several legal aspects of RAMP, including what forms of ID are acceptable in PA, what liabilities are assumed by the bar and its employees, and what specific laws apply to restaurants and clubs in PA with regard to hours of operation, last call, and alcohol service.
“Chavez chuckles a bit when talking about the ‘burrito incident,’ but his reaction is no laughing matter.”
The fact that Treyarch is seeking to diversify the single player campaign with so called ‘Strike Missions’ tells me that for the first time in a long time, this will be a Call of Duty game that is not solely focused on repetitive multiplayer, with a paltry 5 hour campaign tacked on. In these Strike Missions you control a Black Ops unit, and you select a mission to undertake based on how the cold war between the US and China (not Russia, for once!) is progressing. Choosing one mission may cost you the opportunity to undertake others, and success is by no means guaranteed. As a result, you may find the single player campaign differing greatly on separate attempts, changing the course of the conflict with your success and failure.
There were two restaurants in the village. We went to one for dinner, where we were incredibly well fed for about six dollars and then went to the other for dessert, another chocolate crepe Hungarian style. We sat right next to a small group of musicians who were playing “gypsy” music. It was fun and they were good and probably more authentic than we would hear in Budapest.
(b’) Bank employees should wear ties.
We have been to the UK for the wedding of a young lady we know. It is her second marriage. It is also her groom’s second marriage. We did attend her first trip up the aisle but did not foresee the problems that arose. Never mind, she has since matured and her new guy is so really nice and suitable for her… may they have many happy years together.
The day Jas left we started off our morning at La Mie...He had to have one really good pastry before he left:)
NATO added, “DJF HQ serves as an example of a Joint HQ for non-NATO nations to contribute to the Alliance’s missions.”
"Find rest, O my soul, in God alone; my hope comes from Him. Psalm 62:5
I still can’t get enough of these creme polishes that are this rich color that looks taupe sometimes, plummy at other times, kind of greyish…
The kids I knew were into prog and heavy rock and I went along with the fashion. Yes, Genesis, Pink Floyd. School was prog-a-go-go. And in 1976 I went to my first gig, if you could call it a ‘gig’.
Here is the nub of this review, bluntly. Somewhere buried in this publishing company is a staff of people who care about books, the physical quality of the product speaks for itself. No matter how ambitious you are or whatever highs you have scaled—never forget about the small detail—often that is what matters most to ordinary souls.
Carrie Ann: I have two favorites: I got to revisit Mel and Kade…and I wrote my first POV from Maddox. He is going to be an emotional book to write. Love it.
Michael Chandler VS. Akihiro Gono
Brewed: 10-07-2007
DNAinfo.com briefly profiled a Washington Heights woman named Merlix Ventura, who will compete in an upcoming Miss New York pageant, and maybe go on to bigger "Miss" events.
Joey: Well, anyway, I got to go change, I'm ah, meeting some of the cast for drinks.
To sleep meanwhile: so not to feel the wane
We had a wonderful Christmas with all the kids and grandkids. Only problem was that everyone was sick. But there's not way that you're not going to snuggle and cuddle and read stories so I took my changes.
Who else is obsessed with these books? Now that I've read the first book, I can't wait to see the movie. Since E didn't get back until around midnight, I was on my own for dinner. My friend Daphne told me about the zucchini pizza she made last week and I knew I had to try it. I came across some goat cheese with basil at the store and my creation was born. This pizza is satisfying and bursting with flavor and nutrition!
I think I want to knit and maybe make jewelry today. I have some presents I’m working on, so I could work on those. (Side note: I keep typing “I should” instead of “I could” or “I want to”. Interesting. Having fun and working on my hobbies don’t fall under the “should” category, yet they do in my mind. Hmm.)
Bulgarian villagers know each house in the community intimately. They know the depth of the well, the strength of the walls and the fertility of the soil. They were there when it was constructed and were often actually involved in the process. However, this vital knowledge is not available to the newly arrived Briton, who has neither the language ability nor the opportunity to chat with the locals as they are rushed from property to property by an agent determined to make a sale. Usually, this information only becomes apparent years later, after they have learnt some Bulgarian and spent time with their neighbours, but by then, of course, it is too late.
Sophie is discovered after the man she knows as Papa, shoots and injures Damien, a young man who is trying to rescue her. Now, unsocialized and thrust into the world, and into a family she has never met, Sophie must decide whether she should accept her Papa’s claims that she is cursed and he was only trying to protect others, or trust the new people in her life who have their own agendas. Guided by a wise cousin, Sophie realizes that her most heartbreaking challenge is to decide if her love for Damien will destroy him like her Papa claims, or free her from past demons that haunt her mind. This one sounds really different as well as interesting! I'll be curious to see how it turns out.
As I look in the mirror and rub lotion into my very pregnant belly, I am reminded of Buddha. Not because I’m peaceful, calm or meditative, but because this belly is so round and large! Holy cow!
Classes will be held at Long Island University (Flatbush and Dekalb) and possibly in other locations in downtown Brooklyn. The first class starts September 12th but new classes begin every month after that. Classes will occur in the early evening immediately after work hours.
This also means way less time for blogging…
So Annie, I dedicate this post to you for truly expanding my horizons and teaching me not to fear new foods, but to embrace them. Who knows where I’d be today if you hadn’t made me that maznik, introduced me to injera, or let me stir the pot of risotto. I can only hope to pass on a spark of the fire you lit inside me, and inspire those around me to let their guard down and just try something different. I suppose that in many ways, that is what this blog is all about. For that, I thank you.
...and plurally packed with pride.
I'm obese. Every time I go to the doctor for any reason, they tell me this.
This is the common greeting we do when you’re in the Philippines. Well, I hate stating Wikipedia, but Kung Hee Huat Chai is Hokkien and the first greeting (not the title) is Cantonese.
The Nasr-1 has a range of 19 miles. The C-802 has a range of 75 miles. That means that the C-802 has about the same range as a Harpoon SSM. Not good. I am not worried about the Nasr-1, but the C-802 is a problem. These weapons could be used by terrorists to attack allied naval vessels. In fact, the New York Times reported that Hezbollah, a terrorist group linked to Iran,used the C-802 missile to sink an Israeli Saar 5 corvette back in 2006.
Here I am as of May 2012....after 3 years my little bundle of joy joined our family, I am still struggling...no kidding.....
Rather sad if you ask me but that’s the way things are.
Kenny West (REP) 12.91% 170
I am Jiyoung Lee. I used to be in an awesome band in South Korea called I Love JH. Now, I am in Atlanta, and I work on a solo project called Oh My Melodies and a band called Ant Brain.
Of course, there is a kind of precedent for this threat. After all, has not the computer replaced the typewriter? Hasn’t indoor plumbing given way to outhouses? Haven’t we watched advances in media storage on other platforms? Did not Betamax give way to VHS? And VHS to DVD? And DVD to Blu-ray? And isn’t Blu-ray’s death knell sounded by the rise of downloadable media? To the advocates and evangelists of e-books, all these examples set a powerful trend for the future of reading. To many, the e-book appears perfectly poised to replace the printed book.
And bilateral rails
What is the next "break-out" system? By this I mean what new rule set will captivate the creative juices of a vast majority of the rpg community. I mean a system that revitalizes a portion of the rpg community and sets itself apart as a leader.
You know, if that chart doesn't do it for you the list could also be mapped to the Marvel Super-Heroes RPG rankings-- in which case this corner of the blogosphere goes from Feeble (no comment on quality, of course) to Shift Z.
Overall Height: 5.5"
spouting a vapor spray high in the air
Dear Heavenly Father,
I think children of today are looking for many of the same things.
Oh gosh does this look like Art camp !… hmmmmm
So ya i also ordered my B-day cake over the weekend~~~can you guys guess what cake i got???hehe im not telling but i will show it to you guys when i get the cake on the 30th~~~and oh if you guys are wondering my birthday is on the 26th...but im celebrating it on the weekend of..
Here and now, old fashioned roses, freshly baked bread, rose-scented tea. Of my childhood home, almonds and dust and the sun-warmed coats of horses. I grew up on a small almond orchard in central California. When I wasn’t raking in the harvest (hot, bloody-minded work), I was riding bareback through the trees with my sisters.
So, it's been a good few weeks since my last post. Unfortunately The Bruiser seems to be taking up most of my time (even eating into my evenings...........I know...........how dare he?) and when I do get any time to myself I seem to waste it surfing the Internet or reading a magazine. I remember when I used to get through 4 or 5 magazines a month. It takes me a month to read 2 now!!!!!!!
(Reprinted from Artslant.com)
- Just signed up for the next session of Get Ripped!
Vegetables I have used and that work well are; parsnips, turnips, salad onions, butternut squash, courgette, sweet corn and just about any root vegetables. Just remember to add more tomatoes and lentils so that the portions have a tasty amount of everything together!
The Man (George O’Brien) has a Wife (Janet Gaynor), and a toddler son. They live on a piece of land not far from the water, and across that water (traversable by rowboat, if you’re as rugged and brawny as the Man), is the City. City dwellers visit the area in the summer time, sometimes staying for weeks. Vacation season over, one guest, the entitled Woman from the City, has hung around. She’s sleeping with the Man.
In a large bowl, add the cooled roasted cauliflower, and all the other ingredients.
I was asked to retrieve default values from tables in the Database and insert them into the input controls on the web page. The PostgreSQL website has a tip for how to accomplish this:
Other notable investors from China include ZTE telecom equipment and network solutions and Huawei Technologies, a global ICT solutions provider, public sector firms such as China National Petroleum Corporation (CNPC), China State Construction Engineering Corporation (CSCEC), and Dongfang Electric Corporation, manufacturers of power generators and railway equipment.
It is my pleasure to welcome a Welsh writer who is also a friend and writing colleague, Brian George, to me 'umblest of blogs. Brian's second collection, 'Blindfold' was published a few months back by Stonebridge Publications. This is Brian's second collection with them, and I must say their books are rather lovely - each is finished by hand, and has a ribbon bookmark - and comes with the guarantee that should anything untoward happen to damage the artefact - they will repair it until it is good as new. How's that for flying in the face of the soullessness of the e-book?
You can contact Edward at edward@edwardmapplethorpe.com.
THE LAST VOORD!
I don’t consider myself to be an optimist or a pessimist, although I have had various people tell me I see things on the negative side. I have honest and truly sat back and listened to them. At times in my life, I was very negative. But I don't believe all of the time.
Rest in peace, you beautiful Daydream Believer.
“Our study confirms that while companies’ IP departments – which include attorneys and staff – have stabilized, the workload has slightly increased,” reports Rob Williamson, president, ipPerformance Group. “With continued economic pressures, IP Departments are continuously evaluating their operation costs, practices, staffing for efficiency and effectiveness improvements.”
The battlefield is now preserved at Guilford Courthouse National Military Park in Greensboro, North Carolina. It is one of the few places that visitors can walk in the footsteps not only of American heroes such as Nathaniel Greene and "Light-Horse Harry" Lee (father of Robert E. Lee), but also of British officers including Cornwallis and Banastre Tarleton.
Last night JW tackled making a baked ziti, which I advised him on from the couch.
Hatch M, Molen J. Women, work, and health. Am J Ind Med 1997; 32: 303-308.
Bake at 350° for 15 minutes or until glaze bubbles slowly and thickens. The recipe from Southern Living said to stir every 3 minutes ... oops, I did not do that. I stirred them during the last minute, and they came out fine! The key here is really to smell out for burning sugar or over-toasted pecans. Nobody wants that.
Hugs Dream Valley xxx
They sure look good and have been endorsed by some famous chefs, but if I do indeed purchase a butcher block then bamboo will be my material of choice.
Time and tide had covered him in darkness, but once again Arjuna gained self-control through the wisdom that was sung by the All-Attractive in the midst of war.
Working on a new pressed flowers project, which was quite lovely. These are flowers in various stages of pressing.
What brings you joy in your space?
falling asleep with the windows open
Q: Can I wear high heels in Australia ? ( UK )
Marks on the walls, a fun reminder of the past, the dinky rooms, with a single window and a tiny air conditioner built into the wall with a separate heater. The Luna had an old menu posted on the wall from their restaurant. It was once a fancy place.
But I've failed.
I've wondered what my future holds and to be honest, I don't know. I know who holds it, and that God and I have to trust in him to take care of myself and my family. I tend to worry too much and over analysis a lot of things and I think that's one of the reasons why I suffer with my eating (acid reflux) and with my anxiety of late. It's been really, really bad! And in one way, they are both effecting each other. Mainly since I am having a lot of anxiety, especially lately, I take a Xynax that has been prescribed by my doctor. Then later on at night, I've been having acid reflux come up or at least a horrible, nasty taste, that now that I think about it, taste very similar to the Xynax when it dissolves in my mouth just a little bit. A very bitter taste that's way in the back of my throat and makes me go running ( or as close to running as this LP can go anyways) to somewhere where I can get rid of it quick! Water, Pepto, Gum..anything! I absolutely hate this! I've been having trouble enjoying even eating my "safe" foods and I am tired of them as well. So I know I should probably cut back on the Xynax, but each and every-time I do, something happens that makes me pop one of those puppies and try to get rid of the horrible throw up feeling/heart racing/yuckiness that I feel when I get one of my attacks. (Like today for instance.) I am concerned that tonight will be another night where I am miserable.
And at the closing of the day
The shiur is clear.
Believe nothing on the sole authority of your elders or priests.
I clustered the flowers with the Heartfelt Creations leaf stamp I so love doing. A little glimmer mist and the leaves come to life.
What role did he play in WTCS?
It’s the first time I hear that a major cause of our road carnage is not having a tax clearance form. Smooth tyres perhaps, drunk certainly, but irregularities in your tax affairs. Give me a break.
desolate island of grief
Our folks are being shot and killed indiscriminately. Shoot at sight if caught in the process of connecting. Hell Yeah. We are for connectivity.
“This is a good-size event, but not the extreme type,” said Bill Murtagh, program coordinator for the federal government’s Space Weather Prediction Center.
Chris got to cut the cord the rest of the way, which was a last minute decision on his part (before he said no way) and I'm so glad he did. When he was cutting it, she started flailing around and he was scared of cutting her, so without thinking he grabbed the other end of the cord to cut it more easily. It was only after he was done that he realized he'd grabbed an umbilical cord. (In answer to the question I know you're asking: rubbery.)
So, one morning I struck out to do so. I figured out which path it was closest to, and headed up it. I also figured out which way I'd need to turn at the top of the hill. When I got there I was startled by the flatness of the top of the hill. I could see the path to the tree, but there was an odd plateau. I found out later that there was a decoy airfield round here, designed to draw the german bombers during the second world war. Shoreham was the most bombed village in that war. Not because of strategic importance, or the failure of the decoy airfield, but simply because the germans tended to dump their bombs here on their way back from abortive missions to London.
We take your book seriously. We pride ourselves on our professionalism and customer service. Our staff has on average more than twenty years of experience. When you publish with Vantage Press, you will work hand-in-hand with publishing professionals who will ensure that you and your book receive service personalized in every respect.
His pockets filled with cash and stones and it was originally recorded as a suicide but police believe he was murdered by the Mafia after a bungled money laundering operation.
Add in the corn syrup and extract if desired. ( I think the corn syrup helps keep the icing shiny.)
Samaras is now openly reaching out to Right-wing voters who are leaving his Conservative party ahead of the May 6 elections, observes the Greek Reporter. While that’s true, in private he is also keen to reach out the the Far Right’s leaders, and put the slavishly pro-bailout Pasok out of power. To do so, Samaras yesterday focused on his Rightist credentials, saying he would get tough on crime, repeal laws giving citizenship to second generation immigrants born in Greece, and allow police to use water cannons to break up protests. Nationalism is a rapidly growing political force in Greece – especially among the country’s youth.
First rule: Do not use semicolons. They are transvestite hermaphrodites representing absolutely nothing. All they do is show you’ve been to college.
It would be easy, and unfair, to blame this incompatibility on the Englishman. The truth is that Luis Suarez is not a conventional strike partner. He does not like to play off Carroll and rarely drops a little deeper to benefit from the big man’s knock downs. He prefers to operate further forward, off the shoulder of defenders, or drifting wide, before plunging back infield on another slaloming dribble.
A person succumb by envy and jealousy is like
One of them is my Shrimp earrings design, renamed (the much more elegant-sounding) Layered Leaf earrings.
"It seems as if the only two people who have any say whatsoever in how IP money is spent are Frank MacKay and First Vice-Chairman Tom Connolly (currently on the staff of State Senator Carl Kruger, who is going to jail.).It’s no wonder then that MacKay and Connolly so often believe that the best use of Independence Party funds is to pay themselves off." Morano wrote a letter to the BOE complaining how the
12x12 Red Riding Hood Cardstock
What works better--an iron grip or constantly reminding them—that we love them and want them to be safe.
The more disciplined we are in our responses, the more we’ll achieve.
i said that was a dream.
Half of me is busy trying to finish up Christmas things - all of DH's family's gifts must be wrapped to go with BIL on Wednesday night (which means we need to make a pit-stop for some chocolate and gift-cards for the sisters-in-law). All of my family's gifts need to be wrapped and cards sent to my grandmother and my sister. I haven't purchased one single item for my husband, for his stocking or his gifts, though I've been informed that he's perfectly happy to wait until after Christmas, if it's easier. The house still needs massive cleaning and I've promised to bake banana bread and make fudge for the office, and we've got a happy hour Wednesday night, and did I mention we're hosting my brother and SIL and mother for Christmas Eve, so there is a menu to be fleshed out, shopping to be done and preparations for Christmas dinner to be started?
Worse, imagine that, just after you pressured Dan Girardi along the far boards, he swung the puck behind the goal to Brad Richards, who centered to Marian Gaborik for the game-winner at 14:41, and all you could do was slam your stick against the glass and head to the room as they celebrated.
Another thing I realized in terms of food and food dependency is, there’s a whole lot of food commercials on TV. I think even if you don’t really want to eat, the mad men on Madison Ave. really convince you through all those commericials that you should be stuffing your face. All. The. Time. Once again, my body had a trigger for when I was on the couch and watching TV that I should be snacking or having my dinner. So, realizing my habits, I have decided to eat my meals at my table no matter what and if I snack, not to do it on the couch. Maybe have a small serving at the kitchen counter instead of bringing a whole bag of chips to the couch with me.
A wonderfully hot mug of coffee. Both coffee mug and plate had to be warmed because they were SO cold coming from the cupboards! Didn’t anyone insulate in there?!!!
Wool or wool-blend felt scraps for bird
The incredible damage was the one caused to millions of persons by the Canadian companies specialized in the mining of gold, precious metals and radioactive materials.
You can too take into consideration what type of actions they’ve on-line also with polls, quizzes, articles and all sorts of issues that will help you meet up with new individuals also. However, in terms of the time to begin eager about meeting online and meeting head to head, then you will get nervous and somewhat panicked. It’s comprehensible however some sites will provide assist to to get by method of the nervousness and help two individuals meet up safely and in a place which is going to be comfortable for both parties involved. You might not have the ability to feel snug or even get to know your personal feelings about somebody until you sit down in a relaxed environment where you may each have a dialog and get to know one another.
Toshimaru Nakamura's music — made with the piercing, extreme frequencies generated by a mixing board with its inputs and outputs looped together — has always been challenging, but Maruto is perhaps the first time that he's truly pushed the boundaries of his sound in a solo context. Nakamura's solo albums have generally been much more rhythmic and accessible than his collaborative improvisations, and perhaps because of this, his solo albums (the 2003 oddity Side Guitar excepted) have never been as good or as enduring as his collaborations with musicians like Keith Rowe, Sachiko M, Ami Yoshida and others. He's often been thought of as a musician who needs another person to respond to in order for his talents to really shine. Maruto proves that this is not true; entirely on his own, his music stripped down to its essential elements, Nakamura has made one of his best records. The first few minutes of the record instantly announce that this is something special, as stuttering electronic tones lurch drunkenly, leaving space in between for high-frequency fluttering. It's immediate and intriguing, nodding to the rhythmic foundation that often buttresses Nakamura's solo work, but offering a very unusual slant on those rhythms. Moreover, Nakamura soon lets this quasi-rhythm die out entirely, to be replaced by a spacious abstract field in which high- and low-register tones weave together. Sometimes, a bassy vibration, felt as much as heard, is cut by piercing high tones and some dirty fuzzy sounds that chop at the stasis of the underlying hum. Sometimes, sine waves flicker just at the upper fringes of hearing, a barely audible tingle in one's ears. The music seems simple, elemental in its juxtaposition of highs and lows at the opposing thresholds of the human hearing range, but close listening reveals a whole aural world of miniscule vibrations, hums, static and cycling electric buzzes. [buy]
PROSPECTS: Carell is one of the most reliable comics there is. The trailer looks funny and bittersweet all at once with a Ricky Gervais-esque quality to it.
“our original plan with the major debtors was to put memoranda of understanding in place and then carry out full restructurings. We discovered that when we got past those debtors – these were the top 30 – we decided it would be more efficient to consider the documentation and then draft letters of support where the documentation is fine. We only fix documentation which needs to be rectified. It was about streamlining the process and getting everything done much quicker.” NAMA CEO Brendan McDonagh speaking before an Oireachtas committee in March 2012
Charlotte: "It's really hard being a mom."
For MUCH better pictures of the whole day, here are the blogs of all the attendees, who will have there own top picks from the event:)
Humidity: 6%
“This year’s Top 50 list is our most diverse ranking ever, with 20 states represented and companies ranging from precious metal dealers to food service distributors,” Marsha Firestone, president and founder of the WPO, said in a statement.
"Oh, it's no bother," Natalie responded, dutifully. There was something about Bessie that stuck in her mind, but it was nothing she could really put her finger on. She waited while Bessie opened the heavy door to her room, and then bid the woman goodnight before closing it and sinking tiredly onto one of the beds.
The Boy Tate write about circumstance, contradiction and typically human relations, adding their own gritty twist to proceedings. The band members are inspired by such a diverse range of artists including; the Carpenters, Penguin Cafe Orchestra, the Fall, Counting Crows, Bach, James Taylor, the Smiths to name but a few.
you are so considerate of others and are a great friend.
That morning he suggested we head up to Cache Valley to enjoy the scenery and get my wedding ring cleaned. He is so smart and knew that I wouldn’t want to spend any money, but that was a free way to make me really happy! What a guy…the colors in the canyon were incredible and we took a lot of pictures and also stopped in Brigham City to walk around and check out the new temple being built. It was beautiful! Considering the circumstances, it was a wonderful day and even though I bawled most of the time, I still loved being with him and it was a great thing to do that day. We talked a lot and he comforted me and calmed me down like only he can!
5) Muster your courage and tell the world you’re in love, because once you sing that song you will hear it everywhere, the world is just waiting for someone to beat the drum for the song of love.
One creative solution to the U.S. Government's debt-ceiling, which has bubbled up from the progressive MMT (Modern Monetary Theory) economic community, has been called the #trilliondollarcoin meme.
Diffused Lighting
What we did instead, was concentrate on having an intimate and special dinner at home alone. Cathy cooked (because she can, likes it, and because Scally can’t and doesn’t), while Scally got the sitting room tided, sorted out and the table laid. The meal was lovely, the food great, (and the bottle of wine was nice too) and the connection we had lost in the day started to return.
There is a wisdom that is woe; but there is a woe that is madness. And there is a Catskill eagle in some souls that can alike dive down into the blackest gorges, and soar out of them again and become invisible in the sunny spaces. And even if he for ever flies within the gorge, that gorge is in the mountains; so that even in his lowest swoop the mountain eagle is still higher than other birds upon the plain, even though they soar. -- Moby Dick
The dispute has been marked by bellicose rhetoric from both sides as well as claims and counter-claims that are difficult to verify because of limited access to the border areas.
it was the recessional song at our wedding. the only recorded music we used.
It’s true. You see more, hear more, taste, smell and feel more when you walk. The alternatives: riding the bus, driving, biking etc are fine in particular circumstances where immediacy is the objective. But you can’t learn from your surroundings until you’re immersed in them. This seems obvious to me, but I never really thought about this concept until i was living in DC several years ago. I had a silly revelation, that all things are connected. Duh, Edward. Geographically all these locations you frequent by the varied subway rails are connected. You just needed to walk around aimlessly to connect the dots. Usually this aimlessness is a product of ill-preparation or some other self-inflicted issue. I stay out late and miss the bus home, or got off at the wrong stop and thought I was close to where I intended to go(when really I was nowhere close). My most recent excuse is i locked my bike up next to a canal after having a few too many, and now I get the privilege of retracing steps to find my long lost bicycle. It’s been 3 days and i’ve had no luck, yet.
Heraldry has been defined as the systematic and hereditary adoption of symbols or devices arranged on the surface of a shield. It was born in the tempestuous maelstrom that was 12th Century Europe. A continent that was emerging from the so called ‘Dark Ages’ and a time of relative stability and growing self-confidence.
Here are the sermon notes from Easter Sunday 4/8/12.
So, here’s ten amazing cover versions, in no particular order, that you may not have heard.
I have not been able to find fresh organic peas to puree for my special snowflake, so I finally bought frozens at Whole Foods. I made 7 little containers of them-- and fed him one for breakfast which he enjoyed especially when mixed with prunes-- before I noticed that WF adds SALT to their frozen peas. WTF, WF? WTF, indeed. I decided to toss out the whole batch.
On the day I sold my house, I spent the first hour of the morning collecting keys from the various friends who’d pretty much claimed them as their own.
I have been eating lots of rich food lately - it's that time of year. We had a work potluck last Friday and besides all the wonderful dishes brought in by coworkers, we also had BBQ brisket, smoked chicken and pulled pork catered by Detroit's legendary Slows BBQ, along with some of their fantastic mac and cheese. Then, there's the plate of Christmas cookies sitting on the counter. All of this heavy food has left me feeling more than a little weighed down. I am yearning for something light and healthy - like salad.
The challenge is to make a card or tag using the colors:
White Town: Undressed
Turn your card back to the front again and fold the lid edge toward you. Make sure you score your lines well, to make them nice and crisp!
In truth, for the most part, the sex-offender registry isn't an issue that breaks down along partisan lines because one of its primary purposes - even more so, IMO, than it promotes public safety - is to allow politicians of all stripes to grandstand and engage in demagoguery, at least until reality intervenes, either through stories of injustice or fiscal contraction. In times of normal budgets, at least for the last coupla decades, everybody on both sides of the aisle has said basically the same thing as the Congresswoman, just like everybody in Salem was against witches. In the current budget environment, though, she's writing checks up there in Washington that the state of Texas can't afford to cash. If these are the terms of debate these days, sign me up on the Governor's side and tell the feds nobody down here wants to pay for the Adam Walsh Act while we're closing schools and prisons and gutting core functions of state government.
it wasn't as easy as it seemed, to make one. it's a bit like writing
and she taught me to macrame,
I had about 100 people unfollow me, which frankly I think is less than what I expected. 2 days later I gained back about 300 so that's ok lol.
When public figures like John Prescott said a few years ago that there was more to this than we had been told, he was accused in certain areas of the press and media of being over the top and causing trouble. Other public figures and politicians like Tom Watson MP were scorned for their warnings. The police seem, at the very least, to have been very careless in their investigations and top politicians are firstly victims of the most awful intrusions into their private lives and others may have been aware of what was going on. So who do we, the public, trust?
But if you accept my "Suboptimal New York business practices are the result of a lack of competition" premise, then what I'd like to hear is your solution for getting New York to improve. Personally, I'm thrilled by the advent of self-publishing and the emergence of Amazon publishing because I can't think of any more potent combination of competitive pressure on New York. But I'd be very interested in the views of others on this point -- thanks.
9 HOURS LATER-
( meaning we don't have to make the weekly trip out to Camps Bay)
Creating a Beautiful Indoor Plant Arrangement As a Gift
Bob’s current $750,000 policy with a $1,500 annual premium will keep his death benefit in force until age 72, based on current interest and non-guaranteed charges. This is below what was originally projected at age 85 because of fluctuating interest rates. The policy has $38,825 in cash value, but Bob wants to be sure that the policy will stay in force until age 85.
There are a few decent-ish proposed explanations from other areas of psychology that take themselves slightly more seriously. It could be that deja vu is some form of disturbance of time perception, causing things that were just seen to be mislabeled as having happened some time ago. Of course I’m pretty sure that theory is just as useful as the one proposed since the beginning of the fucking phenomenon. Time perception having some thing to do with deja vu? Oh wow, awesome job. The one that’s gotten the most support in my opinion is the idea that deja vu occurs when for some reason the mind simultaneously “records” into memory and “reads” out of it. I put those words in quotes because I’d give great odds that there’s not anything remotely like “record” and “playback” in the brain and this is just a slightly more useful shitty analogy. There are also a couple papers suggesting that deja vu is associated loosely with better memory function. Which again sort of makes sense but is also disappointing as an explanation. I guess it rules out some possible explanations like a faulty memory that accidentally wrote to bad sectors or something like that. The thing is, there are more than a few of these explanations but they all amount to “some processes that are supposed to be in sync are out of sync for a bit”. Replace “some processes” with whatever it is the authors are flogging all over the place. No one seems to actually be engaging with the phenomenon so much as explaining it on the way to other research.
Prednisone, the report said.
those hours of practise and tuition
“The suspect was arrested shortly after the money was exchanged.”
Psalm 45:7, “Thou lovest righteousness and hatest wickedness: therefore God, thy God, hath anointed thee with the oil of gladness above thy fellows.”
Tried to seperate tracks but the damn free software just wouldnt do as it was told.This will give you something to do.
Originally intended as a Duane Allman solo project until the formation of The Allman Brothers Band reduced Allman's participation to the level of a very prominent session player, Ton-Ton Macoute, engineered at Ardent by Terry Manning, is classic Bayou blues, dripping with swampy atmosphere cut through by Allman's lovely slide guitar magic.
Deciding it was time to fix this problem, I experimented a little with a baked oatmeal recipe.
Mr FastBack was struggling with the self serve, his wife hovering at his shoulder, the Rosamund Pilcher having found an appreciate home and pincered in her knobbly claw of a hand. He wasn’t sure what the “item” in question was meant to be, or the card he had to swipe, or what to do when that was your done.
“Mr. Wolfbane?”
Kimmy: I thought you said he was just 'ok.'
I am in no doubt of the need for laws to protect people from discrimination, for the need for HR departments, and the need for Social Workers. But are we now smothered by too many protections, laws and directives? Can common sense and individual conscience survive in a world determined to legislate everybody into one-world-thinking? Can two or three people no longer sit down and air their opinions and feelings openly with each other before feeling the need to refer the matter to the appropriate "authority" or have we now surrendered the right of privacy and the right to take offence to higher powers?
Before entering interior design, you had a successful career as a hair and makeup artist. How did you find interior design?
Well done LA Weekly - and thank you Mr. Gold - I will definitely be back next year!!!
I run upstairs and shake the icing sugar out of my hair and get changed. A hat is out of the question; I only just remember to put on my shoes.
Next one is Raffi. (well..I guess Tatjana knows where this name comes from lol).
But as with any talent, you must have realized that this is one big world we live in. There is always room for improvement, and although your work might speak for itself, a degree behind you may be just what employers are looking for. Therefore, you muster all your reserves; you pack your easel, your brushes, and your palette and head north to the nearest art college.
"Look at those two sad old dears."
IMPERIAL TEEN - Feel the Sound
Another way to continue capturing those moments, is to share an interest. In our house, that's a love of books! Literature of all shapes and sizes. My teen seems to share my love of sci-fi/fantasy, and Liam seems to enjoy all the books his big brother used to love. New home town, means new library to check out, because we've exhausted the one here. (Small libraries are wonderful, don't get me wrong, but the more the books the better for this girl!) So, I whipped up another printable. There were three purposes to this one: a reminder to bring the old books back, a place to keep track of any programs the library runs that we attend, or would like to, and of course, our reading wish list. The wish list is the important one. It will enable me to take out the right books for our Teen (if he doesn't have a chance to get there himself) and I won't be forgetting what book/author it was that I was meaning to check out.
I made a 5x7 swing card. The monster (cut from Mini Monsters) is on the front and the swing part of the card opens to show the Trick or Treat (cut from MS All Occasions) on the inside. My solid papers are from Papertrey Ink (Plum Pudding & Ripe Avocado) and my patterned paper is from the DCWV Amber Autumn Fall Stack. I used my Tim Holtz distress tool to distress the edges of the cardstock - hope you can see that - it made a really cool effect perfect for this card - and distressed inks (Dusty Concord & Peeled Paint) on everything. I didn't have enough purple gems but with some clear dew drops and my V09 Copic marker I colored my own and added them for a finished look. The phrases were part of a collage paper in that DCWV paper stack and I added some dots and sparkle with Sakura glitter pens.
A word from Chechnya's thug-in-chief - we are indeed honoured.
German hefeweizen (or wheat beer if that’s easier) was a bit of a gateway beer style for me. They don’t tend to be very hoppy or very bitter, they’re usually quite sweet and they’re different enough from lager to get make you curious. I guess approachable would be the word I’d use, enough to pique an interest but not palate-shocking enough to scare you off.
I scuffed my feet and stared at the ground debating if I should take it or not.
It could be childhood memories, or times before we were born.
The RBI added that Indian companies might also buyback FCCBs at a minimum discount between 10 per cent and 20 per cent on the book value utilising their internal accruals under the approval route. Earlier, this stood at 25 per cent.
got Prakash on he knees!
Man may trouble and distress me,
As I was assembling these bad boys Mike came in to the kitchen and tried out the chicken. It was so flavorful he actually threatened to take it away from me! I'll have to remember this beer poaching method for future recipes.
Apologies for the mess all over my desk. And yes, that's the Big Box of Buffy (again). Yesterday was the one-hundredth anniversary of the death of Bram Stoker, which gave me the excuse (as if one were needed) to start my annual non-stop seven series Buffy-fest; one of the greatest pleasures of not having a life.
I'll wear a boot, to make it somewhat rounder.
Congratulations, Deb! Please email at stampandcreate@bellsouth.net with your mailing address and I will get this to you.
Tuesday 8 February to Saturday 12 March
Armed with eyes of a hawk and ears of a bat, the Inside Ballet participants entered the theatre – expectant, exuberant and excited. As the afternoon unfolded, their enhanced senses were arrested by the viscerally charged Rite of Spring, subtly teased by regal Faun(e)s’, and taken to soaring heights on the wings of the Firebird.”
But two DDDB representatives expressed confidence in current fundraising, noting that litigation expenses were much greater then than now.
The hero of And Blue Skies from Pain is Liam Kelly, a Catholic and former member of the Provisional IRA, who lost his wife to the fighting in Northern Ireland. He learned in the previous volume that his father was not a Protestant, as vicious rumor had it, but rather a shape-shifting creature, one of the Fianna. As the book begins, Liam is the key to efforts to broker a peace between these creatures and the Militis Dei, a group of Catholic priest-warriors dedicated to destroying fallen angels and their demon progeny.
Example: We were all sitting around the table eating dinner. My daughter had asked to get her ears pierced, and I told her we could go on Saturday. (We did this and had such a special girls only day that I will cherish forever!) She started talking excitedly about what else we might do at the mall, like maybe we could get a pretzel, or – This is where husband cut her off (because the nerve of this girl wanting a treat too) and said she was being rude and never thought of anyone else when she talked, and that she wasn’t going to get a whole special day just because she wanted it. So I stopped him, and said “Daddy meant we should talk about our plans another time, but that those are all good ideas” I stopped her tears before they even formed. I turned around his hurtful words, deflected them like bullets on Wonder Woman’s bracelets. Ba-Zing! Ba-Zing!
Where are our priorities?
Now if only I'd made my own old-fashioned whipped cream instead of using Cool Whip’s whipped oil. (Did you know that? Ridiculous.) But that’s for another day and another post.
He laughed. “It’s not hot in here. And you’ve been standing still.”
I should have the Imperial Jetbikes conversion posted soon, so stay tuned for that.
It’s not your eyes like others few
I think it’s the vanilla. I can”t stand fake vanilla flavor- whether it’s ice cream or otherwise. And when the recipe is as easy as this one (3 steps?) I have a hard time imagining why you wouldn’t just go ahead and make the real thing. I guess I’ve evolved.
Thank you for spending time with us today and sharing some of your experiences with us. Hope to hear from you again, Evie!
I like the idea of Morrison faking his own death and still out there somewhere on the highways in hiding, the wandering man, the walking dude. I think that if he hadn’t died in 1971 he would have grown into an academic or a novelist. As it was, Morrison lived more in his twenty-seven years than most of us could manage in a hundred lifetimes.
I'd always see this beer in the cooler in Nashville and think of the Bukowski poem which mentions the great Lord of the pooped wig:
Yngve A, Sjöström M. Breastfeeding in countries of the European Union and EFTA: current and proposed recommendations, rational, prevalence, length and trends. Public Health Nutrition 2001; 4: 631-645.
If you know someone overseas in either the RAAF, NAVY or ARMY then please address the package with their name on it or if you dont know of anyone over there please address a Christmas Care package as follows:
In conclusion, Mr. Chairman and members of the committee, I urge your support of HR 182 and thank you for the opportunity to sit in front of you today.
I'm bringing this up because earlier today I got a call from her Public Defender. Basically he wanted to know if Holly knew the people whose mailboxes were hit and if they had been repaired/compensated for the damage. I told him I didn't know them off hand but when she came home from school I'd have her show me because again and call him back. I talked to Andy and he doesn't want me to call back at all. I want to at least call and demand that she apologize to Holly. (Lydia doesn't comprehend the severity of the situation.)
Have I ever mentioned that I love beer and jazz and Wes Anderson?
"Well I'm going to have to go check. And then I'll have to void it off, and then a manager is going to have to come and override..." Her voice trailed off and was replaced by the loud smacking of her gum.
I looked at my diary last year, and realised that life was much quieter then. It seems a million years ago, for I have had to adjust to this new life so quickly, that I sometimes wonder whether I ever was married. Did I dream those 14 years? And that got me thinking about The Future – you know, if there is someone that determines Partnership Fate, what is in store for me? I am very grateful for the years Pip and I had together, but sometimes I look at other people and think how lucky they are to be celebrating 30 or 40 years together. Something I will never now have. Well actually I suppose if I get a move on I could. Just :)
Other proteins are used to build cardiac muscle. What’s that? Your heart! In fact, whether you’re running or just hanging out, protein is doing important work like moving your legs, moving your lungs, and protecting you from disease.
Since the taxpayer is funding your education, the government would be wise to have all students sign a contract stating that they will be staying in the province until the cost of their education has been repaid. With the changes stated above, I am sure the student will be eligible for a low-paying government job practically guaranteed (required?) upon their admission to university. The good news for students is that after 15-20 years in the public sector, they will have sufficient experience to move to the private sector.
The nurse grinned slightly, “Well, I guess I can see what sort of patient you’re going to be. I’ll send the aide for some water.” She leaned on the bed rail and looked at Meg, studying her eyes, “You’ll need to take it easy on your stomach.”
In a programme broadcast on Channel 4 in 2010, Prof Dawkins asked Dr Rowan Williams if he would see God as having any role in the evolutionary process.
“Just put a bow on it and call it wrapped.”
Incidentally, it’s worth noting that there’s been a recent spate of rape and attempted rape cases across New York City in the last several months to which many argue the police response has been lax at best, which casts questions on the claim the police merely wanted to help the protesters.
On August 13, with American commanders unaware that a peace protocol had been signed between Spain and the United States on the previous day, American forces captured the city of Manila from the Spanish. Governor-General Fermin Jaudenes had made a secret agreement with Dewey and General Wesley Merritt. Jaudenes specifically requested to surrender only to the Americans, not to the Filipino rebels. To save face, he proposed a mock battle with the Americans preceding the Spanish surrender; the Filipinos would not be allowed to enter the city. Dewey and Merritt agreed to this, and no one else in either camp knew about the agreement. On the eve of the mock battle, General Thomas M. Anderson telegraphed Aguinaldo, “Do not let your troops enter Manila without the permission of the American commander. On this side of the Pasig River you will be under fire”.
And if I thought THAT was bad, the project I'm about to embark on will damn near kill me.
I am determined to lose this extra weight.
as "a bit of a mate". Lenny Henry doesn't tell any gags,
There literally a million ways to be humbled in our daily lives and the majority of which are right there waiting for you. Let’s focus on the strength, workout aspect for a moment. This is just but one example:
the MITM was with me as the doctor discussed the next step and the need to just get it done. there is still no mention of cancer, just the need to find out what exactly IS there. i called the coconut krewe already.
He’ll say: Are you married?
One could easily imagine the same dynamic at play in other areas, like employment. There could be a case where a white woman and a black woman have a disagreement at work, but the white woman will have the upper hand in this situation because they both know that if management gets involved, it is more likely to favor the white woman’s side.
Sunday: 9 Miles (holy shit!)
-Jim
120ml Cold water
The Lazarus Experiment
Live for yourself and I’ll do the same for you
So on a stale, often very repetitive and unimaginative pop scene, there is no doubt that Björk has blazed new trails pointing in directions where no one thought of looking before. This 30-year Icelandic techno-elf has certainly shaken things up - from a place where preconceived notions of music just don't apply.
L: Mac & Cheese & Veggies
I promise to return soon with something that my psyche orders written….its been embroiled in struggles, and I do write a *lot* these days, just not the kind that belongs here…
2 tablespoons red chilli powder
According to 2006 data published by the federal Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, the Fertility Institutes transfered far more embryos to women than are recommended under voluntary professional guidelines – a cause for concern. For instance, the clinic transferred an average six embryos to women under 35 years old; the standards call for no more than two embryos to be transferred to women of this age.
To borrow from one of the most popular chants during the Bersih 3.0 rally - HIDUP RAKYAT!
And the beard of his chin was as white as the snow;
Take their Vogue View section where the reporting on the latest trends is free from irritating and snide insinuations that if you weren't wearing it all yesterday rather than your old clobber, then you are nought but fashion roadkill.
brown wool jersey
Barn-like frame
Have fun on the hop, and make sure to stop by SCACD afterwards to do a little shopping. You can find the new stamps HERE. You can also take a peek around the store to see all the wonderful new products Susana has brought in recently. No matter what your artistic style might be, Susana definitely has products to suit your specific needs. :)
Oh Dad.
Another example is that of a learner driver who on his instructor orders has to indicate in a certain direction. He cannot say that he will not “blindly follow” the instructor. He has no choice but to follow instructions even if it be against his judgement otherwise he will end up harming himself and the instructor.
Happy Thursday Eve!
ASSHOLE: Yes.
San Salvador, the nation’s capital, and central San Vicente province were the hardest-hit regions, officials were reported as saying
As it has become common knowledge that CO2 is vital to all life on Earth and plays no role in affecting the climate, ordinary people have concluded that global warming in particular and environmentalism in general is a giant fraud.
A Proverbs 31 woman uses weird words like “helpmeet,” and uses “purpose” as a verb (“I purpose to get the dishes washed today.”)
In all, however, this is a lovely YA novel with a younger protagonist -- those seem to be becoming rare these days. The influence of culture, and how it links to identity, is well explored and the various interesting locations are each given their own flavour -- Sydney, Hong Kong, Ireland. (For me, it was nice to read a book set in Sydney where I could connect to the places in the book and say "Hey, I go there every day!").
Grady also still loves his media. Out of all of our kids, he is the one that loves media the most...TV, movies, Leapster/video games. And I love his variety...he loves a wide range of things. He of course has my heart :) because one of his very favorites to watch is Little House on the Prairie (was always my fave growing up...still is). He also loves Anne of Green Gables...I think he just loves a good story in general of real life people...and that's a great story. When the girls are watching a Barbie movie though, he'll join right in (they do have good storylines and good always wins out over evil of course). He loves old cartoons...like really old...like black and whites. And while Joel was gone I gave him a treat. Some of the nights, I would put them down for bed, then I'd let Grady get up and while I took a shower he would watch...Star Wars. He'd been asking for a while so I got the cartoon ones, Clone Wars, for him to watch. He loves them. He is all into the story of it all...his friend Michael has told him lots of what the movies are about. He found out the other day that one of his favorites ends up dying. He went to his room and grieved a little bit...like a couple of tears worth. I love the way he just lets the emotions come and show and isn't afraid of that. ;) Sometimes while reading our books for school, we'll all three have tears streaming down our faces, but esp. me and Grady. ;) (Yes, our homeschool books are really that amazing)
“Re-Gifter”
Prince
6. Sleigh Ride
"Our primary function is to prepare all of us to come to uphold and to exemplify the values of a democracy," said Soudien. "Central to this is unconditional respect for others, the unconditional right of people to associate with whom they want, their unconditional right to dignity, and critically, their unconditional right to express themselves freely."
Can you tell us a little about your next project?
If you’ve been sick I pronounce you healed! If you couldn’t walk, begin to walk! I declare success, promotion, increase and prosperity for you in the Mighty Name of Jesus! Amen! Whatever you couldn’t do before, do it now, in the all-powerful Name of Jesus! Amen!
turn the page to your next adventure
Okay, moving on: in a nudie featuring a Catskills Drac and his lycanthrope henchman, I do not expect lingering shots of dead girls, bloodied corpses or girls lashed onto BDSM crosses and molested. That's a whole lot more than a movie called Dracula (The Dirty Old Man) can support, and way more than any hapless viewer of vaudeville guffaws and occasional views of female flesh would or could expect.
Mrs Maple nodded in return and shuffled off to the kitchen to cook his order. As well as the cook, and the bar maid, she was the cleaner, the accountant and the bouncer, but not the owner. Things worked like that in Epsum Illum. Everything was owned by Mr Marshall Marshall who’d arrived one bitter winter, ten years previously and bought up the entire town. Nobody knew how he’d managed it without a single voice of protest, although things haven’t really changed that much, except for the 70 percent of everyone’s earnings, after tax, that went to Mr Marshall Marshall at the end of each year.
Drifting and sick from the ride,
What we find is that the more hours one spends in the training program, the fewer errors they make – at least for the novice group (r = -0.66). As we discussed last time, a negative correlation means as one score increases another decreases, thus more hours must mean less errors!
Perales: Segundo Barrio is a vital part of El Paso’s history, and it is important that we not forget that. It was the largest Mexican neighborhood, and it has such rich stories to tell.
This reminds me of Proverbs 14:9. “Fools make a mock at sin.” Paul confirms this in Colossians 1:18. “For the preaching of the cross is to them that perish foolishness.” If Paul is present when the Lord pronounces judgment upon the unbelievers, he can truly say, “Ye should have hearkened unto me.”
In some ways South Africa is like all other countries, in other ways it is like some others, and in its own, unique way it is like no other country. It is subject to the same environmental and ecological threats as all other countries on this earth, it is caught up in the realities of a globalising economy and it is adapting to rapidly changing production, service and information technologies.
In today’s society, you can only be one or the other, feminine or masculine. In other words, there seems to be a distaste for an androgenic role (as can be seen in the recent case of Caster Semenya). It has been suggested (Watanabe and Iwata) that restriction of the androgen role causes an envy of women to be developed in the male unconscious, which in him consolidates the taboo on the expressions of bisexuality. A restriction on men’s androgyny further results in a restriction of bisexuality and this is seen as a limitation on masculinity itself.
he'd given me a violin, I'd be performing at Carnegie Hall." I think we all have gifts that can be nurtured but some are innate. For example, I've always had a passion for the piano but after years of classes and practice realized it wasn't meant to be, but even at a very early age, I was keenly aware of my surroundings and understood the impact of lighting, music and furniture placement in rooms. I have been asked if my design style was inspired in part by the home retailers that I've worked for in the past, but the reverse is true. I've been able to bring Pottery Barn and Restoration an aesthetic that is uniquely my own. I have a passion for interiors and am inspired by magazines, design blogs, and books on decor but the thing that drives my choices for colors, furnishings, and finishes is how I want to feel when I walk in a room...a space that speaks to my soul and makes me smile when I walk in
This is an instance of a very deep principle that age and experience gradually will suggest -- the ideal is the most pragmatic option. It is the option that will have the best outcome in time.
See how much the wood has separated? The tip of the corners have stayed pretty tight but that's due to the screws I used there.
The last potion bottle I want to share with you is this beauty... I love it so much because it was such a great deal and all I had to do was put a label on it... it was filled this way and the symbol on the front was perfect! This was a total of $0.25 at a garage sale... a whole 1/2 off their asking price. Hehe!
Memorable Line: “…Don King, who is just a wretched, slimy reptilian motherfucker … He would kill his mother for a dollar.”
Food & Beer: This would be my choice for a professional working lunch when the rest of the group orders mineral water and fruit smoothies. I’m betting that, at 119 calories the alcohol content is most of those calories and the alcohol by volume is easy to compute. If you have the intestinal fortitude to order a beer when your boss orders a mineral water you deserve a raise.
E) Carbon offsetting, except where firmly linked to development benefits, or as a last resort, is not discussed like it used to be. Thankfully. Reducing operational and supply chain GHG impact is rightfully much higher up the agenda.
xoBC
So a quick and simple solution was a grip, yes I could of bought some, but if you read this blog on a regular basis you'll know I try to make things before I part with cash ;-)
Thankfully I’ve still got a load of Jack in the box beneath the bed.
I've started Shadow Kiss by Richelle Mead on Monday,
And that's why everyone is talking about the "club 27" - the magical age of 27 in which influential musicians with great talents have died all to early. This list contains artists like Jimi Hendrix, Janis Joplin or Kurt Cobain.
With the internet around, how is a web address that different than a corporate phone number? Neither are private or personal. I no longer pick up the phone to have pizza delivered, I go to a web address. So, how soon until a web address is deemed personally identifiable contact information and subsequently banned?
Best Bet: Melissa McCarthy (Supporting Actress), Kristen Wiig and Annie Mumolo (Original Screenplay); Possible: Picture; Long Shot: Kristen Wiig (Lead Actress), Editing
2-3 boneless chicken breasts
High above the forest floor, deep in the swampy lowland jungles of Papua, tree houses greet the eyes of explorers trekking into what remains one of the last remote corners of the globe. The tree houses tower overhead at heights of over 80 feet above the ground, appearing to teeter but held firm by Sago palm tree fibres. These constructions are the homes of the Kombai and the neighbouring Korowai, tribal people numbering in the thousands who decorate their bodies with bones and may still count cannibalism among their customs.
"Yeah? What happens when they enter the workforce? Think the company will let them do whatever they want on their own time?"
i used tattered angels "fanciful screens" and "frost" glimmer mist to create my background paper. the zig-zag red frame is meant to represent the square windows on the inspirational photo.
Watch these three towns for severe weather over the next 24-48 hours… (possible damaging winds, heavy rain, hail, and possible tornadic activity)
Last week I visited the old Young's brewery. Having been closed for years it's a bit of a sad sight, but amongst the gutted buildings there was a glimmer of hope.
A week into May and I've completed all my DT assignments for the month. With crafty time on my hands, I browsed around my LSS and came home with Janet Hopkins' Wayfarer papers for Bazzill.
Isn't the blue ombre fun? Sky of blue and sea of green in my yellow submarine!
We have a few more weeks before the kids are back in school so we're going to take full advantage of the time and do some family type things weather permitting.
First Sentence: “Uphold my vows and die.”
Good Day Mr. Completely,
I want you to see that I’m a real dude who does positive things – so you can have a peace of mind.
For those of you who want the real technical low-down on it, here’s Graeme’s take on it:
ISBN: 1442413336
putting a dog on the roof of his car?
Some see more than this.
This is my zone. It's certainly not going to win anything on its glam factor, I know. The thing is, I like my space to be fairly neutral and ordered. Yes, that's TweetDeck I have open there, alongside my favourite pen and notebook... and beside that, a booklet that keeps reminding me I need to do my taxes! The camel by the back wall was given to me by my husband's cousin in Cairo last year and that gold sphere beside it is an ashtray because she thought 'all writers smoke'.
I don’t know if I’ve ever showed you that room? It’s pretty darn cute. ;)
Mum is back in hospital after falling, her carer found her yesterday morning, she must have fallen before going to bed and had been on the floor all night. Apparently she managed to say she wanted the paramedics and to go to the “nice” hospital! I met her at A&E and they ran lots of tests. Last night we saw the doctor who went through everything. She is quite poorly, with lots of different things wrong which is worrying but she is in the right place and they really do seem to want to get to the bottom of it all.
The next step is where you need to practice a bit and see what is comfortable for you.
assembly, the budget figure
Holder’s response will even FURTHER amaze most Americans on both sides of the aisle:
Currently they're sampling my shoe, which means that if they get enough orders, then they will actually manufacture it! Isn't that fantastic. Keep your fingers crossed for me :)
At a 2004 meeting of the International Institute for Sustainable Development held at United Nations headquarters in New York, the prince of Orange sat side by side with Bilderberger and Executive Director of UNEP Klaus Töpfer, discussing the “overall review of implementation of Agenda 21.”
Do you have a Food Network or other obsession?
That pretty much sums it up. The waste and things our bodies cannot or does not metabolize…comes out…another way….its called #2.
Some yearn for lugubrious silence
A couple of years ago, I had the opportunity, or possibly the misfortune, to spend a lot of time around some really dumb people who did a lot a dumb things.
No, dammit, she will probably just think that is "cute." Fuck, she may even think he likes her.
The sister working for a home health agency was out making her rounds visiting home-bound patients when she ran out of gas. As luck would have it, a gas station was just a block away.
Where the story hit roadblocks for me was that there was just so much focus on the bedroom. There were some scenes with an overall eww factor and it just seemed to take over the sweet story. Also, the wager the couple made between each other was just silly to me, and then the REAL conflict of the story wasn't even fleshed out or resolved until the very end of the book.
All of The Boss's limousines are equipped with partitions. The partition is an electrically operated barrier that isolates the passenger compartment from the driver. In essence, we're already in a separate space - the partition just fills in the hole.
Labour Party
Brennin Hunt was a douchebag, but I’m positive he would make a lot of money as a professional douchebag, so cutting him was a mistake. Jazzlyn Little was the oldest of the little girls, and seems much more marketable to me than the younger bunch.
Wheel of Fortune is doing its annual ‘”Going Green” week in Portland form April 30th to May 4th, 2012 sot he grand prizes featured are therefore Eco-friendly cars, gift packages of Eco-friendly products and trips to Eco-friendly destinations such as Dominica which is commonly known as the “Nature Isle”.
I wanted to have something that everyone would like and hope I picked out something special that will suit most people's tastes.
If oysters don’t make a regular appearance on your dinner plate, don’t despair. In addition to getting it from whole grains and nuts, you can also get zinc from beef and lamb.
My next project looks like being a crocheted waistcoat,
With much fanfare, former president Joseph Estrada transferred out of his long-time Polk Street, San Juan residence to his new home in Sta. Mesa, Manila yesterday morning. Estrada, who was found guilty of plunder in 2007, confirmed his bid to unseat incumbent Manila Mayor Alfredo Lim in the 2013 midterm elections. He also tapped incumbent Vice Mayor Francisco “Isko Moreno” Domagoso as his running-mate.
David Cameron and Angela Merkel share 28/27 entries with other Camerons (notably James Cameron) and Merkels and no distinctive range of products or services can be assesed for the time being.
from my head and fit it just above his eyebrows,
He walks by each time and looks into my eyes for warmth I think. Large glasses, a slow heavy gait. His face is always in worry, until he looks back and tries to hand me his smile. Gentle. I’ve never spoken to him but it seems I know him better than I know the others that swarm this hive. Never once have they kept contact without searching for something unattainable, to discern whether I am worthy of their sins or not.
Never accomplished a proper military school, but learned the tricks of command during various actions in Malacha (first as a member of the Desert Corps, than the FDG, the elite unit inside the corps), nothing major to mention, thus no promotions. Later he was sent back to the motherland when the Northern Coalition started a war (again) against Frickland, receiving the promotion to Captain and joining the ranks of the FNG (Fricklander Northern Grenadiers, a unit dwelling and recruiting in the Northlands near the hostile borders). News of the birth of his second child reached him there.
Or perhaps we could even say that the same entities, objects, time-travelers and time-travel machines, perhaps stand still, and ingress in multiple moments of time, dipping into multiple strands of time like one would dip a toe into a stream? Might repetition from one perspective be multiplication from another? Many scientists have argued that perhaps there is only one photon, one light particle, in the universe, which simply bounces between many moments of spacetime. Why should film not be as strange as our realities?
This is a pretty rough list but it helps in the final meal planning sheet and the grocery shopping list. I plan my grocery list with the rough draft and double check it with my pantry and fridge/freezer before I finalize it. I do rewrite it neatly and organize it by the grocery store aisles.
Today I want to show you my first attempt at knitting socks, they aren't perfect but I love them. I can knit but haven't picked up knitting needles for years. My Nan taught me when I was a little girl and then when I had my babies I used to knit for them.
I know that I have the power to overcome because my Jesus always overcomes.
Real House Prices
Happy Turkey. Go on out and appreciate something today.
and then there was this email i received today:
But his niece, Elyria-Lorain Broadcasting AAA WNWV/107.3 "V107.3" promotions/marketing director Suzy Peters, is an OMW reader, and put together a biography based on his personal notes. (She also passed along the picture we've used in this item.)
I have decided to start of slowly with one unit online ..... I'm this time ready for it and super excited.
So it’s totally and 101% confirmed that Zac Efron is the newest endorser of Philippines’ global brand-Penshoppe!
Manager: “Yes.”
Lincoln could have made much better decisions as president of the United States. Facts are, Lincoln chose to totally dismiss state sovereignty and waged the bloodiest war in world history up to that point to uphold federal overreach that hasn’t been rectified since his presidency. Lincoln launched a military invasion without the consent of Congress, suspended habeas corpus, imprisoned thousands of Northern citizens without trial for merely opposing his policies, censored all telegraph communication and imprisoned dozens of opposition newspaper publishers; nationalized the railroads; used Federal troops to interfere with elections; confiscated firearms; and imposed an economic policy that would forever embolden the power-hungry. As DiLorenzo notes often in his treatise, many “scholars” have openly celebrated the fact that Lincoln led the way in subverting constitutional government in America.
But God how Redding had hated all of that bad business, however, he’d soon realized that when Andrew Petersen had blown him off that he would need to make a strong and definite impression on his next victim—Dr. Horner. Yes, the young man had done a nice job there, and now with getting rid of Hamilton he’d once again proven he had the grit to get things done. His name was Chad Wentworth and he was vital to the cause at the moment. He had connections Redding had tapped into. Nice political connections. And to think Chad had been discovered guarding the double doors outside The Brotherhood meeting in Valencia only four years ago. He had come a long way. And so had Chad’s major connection. Redding smiled and held his drink in the air, cheering himself.
And I say…
In the letter it flatly says they oppose the opening of the casino.
Another great Summer soap! My Mint Julep soap has pure spearmint essential oil and mint leaves in it. It's nice and refreshing just like the drink. Fresh batch of it ready to ship now.
He is losing, of course. The revolution he started–a half hour a day, five days a week–it wasn’t enough, it didn’t spread, and so, forced to fight his battles alone, Mister Rogers is losing, as we all are losing. He is losing to it, to our twenty-four-hour-a-day pie fight, to the dizzying cut and the disorienting edit, to the message of fragmentation, to the flicker and pulse and shudder and strobe, to the constant, hivey drone of the electroculture… and yet still he fights, deathly afraid that the medium he chose is consuming the very things he tried to protect: childhood and silence. Yes, at seventy years old and 143 pounds, Mister Rogers still fights, and indeed, early this year, when television handed him its highest honor, he responded by telling television–gently; of course–to just shut up for once, and television listened. He had already won his third Daytime Emmy, and now he went onstage to accept Emmy’s Lifetime Achievement Award, and there, in front of all the soap-opera stars and talk-show sinceratrons, in front of all the jutting man-tanned jaws and jutting saltwater bosoms, he made his small bow and said into the microphone, “All of us have special ones who have loved us into being. Would you just take, along with me, ten seconds to think of the people who have helped you become who you are …. Ten seconds of silence.” And then he lifted his wrist, and looked at the audience, and looked at his watch, and said softly, “I’ll watch the time,” and there was, at first, a small whoop from the crowd, a giddy, strangled hiccup of laughter, as people realized that he wasn’t kidding, that Mister Rogers was not some convenient eunuch but rather a man, an authority figure who actually expected them to do what he asked… and so they did. One second, two seconds, three seconds… and now the jaws clenched, and the bosoms heaved, and the mascara ran, and the tears fell upon the beglittered gathering like rain leaking down a crystal chandelier, and Mister Rogers finally looked up from his watch and said, “May God be with you” to all his vanquished children.
They reason why:
When we look at the New Testament, we see the fulfillment of these prophetic stories. We see Jesus being born in Bethlehem, escaping to Egypt as a little boy and coming out of Nazareth. We see that Jesus was crucified on wood from a tree and His Resurrection proved that death and the grave could not hold Him. Jesus, himself stated that He would return to take His people with Him.
Sing when you have sweet or sour song,
What will help us make the transition?
to not be so preoccupied with getting,
I can’t wait we are going to go to the temple, the beach, a Padres game and the Zoo. I can’t wait to eat a hotdog at the Padres game.
2008 Crémant de Limoux, Cuvée Audace – 17.50€
Dammit, last nite dream just i felt like in the real fuckin world!! I still could taste her lovely skin, and also i still could hear her adorable voice!! Nau i really missed Matsui Jurina, i hope that we could meet again in other dreams L”L
Tears to the lining or stitching of pillows mean they cannot be effectively cleaned and patients could be exposed to infection through the mouth, nose, eyes and ears, the report said.
What best thing you learned during your time in the TexasMedia Sequence?
We went to Spain so that myself and Christy could run the Rock N Roll Madrid Marathon. I don't speak Spanish and I didn't want to go on the trip alone (we were meeting Christy there), so, I roped the sister to coming with me, and we had an absolute blast. From making friends with the flight crew on the longest plane ride ever (seriously, niether of us slept), to Diet Coke runs at all hours of the night, so fun.
The researchers found that more than twice as many women who took HRT died within the follow-up period, compared with those who took the placebo (25 vs. 12 deaths, respectively).
"We sat at this really fancy diner. He leaned over, grabbed my hand and smiled. He said something like, 'I have the best time with you, Elisa. You might not be the prettiest girl I've dated, but you sure are the funnest.' I told him we needed to break up right after that and he kept asking, 'What did I do wrong? What did I do?' Some people are so clueless."
I am thankful for my Family,Church Family, Friends & my new blogging Buddies.
UPDATE: 7th April, 2011. And on the other hand …. Retail Excellence Ireland is certainly ramping up its campaign to have legislative changes made to UORRs enacted, with claims that employment will be protected and expanded if the expected changes are implemented, though there seems to be an additional hook that reductions in business rates might also be needed. There’s a press release here and re-publication of a letter to the Irish Times here.
What. A. Phenomenal. Sight.
The Hague is the seat of government in the Netherlands, but it is not the capital (that would be Amsterdam.) This always strikes me as very odd, and I can't think of another country where the two roles are split between different cities, can you? The Hague is also the judicial capital of the United Nations.
“It’s kind of sad the Dodgers are gone, but their legacy lives on," says Christina Valdez. “It doesn’t live on in the Mets. It lives on by people being more racially tolerant of each other.”
Lately, lots of things have been going on in my life both personally and professionally. Kyle and I bought a house, I went to a fairly earth-shattering leadership conference, and a few other more personal things have happened. All I've wanted to do was to knit for knitting's sake. So, I've started my own version of a stress blanket - only, because we live in Oklahoma, because I don't want a blanket, and because I have a lot of cotton yarn laying around I've been making "stress-clothes".
As you can see, the minimal facts (“MF”) argument takes the following form:
Even though the movie focuses on the more human aspects of Spider-Man there still is a lot of action set pieces to be had. The visual effects here look amazing as Spidey zooms around the city and battles one of his most formidable foes, Doc Ock. The train sequence is the greatest action scene of any movie on this list and probably the best of its decade. There is very few times that a movie is able to take me completely out of my head but that scene did and truly left me awed. It’s crazy how the movie is able to balance its excellent action scenes with the more quiet moments. Every character gets its due and no one is underdeveloped as we leave the theater feeling that we have seen a “complete” Spider-Man tale. Spider-Man 2 is a true classic of the genre. It contains all things that we love about Peter Parker and all things that we love about those that dawn masks and tights.
The woman holding on for life,
I'll try to make it interesting, but if you nod off, I'll understand!
Singapore will only benefit from this regional infusion of talent. Our young nation has an equally young (professionally, that is) quant team. We will have to improve our skills and knowledge. And we will need to be more vocal and assertive before the world notices us and acknowledges us. We will get there. After all, we are from Singapore–an Asian tiger used to beating the odds.
The reader knows from the outset that Hepzibah has died but her and Rebecca's appalling story is only gradually revealed as the book progresses. Hepzibah's tale, up to her death, alternates with Rebecca's which starts at that point. I always wonder with a story like this, why the victims didn't speak out sooner or try to leave, but telling the tale from the sisters' point of view gives the reader an insight into why they, at least, had never thought of any such action.To them, this is how the world is - they don't know of an alternative. Speak out - and things could become even worse!
This was one of the best and most productive farm groups in the area. It cultivated mealies and ran an excellent dairy herd. Altogether the taxpayers paid R5 070 000 for these four farms.
I’ll also remember to thank the sponsors and organisers who made the event not only possible, but such a success.
...doesn't look like it's ready for opening anytime soon, and despite having won the Le Fooding prize for "Best Decor", everything I saw looked either unfinished or covered up in plastic. Very much a work-in-progress that seemed to be composed of a lot of mirrored surfaces and marble.
Yesterday was the first day of Cro-a-porter. And I had the opportunity to be (act) a model
The Problem with Premise #2: Zombie Psychology
“Hold up, but remain ready,” Tanner ordered.
Astro vice president, Rohaizad Mohamed, admitted to The Malaysian Insider that Astro censored BBC’s report on the Bersih 3.0 rally.
Here is a distilled essence showing just how bad it's gotten. How thoroughly Murdoch-Limbaugh-Norquist-Waleed, the four horsemen of America's collapse, control the Republican Party. Two years ago, 100% of the GOP Senators voted the party line 100% of the time, all votes, for every issue, all year long.
It’s letting someone else’s life inspire you, rather than letting it bury you in sadness.
A good creative writing class will inspire, nurture, develop. It will send you away to that quiet communion with the page; it will bring you back to encourage, to look for what is best in what you've written and see how you can make it better still.
Today is Bob Cole’s birthday.
In Limpopo only four of the 10 stations picked up every call, and in Gauteng, only half of the stations were available on all three occasions.
However, I do think it’s hard to motivate a child who has access to cable, a dvr, and processed snacks from the age of 8 onward. I worry about this with you, my gayby.
Cobalt Blue Dark
I felt so scummy. I felt so horrible. He sounded like my dad, telling me I had to pay for my own school. He sounded like my mom, telling me she was taking me to court for $45,000.
Be sure to tell your dentist if you’re taking any medications or have had any changes in your overall health — especially if you’ve had any recent illnesses or you have a chronic condition.
stood at her window and inhaled the sweet air of newness,
Taylor climbed into the truck and fired her up. Connor tossed his backpack and binder into the bed with Taylor’s baseball gear and joined him.
Still the rest of my trip was amazing and just as eventful as that fateful moment, and I thought I would share my amazing July 2010 trip to Switzerland (or Soozie-Land as my mother calls it).
I hope you know somebody loves you
Well either way, Shu goes crazy again, Inori saw Arisa as she saw what happened, Shu confronts Yahiro, Argo tries to talk sense into Shu, Shu takes his void and laughs maniacally.
Myra: You won't regret this, Roy!
I'm not sure what I think of sites that promote this. Poop Senders is not alone. There are actually a lot of websites out there that will do this for you. I just keep picturing myself being on the receiving end of a poop package and unless it was from someone within my immediate circle of friends and/or family, I would get pretty upset about it.
M - F 12:30 - 5:30
"I'm done waiting. I'm going HOME".
I recently shared a bit of shooting advice I heard in the movie, The Patriot, “Aim small; miss small.” As I understand it, the idea is that if one aims at his enemy and misses, he has to take another shot, but if he aims at the button on the enemy’s vest and misses, he still hits the enemy’s breast pocket. When we aim our service at the tiny pinpoint of our primary purpose, we are bound to find ourselves doing service of all kinds to all sorts of people as we attempt to find the compulsive overeater who is ready to receive our help. Practicing this principle in all our affairs, we find ourselves more fully freed from our self-obsession when we broaden our willingness to include all those we meet along the way.
The fashion show itself was fun too, but I was surprised by how "normal" a lot of the dresses looked without 50's hair, makeup, and undergarments. It's amazing how much those finishing touches matter when capturing the look of a period. My favorite part of the fashion show was the evening wear. Most of the gowns were so timeless that they looked more like something from this year's Academy Awards red carpet vs. something your grandma once wore!
I took so many pictures of so many subjects that I still have a lot to sort through and edit. I thought I would start with a series of pictures I shot of Effy, our exchange student. She graciously agreed to be our model and assistant even in freezing and windy conditions.
What folks may not remember is that the board, which includes Commissioner Gerard Robinson, are now holding the bag on the FCAT cut score increases that Jeb Bush and the Florida Chamber of Commerce pushed through in December 2011. Opponents to the cut score increases were vindicated today by the same board who disagreed with them just five months ago.
I won't lie, I started to cry. I've never thought it was a possibility before. I never believed my child would walk independently. I know, it sounds harsh and I know it sounds MEAN, but you HAVE to know that his entire life I've shrugged the idea off, so as not to hurt myself and not to make him think it was majorly important to me.
Causes: having experienced loyalty in the past and valuing it; having experience betrayal and wanting no part of it; love; a strict military or religious background where blind loyalty is expected and rewarded; a belief that the person, institution, or ideal espoused is more important than self
“The Slippery Slope”, the “Camels nose”, the “thin edge of the wedge” are all the very same thing. They are the manifestation of unintended consequence caused by people with good intentions. These are people or organizations that seldom give any consideration to the possible negative impact of the questionably “positive” change they seek. The slippery slope is invariably borne out of apathy, out of laziness, out of a need for expediency to generate results without the necessity of meaningful, thoughtful debate, specifically with those that are impacted the most by those changes to be made.
In time and place, however -- I remember once having a conversation with my sewing teacher back when I was in 4-H as a child about, for some reason, Jaws and how she remembered the summer it had come out and how terrified people were. I'm not sure if I remember her saying she'd been to see it or not, but I've always remembered her saying how scared people were and how silly it seemed now, etc., etc. Well, I've seen Jaws on the big scene and it was fucking terrifying and that was in 2009, 30 years after first release. I can't imagine seeing Friday the 13th on the big screen and it having the same effect.
Notes: A thick German accent helps (Wolfcastle is a parody of the Governator). Also, if an obvious pattern of suckitude from one particular player or situation develops it is acceptable to preempt said suckitude with “Real acid?”, a question Wolfcastle asks the director after the aforementioned instructions. Think deer in the headlights of a truck carrying acid.
V/A - We Three Bings (Vital Music, comp with Rats of Unusual Size, Lily Braindrop and the Yeastie Girlz, Lysdexic..green vinyl)
It’ll help the toxins to clear, my dear
Waterloo & City has taken a former greasy spoon diner located just a mile or so south of the emerging dining scene of downtown Culver City, and transformed it to a sophisticated yet laid back venue, creating an inviting space with a wide open layout that maximizes natural light and allows diners to enjoy the almost always gorgeous SoCal weather.
3rd stop The Living Planet Aquarium:
Sextet for 2 Clarinets, 2 Bassoons & 2 Horns Op.71 in E-flat Major
* Bake at 375° for 10 minutes or until lightly browned. Remove to wire racks to cool.
Pulled off nice and smooth and never looked back.
Level 7: Potions Recover 152%.
Wychwood Brewery "Bah Humbug" Christmas Ale (Reviewed by JM)—The second beer I sampled in the 2007 Search for the Best Christmas Brew was an unheard-of (for me, anyway) brew called Bah Humbug! (Wychwood Brewery, out of the UK). I paid $4.00 for the pint bottle, but the package seemed worth it - apparently the guys in marketing had done their job. The label featured an endearing cartoonish sketch of Ebenezer Scrooge in night-clothes, holding a candle and being haunted by Marley's Ghost.
“For sale: baby shoes, never used.”
I've been wanting to try half-square triangles for awhile now, so I thought I'd give those a go, but of course this being my first time I had to do them quite small. Not that they're really difficult or anything but I like to make things hard on myself and burn my fingers with the iron while pressing them. I wanted to do a gradation from one colour to another and I had this idea in my head. I didn't have quite the right solids but they weren't too bad. The yellow is a bit out of place, but I didn't have an inbetween orange and yellow colour. They grade from a medium red (they all look much darker in this photo) to a peachy pink, to salmon, to orange and then to lightish yellow.
I take my second hand clothes to be worn as new by someone else, and I slip into the frayed pants that were once new yet have become old and comfortable and now attained the status of second hand yet will remain with me until they fall into rags and then my second hand will hold the cleaning water bucket while the other brings a shine to the well-worn gently-used stove that cooks the pot of food that nourishes body and hands and soul into this moment of creating home again and again.
Let me lapse back into being a food blogger: The foods mentioned in the stories are either simple and acceptable (lamb stew with plums), kinda weird (chicken with orange cream sauce), or downright inedible (fish stew so slippery and horrific, it takes three swallows to get one mouthful down). So I probably wouldn't buy the cookbook, but I think it's clever of someone to have written it.
ISO – 400, Aperture – f/3.3, Shutter Speed – 30 seconds
Bangles.Harlequin green bangles.Aham always said they brought out the best in me.As if looking through the gleaming crystal loops,he could see the shades and faces of my identity unknown to all except him and derived an unearthly pleasure in the act.Like the drops and streamlets of stray water left on a grassy lawn after an october evening rain,the bangles melted and reformed in my mind to show all shapes and hues Aham saw as the aspects and alter-egos which made me who i was- pure,lively,radiant and serene.
Trying to make sense of the fight, a heavy load.
Arms: CLASSICALLY TRAINED
This one goes way down on the list of pilsners to buy if I see it again. Just off the mark, overly bitter with an underwhelming pils flavor.
Shadow Health Secretary Andrew Lansley said: 'When the appalling standards of care at Stafford Hospital were revealed we were assured by Labour ministers that it was "an isolated case". That sort of complacency is simply not good enough.
The screenwriters successfully brought the Predators back to their roots while giving the now-familiar set-up a fresh and unique twist. They also treat the audience to some very well-done action movie dialogue and battle scenes--which are brought to life with the aid of great camera work and editing, as well as excellent computer-generated monsters. The few bits of comic relief--mostly revolving around Topher Grace's character, who seems to be the only abductee who isn't a "human predator" but who's secret isn't as big a surprise as I suspect the filmmakers thought it would be--are well-timed and expertly delivered by the actors. They even managed to provide texture to the alien civilization, ensuring that hardcore fans of the series--who have been following all the spin-offs--will have a little something to enjoy, and newcomers might feel interested in checking out some of the comics and other movies.
One little problem I did have with this fig, was her tail, it fell off a number of times and didn't want to go in all the way, with her default torso anyway, with the extra one she comes with however, it fits and stays perfectly.
15. Cooking I: Bringing Back Bacon, Eggs and Butter
Agency to pay tuitions for two African-American students to attend Hyper Island
So I must sneak through under my own Invisibility cloak while he is otherwise engaged.
I read the other day that on average in 2011 over 41 million people were in employment in Germany. This is the largest figure since 1990. However, that’s the end of the good news. The Euro ended the year as the world’s worst performing major currency and even Germany now sports a huge Debt to GDP ratio and they need to recapitalize their banks.
- The best by far has been The Vampire Diaries. Maybe some would consider it a guilty pleasure and contrary to popular belief, I do not like ALL things vampire (for example I hated True Blood and the books they were based on and I have NO desire to see Dark Shadows) but Vampire Diaries has some great mythology and storylines mixed in with all the teen angst.
Hair care- Refers to overall maintenance of your hair: washing, moisturizing, cutting/trimming, styling, etc. There is some hair-rumor out there that says once you go natural, you don’t have to ‘care for your hair’. (Side eye) Since when don’t you have to care for anything that grows? Be it a child, an appetite, plants, etc. Even things that don’t grow, still require care (i.e. clothing, cars, appliances, etc.) Please, for the love of commonsense, say this aloud: I still have to care for my natural hair. (Woosah) You’d be surprised how many women actually believe this and what’s worse, practice it. Remember, just as you needed to care for your relaxed hair, you will also need to care for your natural tresses. If you’re not inclined to do your own hair, please Google a listing of natural hair salons in your area. You owe it to yourself and your hair!
Other than my knowledge of what can go wrong, of the statistics until a heartbeat can be seen, there is absolutely nothing even suggesting that this might not work. Not a single day of spotting; no cramping; no pains; nothing.
So maybe I get points for NOT returning to the bagpipes? Or maybe not…
Two years ago I was given two pink Oca (Oxalis tuberosa) tubers. I was told that they tasted like lemony potatoes and were quite good boiled, but my friend was more concerned with their pest resistance and yield than culinary applications. I had been given two tubers and planted them out in a small pot on the patio. Triffid like foliage ensued and died back in late summer. They are attractive, branching plants with trefoil like foliage and beautiful flowers if they reach stage, which unfortunately they didn't. I tipped out the pot in September to find a few handfuls of grape sized tubers, certainly nothing to be enthused about.
Costoluto Genovese , Bellstar, and SunSugar. These three varieties make up the bulk of my planting and besides eating out of hand, a blend of the three make for the a complex fruity sauce for the preserving pantry.
If this book were a movie it would likely be rated R for brief strong language, sexual content and some violence.
boiled eggs (de shelled) 2
Rather less approbationally, English paediatrician Donald Winnicott considered that erratic childhood care could lead to ‘the overgrowth of the mental function…we find mental functioning becoming a thing in itself, practically replacing the good mother and making her unnecessary.’ As a result, ‘Winnicott seemed to imply…the figure he calls ‘the intellectual’ is always retaliating, always backing a grudge’; and that ‘a compulsive preoccupation with intellectual knowledge is an attempt to mother the self exclusively with the mind…emotionally impoverishing.’ Something similar may be found in the character structure described by Bulgarian-French philosopher Julia Kristeva, whereby ‘symbolicity itself is cathected…Since it is not sex-oriented, it denies the question of sexual difference’; whilst Freud had long since indicated how in the obsessional ‘the thought-process itself becomes sexualized…The very high average of intellectual capacity among obsessional patients is probably also connected to this fact.’
While their focus sometimes slips a little, Vedaki creates something exotic, surprising and so seamlessly organic it sounds derived from an ancient tradition all its own; from some land where their Russian, Indian and West African ancestors forged a common musical language centuries ago. They say, "It was planted as an experiment; it stayed alive; it keeps giving its fruits."
Women and Death
Send good thoughts that Rod's appt. goes well tomorrow.
This week the BRH has been asked to increase his efforts. We have done long hacks, short hacks and Tuesday a little of arena jumping. I haven't made any jumps yet. The barn that we are at is strictly western pleasure and barrel racing. We fit in well. I scanned the barn and surrounding areas and found a few buckets and rails. I made a skinny...which is a new meaning of "skinny" and threw in the mounting block just for the heck of it.
We would be better served if we presented the specifics about our product line, no matter what we sell, at another buying level within the account. However, this is where “selling experience” comes in. We may be in a short introductory meeting with a high-level buyer and find out that this person really does want to talk about our line. I have found that this does not happen very often, but when it does, you can really make a strong connection with this buyer by continuing the conversation. Just remember that it doesn’t happen very often and selecting the right person for this conversation comes with experience and a bit of luck thrown in for good measure!
1) Name
The appearance of the natives of Dido at the end is a bit of a deus ex machina. There is no explanation of how they have survived. Still, if we were to see some more of them in this story, we would have needed another episode and I am not sure that was needed for a less consequential story like this.
Some facts that we got from The Center for Cancer and Blood Disorders in Weatherford.
- Grace Garden - a local darling Chinese food restaurant with authentic Chinese food, a non-English menu, the whole deal. Also outside the city in Odenton. Not necessarily a typical Baltimore/east coast kind of place but this restaurant is wonderful if you are in the mood for some great Chinese (good Chinese is a rare thing in/near Bmore- we're still not sure why). You will find hundreds of Chowhound posts about how great this place is and we concur! Get the fish noodles, the tea smoked duck (which you have to order 2 days in advance - so worth it!) and the at least one of the pork belly dishes. Read about our Christmas Eve meal at Grace Garden here.
Kicking off my week of festivities was a trip on the Underground to Liverpool Street and the quietly hidden away Liberty Lounge and Mark Thomson of Dramatic Whisky. Mark heads up the tasting with expertise in Scotch as well as being part of 5* establishments in both Scotland and London. A former contributor to CLASS magazine (as well as last years London Cocktail Week), his enthusiasm for the subject is immense! With the time of day being an unfortunate factor, the event turned into a more one-on-one masterclass. A quick talk about the Balvenie 24 and their interactive venture involving videos of the distillery, as well as nosing techniques, we then made our way to Boisdale whisky bar.
Normal-ish service has since resumed, in the last three months - sure I'm even writing again! Shhh - lets not jinx it :)
This could get really theological right about now.
THE BLACKHOPE ENIGMA was my first attempt at a novel and there aren’t any older manuscripts lurking around in a drawer. I had never, ever imagined writing a novel, though I had decided I wanted to write texts for picture books and illustrate them. I wrote several short texts that are hidden away, waiting to be looked at again someday, but I discovered I wanted to write longer stories with more complex ideas (and to illustrate them).
Clark later admitted the song was about drugs as well as the flight to London. A radio trade journal article decrying the song's drug connotations caused many American radio stations to take it off their playlist, which is probably why it reached only #14 on the Billboard "Hot 100." (It's astonishing to me that a song that was so radically experimental made it to #14. AM radio music in the 1960s was really, really good.)
An agent is definitely a great help in getting through the door of any publishing house and negotiating a good deal. Many publishers no longer view unsolicited manuscripts so, yes, I would certainly recommend having an agent!
Former Senator Rick Santorum has withdrawn his bid for the Republican presidential nomination. He is expected to give his support to his good friend, Noynoy Romney.
My thanks to a loyal reader from the USA who sent me the above picture, seemingly the owner of the house was forbidden by Nanny USA (his local homeowners association) from flying his own country's flag; therefore he took the appropriate action!
quirky personality. They have had me in a fit of giggles more often than not.
Just before my self-imposed exile from the beer blogosphere last year, a couple of old mates and I spent a weekend in Bamberg. It's a place I'd always been eager to visit; a place that I considered almost a spiritual heart of German brewing. As we'd moved in late 2010 to a place only a couple of hours train ride away from Bamberg, my fate was sealed. Bear in mind, this was nearly a year ago, so some things may have changed, but the breweries, oh, the breweries, well, I'm quite sure they'll be around for a while longer.
More than 1,000 people are on waiting lists for two of the church's three Queens affordable-housing residences for the elderly, Flake said.
Today ... it's gloomy and getting ready to snow, so I gave myself a bit of freedom in my crafting. No sketches to follow, colors or stamps to use, nothing but me, me, ME!
One fabulous thing about our new house? Our backyard! It's not huge, but it's level, shaded, and best of all, there is a cluster of about 6 pines that go in a somewhat circle - which makes for the perfect place for a treehouse!
The divide: While most consumers believe that “disability could happen to anyone at any time,” they think their own chances are only one or two in 100. Many advisors estimate those chances as high as one in 10. Both groups would be surprised to learn that the actual odds of missing work for an extended period of time due to a disability are as high as one in four during the average working career.
First, I must take a moment to thank Janet and her excellent blog for being such an inspiration to me. In the acknowledgments of my new Coffeehouse Mystery, Murder by Mocha, I gave a more official shout-out to Dying for Chocolate for sharing so much wonderful food for thought. Thanks again, Janet!
The only day that worked for them was also the day it was cloudy and rainy. However, I remembered how much I love taking photos on overcast days. You don't have to worry about any shadows on faces - the light is just really lovely. Plus how fun and romantic is a little rain and kisses under an umbrella? : )
I’m told that before my birth, my parents had never even heard of homeschooling, let alone unschooling. It was only when I was a toddler that my mother found out about homeschooling, and started getting interested in it as an option for our family. However, my father wasn’t as impressed with the idea, so when I reached the right age, I was shipped off to half day kindergarten. However, there were some problems: problems big enough to convince my father to try homeschooling, so just halfway through my very first year of school, my parents pulled me out, and that remains my only experience with formal, institutionalized education. My sister, Emilie, who’s a couple years younger than me, has never been to school.
You sure?
HFCS is finally getting the reputation it deserves, and although most processed foods and sodas still contain it, even companies like Kraft are now touting foods that are HFCS-free.
The LDS church has a long history of racism, and they conveniently deny knowing anything about it.
Roxy Music- Would You Believe
Doreene
Umno will never accept that they do not represent all Malays. Umno fears Malays with a mind of their own. The sedition law, the Internal Security Act and police reports are used against the very few Malays who dare criticise the government. Not because they are “a threat to national security” but because Umno’s existence is threatened.
Hot Cross Buns
“Brihaspati said :
When I first saw this necklace pop up online I knew I would be purchasing it. I love the colors! There's just something about a chunky necklace from Anthropologie that I cannot seem to resist lately! I tried this on with a few different colors and found it to be so flattering up against many of them, making this necklace super versatile. It can dress up an outfit or be worn casually as well. Perfect in every way. Love at first sight, and happy to have it in my collection.
Chances are your business has some confidential information, whether it is client records or minutes of sensitive meetings or the like. We’re sure you have policies that instruct staff and others on how to keep this information secure.
John Dewey distinguishes illuminatingly between content-value and form-value. Students in the throes of an existential curriculum must be made aware that their sentient teacher has not only a pedagogical methodology but also a moral stance. The behavioral medium is one in which the teacher projects confidence that the students have the capacity to take on and learn difficult concepts. In such an environment, the subject matter will have the optimal chance to traverse the distance from the teacher.
No zips or buttons.
I liked having new people come and visit the blog.
although I do have most of the basement painted.....I still have the stairwell to paint and the stairs another coat.....but today I'll be finishing the painting of the sliding glass door. I really want to put in a french door....but that can wait a little longer....just painting the wood sliding door has made a huge difference in the room....it no longer sticks out like a sore thumb.
4. Proverb Mix: “Beauty breaks the camel’s back.”
This is who I am: a 27-year old Norfolk native who comes from a family who has established its roots in the city of Norfolk. My grandfather on my mother’s side ran a very successful and well respected radiator business for over 50 years in Norfolk. My grandfather on my father’s side was quite involved in Norfolk politics and was the general manager of a well respected local department store. Interestingly he also made a run for city treasurer during the 70s, but lost to the incumbent. Ironically, my first job would be working for the city treasurer’s office from 2000-2002 as a seasonal temporary. I often wondered what Granddaddy would have thought of one Mayo making it into the Treasurer’s Office.
Nathan said the camera kept focusing on my bust or belly.
You can also easily share what you are reading on Facebook. You can either just share the title of the book and a comment or highlight a quote out of the book and share with a comment. Yes, this can help you show off your reading, but also think about the opportunities for sharing this with friends. Think of that book club you always wanted to get started but never had time for. You can now go on Facebook and have the discussion there. That way your friends won’t think you’re the only nerd on their friend list…
This month, I was assigned to Trisha's blog, My Hobbie Lobbie. She cooks a lot differently than I normally do, so it was great to have the chance to look over her recipes and find something unique and different to try!
To: Woodcock, Ray
ISBN: 9780425247594
But October only means to us
Charm and ribbon from my stash
It's been a loooooooooooong time. I've been lazy. But it appears I'll have some time on my hands in the next few days. So I've updated a lot of posts - just scroll down to read. I'll be adding more over the next few days I'm sure. It'll keep me sane since I'm not allowed out of bed and have tubes coming out of everywhere.
My therapist thought this was the result of positive thinking. I didn't tell him that it probably had more to do with me losing ten pounds in five days.
Rubber and Clear Stamps From your favorite companies.
"Who'll Love Dizzy Lizzy" is 90,000 words and is my first novel.
Story #1:
Or is there?
3. In person, points have to be addressed serially which can easily cause relevance issues as one tries to raise other points while an initial point is being discussed. Text debates allow full, point-by-point responses where discussions on multiple points can happen at the same time and the separation between these points made clear. Long explanations also do not need to be cut off in the middle for further explanations — the explanation can be read in full, and then clarified.
And last but not least: MYSTIQUE by my fabulous crit partner Shari Arnold. A book about resurrection. I loved it and I'm sure you will too!
I am one of three volunteers who moved sites during our first three months of service, mine being the most recent. Since moving to Khemisset, and with the help of my site mate Eric who has been here one year longer than I, I have met with a women’s association, youth association, worker’s association, and two youth centers in town. I was also briefly introduced to two high school English teachers who Eric says will probably want me to help in their classes overtime. I am also meeting with a female high school English teacher next week to discuss if I can start helping in her classes. Making these initial connections over the past month has been exciting with many possibilities for work. I am anxious to start getting more involved and feel March will be a big month for me.
Now, envision a rustic farmhouse that's been in the family for generations. Its walls covered in faded floral wallpaper, an old ladder-back chair with worn upholstery sits in the corner. The doors still have the old locks that use rusty skeleton keys. The daily regimen of a farmer's family...Sunday-church, Monday-wash, Tuesday-ironing... can you see it?
Ken worked with Davy Walklett in the Ukulele Orchestra of Great Britain on this.Read More About The Project here
There were a few times last year when we'd both be on our trainers in the living room watching tv and riding. For the past few months, though, Jason hasn't been able to ride his bike because of back issues and for reasons I'm not quite clear on my bike ended up on his trainer in the basement. I've just been using it without much thought.
I wouldn't change a thing, and there are so many things that I'm thankful for! First off, Jacob doesn't need to have surgery and recover over Christmas holidays!!! I was dreading this whole ordeal, and rightfully so. However, I don't think that Jacob's recovery is as bad as I thought it would be. Many aspects, like eating, drinking, not putting anything in his mouth and snuggling are going swimmingly for the most part. The one thing, perhaps the only thing that has us utterly exhausted and down right discouraged is night time! Jacob's sleep is causing us distress and our lack of sleep is about to make us crazy. I think that international terrorists should consider this as an effective form of torture!
Unable to breath just right
There have been many inspired to do more than just watch a DVD and sleep downtown for a night. However, that’s where we run into another problem. This summer, IC had a bunch of college students in northern Uganda wasting time and money. There were almost 30 people who were in Uganda this summer connected with IC and even more who were inspired to change the world and fly around it. That also sounds somewhat heart warming. Self centered American kids are flying around the world to change it. The catch is they don’t know what they are doing or where they are going. They are blindly making a problem worse by throwing thousands of dollars at something they don’t understand.
Addison quickly bit her, drinking the woman’s blood and feeling her strength return to her. Christian rubbed Addison’s shoulder as he held his arm around it, watching her feed.
This is my office. Here is Ziva. She likes the warmth from my desk lamp. I had to give her my felted laptop cover to sleep on. Previously she insisted on sleeping on my mouse mat....which made life a bit difficult.
18. Ride go-carts
--Hummers are awesome vehicles.
* Finding out information from an Encyclopedia
I wore my one and only complete Steampunk ensemble - The Key Maid. It's a costume that I am completely happy with and 100% pleased to wear. It also happens to be inordinately fun to wear as I simply adore my long blue curly wig. It's one that I bought a long time ago on ebay when I first started costuming. It has sat for so long in my wig box just waiting to be worn and last time I wore the key maid, I hunting for a wig to wear and decided that it would be perfect. Now it has pretty much become a staple part of my costume. I am however looking at putting together a new Steampunk costume or two but that certainly won't happen any time soon - what with my calendar booked up each weekend right into November. Add to that the couple of projects I have for my Christmas Parties and I won't really have much time to put together anything else new until my Christmas break. I can safely say that it looks set to be a busy time.
"What? You already have a piano, Ann."
Croissant: My mom says its vvvvv buttery and fragrant! So she loves it 'cos she's an ardent butter fan :) Have yet to ask my Dad abt choc croissant!
“I know that, but I saw this one somewhere else.”
We had two roosters. Now we have none.
This fab image is called Kitty and I love her! My little sister has a hoody similar to this one…tis white with cat ears and has paws that she can wear too! Definitely think this one is a good teenagers card or students…might keep it for my sis for later in the year!
RODRIGUEZ: In other countries there are limits to the numbers of the embryos a doctor can implant. Do you hope that a change in the lawas comes about because of your daughter’s case?
It comes up with the shocking statistic that “… fewer than three per cent children between the ages of two and 15 get the recommended 60 minutes of physical activity per day.”
We went to Guu Sakabar instead of the nearby Guu Izakaya just cause we were closer. I'd never been to either location but I kept hearing good things about Guu in general so I was really excited to eat here~ ^^
It was delicious, quick and easy to make and I can most definitely see it becoming a frequent flyer in our house!
Basically, I think I’ve spent the last 15 to 20 years being jaded about this picture presented to me as I grew up. At random times I would try to set out to prove my parents wrong: See! I can do what I love! I can become a struggling musician playing at dodgy pubs, trying to sing my pretty little acoustic ballads whilst truckloads of loud drunks tell me I sound like Jewel. Now that is fulfillment. I am a manifesting genius. I somehow managed to create experiences where no matter what I did, I always ended up feeling that life was hard, and I was its wounded suffering victim.
Congressman Paul?
I adore you.
Return for the sake of your servants,
One important influence is a personal recommendation from people whose judgement I trust. For example, my lovely friend Jane Smith suggested I read The Unlikely Pilgrimage of Harold Fry by Rachel Joyce. So I downloaded it immediately. To be honest, when I started to read it, I was a tad disappointed. It began like the most pedestrian of women's magazine fiction--but I needn't have worried. (It's like that for a reason, believe me.) The more I read, the more entranced I was and I could not put it down except to marvel. Harold and Maureen Fry live in net-curtained retirement in the West Country. Maureen has her household routine and Harold wears his cardigans and canvas boat shoes. mows the lawn and little else it would seem. One morning, out of the blue, a letter arrives from a woman with whom he used to work who, from a hospice in Berwick on Tweed, writes that she has terminal cancer. Harold feels he ought to reply out of politeness although he never knew her well and doesn't know why she has chosen to write to him. Maureen is resentful and unpleasant. But he writes his letter and sets out to post it at the nearest letter-box. Only he keeps walking...without any coat, food or money. He has left his mobile at home and he is wearing a pair of canvas shoes. He ends up walking to Berwick on Tweed.
HOW MUCH TIME DO YOU THINK YOU'LL HAVE FOR READING? Not enough. Never enough! As soon as I post this, I'm going to go stretch out on our sunny couch and read for a bit. But, one of my other sisters is here visiting with another one of my young nieces, and when everyone gets back from feed the llamas, I'll be putting my book away. Tomorrow and Sunday the kids will be at their' dad's house, so it'll be pretty quiet around here. I'm keeping my fingers crossed that no surprise disasters keep me reading and blogging to my heart's content!
For those individuals who may be hesitant to jump into gluten-free vegan cooking, rest assured: O'Brien provides an informative "About the Ingredients" section that discusses the types of gluten-free vegan items she uses for the recipes in the book. There are clear notes about "foods to avoid" for vegans and further clarification about what items gluten-sensitive or -intolerant consumers must also avoid. O'Brien also discusses flours and starches, other dry ingredients, sweeteners, nondairy milks, vegan cheeses, egg replacers, and fats in detail, highlighting both common and preferred ingredients within each category; they constitute a useful reference for seasoned vegan cooks, gluten-free cooks, and new cooks alike. I particularly enjoying reading the sections about cooking with wine, the importance of using organic and non-GMO products, and farmers' markets and food co-ops. They're details which I don't tend to acknowledge as readily as the items themselves, so mention of them serves as a much-appreciated nudge to be more mindful of my consumer practices.
Not all neighbors would make that offer,
Details of his conservation activities appeared regularly in regional and international media including CNN, CBS, BBC, Al Jazeera and Sky TV and featured in magazine's and journals such as Readers Digest, the Smithsonian, the Explorers Journal, Africa Geographic, Men's Journal, Shape magazine, Elle Magazine and others.
During the event, QVC will showcase special FNO programming with a live broadcast – “Fashion Night’s Out – Live from New York” at 9 p.m., featuring the debuts of WILDLIFE by Heidi Klum, Kris Jenner Kollection and CE by Cristina Ehrlich.
Or maybe not.
of 60 find younger, sexy
A Settlement
Returning to Gibbon, his treatise on the fall of Rome and the weaknesses of Christianity found its most ardent admirers among contemporary giants of the Anglo-Scottish-American Enlightenment like Adam Smith, Adam Ferguson, William Robertson, David Hume and Benjamin Franklin, and statesmen-philosophers like Horace Walpole (another Anglo quintifecta). It had a place of pride in the libraries of Thomas Jefferson, Thomas Carlyle, Winston Churchill and countless other heavyweights. But what’s significant about the names iterated above is that almost all of them had an estimated IQ of at least 150. That’s not just Charles Murray’s top 10%, but the top 0.09%.
Physician Helen Brown said: “The heart is constantly adapting as the body develops. The heart size and volume increase as the cardiac muscles undergo hypertrophy, the process where the heart gets stronger to cope with these changes.”
1085 ***D-X/4/1990. “Military Candor and the First Amendment.” (With Jamie Kalven.) Bicentennial College Community Forum. Sponsored by Oakton Community College and the Skokie Public Library, Skokie, Illinois. (Incorporated in Item C-1992(2), above, pp. 589-604, and in Item B-14 (Projected), above, Appendix 4-i.)
On a (very) high note, I have accepted a full-time job offer with Gilda's Club - a wonderful organization that works to provide support, resources, and programs to patients and family members dealing with cancer and/or grief. I'll be working primarily in special event fundraising - which is my favorite area of development - and I couldn't be more excited to be a part of such a wonderful organization with a great mission and community presence. It is humbling to be a part of such important work in the fight against Cancer.
About the Author: Molly Mulvaney is a sales associate at Bering's Hardware in Houston, TX. Bering's is well known for a broad range of carefully selected home goods such as kitchen products to grilling products and accessories, as well as fine crystal stemware. Molly enjoys spending time with her family and friends, attending graduate school, doing crossfit, being outside, watching movies, and eating sweets.
And even then
Thank you for stopping by
Of course, this does not sit well for the folks who think that Waldon Pond should be a model to re-build our nation around. Even Emerson figured out that “That dog don’t hunt.”
So M...
Over the centuries, Facts became such a prevalent part of most people's lives that Irish philosopher
she slices you. It’s rough
Heikki Kovalainen: “Barcelona’s a good circuit where the main challenge is to nail everything absolutely perfectly. If you make a half a tenth of a mistake it can cost you a grid position and it’s a race weekend where you have to focus on the details to give yourself the best chance of success. It’s a track with a lot of high-speed corners, some where you have to be really on it to save time, and you have to be pretty committed going into the braking zone in T1 as that’s where there is an overtaking chance. For the fans it’s often a pretty quiet race because it’s a tough circuit to overtake on, but that makes qualifying even more crucial and means you have to get the plan on Saturday absolutely right.”
Second, we get caught up in the "pursuit of perfection" instead of in the "pursuit of better." "Perfection" requires that we make no mistakes, that we have no bad moments, that we have no off days. "Better", however, allows for growth. It requires introspection. It enables us to live in the moment of each experience, unencumbered by expectation of our own performance, and to learn from that experience. It enables us to be connected to the changes that occur in our own lives and in the lives of our children.
And know you’re everywhere to me
Breakfast: Cereal & fruit
I especially like this ad's nod to the recently returned Winnipeg Jets by having that poor heartbroken little bastard wear their jersey. Jets fans are the most die-hard true blue fans in the league, that's a fact!
How far can a band come nowadays with that dusty and raw old school sound?
Mangalore Refinery and Petrochemicals Limited has submitted to the Exchange the Standalone Financial Results for the period ended September 30,2010.
A drive down Bedford Avenue towards SheepsHead Bay to get some clams or fried Calamari? - Are you kiddin me? Fugheddaboudit! Every Time I drive on Bedford Avenue my mind wanders to another time and place. The grip is strong on this Grasshopper. Bedford Avenue is Gil Hodges Way.
After one of many Isla Vista nights, I walked home in the silver glow of early morning. Amidst lonely seagulls’ cries and rolling red cups, I sat on the sidewalk and thought to three years before. I remembered dreaming of what I wanted to be: confident, focused, open-minded. My friends’ easy vitality felt just out of reach, and so I pursued perfection relentlessly.
THIS IS SPINAL TAP (Christopher Guest, Michael McKean, Harry Shearer, Rob Reiner)
Cut one end off the corncobs so they’ll stand up straight on the cutting board, and then run a paring knife down the ears, slicing off the kernels. Put the kernels in a large bowl.
Never forget all of the fun times that we shared these past four years. I hope there are many more to come. Good luck with everything you do and keep in touch over the summer. I’ll see you at the prom, Love, El
If there was one word for 2010, I'd have to say "Family". We had a big family wedding and got to see lots of cousins and reconnected after so many years. There really is a common bond that links us all together even if we are separated. There was a powerful moment this year when my cousins came over and mentioned it was my aunt's death anniversary. I had no idea and suggested we go to our local temple. We stood there in a temple in PA remembering my aunt - her daughter from Canada, her daughter and son from India with their spouses, and her sister (my mom) from NJ. All of us were drawn together that day.
3/4 cup mayonnaise
(Receiving large gifts of money, where the frequency and amount of the gifts always remains somewhat arbitrary, cannot teach this so effectively. No one can plan based on this type of income--which is why living on commission or tips is so hard--and a child especially will find this bewildering if we are asking them to budget.)
Dump contents onto a lightly floured counter. Split the dough in half and form into a nice smooth ball. Line a baking sheet with parchment paper and place each ball of dough on it. Take a sharp knife and score the tops of each mound with a criss cross.
Let’s start with where they work. The Bureau of Labor Statistics counts 22 job categories, ranging from building and grounds maintenance (which employes one in 30 working people) to office and administrative support (which employs one in six). In 2010, the category with the highest share of low-income workers by far — nearly 75%! — was food preparation and serving. That was followed by personal care, which also happens to be the fastest growing occupation in the next decade, according to BLS.
The CBA requires the developers to "use good faith efforts" to employ not less than 35% minority and 10% women construction workers, "of which 35% of each category shall have the status of journey level worker."
I have also received a message to say that the entire mailing list of Searchlight/UAF, containing names of policians, council staff, union representatives and members of the public have been posted on the same site as the British National Party's Role of Honour. https://secure.wikileaks.org/
Wolff MS, Woolard PM. Occupational and environmental exposures to the newborn. Stellman J (Ed.). Encyclopaedia of Occupational Safety and Health, ILO, Geneva, 1998; Volume 1: 9.1-9.30.
There are some days where you can remember where you were, what you were doing, no matter how much time passes.
11 Trouble Funk-Hey Fellas (Red Snapper Remix)
We've got a long history of receiving them
The commission said it was "critical" to assess job applicants' criminal records as the public service had to be accountable and transparent in its actions.
The nose is heavily zesty, lemon and big dominating elderflower. The malt is bordering on non existent, a dash of sweetness that is quickly battered down by a snap of bitterness and a long lingering lemon.
Happy Thoughts on Thursday,
Guided reading is going so well, and I am very proud of my students (your children!) and their reading abilities. I am sure you as parents are impressed with your children’s capabilities as well! Please praise them up, and let them know what a great job they are doing. Continue to read to them at bedtime as well, and model for them that shared reading experience, which is so vital to their appreciation and love for literature.
Those committed to the “non-existence” theory will need to read this formidable scholar’s counter argument while the more traditionally minded will enthusiastically support Ehrman’s definitive answer to the question. Perfect for the vigorous online debating community, this eBook original will be a must read for anyone interested in Jesus, the Bible, and the birth of Christianity.
Dark Shadows was thus an incredibly ambitious series and its creator, Dan Curtis, was wisely aware of what pieces of literature (all safely in public domain!) he could pilfer from to juice up the storyline. The show was indeed scary as fuck for its time, since it was done live on videotape and thus to monster-movie-fan kids like me, it had a “reality” that the old Universal b&w films didn’t have.
Investors are worried the crisis could hit Italy and Spain, forcing them to join Greece, Ireland and Portugal as bailout recipients.
TORONTO – Federal Finance Minister Jim Flaherty dropped the n-word last week and taxpayers across Canada should be glad he did.
Betsy Bird then introduced the all-star panel lineup: Louis Lowry, author of The Giver and Count the Numbers; Katherine Patterson, author of Bridge to Terabithia; Rebecca Stead, author of When They Reach Us; and R.L. Stine, author of the Goosebump series. Ms. Bird asked the panelists "If you could ask Madeline one question, what would it be?" One panelist replied "How do you write a book that affects children for the rest of their lives?"
Papa: I still can't reach it (stands on the step stool and reaches)
Some try to group these things into neat little packages like liberal and conservative. I’m not a fan of those labels, or of any labels really. I think most people are more complicated than our labels. I know that the world is.
Their first single "Lög Unga Fólksins" (which means "The Young peoples Song" in English), was released in April 2004. The group have had considerable success in their native Icelandic, achieving a total of 9 Number 1 singles to date, as well as two chart topping albums and a book entitled "100% Nylon", which instantly became a best seller.
bigger, more exciting, more 'sophisticated'.....
For my husband’s birthday the management gave him a delicious chocolate cake. What else could we ask for? We were later looking to celebrate his birthday at a nice Japanese restaurant and all the best reviews led to Imari Japanese restaurant which was on the second floor of our hotel. For his birthday, the chef brought a special dessert tray with delicious Japanese sweets.
Once again, the nation at the center of it all is Germany.
Tariq Amanullah, 40, Metuchen, N.J.
Louis Botha, once a close friend of Jack Hindon's wrote to him asking if he had been involved in the rebellion. At this point, it is necessary to say that Jack Hindon had grown from a recalcitrant teenager into an astute political adviser and a sought-after supporter by political pundits in South Africa.
The thing is, Bermuda has been to the adoption show at Petsmart twice now, and nobody has expressed interest in her. Maybe her shyness puts people off. All I know is, she's an adorable little doggy, housetrained, good with other dogs, good at walking on a leash, etc, who would be a great addition to someone's family!
A bit past midnight there was a magic show put on by Ty's teacher and mentor, Fish the Magish and his partner, the story teller Shava. It was a lovely show! Not long after that, Ty and I headed to bed, while those sleeping over continued to hang out long into the night/morning...
Meet Pru!
It is finally here! This Saturday, May 5th, we will host this year’s annual bocce ball tournament at the Turrentine Residence in Parker, Texas. Please join us for the tournament, a crawfish boil, BBQ, live music and raffles to benefit your favorite charity! The first roll begins at 2 PM and you and your partner can compete in the bracket style tournament for a chance to take home the 2012 champion title!
“North Carolina Doubles Tax Reviews of Large Families”
By N.D.C. Wansbutter, Esq.
“But God commendeth his love toward us in that while we were yet sinners, Christ died for us.”
I would like to enter my card into the following challenges.
2. Whiskey, Whiskey
15. The sun shone, having no alternative, on the nothing new. —Samuel Beckett, Murphy (1938)
Hear are the words of Mr. David Came regarding the case of a religious sister who suffered from severe case of Parkinson’s Disease and her temptation to doubt the goodness of God:
9. When the pastry has cooled, put it into the oven and cook for 15 minutes, then lift carefully out of the oven.
If this was really a peep into the future, I'm slightly reassured that I may be more or less behaving myself, even if I am with the fairies. And that I might have the odd cogent moment.
1/4 cup canola or vegetable oil
“Bam, bam, bam!” he remembered. “I scared the hell out of them, then just ran out the door.”
In the end, I was glad I had a try but won't be sad when they come up with a new recipe next year.
Oh, and I have to add this: Chris, go and start your own blog!!! We miss you in the blogosphere!
8:00 a.m. So tired. Need a nap. Fall asleep with my head between the deck rails.
I’ve tried to blog before and it didn’t last, probably because I was doing it for a reason that was not something that was in sync with what my heart knows that it wants to accomplish. So, I plugged away, and plugged away, and what do you know…it became a bore and a chore. This is going to be different. This blog is going to be all about me. The essential me, who I’ve just come to know at the age of 52 years old.
Yes. A bloke called...er...something sits in the office with a magnifying glass, a dictionary and a ruler and I don't let him go home until he finds at least one fuck-up on every single piece of work my agency produces.
It's a wonderful arrangement. Bacon and egg for breakfast. Both thought they can do well and corner the market.
I will tell you right up front, I am not a sew-er. I can sew buttons on things but that is it! So, a few years ago I took on the task to help my then Girl Scout troop sew a quilt for another leader.
The Bookmaker hmmm, So the quest begins …
Perhaps more dentists over 55 should be opening their mouths.
While the book sellers like to recount Rotella's lessons in how to make 'nduja, soppressata and how to steal a fig without committing a crime, Rotella's book is much more than a Tuscan sun travelogue. As Rotella grows to understand Calabria, he recounts bits of history, folklore and tales of humanity from the Calabrese that speak of sorrows mixed with joys. Pain and mirth co-exit side-by-side. Rotella recounts is beauties and its warts. There is generosity and slyness. (He even mentions the "M" word.) And there are figs and chestnuts and pasta and gelato.
“You can go anywhere in the United States and the word ‘Tiffany’ will be used synonymous with quality,” said Loring. “You’ll find the Tiffany Laundromat, the Tiffany lumber yard, everything Tiffany! And probably there’s a nice little baby girl born every minute in the United States named Tiffany.”
Interior designers need to gain a broad knowledge such as electrical capacity, safety, and construction. This broader range of required knowledge is what makes them different from interior decorators. Interior designers have to be able to work with contractors and clients alike, planning and implementing all aesthetic and functional decisions, from faucet handles to miles of carpeting —and all this usually must be done within a fixed budget. Interior designers are hired for their expertise in a variety of styles and approaches, not merely their design concepts.
We were standing at the meat counter, trying to decided what to get.
Apparently he doesn’t like Boeing Aircraft Company because his National Labor Relations Board is trying to stop the building of new assembly facilities in South Carolina despite the thousands of jobs and tax revenues that would generate.
Don't forget, we're on Facebook now! And we have updated graphics, thanks to Shauna L. If you have a button for us on your blog/site, please update it to the new one.
Part of the reason man and woman’s divinity is so debated is because many believe that we were created under the angels because of sloppy translation. For instance, in Psalms 8:4-5 which reads according to the King James Version of the Bible:
Now then let's spin the hands of the clock forward three decades or so and as the pages from the calendar whip past our heads we are in 1992 and here is the same issue again reprinted and as DC Thomson (canny Scots that they are - "och aye wuirrrrrrr nay fools ye ken") have hung onto their original Barr artwork they can now present you with an even sharper example of the painting via digital scanning, which in 1992 means DRUM scanning.
Grumpily, the human turned to the packs and started to dig around. It was getting pretty hard to see what all was in there, and she ahdn’t really paid attention to where everything was put when the packs were, well, packed. But it wouldn’t be tooo hard to find the food, she hoped. All they would need is a bit of that bread-like stuff and some of the cheese because that was way more parishable than some of the other things and it was best to eat it first. And some of the jerky too. That would really hit the spot.
55 will
I have a feeling Mary Shelley would be proud at being involved with such an allegory. It would make all the sense in the world to incorporate so many differing elements into a tale that, at its core, is about humanity.
they gaze out or peer in; their front and back yards; the sheds where
If this is how GOP writers and their standard-bearer plan on contesting the election, “Obama” won’t need to steal it; he’ll win cleanly in a cakewalk.
1. Durkheim, Emile (1893). The Division of Labor in Society, New York: Free Press. USA
The papers are from The Luxury Stack DCWV.. I also used a Magnolia Doohickey, some Spellbinders, Cheesecloth, Papermania ribbon, four heart-shaped gems from my stash and of course Copics to colour the image.. I added some highlights with the Inkssentials opaque pen and some dots around Tilda with white opal Liquid Pearls..
His smile grew larger with every mouse click
In the article, members of a local mosque offer to dispell ‘misconceptions’ about Islam in a single day session or over a few days, and the piece cites several ‘sterotypes’.
She preferred his company over people, and often used him as a shield to avoid interaction. New York was probably the last place one would expect her to want to go considering she was more a solitary being then most, but she had read that if she could make it there, she could make it anywhere.
I like to use pink grapefruits not for the skin so much, but for the ravishing color of the interiors. Choose large fruit with fleshy skin. The pink sections will make a lovely fruit salad, especially pretty if you stir in some scarlet pomegranate seeds or slices of kumquat.
Denise: One of the things I looked for in a publisher was the ability to have my books published in print and ebook. I love ebooks! They are terrific because of the quick access to any number of books in the blink of an eye and also the ability to carry hundreds of books with you without the bulk.
‘Mine?’
Check back on Wednesday and Friday for more samples from the ARTisans.
I have to thank the band Decadence – some of their feet shown above – for letting me jam with them and sparking my interest in Japanese rock music. Would never have thought it possible a few years back since I was so strictly classically trained and Western music-oriented.
Inflating the risks of something to scare a child out of doing it only works until he can see for himself that it is not as bad as we say. This might only make my child trust me less, and wonder what else I have been exaggerating about.
merguez sausage, capsicum, feta & baked egg – 16
Waking up this morning, mom was teaching my sister how to cook a spaghetti. I was craving for something sweet. Not particularly, an italian food. A cheesecake perhaps. Last Thursday, we had dropped by at Starbucks to go for a drink. We were looking for seats and found one at the edge of the shop which was a pretty good spot.
The ICD has been unable to find any case law precedent to Selebi's case. Senior Superintendent Strini Govender, spokesperson for the SAPS human resources division, said if a policeman was charged with intimidation the case would be investigated and passed on to the Directorate of Public Prosecutions for a decision on whether or not to prosecute.
Belonging/connection: We need to know we are a part of a community or group and that we have a place there. It is important to feel we belong.
It’s not news that the Amy Senser case has been under the microscope of simple negligence, poor judgment, and public crucifixion. At the unfortunate mercy of the media’s own trial on sensationalizing a local icon, they’ve managed to lose focus and momentum for the real victim: the Lao man who lost his life, 38 year-old Anousone Phanthavong.
- Ewe’s Dream (Pennsylvania, Sheep)
Jesus’ conversation with Nicodemus went to the very heart of the Mosaic law – how can one get right with God and enter God’s kingdom? Jesus’ answer was brief and startling: “Unless one is born anew, he cannot see God.” The new birth which Jesus spoke about was not a physical birth but the beginning of a spiritual birth which is something completely new and radical, and from above, namely from God himself. Jesus said that this rebirth was necessary if one was to enter God’s kingdom. Nicodemus thought that to be born again, even spiritually, was impossible. He probably knew too well from experience that anyone who wants to be changed, can’t change himself. Jesus explained that this change could only come about through the work and action of the Holy Spirit. This rebirth in the Spirit is very real and experiential, like the wind which can be felt and heard while it is visibly unseen to the naked eye.
While Watt shares candidly the heartbreak that life can throw at you, the death of her first child, her own battle with cancer. Tragic stories told with no self-pity just an honest and open sharing of living through moments of intense sadness.
Things Titus is up to at 1 year old:
Campus Life
She also toured regularly with the big bands of Freddy Martin, Frankie Carle and Bob Crosby and sang in cabarets, in auditoriums and with the St. Louis Symphony. With Rosemary Clooney, Helen O’Connell and Rose Marie, she crossed the country in a revue called “4 Girls 4.”
Garantie: op items uit deze sale zit geen garantie en kunnen ook niet worden geretourneerd
It was recorded pretty much live, everyone in the same room except for vocal overdubs. Went straight to tape too. We recorded the whole thing over two days!
Will Maurer – Vocals/Guitar
I was shocked! I was really thinking another little boy. Tim of course had to brag that he has been able to guess all 4 of the kids correctly. Nonetheless though we are ecstatic, and I cannot wait for Taylor to have a sister. I could not think of a better way to complete our family. 2 boys and 2 girl. Perfect!
He scares Michelle half to death, then asks her(with a terrible stutter, just like his character in One Flew Over the Cuckoo's Nest) if she ran out of gas. No Numbnuts, she's there because she wants a booty call. While filling her tank, he glances into the backseat of her car, and looks pretty damned upset. He runs back into the gas station, disappears for a moment, then rushes back out again. He tells Michelle that the credit card company is on the phone, and that they want to talk to her.
“No importa! Doesn’t matter,” interjected my husband, who had by this time put the car in park and stepped out.
In exchange for some unused Golden Giveaway codes and Astros Sam sent me 32 Kimball minis from series one and two. Now I just need to knock out the ones from Update.
#1 The Mystery
My husband glanced at my easel during the initial drawing and said: “I thought you’d decided to do a less detailed piece this time.”
P: If you could have any animal as a pet, what would you pick?
Roasted Garlic Bulbs – Im a garlic lover so this was right up my alley
Unconditional love
against me.
Howdy doody, my sweet friends!! I'm back from vacay ...my hubby and I were hanging out on a week-long "Smooth Jazz" Caribbean Cruise!! And let me just say, a fun time was had by all! hehe!! So...I'm baaack on solid ground...relaxed and rejuvinated...and thrilled to be back in my craftroom coloring! (I soooo missed my Copics! LOL!) Now...let's get down to business...it's time for another fun challenge at Mo's DP2 Challenge Blog. The DT has decided to go with another fun theme for this week's challenge,,,
Tonight’s abs. Pray for me.
a. Of what persuasion our lips are
61. Tao prefer having cats over other animals. And reportedly he takes care of a black cat.
wishing she could
After that, there were about a dozen half-finished novels, which are bulging out of my file cabinets. In 2005, I was finally sufficiently disgusted with myself to actually finish a novel. I'll never forget the day I printed out the entire Self-fulfilling Prophecy manuscript. It was like giving birth. The very first one I ever finished. Though that one was never accepted for publication, it will always be special to me.
Brandon was a year older than me and therefore acquired his driver's license a full 15 months before I did. This fact was both a curse and a blessing. Having a buddy with wheels was cool except our plans often got derailed by his mother. Who would invariable call just as we were leaving his house to say she needed us to bring her a pack of Virgina Slims to THE MULE BARN, CATTLEMAN"S, or whatever dive bar she happened to be in at the time.
Weimer advanced into second place on Lap 6, while JGRMX/Toyota/Yamaha Davi Millsaps secured third place and set his sights on Weimer. Weimer and Millsaps mixed it up on Lap 7, trading places for second place with Weimer holding the position. Millsaps finally made the pass on Weimer on Lap 10 and rode to a second place finish. Dungey won with an 8 second margin of victory and Team Honda Muscle Milk’s Justin Brayton, of Fort Dodge, Iowa, finished third.
Polluting the Immediate Environment
The appeal, coordinated by the well-known name (in the world of software patents at least) of Beresford & Co., relates to the UK-IPO's practice, following their interpretation of Aerotel/Macrossan (see previous IPKat posts here, here, here or here), of refusing claims directed to computer program products, even when such claims refer to claimed methods that are otherwise seen to be allowable. The four patent applications in question had method claims that were all deemed to be allowable, but were refused solely on the grounds of having computer program product claims.
also--am i alone out here in my second guessing?
"There is that," Jessica admitted with a giggle. "But you've got to admit he is kind of cute."
For me being an indie is about freedom. It’s about writing the books you want, no, the books you *have* to write, and then being free to put them out in the world. They can be genre books or the most obscure experimentation, but the point is you didn’t put them there to make money, you did it because it mattered to do it your way, and to find your own readers, and get to know them and interact, and be less faceless than a regular author. Being indie is about individuality and community all rolled into one.
This is the topic that originally prompted me to expound on some general ideas about how Biblical literalism tends to go, and some of the problems with it. I’m not going to bring any pesky “evidence” or inconvenient “facts” into things here. I just have an observation about the way people often attempt to reconcile the stuff that contradicts the other stuff.
The second tool was Drilling down. After getting an insight into an overall picture, it is important to focus and break them down into individual components to make set/ subset of tasks establishing ones relation to another. The third one was risk analysis. with Impact ( not finishing a phd from 0-inf) and likelihood taking up the x and y axis, this tool comes handy to understand the risk associated with specific situations and the impact they would have on the task (PhD). This tool could be extremely useful for someone who worries a lot for small things, the significance of the problem in hand can be easily measured with this tool. The last tool was the boring Gantt chart, even as a planning lover my appreciation for this chart is little than less. I see this as a tool that is tightly tied to space and time, that is the gantt chart is true and right only for the given moment of time and almost becomes obsolete as time ticks away.
1 He Likes Road Runner Best (sonnet treating Merrie Melodies, my son, Afghanistan)
I used to keep a message board- back before I really knew much about blogging and bloggers and Facebook and social media. My intention was to keep in touch with friends and family in one central location as Jeff and I went through pregnancy and parenthood. I was already very familiar with message boards and participated on several so it was an easy thing to do. It was basically a journal and focused on what we were doing at that point in time. I have no way of taking that Proboard and saving it so I am working on copying and pasting the "important" posts to this blog. I started blogging in Sept of 2008 but my dates in the sidebar now go back into 2007.
Betty MacDonald would love both of them very, very much.
There are only two activities: love and fear.
Indeed, the crowd size of 250,000 to 300,000 makes Bersih 3.0 the largest ever people’s assembly in Malaysian history.
THANKS to a resourceful colleague, Marimartha Clark, she sent me this summary from CNN:
It makes the other 5 times of getting, “I just couldn't get into it.” Worth it.
The kids loved playing together, and I think they just followed each other all over the place. Tucker LOVED swinging in the back yard, and since it was close to the 70's almost the whole time we were there, he got to do this a lot!
Boots Step 2
A STEAL of a deal (or at least that's what I tell Michael) at $375,000!
Papa looked at her. “Saw his chance, I guess.”
Pasadena City College has saved 40 percent on gas usage by “nano-wrapping” its main gas line. It has also reduced water consumption by more than 28 percent by installing ultra-low flow urinals, changes in landscaping with a highly efficient irrigation system.
Their main function is to provide their masters (the ANC government) with intelligence on domestic threats or potential threats to national stability, but on occasion they have no choice but to follow orders from foreign agencies. The recent arrest of a wealthy businessman on terrorism charges, after allegedly threatening to attack Britain and America with biological weapons, is a perfect example of cooperation between various agencies.
EC has a lot to answer for
Given far less attention was Powell’s disingenuous response to Bob Schieffer’s question about the ex-Secretary of State’s knowledge regarding “enhanced interrogation techniques,” which the International Committee of the Red Cross and virtually all other objective observers say constituted torture.
In happier news, the first chick hatch of the year is here. After waiting and waiting for a broody, I finally gave in and set some eggs in the incubator, all from my blue marans crowd.
Here is a little back story for your reading entertainment....
Ed Thigpen – Drums
After Derek had left, the first priority was to finish my nap, so I had a good snooze and woke up feeling refreshed. I was just about to fix myself a snack when another knock came on the door. This time it was Sally, who invited herself in for a chat.
Are the “Hidden things being made manifest”? I held Voice of the Martyrs in such high regard, focusing on the help that was being given to suffering and persecuted Christians, and remembering the godly man, Richard Wurmbrand, the founder, I couldn’t imagine there could be anything amiss in this ministry. But since the recent tragic event of Tom White’s apparent suicide in the wake of allegations of the sexual molestation of a 10 yr old girl, many things previously hidden in plain view are coming to light. I have a strange feeling there is more to come in this case………..
Most of us have had financial struggles, worked jobs we weren’t proud of (maybe even embarrassed of), been through at least one really horrible breakup, worked through self-esteem troubles, etc. Yet we compare and compare and compare and forget the truth: at the end of the day, we are all flawed, we are all imperfect, we all have ghosts in our closet or regrets that became lessons.
A voice is being formed. Now you have this voice of empowering, encouraging, speaking forgiveness, praise & worship is your heartbeat, and prayer is the oxygen your lungs breathe in. Faith is your limbs taking you to the path of righteousness. Moving about with courage and grace. No matter the storm you will strive in the word of God and be delivered of your sins and serve the Holy One!
Perhaps this movie I found will educate you.
And protect us from bad stuff like peer pressure and laziness,
I decided to take a stroll through the cemetery to see where he was buried. Along the way I came to a hearse and stopped the driver and asked who had died by deaths curse?
Father and son wander across a burned Earth where nothing grows and all animal life has died. The few survivors stumble through the wasteland looking for whatever they can eat, including each other. The book is brilliant but as bleak as a rain-swept Yorkshire moor in winter and more depressing than a boxful of dying puppies.
At no time in my life have I felt competent when it comes to athletics. Most of the time it seems like everyone is better than I am at things requiring athletic ability. Good grief, I’ve never known how to run. I’ve never been able to do something as basic as run, with my gimpy old foot. So any three year old who can run down the driveway has me beat.
The black haired man, whose name happens to have been Allen Wainsilver, a disagreeable and unlucky wretch since youth, looked upward, and with an unworldly anguished, almost plaintive cry, fell to the ground as though smote by some great invisible hammer.
of this new month.
I am pleasantly surprised that OG is into it; after all, these are from my generation, and some, though not all, look pretty dated. And, I am also surprised at the effect they appear to be having on her. For one thing, she's amazingly well-versed in the multiplication tables for a first grader, in that she knows, well, A LOT of them. (She counted by 12's for me perfectly yesterday, all the way to 136. I swear, you would think she is some brilliant math savant if you just struck up a conversation with her, but it's really just that she knows the songs backwards and forwards!) She and I had a long conversation today about bills and laws, and she and The Man were talking yesterday about the American Revolution.
If anything Paramount would become even more associated with comedy in the Forties and even into the Fifties. In fact, perhaps the most famous comedies released by Paramount were those starring Bob Hope. Mr. Hope would make his feature film debut in The Big Broadcast of 1938 (1938). He became a major comedy star with The Cat & the Canary in 1939. By far Bob Hope's most famous comedies were those in which he appeared with friend, partner, and fellow Paramount star, Bing Crosby--the "Road to..." pictures. All of the "Road to..." movies except for the final one (Road to Hong Kong in 1962, released through United Artists) were released through Paramount. Mr. Hope's movies would all be released through Paramount through to Beau James in 1957.
Twitter is the ultimate RSS feed. Rather than visiting ten different websites to read ten different writer’s stories, you can simply subscribe to each writer’s twitter account and have their content sent to your twitter feed.
I read the first of Carey’s Castor books a while back. Titled THE DEVIL YOU KNOW, you can read my review HERE. I enjoyed the read and found it a fair bit bleaker and spookier than your average urban fantasy, and then I noticed something special. After I finished it, I went hunting for the second book in the series. Sadly, book stores in Canada are notorious for not stocking even British author’s well (unless they are J.K. Rowling), which is a separate rant which I’ve mentioned often, and I could not easily find it.
As bad as that picture is, most doublers look worse. Most don't have copper on the outside. Most look about the same as any of the other tanks that are everywhere in a distillery.
you spray
At the other end of the spectrum, socialite Tinsley Mortimer also has a new book out, a novel titled “Southern Charm.”
I know I have made progress, even if it doesn’t feel like it sometimes. I no longer shift in such extremes as I used to. I haven’t acted out in six months. I haven’t gotten seriously depressed in a long time either. And I’m not talking about suicidal urges that accompanies pain. That is different, and only last as long as the pain feels overwhelming. So perhaps all I need is couple’s counseling, which is something T might be able to do. And not as often as my current therapy schedule.
2. I'm overwhelmed. It's hard enough making time to exercise with everything in my life, much less blog about it. Something has to give (actually a lot of things) and since I'm not enjoying writing this blog, it needs to be the first to go.
Earlier this week, in answer to a comment from a journalist that he was looking tired, Mr Livingstone insisted that he had lost a stone during his campaign against Tory incumbent Boris Johnson, and his doctor was pleased he was ‘so fit’. He said: ‘I’ve been having an annual medical for about ten years. This is the best it has ever been.’
The morning did me in. I awoke to sunlight streaming in my windows. I looked at the bedside clock (on my hubby's side of course). 7:54! I couldn't believe it. I never sleep past 7:00. As if to confirm the time, D-boy waltzed into my room and snuggled in beside me. He was followed quickly by two very hungry cats, looking for their breakfast. My sweet hubby called five minutes later to be sure I was up. He knows me well.
And maybe someday I'll convince my husband to move us near the beach. One can only dream.
And again, PLEASE accept my apology for my lack of visits over the past few weeks. I hope to soon have more time to visit all of you to see what you have been up to.....
My week seemed to fly by! I feel like since moving the weeks seem to pass with the blink of an eye! I guess that means I am just enjoying my life and the city! They say time flies when your having fun !
The best athlete on the team is definitely not the owner.
Retta Fox of Foxy's Weblog was inspired by the same windows featured above, and created this wonderful altered canvas for us to enjoy! Be sure to click to enlarge the image to see the wonderful detail. I love the way the window panes have been colored, it really looks like light is pouring through! The canvas and windows were painted with watercolor crayons, after the windows were stamped with Jet Black Archival ink. The characters were stamped and colored separately and glued on.
Huge thanks to everyone who entered!! I will have a new giveaway soon for a preorder of one of my favourite reads of the year so far, Invincible Summer by Hannah Moskowitz, in a week or so, if you didn't win this time, maybe you'll be lucky then!
-Thomas Jefferson, 3rd President of the United States and principle author of the Declaration of Independence
Her wonderful picture books are loved by children and parents all over the world. Her rhythmic and rhyming stories continue to delight time after time.
The actions of Woolas triggered a new New Labour strategy which sought to encourage columns and online blogs written by aggressive secularists and so-called progressives to make Islam-bashing trendy. It was a poison which began creeping in to newspaper and magazine columns as well.
Goose Island Matilda
You might want to consider the following: -
I mean, I am a fan after all. And I really don't have enough black and/or charcoal gray t-shirts. Plus, my birthday is the winter solstice this year!!! The old gods of the North are trying to tell me something, and I believe that something is to con my friends into buying me a t-shirt.
The reason was that we live in Gujarat, one of the few states in our country that’s power surplus. That means we very rarely face a power failure. As a result, my daughter, ever since she was a little girl has been afraid of power failures (Power failures and not necessarily the dark as she sleeps with all lights turned off). As she grew older she would try to put up a brave face whenever such a situation arose but I knew the fear was there as she would hover around me, touch me on some pretext or the other.
Even if the look on my face hadn't given me away, (y'know that look, like a rabbit caught in headlights wouldn't be too far away from reality!) my body language sure would have!
12 oz. semi sweet chocolate chips
On Sunday, Easter, my pastor Dennis D’Augostine noted that “Peter ran to the tomb.” There was a photo on the powerpoint presentation of Peter, presumably running to the tomb. Dennis observed, that for Peter, the one who got out of the boat to walk on water, the one who confessed that Jesus was the Christ, the one on whom (depending on your interpretation) Christ would build His church, the one who denied that he even knew Jesus, Jesus’ Resurrection meant everything. If Jesus was dead, then Peter had wasted his whole life. Don’t forget that he gave up everything to follow Jesus. It wasn’t merely three years. It was everything. He staked his career, his reputation, his faith, his hopes, and his dreams on this Jesus. His passion for Jesus, although misguided, was more evident in Peter than any of the other Apostles, at least according to the Gospel accounts. So, why wouldn’t he run, all out sprint to the tomb? He had to see for himself if life as he knew it was over, or if it had just begun. And that’s where the empty tomb put Peter. If Jesus’ body was still there, then Peter was still lost and broken. If the tomb was empty, then Peter had hope; hope that Jesus really was the Messiah, hope that he could be reconciled after denying him. The hope that was offered to Peter by the empty tomb is the same hope that is offered to each and every one of us. Why are we not running to the tomb?
In the midst of the winter of 1595-96, Shakespeare visualized an ideal summer, and he composed A Midsummer Night’s Dream, probably on commission for a noble marriage, where first it played…Nothing by Shakespeare before A Midsummer Night’s Dream is its equal, and in some respects nothing by him afterward surpasses it. It is his first undoubted masterpiece, without flaw, and one of his dozen of so plays of overwhelming originality and power. Unfortunately, every production of it that I have been able to attend has been a brutal disaster, with the exception of Peter Hall’s motion picture of 1968, happily available on videotape. Only The Tempest is as much distorted in recent stagings as A Midsummer Night’s Dream has been and is most likely to go on being. The worst I recall are Peter Brook’s (1970) and Alvin Epstein’s (a Yale hilarity of 1975), but I cannot be the only lover of the play who rejects the prevailing notion that sexual violence and bestiality are at the center of this humane and wise drama.
Some rousing organ from a man in the early stages of attempting to look like Roy Wood shepherds in Harley in a red suit, casually leaning on the mike stand before launching into a full set of studied interpretative gestures, never losing eye contact with the camera. So the director decides to test him on that with three sudden and unrepeated wipes to other angles. He nearly misses the first, immediately catches the second and decides not to bother with the third, intenion of staring into your very soul denied. The latest of several things we haven't seen for a while to turn up this week is the punctuative intercut shot of some lights rotating. Unusually, it's the lights rather than the lens that are rotating, though you have to say the studio could do with jazzing up in that respect, it's either moody spotlighting or full-on. As we enter the final stages the guitarist, who looks a bit like Art Garfunkel, comes over to have an arm draped round them Mick Ronson-style, except the effect this time is somewhat different and, had Boy George seen this one instead, might well have turned him straight. "Some lovely guitar work in that as well" Stewpot offers before somewhat ungrammatically suggesting "before you can say Cockney Rebel that'll be up in the charts, I'm sure". It peaked at 41, outside the countdown range. Ah, the TOTP presenter kiss of death.
I remember this one time when NASCAR messed up denied their fault. It’s happened twice already this year. The second “oops” happened at Richmond this past Saturday evening. With 82 laps remaining, Tony Stewart and Carl Edwards were lined up one and two. Or was it two and one? Carl was under the impression he was the leader since a racing official told his spotter before the restart, “99′s the leader.”
What I soon shall seem to his love, you guess:
Skype with cousins and friends near and far
Two days ago the sun beamed down and my only desire was to go into that evening sun and bathe in it. I started to do the Tai Chi form, self conscious that I was being watched at first. When I had finished I started again, from the beginning, but found that I was still forcing the movements, whilst continuing to be aware that I was in clear view of neighbours. Each time I finished, I found the sun permeating my skin, willing me onwards, and I would begin again. After several attempts the form became unforced and I lost myself completely within the motions, losing all sense of where I was. The flow consumed me, chanelling through me, a feeling that became overwhelming.
After a couple of sampler glasses, my palate could barely distinguish anything. Walking Man alone had a strong pale ale, two IPAs and an imperial IPA on tap. My taste buds were beaten into submission.
First and foremost, I want to thank all my 250 followers for still following this blog after my long period of inactivity of almost 4 months I really appreciate your support and your comments.
I don't need another place, to mouth the same old platitudes; Everybody knows that it's not real.
Pour mille francs par mois livrant l'eucharistie,
Breast augmentation which may also be referred to as breast enlargement is the fixing of an implant into a bust to let it seem larger than its original size. The surgical procedure is needed for beauty reasons for both sexes. It can be used for health reasons. There’re two several types of breast implants obtainable for a breast enlargement. The Saline engraft additionally referred to as the salt water breast engraft was introduced a lot earlier and has been in use so long as breast augmentation was in operation. The 2nd kind of breast implant is the silicone breast implant. The silicone breast implant was introduced into the medical world sometimes in the Nineteen Eighties and has had arguments since its introduction.
Here is a lovely photo of me (if I were a red headed baby with eye problems):
They only hit until you cry
Anyone is welcome to post or comment!
For now I know we need to have huevos rancheros for breakfast, try out pizza with blue corn dough, and indulge in some sopapillas and indian fry bread. That's all we have at the moment.
Yeast, dry (1 envelope) = 2 1/4 tsps yeast
As I had my devotion, I prayed the rains would pour heavily (‘abi’ you catch) but not too heavy to render others homeless. If my little cousins heard this prayer of mine, they would have ganged up on and eventually beat me (individually I can beat them but if they join forces, am sure it would be a different story. Please don’t ask for a recount of such experience, I don’t intend to share it) because today is OUR DAY. Yes! Our Day! Do you remember those days (am sure someone reading this would say his/her school was too international for such things. Too bad, you missed then)? I could hear them sing “rain rain go away, go and come another day, little children want to go to Our Day, rain rain go away”. Their song sent me down my childhood memory lane. How I looked forward to Our Day while in the basic school. The only thing that marred Our Day in my school was the fact that cooked meals were not allowed to be brought from homes (whether it was for our parents’ good or for the school’s benefit as the school canteen provided it I would never know).
What, exactly, was it?
My second creation is all about flowers....one of my most FAVORITE parts of spring! ...I mean, there's pink all over the place! Who wouldn't love flowers?! :) In this one, students used their butterfly ruler to measure the height of the flowers in the garden.
Fer-guh-son mono -45
book stack
I’ll show you his influence – in just two foreign words.
I find a stone building with steps going down to where's there's a stone box and a candle, which surely is a crypt. Unfortunately, Livingstone only gives me the options of leaving, or lighting the candle, despite the fact I can already see there's a goddamn coffin.
Dan said although after three days of constant campaigning the tiredness is setting in, ‘we will just have to disregard this because we are speaking with sympathetic, influential Westerners in the Flemish city of Antwerp next to talk to them about the Afrikaner’s precarious position in the land of his birth.’ http://roodt.org/?p=254
The other thing I'm loving right now? Hot Chelle Rae. I went on Wikipedia and was surprised to learn they've been around since '05. See? I'm way behind. Anyway, love the feel-good pop sound they have going on, love their whole album, and I especially love this song:
Seriously, this took me about 3 minutes to clear away the clutter, put things where they actually belonged and tidied up what needed to stay. Don't judge me on that little container on the left-hand side. I haven't gotten any taller, so I still need to be able to reach in and grab, okay?
Next, take your large piece of cardstock, centre your ribbon and adhere like shown in the photo above. I use scotch tape for sticking ribbon as it is easily removed if you stick it in the wrong place!
My free day is over, off to sleep.
I view unconscious inaction as an affliction.
A further P. Oxy. text from volume 63 has more to say on this topic in its narrative of the lion hunt and the kataphytosis which followed:
Service was polished but completely unstuffy – the host of smiling waiters that looked after us were warm, amiable and knowledgeable. As was Nicolas, whose attentiveness puts the sommelier at Arzak to shame (the latter’s contribution to our meal was so negligible I failed to even mention him in the review). An unforgettable meal with consistently excellent dishes that were restrained, refined and clever in both taste and concept. It’s a great reminder that when it comes to good produce, there really is no need to gild the lily. Mugaritz easily ranks amongst the best restaurants we’ve ever dined at and I hope to return very soon.
You were born, but you do not exist.
This beer has a lot of heft to it. It comes out of the bottle like oil, very thick and surprisingly opaque (though about the expected hue of brown). It's not that the beer is murky, just that the malt parts per million are a lot higher than in an average beer. The head is dense and creamy, and managed to stick around despite the nearly 10% of alcohol trying to burn it off from below. The nose is roasty and warm.
To give you some perspective of the expansion folly, let’s consider this:
He found one of the corners and took a step back while keeping his left shoulder against the wall. He tossed the rock both up and forward, hearing a very quick double thump, followed by a thump at his feet. He retrieved the rock, took a step to the right, and tossed again up and forward. Sometimes it was the double-thump floor thing. Sometimes it was a single thump. He computed this to mean that some of the tosses would land right in the corner, making only one thump, before then landing downward for a single thump. He stepped, tossed, and retrieved without variation along two walls. In the middle of the third wall, there was a toss with a regular first single thump, but then a very tiny second thump without the rock dropping to the ground. Somewhere up there was a space in which the rock had stayed.
b) 120
Fredric Wertham
I flung the drumsticks around wildly hitting anything and everything within 10 feet of me. I looked like a total spaz. I think Austin fell off my bed laughing at me. Thankfully, Jackson and Savannah were too busy playing guitar and singing to notice my total idiotness (yes, it's a word).
OUT OF STOCK
Can't I come up with just one more smile?
James B. Duke came from a rural family in the tobacco country of North Carolina. In his early life he would have known men such as my grandfather. But after he began his rise as an industrialist, the life of a small tobacco grower would have been to him a negligible detail incidental to an opportunity for large profits. In the minds of the “captains of industry,” then and now, the people of the land economies have been reduced to statistical numerals. Power deals “efficiently” with quantities that affection cannot recognize.
To understand this one must go back to the 1990s, when Mugabe sent Zimbabwean troops to intervene in civil wars in the Congo. In these foreign military adventures he resembles Tony Blair and George Bush, whom he professes to dislike. In reality, they are birds of a feather.
What I have to do to get through.
Farrah Gray Publishing: This tale of a publisher that tried to force a pair of authors to pay more than $100,000 in marketing fees after the contract was signed illustrates a hard truth of publishing: even with every possible precaution, what looks like a duck will sometimes turn out to be a turkey.
I love making chocolate chip cookies. My dad showed me how to do it when I was young and I’ve been making them ever since. Sometimes I use Alton Brown’s recipe, sometimes I do my own variation but today I decided to make the only chocolate chip cookies you’ll ever need to know how to make.
The love she exhibits toward her two younger brothers is especially poignant. Sure, she can be rough-around-the-edges, but the depth of her sisterly affection is unquestionable. “I’d be lost without the weight of you two on my back,” she tells them, and we know she means every word of it.
If she is going out, she always looks perfectly dressed.
How long did it take you to say “yes” to Christ? Or is He still working on you? You have heard the good news and it is now up to you. Will you be ready when your life here ends? Remember the words of 2 Corinthians 6:2; “Behold now is the accepted time, now is the day of salvation.”
His hand went right through air and though I could feel his strong grasp, there was no hand to cling to in return.
around 1980.
To see what time has done.
There is a real possibility that we could have news of an agreement quite soon. There is also the real possibility that it could drag on for months. I would quibble with Sandro Magister's "last call to the sheepfold" headline. For one thing, in the Catholic Church there is no last call to the sheepfold this side of death. If this attempt fails, there are sure to be further initiatives from Rome in the future.
o Build on their strengths
The idea is that when a cyber-attack has been initially detected, traffic inbound to the network is slowed down, including the malware payload, while an algorithm sends “hyper-speed” signals ahead of the incoming packets of data in order to mobilise network defences. The malware bullets are slowed down, as the network Neo attempts to dodge them.
But then Maureen Johnson is also not lying about the fact that GIRLS are expected to sit around reading about boring dudes all the time. So, why can't the boring dudes handle a bit of shopping on occasion?
I'm the snake. According to Wikipedia I'm a "Deep thinker, wise, mystic, graceful, soft-spoken, sensual, creative, prudent, shrewd, elegant, cautious, responsible, calm, strong, constant, and purposeful. Can be a loner, bad communicator, possessive, hedonistic, self-doubting, distrustful, mendacious, suffocating, and cold." I'd only argue against the last one really.
The other variables in this release are bourbon recipe (rye or wheat) and grain size. By 'grain size' they don't mean the size of the cereal grains used in the mash, they mean the density of the barrel's wood grain. For this variable there are three possibilities: fine, average, and coarse.
I’ve never wronged you, you said,
So Boyfriend and I are in the car the other day, on our way to a shopping centre(I said it all fancy and shit ya like that? Wtf is a centre anyway? Why is it so much better then a CENTER? WHY?)
The Dutchman - Juha Uusitalo
But it’s not a dumbed-down guitar. Most good guitarists are shitty bass players because they try to play it like a guitar. WRONG. It occupies a different space. You are doing a lot more than sketching out the chords.
Bake for 20-25 minutes until chicken has cooked through and sauce is bubbly.
I thought I wouldn’t be able to finish this post today, but YAY! for me now that I do : D. I have lots of things I want to write about. In this sense, it’s a good thing that I’m still on my summer vacation.
George got married in Barkerville to Maria Neate (ne Halley) who was born 21 May 1849 in Dublin and had been married to William Collyer Neate, an Oregon pharmacist. Anecdotal evidence is that Maria lived in Portland, Oregon and then moved to British Columbia. They were divorced in 1874 and custody of the two childres Albert and Lily Mabel were granted to Maria and she married George in the same year. She died in Victoria B.C. June 29 1900 of a heart ailment after several months in hospital. Albert Neate died in a horse riding accident (in California) in about 1903 and after George and Maria died, Lily married James Sharp the manager of the Hudson Bay Company in Port Simpson where her daughter Hilda was born in 1906. James and Lily eventually left Canada and finally settled in Brisbane Australia.
I always get some pretty "spectacular" Valentines gifts from my students each year. Something about the holiday brings out the crazy in these families. Here are some of gifts of love I got. Is it bad I saw some random moms and kids at Target this weekend really struggling with what to get their teacher. I straight up told them don't waste their money on these candy hearts and dinky things. I don't know about you guys, but I would much rather have small gift card or class supplies!
Mentoring was good this week, except perhaps the style section with Tommy Hilfiger which I marked ” stupid ” in my notes. Stevie was great though; very genuine and heartfelt and relevant. Jimmy was quite a sight back in the day, as we saw from the pictures of Jimmy with Stevie.
“Notely’s poetry-quietly at first, without restraint of late-chafes at the constraints of quotidian reality and tears at the fabric of socially constructed identity. Death-driven, ghost-haunted, exasperated by the trivial charades behind which the human species (or at least the males dominant therein) hides its apparently inexpungnable will-to-extinction, hers is a disobedient poetics comparable in urgency and vision to that of William Blake.” – Steve Evans, Third Factory
I cut the shirt at the arm pit.
In the form of
I also shared bits of my life story, they listened and let me know they cared. While hiking built healthy relationships.
for I have seen beauty
* Lynching: History and Analysis, Dwight Murphey's thought-provoking monograph on the controversial practice. Recommended reading for Black History Month. (1995)
4: never get old 4:37
I used stamps from: Nordic Winter (bg) and Cameo Maker
This review is by a nutty American who has clearly not understood the book, which is about how some (other) nutty Americans claim to have been abducted by aliens. The book does not suggest they actually HAVE been abducted by aliens:
To go along with the baby shower duckie and onesie cookies that I made a while back, I also made an 8-inch red velvet cake, one dozen chocolate cupcakes, and one dozen vanilla cupcakes. For the red velvet, I used a recipe from Martha Stewart's "Cupcakes" book, except that I baked it in two 8-inch pans instead of making cupcakes. Then for the filling, I whipped up a batch of cream cheese frosting and spread it onto the first layer of cake.
"Shag?"
I stole the idea for this from one of the million mommy blogs I've been carousing, but sadly I don't remember which one. The mommy from that blog used a Walmart tablecloth to create lovely white seats, so she's obviously more enterprising than me. But mine are covered in decorator's fabric that was - don't be surprised - on clearance. Thanks to Matt being a pack-rat, this was a $10 project. He had all the tools I needed (which, admittedly, were merely two screwdrivers, a pair of pliers, and a staple gun.) I don't really know why he had a staple gun ... men and their toys. And now this dining set - that I got for free, sophomore year of college, no less - is new again and might last us years.
1/4 cup onion, chopped
Ever since its creation, the Festival de Cannes has remained faithful to its founding purpose: to draw attention to and raise the profile of films with the aim of contributing towards the development of cinema, boosting the film industry worldwide and celebrating cinema at an international level
Cupcake Hijab Cushion (£3.99) and Various Hijab Pins (Individually Priced)
I will still stamp and create - just on my own timeline but I most likely will not be blogging about it. I can't say thank you enough to everyone in this community of paper crafters for the encouragement, support, kind compliments and well wishes. A more amazing group of women I have never encountered. I have friends in FAR places that I have made through this hobby and I will continue to enjoy those friendships as a delightful outcome of this fulfilling hobby.
What happened to Jovita was not an isolated incident. She was only one of thousands - possibly a million - women n Puerto Rico that this happened to. It was part of a large-scale government eugenics program that continued in Puerto Rico well into the 1970s. It was part of the very war on women that seemed to be on hiatus for a while, but now seems to be back in full force.
Or at least get a good bit through it. Halfway, at least. Who knows.
water……….9 tbs
I must tell this story to my grandson someday when he's older, and it's ok for him to hear words like "turd" though I must say that I did find the crossed-eyes and the "boring sandwich" response to be quite hilarious.
When I was a fledgling recruitment officer for my friends-and-family-guild-turned-casual-raiding-guild, I had no effing clue as to what I was doing. My GM and his wife tasked me with getting more people so we could move onto 25-man content, so that was the goal I focused on. I thought about all of the reasons people cited for leaving the guild I was in on my Alliance server; this was back at the beginning of TBC and everyone wanted more raiding prospects. So, that’s how I crafted my first recruitment post: “We’ve got raiding! We’ll even help you get geared so you can catch up with the core group! We got all the bells and whistles without being a snooty, stuck up, high-end raiding guild!”
And I know not of all of your lies
Let it sink in.
Reading my lovely blogger friend's latest post today, Kate at Make Do Style is doing a blog post series on A Dress A Day for under £100 and todays post echos my sentiments too- a love of second hand clobber and that nowhere is off limits in the shopping world- jumble sales, boot sales and charity shops included.
For Her
We actually had a break for tea last night. Shared out the recently printed flyers so we can all get to passing them round and putting them in the right places. Also filled out the agreement for the 6th September Brentford Festival.
Love to you all,
Nothing in this world truly lasts, but in these moments we can hope.
First:
ok off to my long day - work; doctors; visit a friend; work; then hopefully HOME and early bedtime!
Editorial Note: (In case my wife reads this)
As we can see, It’s only me, Yes only me can reduce the co2 into almost half tons instead of 1.2 tons a year
Only 10 short years into the new millennium, one might be forgiven for imagining that a revolution had taken place not only in terms of new technologies but in terms of morality. Copyright has been undermined no less by a shift in attitude on the part of consumers than by the digital delivery of content; patents are increasingly regarded as the privilege of the greedy few, with the sector-specific moral argument in favour of access to healthcare being used as a stick with which to beat all patents, of whatever subject-matter. Within the sphere of brands we are now informed by learned reports commissioned by the European Union that counterfeiting is good for consumers, good for the economy, and good for brand owners. As for design, we are given to understand that it is a bar, an inhibition to the promotion of the fashion and clothing industries. Trade secrets, it is also suggested, have outlived their utility and should be limited in time.
05 Gedulah vs. Cheesecake - El-Qadim (8:55)
12. Intensity In Ten Cities
Being easy to use and the clean interface are Penultimate’s biggest assets. However, that comes at a cost of advanced features. There’s no close-up box, you can’t type in text, and there’s not even that many colors or brush sizes to choose from. Maybe though that would be missing the point of the app.
- Charlie Watts: batterie, tabla sur "Factory Girl", choeurs sur "Sympathy for the Devil"
of freak alien punishment, but instead, Jackson issues a challenge: help
28. The Pumpkin Tells - Wade Denning & Kay Lande
Ryan: we should not bail anyone out until its
In short: Don't sell yourself short and get the cutie pie. Cute as it is, you deserve at least the simple pie. It's delicious.
Be honest, how often do you see a white women without make up, the hair colour she was born with, wearing jeans and sneakers dating a black man?
June 2011
Have they inspired their opponents?
I’m going to reveal my anabaptist sympathies here.
Design Paper - a snippet
This is a unique item in the queen’s collection for a few reasons. First, it dates from prior to Queen Victoria’s reign – and beyond the regalia of the Crown Jewels, there aren’t many things in use that have such a history. Second, and despite the fact that it is exclusively worn by queens now, it was actually made for a man: King George IV.
The blog wants to speak now: The Ballgames, Pop Culture and News categories each have been updated.
Dirty Bastard Scotch Ale is brewed by a local Grand Rapids brewery (Founder's), and I'll be quite curious to head down there sometime in the next few weeks to actually try this beer from the tap.
“For his eyes only,” replied Swain.
To stop being so damn hard on myself.
-Tarot and art history
Welcome to our May Duel...the theme this month is 'The Perfect Blend' and I recieved an awesome kit from my friend and fellow Dazzler... Deb. When thinking of the words perfect blend...what comes to mind...coffee.
Every week our young women recite together the "Young Women Theme." It goes like this:
Kristina
Afterwards, I was on the prowl for some Pinkberry… and Veronica had never been before (blasphemy!) so we walked the 20 blocks down there, and of course it started to sprinkle as we walked. Luckily it didn’t turn into a downpour, and we finally made it to Pinkberry to indulge in some parfaits, yum yum!
Story: (6/10) – Lockout’s storyline is actually a REALLY cool idea, but even putting the low budget aside, the final product is dragged down in a couple of places. First, Lockout suffers from too many subplots that really don’t need to be there. I get the impression that Besson and the other writers (two of which also co-directed Lockout) were just trying to fill screentime to meet the quota of an hour-and-a-half sci-fi action movie, but more on that in the next paragraph. The movie is at its best when it just focuses on having fun with Snow and Emilie on MS:1. Granted, this can’t fill the runtime, so this is bookended and occasionally interjected by superfluous story elements that cheesy action fans will probably just wish they could fast-forward through. Anyway, the movie begins rather cheekily with an interrogation, taking place in the year 2079. Accused ex-government agent, Snow is being beaten for information after evidence surfaces suggesting that he murdered another agent in cold blood. Pleading his innocence (rather sarcastically), Snow is given a chance to redeem himself when a hostage situation occurs on maximum security prison, MS:1. The president’s daughter is among a group of hostages after all of the inmates are freed in a hostile takeover, and Snow is tasked with going to the prison to get her out. The catch? MS:1 is orbiting the planet’s atmosphere from space. The meat of Lockout plays off of this simple premise, and when it’s just allowed to be a fun, simple action movie, that’s when the story works best.
I often wonder when I became a hermit. Not, actually, in real life, mind you, but in my heart’s home. I used to be an extrovert, drawing energy from the crowd. Now, I sip on a sunrise and savor the silence.
And my house doesn't even feel clean yet!
Instead of binding and hemming the sleeves and bottom, I used my overlocker to do a rolled hem – bias binding would have been far too stiff for those sleeves, and I wanted them floaty….
Thank you for sending Trees in the Pavement for consideration for Cricket Book. Your manuscript received several reads in-house, and although there was much we liked about it, I regret that we decided the manuscript is not right for our small list.
~ Kudos to the venue for providing ample food & water throughout the evening. Based on how several of the attendees looked and sounded a few hours into the event, I'm guessing there would have been a hell of a lot of pizzas being delivered to Heinz Field had the organizers not kept the grub in good supply.
­This is not the first time the US Congress has tried to adopt legislation to regulate the Internet.
This bridge, according to a legend carefully fostered by the Office de Tourisme, took a very long time to finish because of an unusual phenomenon largely unknown to today's building trade.
He is also the creator of SafeKids.com, SafeTeens.com, and is co-director of ConnectSafely.org. All the way back in 1994, he wrote “Child Safety on the Information Highway,” and he has been writing, speaking, and testifying about the issue ever since.
A charming man already knows what level he plans on going with a woman before he even talks or says a word to her. Sometimes he just wants to flirt and say something complimentary but keep it short, simple, sweet b/c he really has no interest on really moving things beyond that (may possibly already be taken, time constraints, etc).
With an array of wonderful talent to pull from in Seattle and surrounding areas, Jet City Burlesque often sets out to show you the comical, the sultry, the beautiful and the bawdy with their performance selections. Always looking to help out the community, JCB produces shows that benefit an array of very worthy causes, all while delighting the audience.
I have filled my kitchen patio beds with the following plants that attract hummingbirds:
The chutzpah of King Abdullah is quite breathtaking – calling upon the Christian deity to assist the Muslims to kill the Jews because the Jews have sinned. I know I shouldn’t be shocked but I can’t help it.
J - Character gains a wanted poster with a badly drawn picture of him/herself on it. There is a 5,000gp reward for the character's corpse.
4) After defeating them, be sure to check the drawers on the left that I marked with a yellow square in picture 3. This contains the telescope, which should be your third to last boat piece!
Perhaps I looked pathetic. Perhaps I looked like I was going to start crying, or commit a crime. Or maybe this just happens all the time. In any event, the woman took pity on me. "If you want to buy a city map for two euros, I can give you change," she said. A map? Brilliant idea! We'll need a map! I shoved a 20 euro note toward her. She gave me a map, and, more importantly, a stack of coins. (I have a feeling she sells a lot of those maps.)
Main course (meat): The Passage. This is nominally a vampire book – yes, there are vamps, but they could just as easily be zombies or plague or some other great and unavoidable evil. The Passage is much more than a summer blockbuster featuring bloodsuckers. It reminds me of Stephen King’s epic The Stand. I am about three-quarters of the way through it; it is compulsively readable, but it is not going to end well, so I keep procrastinating wrapping it up.
I want to revamp my Blog Roll, so if any of you wish me to add your Blog, let me know. I'm also Twittering away, so follow me HERE. You can also leave a comment if you hate the post.....you can leave a positive comment too if you want. That's it for today, I hope you SHINDIGGIT!
Conditions can make you beam
And finally, property. This used to be what being rich and powerful was about. Kings, dukes, lords. The more land you owned, the better. I think times have changed though. The most powerful men in the world aren’t property tycoons, they’re businessmen. Multi-billion dollar, multi-national companies that invade the economies of other countries. The whole blood and guts and gore thing is so unnecessary when you can enslave a nation economically. However, I don’t think I would enjoy the life of a business man. A 24 hour job just doesn’t appeal to me. I’d rather be the guy who invests in the business man’s idea and lets him burn himself out while I take a cut of the profits. Look at Warren Buffet. He doesn’t own a single company of his own yet until recently he was the second richest man on the planet. He hedges his bets by investing in several hundred companies and probably lives relatively stress free.
What subject do you feel like you ROCK at teaching and why??? I love reading...it's great to see the minds click on and the world open up before them!
If I Knew You Were Coming I'd Have Baked A Cake
I brushed with egg yolk and water, for a golden top, then dusted with vanilla sugar (or use a few free packs of Sugar in the Raw).
He also pointed to the new mental health care laws that are currently under deliberation. The defence attorney believes that these laws have been drafted with his client in mind.
28302
Happy week-end dear friends!!!
But it was curious, though not surprising given the sources, that three recent articles mentioning the Blogfest and the Brooklyn blogging boom, including the cover story in today's New York Times City section, ignored Atlantic Yards, notably this web site and No Land Grab.
DRIVE, music by Cliff Martinez
Although this move could be stressful (and probably will be once we get closer to moving day), we are all really looking forward to it. The kids are looking forward to painting their own rooms and Kyle and I are looking forward to the pre-move purge. It is amazing how quickly we accumulated stuff to fill this place. Especially considering that we got rid of most of our belongings when we moved here. Where did all of this stuff come from and why do we have it?! Honestly, we don't need most of it. So, we're getting ruthless and getting rid of a lot. We've already purged about 5 boxes of clothes... and I keep finding more to get rid of. I went through our homeschool books and materials and sold anything we weren't using, never used, or wouldn't be using for younger children as they got older. I also went through our bookshelves (gasp) and got rid of quite a few books. I'll be returning to those again in a few weeks and purging again.
Anyway, we used to all hang out at CCPE’s house, and it was a party every weekend. So, let’s just say there was some incestual hooking up. Anyway, I thought that I loved CCPE (although, looking back, I’m not sure I knew what love really was at the time). We were together for about a year, but much of that time we kept it on the down low because there was a significant age difference, and um, I had previously been dating his brother. When CCPE ultimately cheated on me with three different women (which was probably easy for him to do considering the secretive nature of our relationship), we were done. When this relationship ended, I was devastated, lost a ton of weight and found a love for flirting that I’d never had before. Once I picked myself up from my Felicity marathon and seemingly endless tears, these next guys came fast and furious, let me tell you.
Have a plan on when and how the implementation will take place. Present an organized strategy to the staff so they know what to expect. Set goals and milestones with realistic timelines so the staff has targets to shoot for. An organized approach will help to ease their fears.
And this was the second tear ambush of the day!
- The Community of Borden-Carleton GC Bell Memorial Scholarship
You can learn plenty from your role models, but don’t rule out the Jerks. There is one thing I would stress as you look around you at the Jerks, always look in the mirror first. If you don’t like what you see, others may be learning what not to do from you!
Back to Rude Club anyway , Men In Suits growls along and then explodes into a wailing wall of noise that frankly could strip paint off walls... The drummer despite looking like a bar room bouncer practically barrels this along, matched by Jane's guttural, at time feral voice.... not fucking bad if you ask me.....
Last night was New Year's Eve. It wasn't nearly as hard as it was last year, when we were leaving the year that Jacob was conceived and born, his year. But we are getting closer and closer to his second birthday and that is scary.
_____Well I started talking to this girl more than 10 minutes ago and she hasn't slapped me or freaked out.....I hope she's OK with the names I picked out for our kids (funny stalker quote)
But E. Ethelbert Miller, whom I had a chance to interview last week, was very down to earth. Though still active in social justice issues for African-Americans, he doesn't have traditional Southern African-American roots. His roots are in Barbados and he was raised in the South Bronx before moving to Washington, D.C. for his college studies.
I’ve had a few ideas and topics I wanted to write about, and I ended up not choosing any of those and choosing to talk about photo selection instead. I had a National Scrapbook Day on April 28, and as I’m watching a friend scrapbook, I’m wondering how on earth she has managed to fit over a year and a half of photos in one scrapbook, and I have one scrapbook from about June to October? You know who you are, and you have inspired me to change my photo selection. In a good way of course. it’s hard to decide what photos to put in, especially being a mom, and having a digital camera. Digital cameras have drastically changed photos and scrapbooking.
Cinnamon Sugar w/powdered sugar glaze
(More on that in the next post.)
Doing number 2 was discussed during the launch of Dulcolax campaign the Starting Fresh Campaign which will involve celebrity Tuesday Vargas who will go around baranggays in the country to talk about constipation and how people can avoid it.
French food is freaking dlish. Which is what makes the dining experience all that more cruel. They turn what should be a culinary dream come true, into an exercise in humiliation.
nāvamanyeta karhicit
The fact of the matter is the Europeans know the Greeks and other Mediterranean countries were mooching off their hard working Northern cousins and they must now stop it. A new Mediterranean currency is what they really need.
Also, he expects me to remember conversations down to the detail that he does. Say I’ll be typing on the computer one evening, and he’ll say something like, “I know the perfect Christmas present for my sister!”
That business is something you can
My friend Peggy chose a Pink and Silver theme that I thought was just stunning.
At the Kati army garrison where the CNRDRE is based, tempers flared. Rowdy troops gathered to jeer at the foreign minister of Burkina Faso, Djibril Bassolé, who had come to represent ECOWAS in talks with junta leaders, and reportedly cocked their weapons to demonstrate their opposition to any compromise. Captain Sanogo, despite the cagey game he’s played to stay in the political picture, has always publicly stated his support for regional mediation of Mali’s crisis, and now it’s unclear whether he can make his men respect any deal brokered with ECOWAS. He has repeatedly rejected any foreign troop deployment in Mali.
CURTAINS FOR CHRISTINE. TROLLEY FROM GARAGE. MUM – SWEETS. CARD FOR J BAKER. RING HARRISON ETC. WINE – BARB. RING AUDREY RE THURSDAY. SODAS. POT POURRI, PIMMS. COMPOTE. BOOK RAIL. MOVE BARBIE. SWEEEP FRONT. BOOK BOUCHON. HANG WASHING. REFUNDS IN HEXHAM. TUES IN N/C: DUVET COVER – FENWICKS. LOOK AT BARBIE HANDLE (DRAW DIAGRAMME).
Holy mindfuck Batman!!! This was one of the trippiest experiences I've ever had at the theater. I saw Avatar in IMAX 3D and it was the greatest visual experience I've had in my life. Grindhouse was the most fun I'd ever had in theaters AND it was a double feature. (I don't get stupid idiots that complained about the movie being long, it's two separate movies.. just fuckin leave!!!! Don't ruin it for the rest of us) Also, who can forget the special place I have in my heart for the 2009 remake of My Bloody Valentine. Before Avatar, it was my favorite 3D movie for the longest time and still trumps Avatar in the badass gore department. (This is the first RealD movie that I saw in theaters and was the first 3D movie I saw on my own. So I will always be fond of this movie because she was my first... taking my 3D virginity... well, basically more like raping my virgin eyes by forcing images into it.) But this was such a trippy experience, I feel like it was almost a dream!!!
I've been fiddling with making a little flowery 'picture'.....
I got these vintage style eye dropper fountain pens after a long time from Indian Subcontinent. I love their beautiful color. There are bright and colorful. They have a small window at the barrel which are not very clear as they all are handmade fountain pens.
I truly felt it was important to me to hold on to whatever normalcy I had, that being a place to go to for work. I needed the routine. I also strongly felt that I more than knew the business as I’d run it with Rob for 17 years, but this new venture being a retail franchise Firestone had only been in effect since Sept. 1999 for me. I mentioned the tire recall earlier in my posts and that was devastating to our bottom line, but I felt that if I just worked hard enough, got good employees, did great work and ran it honestly and to the best of my abilities, that I could turn things around.
3. Camel Caravan from 'Omar Khayyam' 7:56
Here is a thank you card I made using ColourQ
So let’s talk about a few of these industries that are owned by our government.
This week Google announced its newest offering, Google Drive. The launch of Google Drive, a cloud-based file storage and synchronization tool, places Google’s hat in the ring with other file sharing services. In response, Vice President of Sales and Client Services at FilesAnywhere, Shayne Mehringer, gave this statement:
Bead Trends is a series of beautiful idea books. They feature a great variety of incredible jewelry and bead creations.
Thanks for stopping by and Good luck to all my Circle friends!
“Dog shit won’t blind you either,” I said, “unless you roll in the dog shit. Just put it down so it…”
Among the few thousand dollars worth of stuff stolen, was my laptop, which idiotically I didn’t back up anywhere. Admittedly I’m most upset that all my pictures and videos of my son are now gone, but readers, I’d like your advice on how to handle the intellectual property theft of my stories. My MG novel (Princess Amelia and two sequel sketches)and many short stories are gone. Conveniently, I also saved a list on the hard drive of publishers and agents to check out. As hubristic as it may sound, I admit I’m concerned about seeing something *I* wrote, get published under some stolen property buyer’s name.
It was not always like this. To our forefathers, patriotism and the love of one's own race and people were once viewed as being among the highest and most noble forms of love. They are, now to many viewed as the most despised forms of prejudice and bigotry.
From the learning rooms...I am still a work in progress and I am learning each and every day.
The B-Side, "The Mouth of Sky" shows off a layered synth track which varies between the top shelf strings and the cheap cut off stuff. I swear I'm even hearing the key presses here, his fingers actually pressing down plastic midi keys, that would figure they would have mic'd that process. I wouldn't put it past him to get that meta. The vocal that comes in is robotic and autotuned, a vocal that most likely didn't need any of this 'correction'.... and that's the point maybe, how easily you can 'ruin something that should pretty much be left alone. These midi strings can be good by themselves if you don't try to hide them? There's a lot going on here, all sadness and epic as the Microphones ever were.
Local initiative is stifled, most management effort is now directed into moving paperwork up and down the chain until a link across to the relevant national functional silo can be found. Intersilo buckpassing becomes an artform.
I really preferred the 12-hour readathon … I felt it was easier for me to actually focus on reading for 12 hours, whereas I get really sleepy doing the 24-hour readathon. Of course, having started at 7am, I still went until midnight reading and STILL didn’t read for 12 hours. What the heck was I doing? Maybe next time I’ll be able to manage my time better.
I love my children. I love being a mom. But I could never have imagined how much I could love anyone else as much as I love Jude. This little guy has surely breathed new life into our family. The tough part is finding time for the rest of your life. I have another (step)daughter in NJ with two grown granddaughters. Of course we try to see them as often as we can. And then there are our friends and other social commitments. Our sons are out of state, so visiting with them requires vacation time and plane tickets, so unfortunately we see them much less frequently than we’d like. So budgeting time for everything sometimes takes a lot of patience and creativity.
I'll just have to be satisfied with my imagination since there are no pictures of the moment. Oh, it's not for lack of trying. Her mother and I wanted desperately to tag along. We're kind of intrusive like that...
Another similar theory by an Australian scientist suggests that earth is overlain by a brittle yet cool crust, but underneath is a thick mantel of about 1000 miles thick that continuously mixes with the heat from the molten core of the earth. These viscous blobs of primitive earth material that rise and fall between the mantle and the core, mixing and churning. They form the dynamic energy of earthquakes and volcanoes.
So what other new things have I gained from the post-Christmas holidays? Definitely far too much chocolate. I really need to start eating more healthily, however I've been invited to hot pot at my cousins so that's not going to be put into action until at least next week. Ha, so we'll see about that one. What a fatty.
Or countryside ponds to skate
When I was waiting tables for years after college I became obsessed with the idea of being a puppeteer, like the guy in La Double Vie de Veronique. I would stage creepy puppet plays in my mind (always, only). I did a day internship with the Red Moon Theater Company (it was supposed to be a summer long internship). I realized with horror that day that to be a puppeteer you had to actually make things and I quickly lost interest.
This Friday November 4th, Pyxis will be available in ebook format AND the month-long Kindle Giveaway begins. November will be full of inteviews, Pyxis reviews, ebook giveaways, and of course, the chance to win a Kindle! I have a ton of amazing bloggers helping me with these exciting events - I couldn't do this without them. I hope you'll check out their posts, leave comments, and follow their blogs.
_ Identifying opportunities for, and developing fundraising efforts.
The two faces of PP
It seems so at bless when floating but alas something so beautiful always ends. Like our life. So beautiful yet so fragile and delicate.
Unfortunately, the defense attorney knows how to put on a hell of a show and Addy has found out the hard way that juries seem to lose sight of the truth during the theatrics of a trial. Fortunately, Addy also knows a thing or two about show business.
Midnights anxiety,
Life’s greatest purpose is immersing your great spirit into the realm of duality (light and dark, wisdom and arrogance, etc) and finding your way out of it.
Finally, we got on the bus, and rode the 20 hours back home. Cruz del Sur is actually one of the better overnight bus experiences I’ve had, but the plain truth is, no matter how awesome the bus line is, overnight bus rides suck. On the bright side, our passports now have shiny new stamps in them, and we are extremely glad to be home again.
What to Bring - 2 Photographs to use on your layout!
I am so in love with this quilt! The pattern and the fabric equally, but it's for me, so it kept getting pushed to the back of the list. Hopefully 2012 will be the year I get to snuggle with it! All I have to do is quilt it (it's even basted) and bind it. See progress photos here.
In this one, it's Catwoman who is Gotham City's biggest superhero. She's allied with Commissioner Jim Gorden, she battles versions of the Joker, Two-Face, Killer Croc... all the usual suspects. Oh, and then there's the mystery Bat-man, a homicidal criminal the likes of which Gotham has never seen. Will Catwoman be able to capture him? Or will she be the one laying dead by the end of the night?
What ends up being the best beer for the changing of the seasons is the Stout. Pushed onto American palates by Guinness- hey I started there, you probably did too- the rich, roasty goodness can get you through the cooler nights. So grab a dark one, and enjoy.
By the time we headed back to Ise, we were all pretty well laced. Which, naturally, led to karaoke. We had amassed, in two rooms, by nature of intersecting parties, one of the larger karaoke groups I've seen in recent memory.
Of course, Penn Yan was really Isaiah Harris Hughes of Essex, England. He was the second individual to perform under that particular name, succeeding the act’s former owner. After serving an apprenticeship with Penn, Keller went solo. It was a tough racket. After a few dates, he was robbed by his first manager, and reduced to hoboing. In Waukeegan, Illinois he showed his true mettle as a conjurer by materializing an entire engagement with nothing more than the shirt on his back. Using charm, stealth and maybe his own patheticness, he managed to bum a coat, the use of a hall for two nights, handbills and props. The profit from the two nights’ performance enabled him to pay everything off, to buy proper new props and tour for a few weeks. After a few weeks he was broke again and had to make his escape from an audience full of creditors by climbing out a rear window during intermission. Talk about a disappearing act!
The boy looked at her and withered under her gaze. ‘Alright, I said that I was bringing the most beautiful girl I’d ever seen, and my friend- David, you’ll meet him- started to,’ Petro was struggling to control himself, ‘um, expound the various things we could, well, do with each other up there.’
In order to comply with FDA regulations, Lorillard had until June 22, 2010, to rebrand tobacco products marketed as “Lights”, “Ultra-Lights”, “Medium”, “Mild”, “Full Flavor”, or similar designations to belie the false impression that some tobacco products are comparatively safe.
There was just a teeny little trim on our olden doors. Some of the doors where hung a tad crooked. Some wouldn't close all the way. Olden! Kinda like me! :)
Too many Africans are yearning for life as we knew it back then…but they just love the white man’s BMW and Lear Jet. The donkey cart is way too primitive for their liking and the cow hides that once covered our loins are not as “cool” as a Hugo Boss suit. We are a race that conveniently wants to fall back on our traditions when it suits us.
The constant postings on our other blog has put me behind.
For example, a few mornings ago my son drew me this picture. He drew it to show me he loves me. The picture is not his love. If he fails to draw me a picture the next morning does it mean he loves me less. No. That’s ridiculous. The picture is simply an expression of his love. The picture is a tool that facilitates the communication of his love.
Not only did I get less expensive toilet paper, I also received some great, new parenting advice through the experience. I haven't seen it in any parenting books or expert columns and certainly not upon the frugal blogs that gave the tip about not being loyal to brands. I understood that brand loyalty gets you in trouble with the frugal bottom line.
Honey, you lied when you
Ever wonder why some sweaters have top and bottom buttonholes horizontal, and intermediate buttonholes vertical? Horizontal buttonholes prevent vertical slippage, keeping bands aligned top and bottom.Vertical buttonholes prevent horizontal slippage, keeping the bands centered on one another. This two-way alignment is found on high-end sweaters, and adds a touch of class to hand-knit sweaters, too. A further refinement: Horizontal buttonholes are worked so the outer edge not the center of the buttonhole!) is centered on the buttonhole band. Why? When wearing, the button pulls to the outside of the slot. This off-center placement keeps the bands aligned.
. . . his obsession with all things dinosaur has taken on epic proportions. he calls them "dans" or, as of this week, "saurs". he finds one and yells "raaar!" he sleeps with a stuffed brontosaurus. he asks me to kiss his stuffed brontosaurus. he snuggles with "bont-o" every night. he only wants to read "sories" (stories) about "dans". he has memorized the words to our dinosaur books. watch out, here come the . . . "dan!", he'll shout. he know exactly who "rex" is. he likes to point to his sharp "teef" and then he points to my teeth and his own teeth and laughs. when you ask where his tail is, he points to his bottom and smiles and laughs. he only wants to watch "dan" (dino dan) on tv. he wants to wear his "dan. shooo-s." (dinosaur slippers boppy bought for him) all the time. morning, noon and even at bedtime. when he puts them on, he smiles and shouts "raaaaarrr!" i about melted into a puddle of sappy mama mush when i went to check on him last night and he was sound asleep, wearing his dino jammies, cuddling bronto and wearing his "dan. shooooes."
My mind is now drawn to remembering what Govinda spoke to me: which extinguishes flames of pain in any situation.
It’s truly been my pleasure to browse six years of photos and choose 14 which I hope will illustrate the familiar beauty of the streets we travel every day.
3) Add in the chilli paste and the meat.Add in half cup of water to tenderised the meat. Let it simmer until the meat is tender.
I realize this isn't the typical book recommendation you would expect to receive from an Attachment Parenting blog. To be honest, I'm not a fan of Dr. Laura. I don't agree with her point of view on many things (I doubt I would agree with much of her parenting advice), but despite her extreme over-generalizations of men's and women's personality traits and roles in life, I did learn a lot from this book. I'm embarrassed to admit that at thirty-something years old, and five years into marriage, I was pretty clueless about the few basic things that men need to be happy. I realized that I had gone in to hyper-mom mode over the past few years and had been neglecting my husband and my marriage.
-Successful Communication with Parents and from Parents
E got a sampler entree and I got the chicken enchiladas. Again the portions were huge. And again the food was massively tasty. I didn't really love the taco that was part of E's dinner because the shell had been fried and the grease from the beef filling had made the taco a bit soggy. I tend to enjoy steamed corn tortillas for my tacos so it's more of a personal preference than anything else. But I really enjoyed my chicken enchiladas. I got them in a red sauce that was very flavorful as were the refried beans and rice that came with our dishes. We were both very satisfied. As witnessed here
As we enter this Holiday Season..Our family will be remembering, and giving thanks for our Thanksgiving in Armenia five years ago. It is amazing that it has already been five years…Time flies once your child comes home.
5. Firemen and EMT's are always hot, but they don't like hearing that after you throw up on them.
the Two Greengos.
Weekly Wisdom: If you are prone to getting car sick pre-pregnancy, long car trips should be avoided during pregnancy. I'm not even safe in the front seat!
Thank you to all of you who periodically check in on our blog. I apologize for not updating since Cora was born. Life with two kids is a lot crazier than I was expecting :)
8) My cervix is still very-much closed.
when here alone in sunsets arms
Manuel of Style.
Besides, the weeding has been accumulating for many many months, a day or so more won't hurt.
The members of The 5th Dimension appeared as special guests in a third season episode of It Takes a Thief, where Marilyn McCoo is forced to add three certain notes to a recording of “One Less Bell To Answer,” which will trigger a bomb. The episode also included "Puppet Man." I couldn't find the appropriate clips from It Takes a Thief, but here are the songs below:
Glitter from Martha Stewart
tortuga = tor too gah = turtle
Fax: +62 361 300 7777
How is your local church integrated into your community (rural or urban)? Would there be an impact in your immediate community if your local congregation were to burn down or suddenly disappear?
A fealty sworn
People ask me these questions. They want to know where to begin.
We've finally started adding doors to the upper cabinets in the kitchen. They even have knobs now (I took this picture at Christmas time). Only 4 more to go and we can think about adding a pantry. Whoopee!!
We live in a society that values cheerfulness at all costs, and sometimes, when it comes to grief, the cost of putting on a cheery mien to make others feel better is simply too high. Despite what people seem to think, happiness and joy are not the only allowable emotions. Grief is important, too. If the bereft shows no danger signs, such as drinking too much, blocking out family and friends for many months, suicidal impulses such as stockpiling pills, then it’s better to let grief take its course.
Luckily, which I would never say otherwise, Alli woke up early that morning - around 5:45 a.m. I had already been up and showered since 5 a.m. We hurried to get her ready and get dressed, as well as throw all our hospital items in a bag since we hadn't packed them yet. Just the night before, I had commented to Mommy B that all our suitcases were still in the attic. We jumped in the car about 6:30, and the contractions were about 6 minutes apart. Our first stop - Dad-E's work so he could get his laptop. It was on our way, so we stopped right in front of the building and Dad-E sprinted up four floors to get his computer and dash back down again. I think my 40 time has improved - and by that I mean my 40-stair time. Next stop - Alli's daycare. We wheeled in and out of there faster than a McDonald's drive-through. Dad-E grabbed Alli and tossed her into the first set of arms he could find. Luckily, it was Alli's teacher and she could tell that we were in a mad rush. As he was sprinting back out the door, he informed them that we were off to the hospital and that someone would be picking Alli up sometime later. I didn't know who it would be or when, but I knew someone would be back to get her at some point before they closed at 6pm.
For example: I wrote in my review of High in my column in The Westchester Guardian that Kathleen Turner, as a nun in mufti, wore a pants suit, which came out in print as “ants suit.” This had me wondering what an ants suit might be: An outfit impregnated with an insect repellent to protect you in case you stepped on an ant hill? A technological wonder that could transmute ants into an inexpensive textile suitable for suits?
What is of particular interest to me is the reaction of the press, many of the old boys and parents to the arrest of those responsible for the brutal initiations at Parktown Boys in 2009, and the contrast to the Reitzhuis incident in 2008, as well as other incidents of initiation at Afrikaans-language schools and university residences.
I have pain in my wrist. Dorsal or palmer flection causes tremendous pain. I’m not exactly sure why there is pain there, as the incision stops 0.8 mm short of the area of pain. There is a natural gap between the ulna (arm bone) and the lunate (a carpal bone). Severe pain persists in this region. Next, in the region below the three fingers that were not infected are painful to the movement. I still cannot, nor will I ever, extend my index finger at the PIP or DIP joint. My PIP joint started at a 30 degree downward measurement. As of my last therapy session it’s down (or up) to 35 degrees. This will continue to worsen at best.
But that's not the case when it comes to the notion that Barack Obama is a traitor. The notion that his presidency flagrantly violates legal and constitutional restraints is articulated day in and day out by Republicans and rightists of all degrees of prominence. It's not considered controversial. Whether it's the use of so-called czars, the inclusion of an individual mandate in the health care law, or merely the collecting and distribution of tax money for any social program at all, mainstream rightists and Republicans now deem it a violation of the Constitution and an example of full-blown, undiluted socialism.
“No?” The dragon asked coyly. “Why not?”
There have been a couple of other interesting Ichiro's Malt bottlings recently, which I will also update you on asap. By the way, I think Bar Zoetrope in Tokyo has these Newborns in his crib.
I looked before - and aft - my cart, to see who he was talking about. I was the only one there.
One of my favorite writers and Vegan chefs, Colleen Patrick-Goudreau writes how she steers away from words like “mock,” “faux,” “substitute,” “fake,” or “imitation” because Vegan food IS real food and not some inferior, unreal version of animal-based foods. She writes in her Vegan’s Daily Companion, “By definition, the words "alternative" and "substitute" imply that the thing they are being measured against is the superior choice; that is, you choose the "substitute" when you can’t get the real thing, and so on” (p. 175). I completely agree. I don't like when people say they eat “fake” cheese. The cheese I eat isn’t fake. It isn’t plastic or pretend cheese. It’s just non-dairy cheese.
