I usually use Asian pears to make kimchee but the Asian pears at the store looked pretty miserable with black patches all over. So I chose firm bosc pear instead.
With hostile indifference
Today's trip brought on 3 different types of macarons. First I opted for the vanilla, followed by the caramel, and finally the chocolate. These are elegantly cooked cookies of sorts, with a nice crunch on the outside, and a soft chewy center on the inside of the cookie. These are then filled with a cream of sort, and they are absolutely delicious. I have to say that of the 3, the vanilla was my favorite, followed by the caramel. Next time I need to get a few of the pistachio as well!
The TM and I have spent the last 3 months having stuff done to our house, and I’ll be honest with you…. As nice as many of the things are, and as necessary as the rest was… I’m so fucking tired of having people in the house. No offense at all to the contractors who are super nice and very professional, but I just want to sit around the house on my off days without my pants on, and your presence has hindered that a great deal.
Once again, the best part of using Lawn Fawn stamps is how well the sets combine with each other - even across the collections. The alphabets and sentiments always fit easily into elements like the banners, clouds and tickets from other sets, making them extremely versatile. Cannot recommend them enough!
I had no absolutely no reason to believe that I would be able to come out of this sensibly, without turning round the car, driving back home, taking ED to Gloucester station, validating the ticket, and then setting off once more.
- The topping recipe calls for 8 T butter to 1/2c brown sugar to 3T flour to 1/2c nuts. I didn't stop to think about that proportion, just measured and combined the ingredients and popped it into the freezer overnight. Looking back at it, that's a lot of butter for a relatively small amount of dry ingredients.
Having four little girls in the house means a lot of my time in the mornings is taken up with doing their hair. Some days it's a curse, some days it's fun. Some days I feel like tearing my own hair out in frustration. The three big girls have long hair, really long hair and it gets knotty, really knotty. The thing is though they love having cute hair do's. They put in their orders, and I try and do the best I can.
Luckily, I have a favorite way to roast my turkey. I generously season the cavity with salt and pepper, and then stuff it full of aromatics - I use garlic, lemons, whole sprigs of fresh herbs (rosemary from our garden, in this case), and a whole quartered onion. Then I slather the outside with lots of olive oil, and season with more salt, pepper, and chopped herbs. Tuck the wings under, tie up the legs with twine, and it's ready to go in the oven!
Onion, raw (1 cup) - 1/4 cup dried minced onion or 1 T onion powder (dried onion will need time to rehydrate)
Ryan Lavarnway BOS Y 20
Road Ladies: +55 cts
Perle cotton in green and red
I am going to be a writer...a published writer...
I realised that the white velvet cake recipe is the same recipe on page 298, ie white velvet butter cupcakes. So I decided to bake cupcakes instead of layer cake (no baking mood). I figured that cupcakes bake faster in the oven and i don't have to cut the round parchment etc. Since the beginning of the new year, I have been feeling extremely tired because i have to get up early to get my son ready for school in the morning. Age is certainly catching up I have to say...
This recipe is simple: cut some tofu and then fry the tofu. Eat the tofu.
My seven year has always been interested in science. When other little girls were playing princesses, she wanted to do experiments. We've found some great products to encourage this interest - I'll feature one of those at the end of this post - but our three year old has been left out of most of the fun. That is until now.
This is another of the embossed cards I made last week. I've always loved the technique of using two (or more) embossing folders on a single layer. The Happy Birthday folder is a great one to use with many of the others. For this card I paired it with the Swiss Dots folder leaving a space between the two designs. I scored two lines and ran a bit of ribbon between them. A very easy card to make and it looks like it takes a lot of work (let's let that be our little secret).
The greatest variables that I can expect across my Auckland schools are time and capacity. Time very literally means the actual number of minutes that the school administration and teachers will allow the students to be out of class. Each group’s capacity will in turn depend on our allotted time working together. So, rather than the old adage of time=money, for us it seems more like time=power. (…or perhaps, power=time?)
There’s a certain amusement value in this, but other manifestations of the same gap in comprehension between those who recognize the reality of peak oil and those that don’t are far from funny. Marriages have broken down and friendships have ended because of it. Many other relationships exist in a state of armed truce, in which nobody brings up peak oil because it’s already become clear that conversation on the subject leads nowhere useful. The division is not a matter of intelligence—some extremely smart people insist that there must be limitless energy somewhere—or politics—those who reject peak oil, like those who understand it, can be found from one end of the political spectrum straight across to the other. When it comes down to it, the most that can be said is that some people get peak oil, and others simply don’t.
1. In health, you must be careful to provide for each other (not so much pleasing as) wholesome food, and to keep each other from that which is hurtful to your health; warning each other from the dangers of gluttony and idleness, the two great murderers of mankind.(39)
Susan's recipe could not have been easier-- to four cups of heavy cream, add 1/2 cup sugar and heat until hot, but not simmering. In a separate bowl, sprinkle four teaspoons of powdered gelatin over 6 tablespoons of cold water...
Wrap the remaining mold material around the edges - I like to give the corners a little pinch as well. Silicone mold material sticks to itself so my next step is to build up the mold. Mix another blob and give the bottom another layer of thickness to make the mold a little more sturdy. I continue to mix material and wrap the edges and sides, trying to stay as even as I can with the top of the prototype. Trim the top edges with a blade if desired.
we're contemplating a spontaneous trip to Austin tonight
(No mention of the magnificent scenery or beach!)
Lisa Germano has the rare ability to render complex emotional states into deceptively astute and intelligible lyricism. The music on this brief record (34 minutes) is equally beautiful, at times heartbreakingly so. That it’s taken me four years to discover the album is regrettable. In The Maybe World is a small masterpiece.
But something has to be said in the defense of Noah. There is a discussion about how to understand the sentence “Noah was a righteous man, perfect in his generations…”[2] Rashi tells about the two opinions on how to understand this, that either it is to be understood that he, Noah, seemed as a Tzaddiq, compared to his generation (which was full of wickedness), but in other generations, especially next to the greater Tzaddiqim, would seem ordinary in his observance, or that since he was a Tzaddiq in his generations, full of wickedness and temptations, how much more would he have been a greater Tzaddiq, had he lived in better generations.
Save me, Jeebus!
You'll have the best
Each of gu form, painted on each side with a chinoiserie figure surrounded by a floral and diaper ground, crescent mark in blue. Height 7 7/8 inches (19.5 cm).
Tracey Emin and Damian Hirst have declared works to be art because they say so. They were promoted and financed by Saatchi who first declared their works art but he is not an artist. It is critics and elite art buyers who decide what is art and usually because of its commercial value but that is external to the work, not intrinsic. They are right about the commercial value of objects but not about its classification as art because designating something as art because it has commercial value is to apply external or non intrinsic criteria as the standard of judgement. Some people are supposed to think they are Napoleon or royalty but does that make them so?
Tonight, we say goodbye to the old year, and welcome in a new one (that link will only make sense if you like Doctor Who)! And because I like making lists, and all the cool kids are doing it anyway, I decided to do a year end roundup of posts from the past 12 months: one post from each month that I especially liked, or that was especially popular, or whatever other reason I come up with. It's really interesting going through old posts on this blog, to me, as I'm reminded of good days and bad, and see how my writing has grown and improved. I hope you enjoy this selection (which, let me tell you, was VERY hard for me to pick)!
With the help of software designed to hide the IP address, your online identity will be kept confidential. People will see your fake IP address. Programs that seek to hide your IP-address of the place in all major browsers and different messengers. Using these tools, but do not want your Internet address, you can also access the sites that were previously forbidden to sail with fake IP address.
Since then I’ve been in daily contact with my b-dad over whatapps and on a weekly basis with my b-mom. After we met them in Canada, they flew over to Belgium for my wedding and got to see how we lived, spend time with their grandchildren and got to meet those dearest to me here.
I wonder if it means anything.
H: But the fact is that Israel feels itself increasingly isolated, and there are potential practical implications.
Her name is Malouchie (last name withheld) and goes by the name Malou. She was born on 31 Aug 1977 and her passport number is (withheld). I am attaching a picture and a passport copy of her. We live in Cyprus at the moment. I am from Cyprus and my husband is American. We have a 7-month old baby boy. Since I work in the medical field, I didn’t have the chance to take a year or two from work to stay home and raise my child. In my profession the field advances so quickly that taking time off would most likely be the end of your career. Since I have invested so much in my education and career, I didn’t want to do that. In Cyprus, unlike other western countries, there are no reliable nanny agencies where you can see the references of the person you want to work with before you hire them. There are people who find nannies but your chance of finding someone good is 50/50.
When Layla turned 2, we took her back to our favorite photographer in Seattle, Jennifer Tai, who has been taking regular pictures for us since I was pregnant. Every time is a new experience, and this was was quite the experience. We went to her studio in the SoDo district (old warehouses, lots of trains) which had a bed, a chair, lots of space, lots of light, and not much else. Layla had a blast there and ripped all around the place, mostly naked (good thing I didn't spend a lot of time and money on clothes for this!). We had no chance of any kind of posed shot, although we tried for a little while. We had to just follow her around, creating shots wherever she was.
Is that the kind of thing we were asking about? It might be a bit exaggerated.
Historian Andrew Roberts reports that The Commonwealth Relations Office worried that with restrictions “ there might well be a chance of the governments of India and Pakistanistan introducing retaliatory restrictions against the entry or residence of members of the British business community.” Commonwealth Secretary Earl Home, worried that they should not give the impression that Commonwealth citizens from India, Pakistanistan and Ceylon would be less favourably treated than those from the Dominions otherwise there could be retaliation.
The other thing we made was a rain gauge (see picture). It could not have been easier: cut the top off a plastic water bottle, invert it and place back in the top of the cut bottle, hang it on a fence (or put it wherever it’s likely to collect rain) and wait for the rain to collect. In Perth that’s the hard part but the timing was good for us. A forecast of rain doesn’t not always deliver, but this was an insistent and persistent forecast so we made the rain gauge the day before the forecast rain and, sure enough, down it came. Miss C was so excited that the first thing she did after getting out of bed was to run and check the rain gauge and then measure the amount of water in it.
But if I wasn’t working on all of this, I don’t know what I would be doing. I love to be at the helm of projects, the lady in charge! Plus, this is the perfect opportunity to exhibit all of my Type A personality traits! Organized binder with color coded tabs? Check. Master contact sheet and itemized daily schedule? Check. My job security at the end of this weekend? ….Too soon to tell.
WHO: Rock legend Slash. Slash is more than just a musician. He is an icon. From Guns n’ Roses to Velvet Revolver to the Guitar Hero III video game, Slash has changed the rock landscape with his rough and ready riffs and unforgettable, soulful leads, becoming one of the most recognizable guitarists in the world along the way. His catalog spans several decades and boasts some of rock’s greatest anthems.
The garden is now pretty much ready to start planting things in, although I’ve yet to devise a way of stopping the cats crapping in all that lovely prepared soil as if it was a giant litter tray. I thought large electric fences might work, but I’m sure that would come under some kind of animal cruelty law so am trying the netting from around large bales of hay. One layer doesn’t work and two layers is struggling as they’re still digging through it. Yelling at them isn’t working either. Last year you may recall they scurried around enough in it to displace a percentage of the seedlings I’d taken the time to plant so once again I’m open to suggestions.
Checkered cloth
Once you've negotiated that minefield and you've got 40 kids at your house there's the party games. To be specific pass-the-parcel. Nowadays the host (ie a frantic mum half an hour before the party) is expected to wrap enough layers for everyone to get a chance to unwrap one. Then this farce is strictly controlled by some seriously excellent timing on the stereo by a very stressed out dad. Each layer must also have a prize in it. C'mon people life isn't fair, this is the time we are supposed to be teaching our kids about sportsmanship - It's not whether you win or lose it's how you play the game etc etc
I made this along with the Christmas Stained Glass Jello and the Best Chocolate Sheet Cake. Ever for the Christmas Eve party too! I know, a lot of jello and pudding but they are yummy and melts in the mouth. I love them!
Most of the populace hasn’t an iota of awareness about the giant steps in the collective consciousness that eventually led to the on-going discussions between some of your leaders and representatives of other civilizations.
And then I woke up, thank god. Feeling guilty and weird that I'd dreamed such a thing. That's what I get for watching Bergman's "Scenes from a Marriage"home alone.
B2 Flagellants Protective Custody
Wow I haven't posted an update in such a long time. I guess most people keep up with me in person, or on FB etc now. And I have the writing blog. But I feel the need to write about ME, not writing or my kids so here goes.
Daemon: Everyone has to excel at something, right?
In politics, similarly embarrassing spectacles can be seen, does our Home Secretary, Jackie Smith really believe she can be taken seriously, reading some statement on terrorism or social upheaval, when her exposed cleavage fills most of a wide angle TV screen, or do ambitious ministers like Caroline Flint really expect to be viewed as anything other than a token women when she wears skirts split to areas best left to the contemplation of one's gynaecologist?
And would you believe it? We found a radio store here in Guaymas that ordered a new microphone for us, had it shipped from Chihuahua AND it arrived in two days? Thank you! Thank you! Thank you!
At the request of the Kuumba Collective, a phenomenal group of African American artists, my "Two Faces of Eve" sculpture will be shown in a special breast cancer awareness section of their brand new gallery. "Two Faces of Eve" makes us question whether it is ugly, confusing, erotic, calm, elegance, merely a representation of disease in the body, or a pictorial of how cancer makes women feel going through chemotherapy, or . . . . ? You tell me what you think the sculpture represents.
Can't wait to explore Disneyland with you!!!!!
heyy viewers,
I am very fortunate to live two blocks away from a Papaya King. From this picture, one might jump to the erroneous conclusion that this is a juice place. I’m sure they do serve juice, but this is not the main draw. They serve delicious hot dogs for $1.50! Inside, the walls are shellacked with famous hot dog stats and quotes.
12. You would rather be reading a book than this blog post right now?
I would really appreciate it if you would send me a copy of your creations. I would love to see what you do with them. THANKS!
This a journal of my cycle rides (as if you couldn't guess!!) . I have had many grand plans about cycling instead of using the car but really I cycle for fun. Today's little route is a mix of towns, canals and country, and beaches! Yes we have it all.
When will I die?
We actually visited The Fish Room this past weekend, which is the store we frequented when he was setting up his salt water tank. I actually kind of miss looking around at all the cool little fish in there. Maybe one day we’ll try a salt water again…
worse than anything that could be felt.
8. Like Suicide
A team of scientists at Harvard Medical School in Boston studied 4,000 obese adults and found those who followed the common sense advice were much more likely to lose weight than those who adopted fad slimming regimes, went on liquid diets or bought weight-loss supplements.
“This operation sends a message to communities throughout our state that we are dedicated to public safety and focused on those most likely to commit serious or violent offenses,” said CDCR Adult Parole Operations Director Robert Ambroselli.
Also last night, Ky and I hit up some yoga, which we did, again, in the dark.
Millie Jackson: It Hurts So Good
Third, Jesus knew even at this point, quite some time before the last supper, that Judas Iscariot would betray Him. ”Then Jesus said, ‘I chose the twelve of you, but one is a devil.’ He was speaking of Judas, son of Simon Iscariot, one of the Twelve, who would later betray him.” John 6:70-71. But even though He knew, He did not call Judas out and expel him from the group. He knew that Judas’ betrayal was part of the plan and did not try to avoid it. Though we may not know who will betray us as Jesus did, we do know that there will be those in our lives who will treat us badly or speak ill of us because of our faith. Jesus even warned that His followers would be persecuted and hated because of Him. Just as Jesus allowed things to play out and did not try to avoid Judas’ betrayal, we must continue in our faith and in speaking the truth of Jesus even though it may mean persecution and trouble.
have hung out with protesters against various American injustices, even
But he had enough. He continues to write and play music on his own, with The Pollock Brothers, Megas, and to preserve the oral traditions of Kentucky and Iceland. He sees himself as a creative warrior and has a benevolent need to infiltrate the soulless airwaves with soul. He ends our interview by saying "everything is a gift, one breath, one step at a time."
“Right away, ma’am.”
“Say, what’s in this drink?” (Oh you know, dear girl, the usual: splash of eggnog, dash of Rophenol, on the rocks just the way you like it!)
Place rump roast in the crockpot. Place the baby carrots around it. Chop up onions into quarters. Slice up potatoes into small chunks, and place around the beef. Add mushroom soup and the onion soup mix. Mix about a 1/4 cup of water into the crockpot. Depending upon how thick you like your gravy mix you can add more water. Place crockpot on low for 8 hours. Stirring occasionally. Beef just pulls right apart. Serve with a nice side salad or some garlic bread. You will be coming back for seconds, thirds and fourths.
“But we can?” he asked.
From the Shelves: 5
Next to these guys in line for the Satan’s Spawn title would be insurance salesmen. When my husband and I were newlyweds we had one show up on our doorstep. I swear they scope the neighborhoods looking for new move ins. From the start I knew this guy was a scam artist. He started his sales pitch by telling my husband and I all of his marriage problems. I thought to myself…”Are you selling insurance or needing marriage counseling?” If it was marriage counseling I would have told him his first mistake was telling complete strangers way too much information about his personal life. My husband and I patiently sat through 3 hours of his going on and on about his life. I was about ready to take a bullet just to put myself out of misery. Neither one of us wanted to be mean because of the sad story he had just given us. When he finally got around to selling the insurance, he showed me a list of people who had signed up with him. One name in particular jumped out at me. It was a lady that I had used to work with that had cancer. After the sucker left, I called her and she told me she had no idea who this guy was and that he was lying. He had somewhere gotten medical information about people that he was fraudulently using. We thought we would not see the guy again after we told him we weren’t interested. Nay, nay…a month or so later he showed up as we were leaving. This time I let my husband do his thing and he pretty much told him where to go and how to get there.
I gave Martin the crispy onions from on top of my burger because they were probably dusted in flour and then fried. He told me that it probably wouldn’t matter if I ate them. I do love them. But I told him that weight loss meant a lot to me and that I was really trying hard to stick to the Challenge. He commended me and told me he was proud of me while he ate my onions.
"That's some name..."
I got one complaint with this album. Is it one of his best works? Hell yes. Some critics consider it better than the more popular Purple Rain. It’s even more raunchier than Purple Rain. On Purple Rain, the only thing you hear is about some woman masturbating with a magazine. On 1999, you hear Prince saying he wants to fuck the taste out of some woman’s mouth. Even “Little Red Corvette” is sexually-oriented. The song isn’t really about a car. It’s about intercourse with an extremely experienced female. So what is my complaint? Many of the songs are too damned long. They just go on and on and on, making the listener wish they would end already.
12. Matisyahu "King Without a Crown" 3:38
I used a piece of 12 x 12 designer paper that is black and white from the glitter stack. Hard to see, but the silver lines are glitter. I used a button off of an old jacket of mine that I have had in my sewing box forever.
We spent a long weekend in Cape May, NJ, and arrived home this past Sunday evening. It was nice to get away, the town was as beautiful as always, we climbed lighthouse steps and rode in a horse-drawn carriage and visited a Civil War village and ate far too much food that someone else had prepared and consequently cleaned up. It was fun.
05. Manic Mechanic – 2:36
Opposition Leader Datuk Seri Anwar Ibrahim gave a speech at the rally organised by the independent Bersih movement for election reforms and was accused by some ruling party members and state media of inciting the crowd to break through police barriers.
no worries, sweet syd.
A basket full of our favorite children's books and a few throw pillows tossed on the floor make a comfy little spot to get cozy with a story. Andy and Ava Carmel love to snuggle up here and look at books.
Which brings me to probably my biggest issue with the movie compared to the book, the character’s thoughts. Much of what happens in the book, and much of the information that makes you care about the characters is given to us by allowing us to see into their thoughts. Now, obviously this can’t be done in a movie (without being cheesy), so I understand that this isn’t something that could easily be fixed. Especially when it comes to the instances when we get to see into Cujo’s thoughts in the book. There really is no way that this could be done in a movie, no matter how good the screen writer was or how hard he tried. And to be honest, if they did find a way to do it, I’m not sure it would be something that would be enjoyable to watch (again, the cheesiness factor), so I’m not putting the movie down “per say” for lacking this. What I am saying is that what made the book so good was the insight into the characters thoughts. Knowing what they were thinking and feeling about all of the situations is what made you care for them and root for (or against) them as the action played out. However, just seeing the action play out without knowing any of the thoughts simply makes for a ho-hum movie. This isn’t anything the movie necessarily did wrong, it’s just a plain and simple fact (well, more of an opinion I guess) as to why the movie simply wasn’t as captivating.
tomorrow it is
As it got closer and closer to game time, we began to notice that there were just mobs, hundreds of people, standing along the back fence behind the bleachers without seats. They way, way, way oversell tickets so hundreds of people that come to the games either stand the entire time or sit on the stairs or wherever they can find a spot. It was absolute chaos. When the game actually began, I was standing shoulder to shoulder with Koreans with 2 rows of people standing in front of me and another row of people standing behind me. Before the first inning was even over, we decided to leave. It was so stressful and crowded and frustrating.
I was running a bit late, and by the time I had myself showered, fed, dressed, and a few beers–and by “a few beers” I mean my roommate and I must’ve had like 10 Natty Lights or so each, the plan turned into me meeting TripleF at the bar. I took the subway, and then walked the few blocks to this place I’d never been to–actually, I’d never even heard of it. It was this bar/club called Jacques. Everyone who is familiar with much of Boston is probably now laughing at me.
I hope parents of every kid even thinking about applying to Duke watch this. Before anyone writes a check to Duke Univ. they should know the pap that Duke is "selling."
Raymond Johnson, Clev and Oscar Anders,
Are any of these fabrics STILL in YOUR stash!? Fess up!
But, I digress. This post isn't about raking our practically zombie-ish society over the coals. I also love the movie for another reason. Shiny and leopard print, need I say more?
Anyway - I digress. I recently went back to Dr. Vitale's website and was gratified to see that not only is it still there, but that she's adding new content fairly regularly. Her most recent Essay is a good example of why I found it so helpful - it's called "Post-op +5" (read it here). She writes:
Thousands of books will be on sale for $1--including hardcovers. As written before, there will be live Celtic music. I urge you to come out and help show our gratitude for this local owner who has done so much for his community.
Grown males are no where to be found in this herd. As the male offspring mature (usually about age 14), they leave the herd to live a solitary life or to join male “pods,” coming to the females only to mate. They have nothing to do with this marvelous matriarchal system of raising young. Nope, they are used solely to produce these much-loved babies and to continue the existence of these marvelous creatures…
Here's the video, with the recipe below. I hope you like it!
“Hello”
Barclays has come up with a new way to pick Fund Managers, called ”The Science and Art of Manager Selection,” This New York Times articles gives a synopsis of the report as well as a link too it.
I have been known to let the finer loose a few times
The dialogue sparkles and brings the characters to life. Richly detailed writing and beautiful illustrations allow you to experience the sense of immediacy within story as if you were living it with David and Jenkins.
1 package (3 oz.) cream cheese, softened
Because the backdrop isn’t stunning enough, the Eiffel Tower did its five-minute strobe light spectacular every hour, and there were fireworks over Place de la Concorde (June 18 = when Charles de Gaulle rallied the French to resist the Nazis).
Eye colour mentions in general: 18
which revisits some of the themes that Conroy explored in previous books. Suicide, this time, the suicide of the main character, Leo's thirteen year old brother, is the framework in which Leo struggles to recover and begin again to led his life. Enter another set of twins to engage our sympathies. Reader's prejudices are challenged as we witness the transformation of a loutish high school bully into a football team mate and life-long friend. Leo's friends challenge the norms of the day. He forms an alliance with the first black coach. The coach's son learns to trust Leo and as co-captains, they lead their team to statewide victories. Surprisingly, the father in this novel is a warm, supportive and wise man. In previous novels, Conroy had explored his ambivalent love of his own abusive and dangerous father in his portrayals of fathers. As always, his characters are complex with both flaws and gifts with whom the reader can identify. Lush descriptions make you feel the humidity and smell the marches. The reader is invited to struggle with the great issue of one's faith as Leo plumb's the depths of despair and disbelief and returns to the church from which he ultimately draws comfort and strength.
How can we hope in this world to attain the PEACE we say we are so anxious for
- FightingTheTide
Englisch Oel is the nickname that was given to English ale imported to Germany around the end of the eighteenth and beginning of the nineteenth century.
*Adhere the 4X4 with liquid nails and the occasional nail with nail gun. Filling nail holes on beadboard is not super fun so do it sparingly.
The surfboard "I'd Rather be Surfing!" piece - old wax still covers the surface just perfect for some graffiti.
Who did Dave trust to help him? God.
And doesn’t that guy over in Legal realize that you’re supposed to pay to be in the coffee fund?
Florida State University anthropologist Glen Doranprofessor said the earliest Near East pyramids are dated to about 4,000 B.C. and all New World pyramids are dated after 1 A.D. So any such structure off the coast of Florida would be at least 2,000 years older than all other known pyramids.
Rogers
...Dropping off stray cats!
4. Sew the slit on the back of the neck shut so that the head looks much like an old rubber mask. Drop hot stones into the neck opening of the head and rotate them around continuously. This shrinks and dries the inside without any scorching.
- Colin Towns: claviers, choeurs
I would add just one very important recommendation because our food supply has changed a lot since the 50′s and 60′s…
For New Years, we put the kids to bed, and fell asleep. Rockin' party that was!
AWESOME knitting shops. At Penelope Craft she could see I was having trouble deciding between colourways and offered me the use of her mac to look at my ravelry queue. Now that is someone who understands their customers.
When I looked at the mug I saw 12 years of marriage. Frequent Navy long deployments. Infidelity. Alcoholism. Physical abuse. Mental abuse. Working while he earned his degree. Sacrificing financially. Rehab. Adultery. Humiliation. Lose of friends. Lose of family. This man who had put me through so much figured I was worth $1.00.
You put or take the bags out from under her skirt. I guess we were just to lazy and threw them in the closet.
and though I know I was trying to keep an expressionless face, I can’t help but feel like I smirked.
Below are clips from the interview Margaret Sanger gave to Mike Wallace in 1957. During the interview, the full version of which can be seen here, Sanger talks to Wallace about why she became an advocate for birth control, abortion, stopping so-called overpopulation, and talks about the Catholic Church, and morality.
Throw in a layer of Lynnderella One Nutty Fruitcake, and you have a gorgeous jelly sandwich:
Doerr, who recently finished planting, commented further on the importance of his testimony,“I believe these credit programs and other efforts targeted specifically at new farmers, are very important investments the farm bill can make in ensuring that young farmers like myself have the tools and resources we need to successfully contribute to our local farm economies, spur rural economic development, preserve our natural resource base, and do our part in ensuring our nation’s food security.”
I is humbled.
I hope you’re in a good place in your life or at least working on trying to get there. I’m happy with my life right now. I just moved in with my bf. It’s not much, but I love it here. I feel at home finally. My dog is with me and we plan on getting another. It’s our own type of family we have going on since mine pretty much sucks. I’m still trying to find a job and going to college, but my bf takes good care of me. He’s finally going to teach me to drive and then maybe I can actually go see people who’ve moved away, like you. I still miss you, but I miss you less with every day that passes and we don’t speak. I think it helps that I’m in a good place right now in life and my bf is so loving this time around. I think he’s scared to lose me again so he tries his best to be better than last time which is good. I like being with someone who’s scared to lose me and doesn’t want to let me go. It shows he cares.
2. Portishead
So....my son called my attention to the Emergency Off button located on the wall of the Wendy's restaurant in Huntington, Indiana.
Here we'll talk about the SDHC cards, the most poupular kind.
“What’s the big deal?”
There have been several revelations that have completely changed my life. About 15 years ago, the Lord began telling me to join the worship team at church, and I greatly resisted. My natural tendency is to be shy, and not just a little bit. The first time Jim said something to me while we were in a study group in college, I turned around and left the room! So to be vulnerable standing in front of people and leading worship was not my idea of fun! After resisting God’s prompting for many months, He finally gave me a rhema word. He let me know that shyness was pride, and pride was sin. That hit me like a ton of bricks! I realized that I had been hiding behind what I thought was an acceptable excuse, but that as He revealed, I had made it all about me…what I could and couldn’t do (pride!)… and was rebelliously disobeying God. So I joined the praise team.
Our communication will improve and we’ll get a lot more accomplished if you can clearly tell me what you expect and I make sure I’ve heard you correctly.
She told investigators she flew from the East Coast to Chicago and took a cab to the home she still co-owns with her husband, and was shocked to find that her husband "had hidden everything that would reveal he was married."
1 1/2 tsp arrowroot powder
I’m hoping keeping them in our room will also help with their daytime sleeping schedules, buffering them from the rest of the chaos in the house. And, to be honest, the thought of decorating a nursery isn’t as thrilling as it once was. It’s used for such a short time, and I’m big and tired at this point. :(
We will be creating large quirky tags in Dyan's quintessential eclectic style. Techniques include paints, inks, stamps, sprays, stencils and painting. All finished off with her array of quote stamps. Bring scissors and adhesives. ($50)
buying from the growers ourselves and cutting out
Yn iach adre!”
2. Grease a loose bottomed cake tin & spread the cherries over the base of the tin. Pour over the cake batter & spread our evenly. Bake in the oven at 180c/GM4 for 1hour - 1hour15 until golden brown & firm to touch. (I'd recommend putting a baking tray on the shelf below in case the cherry juice leaks out!)
Well that’s it for now!
After a quick drive around the neighborhood Husband returned home and suggested that I drive around since HB is more likely to respond to me when called. By this time it was 11:40 pm. I drove for 20 minutes up and down the same streets calling his name. I offered treats and the opportunity for a walk, but nothing I said flushed HB from his hiding place. Exhausted, I resigned myself to the fact that the chances of Helicopter Butt returning home on his own were higher than us finding him at midnight in our heavily-wooded neighborhood. I decided that I would put his dog bed and water bowl under the portico and hope that he returned at some point in the night.
We like parts of all of these definitions. In particular, we like a key concept in Rheingold’s quote: “sufficient human feeling.” That’s what makes the connection, the gut, not the brain, the Homer, not the Spock.
If you have answered yes to all of these questions, there is a good chance that you might qualify for status. These criteria can be found on INAC's website here:
-Mix your chipotle puree with the cream, set aside.
Yeah. Me too. I went home. So just remember: I could have met Eddie Izzard, if I wanted to. But I do have the autograph Julia got for me. So that's cool.
I had seen a picture like it and wanted to imitate it. As it turns out, imitating someone is a lot harder then I thought it would be! In a city full of scooters (Rome) I had trouble finding a decent setting to snap away at. Maybe it was because I was trying to be too specific, maybe I was being held back because of the task I had assigned myself, but probably it had something to do with being uninspired to actually do it well. If someone has already done it, what’s the point? Maybe to make it better, or perhaps to add a new element or twist to it. But I wasn’t feeling it, so the picture looks forced (and way over hdr’d, but that’s a post for another day!)
Dark Rustic plaid patterned DP in brown was a RAK from P....
Please Me
J said I came dressed for my own funeral today. I was wearing black, but that’s not the only reason he said it. I was depleted. I had no fight, no will. I don’t know how the session went. I can tell you that it was hard, real hard. I’m just trying to push it all out of my mind and not think about it right now. Because it hurts.
Under the Domestic Animal Act the owner of a cat found at large can be fined $100 for the offence and up to $300 for further infringements.
Paul says, “Don’t Quit!” “I know things aren’t currently Puppy’s and Rainbows, I know that life is hard but if we persevere and push through we will gain our reward!” Likewise I want you to remember the same thing; don’t allow discouragement to keep you from being the person God wants you to be.
10. “Elegy For Dunkirk” featuring Olivia Safe
Slow cooked jerk pork with fiery greens and rice
Sigourney Weaver (Working Girl)
The photographs extend his Four Horseman of the Apocalypse series. Again, we have isolated figures in stadiums on basketball courts, but unlike the video work which has a creepy, spectral feel, the figures in the photographs take on sort of prophetic magnitude. With the crowd trained on them, they appear as figures with answers. The best photo work of the show is of a child, born aloft and focused upon by spectators and cameras. In reality, this must be the son of a star basketball player. In Pfeiffer’s world, the little boy’s presence is amped and exalted like a golden calf.
In the last year on staff with YWAM Louisville, I recognized the pattern of growth and of Him preparing me for such time as this. And now during this season, as I’m following Jesus closely, and at the same time discipling others, I sense that God is preparing me now for what will be required of me later. Something new, something big and somewhere adventurous, He’ll be coming alongside with me and carry me, not just sending me out.
And, tada, the final results! Look at that buttery top... yum!
So not a lot of writing has got done..or anything at all really. Normal service will be resumed as soon as possible. In the meantime you may wish to catch up on the excitement in the village here on our local community blog.
I feel like the Zoo and I have been moving for eternity, bouncing from place to place in Stockton. Through the past few months I have bought and sold more additions than I care to mention, but the good news is that we now have an official (free) website that allows me to keep a virtual store and more- but the problem is that I have lacked the desire to rewrite care sheets and bug hunting info.
We now have a situation. We have brains that are evolved to peacefully live with about 200 people, yet we are in contact with hundred and thousands of new people every day. It doesn't take an anthropologist to see why our brains might have a meltdown and why some people misbehave. This perspective certainly doesn't jive well with mainstream views in social media. Social media takes on the perspective that we should have bigger and stronger social networks. HUGE social networks of people are what is important to personal brands and product brands. However, this perspective is not how our brains are designed to function.
The smart and easy thing to do is quit the relationship and then query. After all, what if you're querying at about the same time your agent decides to start talking to editors about your book? Suddenly you're not going to have much of a project to talk to agents about since by that time it will have been shopped.
Guidelines for Stewards will incorporate the use of a range of sanctions, including verbal warnings and yellow cards for riders who transgress. Stewards will also be readvised to watch out for signs of distress in the horse, which may include but are not limited to obvious fatigue, profound or inappropriate sweating, persistent rough use of aids (i.e. bits, spurs or whip) and over-repetition of exercises.
Home is where the heart is. Home is where the art is. …
1 1/2 cups skim milk
This way I will only find out what I need to know. The danger of blanket research in advance of writing is that, not knowing what you want to know, you end up with masses of material which is strictly speaking superfluous to your story but which, because you’ve worked so hard to get it, you are tempted to put in. We’ve all read the kind of novel where the narrative keeps on taking a rest so that the author can give us a little lecture. It’s like those television plays in which, having spent a lot of time and money on getting to some exotic location, the producer forgets that scenery is background and the whole thing metamorphoses into an artistic centaur, half plodding drama, half ambling travelogue. Selectivity is all. Writing is like painting: a highlight here, a touch of colour there, can suggest more than an album of photographs can show.’
So, I was happy about it when Livie in The Ninth Step—and again this may sound contrived—when she herself told me of her interest in the language of flowers, that she knew it well enough to teach it to someone else. For her that someone was Cotton, the man whom she thought was the love of her life, but who turned out to be heartbreakingly human, instead, or a selfish coward, depending on how you view him. In any case, Livie’s interest sent me on a journey of discovery.
Carr scored number 3 on the Billboard 100 and #2 in the UK & AUS with this single in 1966.
My brother…he will be 21 years old in a month, he’s never had a job, he failed out of a community college, and he just sits at home all the time playing Xbox. My parents bought him a truck, paid for all his college he failed at, bought him a dirtbike, and let him sit on his ass while they do work around the house.
boyfriend kept sending messages urging me to reconcile with her, but I
Another boy-girl duo - Summer Camp are Jeremy Warmsley and Elizabeth Sankey and this sunny pop track is from their debut EP "Young" on Moshi Moshi Records.
And what will be the end result? The potential of the marketing program is not reached and the income generated will be a lot lower than you were thinking initially. In this case, you’ll find yourself in doubt wondering if it is something wrong with the marketing plan, with the product, with the company or with how you are doing the business.
Eyes that sparkle when he laughs
Lisa opens the pack of love hearts and then holds the small circles of candy in her hands before lifting one up so that we can both see what's written on it.
He looked like all life had been sucked dry from his being.
Writing is like painting or drawing. You don’t become good at it overnight, or just because you took some classes or whatever. A friend told me her drawings looked like a six year old’s drawings, because she had stopped drawing at that age, and the reason my drawings were so good was that I had continued drawing, I had spent several probably thousands of hours drawing, when she had not.
More recently, in the very early 20th Century, Nordicism began to evolve in Germany and in the US and the UK. I once had a copy of a proto-Nazi book by a German race scientist delineating all of the races in Europe and the surrounding area detailed down to the last detail. It was published in 1918.
It's a simple yet elegant and bright card that can be used for any occasion. I like to leave them blank so that when I need a card I can pull from my stash and personalize it. Thanks for stopping by and hope you liked my take on the challenge.
Here is when we first showed up. I told him to cover his ears til I placed ear muffs on him. Hanging out with Aunt Celeste. She lives in New Jersey so she only gets to see her nephew once a year.
8. ENGLISH PALE ALE
Okay. Time for a confession. I have often been accused of inkshed – too many words, Becky!—but I doggedly continue to wield my ink-laden weapon with relish. Does that make me an Inkster? Perhaps…but then I kinda like the sound of that word. It’s a bit like being called a character, something that has always tickled me because I LOVE the characters that I write about.
13) Bikeage
Please excuse my awkward before picture! I meant to take a composed picture but realized right as I was about to get shampooed and transform into a wet dog that I forgot to take this said fancy before picture! eeek! So what do I do? I whip out my phone and take the picture at the last possible second like the true procrastinator I am. I guess looking like a total dweeb is the cost of procrastination. oh wells!
He's not respected by most of the governors along the Gulf Coast.
Even no less an authority than the Beatles were hard pressed to care one way or the other.
for labor assignment, 195;
I get this question alot with my clients
Patches of Pink Design Team post for April is a "Baby Theme" I am sooo excited about this post, Babies are one of my favorite things to craft about. I created two cute baby cards all dressed up and ready to go out for the evening. I used Stretch Your Imagination and the cricut sampler cart. I cut the baby out twice in the shadow feature, flipped one side then used my gypsy to welded the rattle and the card together. I think they came out adorable.
Poison is probably one of the worst contributors to my spring/summer time life. Being that it grows wild anywhere it decides it wants to. In the summer I garden and have flower beds and pick wild berries and asparagus, poison is EVERYwhere here on the farm and I usually can’t go a year without getting it. It’s a HUGE pest, as a matter of fact last year I had to quit my exercise regiment for almost 2 weeks because I had it so bad and every time I would sweat it would spread. It’s terribly itchy and uncomfortable and can cause huge problems if it spreads to more sensitive areas of your body like your mouth, eyes, nose etc. Look for more information about these plants here. Here is a picture of my arm from last year.
With Brown out of the picture, but going strong with Jim O'Rourke, by now a fixed asset, the mini-album (15 minute), is propelled by hardcore spasms but in between the music is shapeless magma of guitars and percussions. The shorter pieces of the album are throwaways, but the longer ones contributed to define a new vision at the border between rock, folk and jazz.Mirror Repair (Drag City, 1994) is another sequence of staggering experiments, moderated by the lyric sensitivity of Grubbs. The protracted Eight Corners tests the dimension of the piano romance in minor tones, interspersed with lean roars and screeches of wind instruments. The two merge with the guitars in Dictionary Of Handwriting, starting in the vein of Henry Kaiser's free form aphorisms and ending with a more energetic pace.
I love looking through pictures of the different homes we've lived in since my husband and I were married and seeing how my style has evolved over the past 9 years. I thought it would be fun to do a series of posts showing how each room has changed with each house, starting with the living room.
On each page, each truck and the word that describes what the truck does (i.e. dig, plow, sweep, roll, etc.) gets bigger and bigger. There are very few words in the book, in fact only a single word on the margin of most pages describes each trucks function, allowing children to focus on the action taking place in the picture.
Well, here we are again, catching up. Where does the time go? I’ve been busy gardening/farming/socialising/shopping!
If you heard distant screams yesterday, it was probably me while I was trying to staple the fabric to the frame. For some reason, two of the sides were very hard to get the staples to go into all the way. I tried hammering them in the rest of the way, but no matter how softly or hard I tapped, they would bend. I kept thinking that it never looks this hard on all those home improvement shows I see on TV. I never see a pile of mutilated staples next to them while they are recovering something. What was wrong with me? I was actually sweating from using a staple gun!
With that said, November is going to be a GLORIO day for music! If you haven’t heard any of Two-Mix’s songs, you can check out Josh Totman’s Daily Dose where he shares their glorious greatness.
Two other former factory/warehouse buildings in the project footprint, 636 Pacific Street and 24 Sixth Avenue, were turned into housing, as was the former Daily News printing plant, now the Newswalk Building, on the block between Pacific and Dean streets that was cut out of the project (see plan diagram above).
The doors open.
Pops and I both must have been exhausted from the events of the day before, because we both slept late into the morning, or at least late for a school day. When I finally woke up, I looked over to the clock and it was already almost 10:00AM. I jumped up, rushed to put on clothes, and went racing down the stairs to the kitchen. Pops was sitting at the table drinking his morning coffee, ‘Morning, are you ready to go see your brother?’ he asked. ‘Yes sir, have you talked to the nurses, how’s he doing?’ I asked. ‘No I haven’t, I thought we would go down there, ask and see for ourselves,’ he answered. Pops poured out the last of his coffee into the sink and we left, Toby sitting at the door as we closed it.
Taa Daa It's a £10 Voucher, for your choice of goodies from Squiggle Stamps, will it be rubba or digis the winner will go for?
Laura Ryan, head of the Limerick Communications Office stated: “Mr Hook’s attempt at humour . . . was a bit crass and ill-advised. It crossed the line between a bit of banter and a cheap jibe and was just completely unnecessary.”
when we are more reflective, and seem more aware of
“We had a real set back with the apparent demise of BookForce in the UK. We had been dealing with them as a production house for more than a year and things went well, then as a result of our meeting at Frankfurt last year we signed up for Virtual Distribution in November, which meant that from then on orders from UK Wholesalers went direct to them instead of via ourselves. We continued to send them orders which we received via our website, but around Mid-January this year we started to get complaints of non-delivery of orders. BookForce became creative with excuses (even up to MD level) as to why they didn't deliver despite having been paid for orders. In the end they 'disappeared' not answering phones or emails. We also lost three months of sales in the UK since we had been used to sales of around 250.00 Euros a month, but never received any payments from BookForce for November, December and January.
On Friday, IAMSIX Promotions and Hardcore Media 316 are presenting This City Awaits at Rock Bottom on the Eastern Blvd. The Texas-based band is touring through the area. Openers include My Hearts Cry and local band Creep List. It starts at 7 p.m. $10 at the door.
Made of polymer clay they 1/12th scale. Ms Cassandra is 6 1/2 inches to the top of her hat.
How can I love Cassel so much despite his con games, despite his mob family, despite his lies? Because at heart he's trying so hard to be loyal and make the right decisions even in the face of deception, betrayal and threats from all sides--the kind of experiences that would make most of us hide under the covers and never come out. He keeps trying to fix the messes, and the author keeps digging him in deeper.
Texas is home to scorpions, tarantulas, giant cicadas, fire ants, termites, cockroaches, assassin bugs, giant water bugs, stick insects, horned stag beetles and all kinds of terrifying monsters with too many legs for their own good. The worst of the worst is a big, fat, brown and black spider. It's ugly and aggressive and it's EVERYWHERE. But the scariest thing about it is its name:
Most years our annual outdoor affairs were graduation celebrations; with nine children, it’s a fairly good bet that someone is graduating from something come June. This year was one of the few marking no milestones in the educational careers of the fruits of my loins, so the party was, in the words of my beloved, "just for fun". "We can't go a year without a party - everyone looks forward to them," she intoned, and I reluctantly agreed, anticipating the last-minute flurry of vacuums, dusting, mowing and shopping.
That's all the news i have for now, hopefully more to come over the next week.
I am proud to welcome Dr. Katherine Ramsland as a guest on my blog. Dr. Ramsland has published 33 books and teaches forensic psychology and criminal justice at DeSales University, where she chairs the Social Sciences Department. Among her books are Inside the Minds of Serial Killers, The Human Predator (a history of serial murder), The Criminal Mind, and The Unknown Darkness, with former FBI profiler Gregg McCrary. In April, she will published The Devil’s Dozen: How Cutting Edge Forensics Took Down 12 Notorious Serial Killers. She has also written a series of books to clarify facts about investigations, notably The Forensic Science of CSI, the Science of Cold Case Files, The CSI Effect, and True Stories of CSI. Later this year, she offers The Life of a Forensic Scientist, with Dr. Henry Lee and The Forensic Psychology of Criminal Minds. Dr. Ramsland writes:
Well just in case you haven't heard....The second of the 3 giveaways I am doing for my Birthday month is going on NOW! All the entries are so Amazing so far so keep posting and letting me know which you all loves BEST! There will be three winners selected. Here are the Contest Rules:
You'd have to be living under a rock not to have heard about this title. But just in case you have been, here is a link to get you up to speed. It's been in all the publishing news as of late. It's an erotica novel that started life as Twilight fan fiction and then went viral a couple of weeks ago. So there was a big publishing deal and then the movie rights sold just this week.
the weather is rainy and cool and i think we will have early winter here..
The sixth strand is held by the citrine and vibrates to the number six. This is also connected to the sun chakra which we recently gave information on, as well as your higher self’s energy, and your soul energy. This strand is responsible for showing you where you have disconnected your self on a soul level. It shows you loud and clear where you have given your power to your lower ego. It will highLight this, and as you activate this strand it is about re-uniting all of these aspects of yourself so you can live your life in balance, united, masculine and feminine energies.
The first photo is to give you an idea of how large this herd was (I suspect it was many herds, but I'm not elk expert). This is maybe 1/4 of the elk out there, if that much.
Milestone #1. For the first time ever, I did a full set (3 x 10 reps) of bench presses with over 100 pounds of weight. It was 105 pounds, to be precise – 30 pounds on each end of the bar, and the bar itself is 45. Woo-hoo!
Option #3 is black. We have black on the pillow, and the mirror to the left. We also have a flat screen TV hanging on the opposite wall that is black. There is some black in the panel on the curtains as well.
Currently there is around 226,000 registered library members in the ACT, with only 61% per cent having registered their email address and 43% their mobile phone number.
Because there are so many somewhat competitive seats on each side of the ledger there really is an extremely wide range of possibilities for what could happen next year. Certainly in the last few election cycles most of the close races have all ended up going in one direction or another so you could see Republicans whittle the number of Democratic seats down to the low 50s if they have a good year as expected but if somehow things get turned around for Democrats to have a good year they could climb up well into the mid 60s.
Commonly Asked Questions About Country Gourmet Home Products…
She with thin form presently drest in black,
Now if only people who have no actual experience or understanding of unschooling would stop pretending they do, it would make it much easier for people just discovering it to gain a solid understanding of what unschooling really is.
Unley Council, which has been forced to collect almost $4million from Unley ratepayers on behalf of the Natural Resources Management Board in the past six years, has renewed its call for the unpopular “levy” to be removed from the Local Government sector and transferred to State Government.
Mouth agape. Eyes wide. Breath captured. Heart skipping.
And forever they will say,
She ran downstairs, hoping to see that overnight Christmas had somehow magically arrived and there would be a tree and presents just like before. But there was no tree and no presents. Emily sat down, crying. Why did all these bad things happen to their family? And why didn't Santa come last night? Did he forget that she, Emily still lived here and had sent her Christmas list to him?
With her very serious bat pose lol!
Then form the mixture into balls, whatever size you want, remembering that they will shrink a bit. You can now put them in the fridge for 30 minutes to firm up, or continue on to the next stage.
It is a vicious circle: exercise, get bad RLS, take sleeping tablet, wake up exhausted, too tired to exercise, lay around, eat comfort food, feel bad/anxious, get RLS.... it goes on. I am going to talk to the doctor about it on Friday. Now that I know that my thyroid function is fine (my blood work came back all good), I can now look into this issue.
We all have our different body types, but it didn't look like O'neal spent the necessary time a professional athlete should have on his body as other great centers did like a David Robinson. I wonder how much more dominant Shaq could have been had he worked to keep his body in peak conditioning. How many more injuries could have been prevented at at what level he could have performed at had he worked to keep his body in better physical condition. Let's face it, that "Shaq Versus" show was entertaining, but it really was the cross-training workout he was touting.
To avoid falling into fallacies, a conservative would need to argue that the traditional value are better than the liberal alternatives based on grounds other than mere tradition. That is, they need to show that the traditional values (as they see them) are good, rather than saying that they are good because they are traditional. Of course, this would make such people contingent conservatives. After all, their commitment would be to what is good rather than what is merely traditional and this would leave open the possibility that they could accept “liberal” values as good. Unless, of course, it is a matter of necessity that traditional values are always better than the liberal values. The challenge then, obviously enough, is to account for the initial goodness of today’s conservative values-after all, there are various much older values that they replaced.
gaffe is not a new word but has had a good lease of life in recent years. It's become the stand-by term for an error of speech or any kind of error, particularly used of politicians, who make 'gaffes' by saying that they've eaten a pasty (see above) or that they are devoted to their wives and family which of course would make them utterly electable...until someone finds out that they're not. (Devoted, electable or both.). Then they get elected, anyway.
It can be harder than it sounds though so let me give you the tips to help make sure this happens.
May 03 1:28 AM
If I go to the big store I usually get a couple of extra tokens. One says 'get money off by shopping online' and the other one tells me if I'm a winner or a loser that particular week.
Y - Yummy food you make: lasagna.
Through the first half of the 20th century, during which more anorexia cases as well as cases involving episodes of binge-eating and purging were recorded, beauty and body-image were never discussed. The DSM did not recognize image disturbance as part of the disorder until the 1980 edition; Hilde Bruch’s groundbreaking book The Golden Cage mentioned “the relentless pursuit of excessive thinness” (Bruch, H., 1978), but did not equate thinness with beauty, instead emphasizing control, perfectionism, and familiar influences. Even at present, diagnostic criteria mentioning body preoccupation and phobia of weight gain do not link either to desire for beauty or cultural standards.
He said that he chose PKR and Pakatan Rakyat because he hoped it would one day form the alternative government.
There is no case, therefore Bullock did nothing illegal. Eh? Surprise!
And then he had to go and ruin it by being married to a super talented and gorgeous wife who interned for Kelly Wearstler and designed him this *insanely* amazing house:
My parents live out of state and so does my sister. I have no family, really where I live. I’m sort of used to it, so by not having to deal with my family on a regular basis, once again, when I see them it’s all about enjoying the moment. The longer I stay, the more prone I am to becoming nuts and then mean.
I am not anti-vampire stories for grown-ups, even though they have multiplied ad nauseum in recent years for obvious reasons. I have seen the Twilight movies. I even used to watch re-runs of Dark Shadows years ago. They are fairy tales, not much more than that. But it is undeniable that there is more darkness in bookstores now, which I mean in both the literal and the spiritual sense of the word. There are whole sections for both young and older adults that are full of dark-hued covers. Vampire books and the like. It is obvious when you’ve stumbled into the creepy section of your Books-a-Million. All of it is ultimately thanks to Edward Cullen, the fictional vampire character whose existence in the literary world has spawned zillions of copycats, and whose smoldering gaze and glittering skin have caused an entire generation of teenage girls to swoon.
“Oh. Um. Sorry about that. And thanks,” Creme said, embarrassed. How foolish she felt, having to be rescued from her own spell. But wasn’t it really Brulee’s fault for making her practice, anyway?
Second…I need a job. Like yesterday…and for a lot of reasons. First reason, I am getting incredibly lazy. My days are starting at noon or later and I sleep constantly. My house fluctuates between a cover for Home & Gardens and a what the hell happened here kind of chaos. Going to the mailbox is an effort and I justify this incredibly laziness by saying I have no man, no child and no job…so who knows and who cares? Second reason, I want a vacation this year. A real vacation where I board a plane to someplace I have never been and check into a hotel and everyone who sees me knows I am a tourist. My destination this year is Memphis, Tennessee. Seattle was the first choice but Memphis has lots I want to see also: The Civil Rights Museum at The Lorraine Motel (where Martin Luther King, Jr. was assassinated); Graceland (ELVIS!) and the Musical Walk of Fame. Besides, I can get a roundtrip plane ticket for under $400 to get to Memphis…Seattle would be a tad more costly. Third, I am spending money as if it grows on trees. Granted it is all clearance priced and huge discounts on shipping/handling, but I need to put the brakes on such things…24/7 of online and television shopping is not conducive to my pocketbook (ironic statement as I am debating BIG TIME a Madi Claire handbag that has my name written all over it). I have bought more rings than I have fingers, I am running out wrist space for my bracelets and the clothes?? I am the best dressed unemployed chick in America. I have no doubt about that. The fourth reason is the mutually beneficial dates are becoming more trouble than they are worth.
Old World Breaking into the NASCAR Scene? Yup!
In the beginning, God made a human from hummus, a human made in Hir own image. The Rabbis tell us this human had no gender—or all genders—just like God. Then God pulled the human apart, from the side, top to bottom, and there were two, male and female as Ze made them. The Scripture goes on to tell us this is why a man leaves his family and cleaves to his wife—that they, together, make a whole. But, not all of us pull apart the same way. Some of us have a piece or two that reminds of the whole we were before. We have a brain or a body or a nagging sense of something lost. In the moments between sleep and waking we remember the wholeness and the dream trails our days and we long to embody that wholeness in our own flesh.
Know Your People
The cause of her death is unclear, but police have launched an investigation. Detectives said paramedics unsuccessfully tried to resuscitate the singer, who was pronounced dead at 3.55pm local time.
Introduction by Ekaterina Sedia
Olive oil (extra virgin is preferred)
Saameira: Is that what you really want?
I studied hard for my pregnancy, too! I read everything I could get my hands on about pregnancy and childbirth so I could understand precisely what my body was doing and what I should be eating, and I followed diligently the map of my growing baby's journey, savoring the awareness of each moment. It's not that I wanted to freeze time; I wanted to fully experience every moment of this miraculous thing I was getting to go through. The overwhelming feeling I had (and still have) is how amazed and honored I felt to be experiencing all this.
Of course, we are INSISTING on a miracle for Danielle's health, but those bills still pile up.
In the past thirty years or so you can probably list quite a few records that are “instant classics” in various genres (again, won’t even try to start naming them). But over time I am starting to get the feeling that the wrong album is being championed to the forefront of “alternative” rock classics: Nirvana’s Nevermind. Now before I go on let me please state that I am a fan of the band and the album and in no way, shape, or form am I trying to devalue the record’s greatness. Like many other classic albums, it’s pretty much agreed upon that Nevermind was a game changer. The issue is, I think people are forgetting that perhaps an even greater and more influential album was released a few years earlier than Nevermind. An album that in hindsight seems almost more groundbreaking than it did when it was first released. An album that, unlike the claim by many that Nevermind was the “death of hair metal” actually was the beginning of the end of it. The album I am referring to is Jane’s Addiction’s Nothing’s Shocking.
With the food he's spread about
It is interesting how this drug stuff is supposed to be just her business (alanon) but it has had a tremendous impact on my reputation and standing in this community. Actually, my community seems to be a lot more forgiving than my bad old job was.
Here are open-ended questions that encourage conversation:
This is not original! – the US, Canada and Australia have started off this concept after it was commenced in Memphis, US. Each nation seems to be adapting it, but this pilot would appear to be the first time the UK have considered it and after six years of trying to give it a go, I’m really excited by what it may achieve.
Another exceptional interpretation of an Italian "nouvo" classic from Food & Wine Magazine.
Dried green beans are commonly used to make dessert by processing them into flour. This flour is then churned into delicious dessert , one such dessert is Koleh Koleh (Green Bean Pudding).
If you were visiting my blog last year, you might remember when I posted some work by Montana artist/photographer Jean Albus. Click here to see those posts.
Sometimes up.
An aside here, for the kind of people who find solace in Fleming’s “humor:” Going on and on and on about liberals thinking they’re SO SMART but are really just a bunch of dumb poo-poo heads reveals more about your insecurities that it does any imaginary chink in the liberal armor.
This is the story of metaphysicist George Meek, and his contact with deceased engineer George Mueller (right). Meek was a seeker who travelled the world in search of mystic energies, crossing through the Far East several times before settling down with his wife in Florida. His life story is a long and strange one, but the chapter on EVP is most likely the strangest. From 'The Research of George W. Meek', by Mark Macy:
I then added 3 pearl flowers
1. Community Helper Change-up (where you can move 1/3 of page to give the helper a different hat, head, or clothes.
Salamander Energy plc’s News Details, B8/38 20
You want a stupid idea? Ask a crowd.
for all of the girls of the card line is the city.
‘She self-discharged,’ says Control. ‘A CPN made contact back at the address today and says she’s taken another overdose.’
The advanced VoiceOver feature helps you find the song you are looking for quickly and efficiently by speaking the names of son…
With seven books, eight films, and millions of fans across the globe, Harry Potter has undoubtedly become an entertainment phenomenon over the past fifteen years. It’s a franchise that has captivated the minds of many with its tales of the young boy wizard and his magical friends, and as a result it has turned one woman into a multi-millionaire… or billionaire… or perhaps even a zillionaire. The point is, it’s made J.K. Rowling one very wealthy author and she’s probably rolling around in a massive pile of money as we speak, simply because she can.
There is much to commend this perspectives book for. Overall it is clear. The challenging remarks are respectful. It was good to see that each contributor had the opportunity to respond to the criticisms of the others. Each contributor had a deep respect for the authority of Scripture and sought to show how their view supported that belief the best. Three of the four chapters presenting the respective view were a bit long and I think some could have been cut out and still been satisfying to the reader and the writer.
Oddly, I have found that most people do not do this universally; that is to say, they do not treat everyone this way, just certain people. The most common delineation? Age.
Serving the Flans
By the 1930s lavish, ornamental cocktail garnishes had mostly disappeared and the introduction of juice to the cocktail was no longer a novelty. The crusta was almost a hundred years old after all and must have been looking a bit long in the tooth. Cocktail culture, then as now, has always revolved around what's new and different, even when a recipe is simply a rediscovered gem. Though the crusta was still bumbling around the continent, as evidenced by its inclusion in Robert Vermiere's Cocktails and How to Mix Them (1922) and Harry McElhone's Barflies and Cocktails (1927), given the voluminous number of cocktails available, its popularity may have been on the wane.
The reason that Julie won last year was because it made for a better story. She’s the stay at home mum who showed Australia that anybody could come out and have a go. It’s a simple formula that applies to any show where the judges get the final say on who’s sent home. When you’ve got a line up of ten contestants and five of them have to go home ask yourself ‘who makes better TV?’ Adele with her shaky hands and her nerves make great TV. Jason and his sweaty forehead don’t.
Yellow check card - from my stash
I don't really think any further comment is necessary.
and i did.
1 lacquered
Which in turn makes this whole ride back west suck.
“These extraordinary honorees (have) challenged us … inspired us, and they’ve made the world a better place”, said the President.
The main character Emma was awesome-- independent, feisty, and snarky to the point of making me giggle throughout the entire book, I loved her! As the story begins, Emma has just faced a horrible tragedy involving a shark attack. Around the same time, a mysterious (and gorgeous) guy named Galen starts following her around. Before long, Emma is starting to realize that something is very different about her since the attack... and Galen knows something about her that she doesn't!
Dad went through the garage but rather than follow suit, I waited for him to unlock the front door. Call it silly or superstitious, but I wanted to start this off on the right foot, and I certainly wasn’t going to access my new home through an out-of-the-way side entrance. I stepped up into the house and felt awe. The windows were beautiful, the ceiling twenty feet high, the sunlight filtered in just the right amount to gorgeously illuminate the interior.
I'm off to eat feijoa's. What are feijoa's? They are yum. I shall tell you about them tomorrow. ;)
We created a platform where NLA clients can self-publish their content within a supported environment. This is not a publishing house.
"You common cry of curs! whose breath I hate
My heart swelled. What on Earth did I do to deserve such a sweet little boy? I am soaking up these last few weeks with him as our "only" child, knowing that he will be such a sweet big brother.
Out of the grit of our own souls, we can reach His heart, and feel Him reaching for ours. No matter the pain of our past, present, or future, God is there for us. He is able. Best of all, He is willing. "My soul glorifies the Lord this Christmas!"
Yesterday i had the added fun of a washing machine hose coming off with already a heap of laundry to do i will keep on with that too. This old house has a few quirks one of them being the washing machine dumps from a hose onto my driveway and into the pasture. Have you ever heard of such a thing in this day?? Anyhow when the weather is cold i don't do laundry as the water will turn not only my driveway into a ice rink but an area of the pasture. I sure don't want my horses falling on ice i created from laods of wash.
morphed into showing some befores and afters of
Paul being the determined person that he is has spent the past half hour fishing, it is absolutely freezing out there so I think he is mad over the last couple of days he has caught one fish. Words really do fail me but if it keeps an old man happy who am I to comment…..
Anyway, instead of giving up blogging, I have decided to give new life to it instead by utilizing both blogs in their own way.
Seriously ya'll if you are looking to supplement or replace your income THIS company is where it's at. My customers are losing 3 to 6 inches after 1 wrap. I am making a good part time salary after just 2 weeks, working completely from home. I am shooting for diamond though, which will pay $10,000 if I hit it by June 30th. Yes you read that right 10K. I would love talking to anyone interested! It will change your life.
And since your house is far, and lust is near
Risell and a group of investors purchased the Lion Brewery in November 2007. Together, they have facilitated the brewery's growth without sacrificing any of its work force, which consists of about 175 people. They have focused on restoring the roar of Lionshead and Stegmaier beer brands. They also pack for a number of customers, including other beer brands and soda.
‘However, there is still work to be done and we will carry on campaigning to make sure that the detail in the final Bill will truly deliver reform.’
This seemed to be true. DD#1 was thumping her tail on the cement and licking Bug’s hand whenever she could.
Kate is sad, "Tell me I'm gonna see you again."
Post something Ninja-related to your blogs during the Nine Days of the Ninja. Send the link to me at stevemillermail@gmail.com, and I will list in in a Nine Days of the Ninja index post (The Ninjex?). Anything is fair game. Reviews of movies, cartoons/anime, and comics featuring Ninja and/or posts featuring information about the creators of such stuff, or just pictures of Ninja doing their thing--flipping out and killing things--are acceptable subjects. If you have existing posts, you can send me the links ahead of time, and I will link to the best of those as well.
#18 1967 Bob Foelpoe (sp?) EP Austin 440 Yards 47.8
1 thoughtfully
to make up for their crimes. I don’t care about protesters or the politicians
Not sure whether this really works too well but I think it looks quite colourful and would certainly qualify as "different" photography. Well I thought that until I was told by B that the idea of taking pictures through sunglasses has been shown on the kids art programme, SMART, a week or so ago! I wonder if my son is going to want to try this out at some point.
But really, adults are cool too. Just not as cool as little people. Or as good-looking as that hunk in the photo.
The organization works with the United Nations Development Program, the World Economic Forum, the Administrative Center for China’s Agenda 21, the U.S. Department of Energy, and other high-profile institutions, agencies and governments to advance the global climate agenda. And it promotes the implementation of global-warming schemes through “sub-national” levels of government — among other things.
Longing for anything
A second difference is that the ‘dream’ world and the ‘waking’ world appear to have completely different rules or laws. In the ‘dream’ world, people can fly, the dead can walk, cartoons and TV characters can come to life, politicians can tell the truth, and even stranger things can happen that simply do not occur in the ‘waking’ world. In stark contrast, these things do not happen in the ‘waking’ world.
which I do declare is really neat.
“I think the drivers and the engineers enjoy the tricky technical challenge of Barcelona’s Circuit de Catalunya. You really operate your set-up on fine limits around here: every team’s balance is so refined that even the slightest imperfections become highlighted. Get it right and you tend to have a serene afternoon, get it wrong and you’ll be hitting trouble, and traffic, throughout the race.
Once again it's hard to know who will go. This time I'm leaning toward possibly Gladys, but it could be Gavin. Uh oh, Tom said that Melissa injured herself and went to the hospital to be checked out. Hope she is OK. Also hope Maria will be.
Going back to the sports I mentioned, F1 is the most technically advanced and demanding of everybody involved.
... yes, that's back to normal. Wow. That's totally different. Show me again?
South Africa has crashed and we are only now seeing, feeling, living and experiencing the effects thereof. SA was on the road to collapse in 1989 already when FW de Klerk started his capitulation and finally crashed in the 1990's under Nelson Mandela who was not a leader, he was not a President, he was not a manager, he was nothing other than a mere media-made icon, a mantle-piece, all for the show and were polished on the outside only.
2009-10 Upper Deck Basketball
FreeRice: Play the game that has become a worldwide phenomenon, where every right answer donates rice to people in need! It’s super easy and kinda fun – We donated 300 grains of rice in about 5 minutes!
280And dawning grace is op'ning on my soul:
And tells the poor: friend, you can come fast with me.
Third, I want to write about it more often. I want to tell you more about how God is speaking to me in this area. I want to give you the chance to grow and be stretched along with me (see how nicely I share!)
93. I Confess
6-You go away on holiday.
Although the immediate consequence of competition and centralization is success, its ultimate effect is degradation. The usurer, whose whole view is economic, is at once the most complete product of civilization and the most limited and ignoble type of man. "To this money-making attribute all else has been sacrificed, and the modern capitalist thinks in terms of money more exclusively than the French aristocrat or lawyer before the French Revolution ever thought in terms of caste." Too stupid even to realize the necessity for reverencing and obeying the law that shelters him from social revolution, the
profit and mayhem; but always profit; but we continue to expose the
3/13/2012 El Paso, TX – TBA
202. Upcoming trip to Disneyland - my first time to Disneyland, and my first time on a jet!
We bought a show bag from Diego's who make great corn-based tortillas and now their new tortilla crumbs too. I think they've been dropped from the two major supermarkets which is a shame because sometimes I go to 3 supermarkets and still can't find any corn tortillas. I also bought a bottle of Louisiana Gold Green Sauce which is really good.
Point being... always give your story a rest and then go back to it fresh. You will usually see things you can make better.
I often find that the intensity flavor varies by flower. You may want to add more water if the drink is a bit too intense.
“And running under a certain island which is called Clauda, we had much work to come by the boat.” The storm, called Euroclydon, drove the ship to the south side of theisland ofClauda. Now Clauda is west and a bit south of Fair Havens. That we had mentioned in verse 8. Phoenice orPhoenix was mentioned in verse 12 and Clauda is almost directly south of that city on the isle ofCrete.
Well, given all that I've just said, and since there is no one answer... why don't you tell me?
One of my friends had given me these pics only recently. I am surrounded by both family & friends who don't scrapbook!!!! I just don't get it. How could you have lovely pics like this & not want to showcase them by scrapbooking them? I just don't get it. I have only one scrapbooking friend, all the rest are just not interested & are happy for me to do it for them!!!! Anyway, I suppose it is my good fortune as I have this never ending supply of photos.
VIJAYA: She is a leader, a captain, and her responsibility is to keep crew and passengers alive and well. But she also hide deep wounds. She didn’t do so good in her private life. She is fleeing from an overbearing father and running away from a disastrous marriage. She swore she would never let a strong man control her life again. Yet she is a lover and an optimist to a fault. She wants to believe that this planet is their lucky break despite the tragedy that befell them. It takes her a while to realize that the hero was right, and their situation is not exactly what it seems...
We're currently working on a vacuum press so we can properly expose my plates and once that's done we'll be going 200%. I'm 90% excited and 10% terrified to the possibilities this opens up. I'm scared my creativity can't match the awesomeness of my press. I'll do my best though.
Our visitors should also understand that if they don't support the artists, either by buying the music they like, or by visiting their concerts or by buying merchandise or in any other way, the result ultimately can only be counter-productive and will hurt the music affectionados themselves as much as it will hurt the artists.
Nose: Lots of chunky malt, mixed peel, dried apricots. A bowl of mixed nuts, wood stain and some subtle florals.
Fold in the blueberries. Gently!!!!
The narrow aspirations of the missionaries broadened into the 20th and 21st centuries. and paternalism strengthened. In both metaphorically and literal senses as the cry went out “bring these alien people into our homes. They need encouragement, understanding, maturing, compassion. They need to be protected from criticism and from any reference to their racial background.” It became necessary to begin suppressing those foundational human instincts of self-preservation, demarcation of domain and the fear of alien intrusion.
One of Steven Spielberg’s best movies minority report has a fascinating story and fantastic pace for a thrilling sci-fi great. The premise brings to mind comparisons to our own time and gives a stark warning of what can happen when technology and privacy is compromised for safety.
Already I've received commitments from many in the challenge, so I hope the rest of you will join us to make May 3rd a memorable day in blogging. To join in you don't even have to be a Challenge participant. If you were following or supporting us we'd like to hear what you have to say on this day as well.
I was familiar with the removals that were taking place because a few years before, in 1964 and 1965, as a student at the University of Natal in Pietermaritzburg, I was a member of the Liberal Party, which had been very active in fighting the blackspot removals, especially in Natal, and many of the party’s members were themselves under threat of removal. The Liberal Party had been forced to disband in May 1968, because of the passing of the Improper Interference Act, which prohibited multiracial political parties, and even interracial political discussions. Perhaps the government thought that that would be the end of resistance to its ethnic cleansing programme, but scarcely had the Liberal Party disbanded when Cos Desmond came on the scene, publicising the removals and the misery they caused.
Apparantly he had an alergic reaction after eating 10 year-old nuts
Yesterday I went to the Alameda Flea Market and snapped a bunch of photos for you all….I actually ended up wandering up and down every aisle and made one SMALL purchase….mostly just took everything in and mustered up at least enough motivation to post this blog!
I actually bought one similar app for $0.99 before finding this free app and I really got disappointed because everytime I download my contacts from Google with that paid app (a dollar wasted), it DUPLICATES all the entries in my phonebook. I have 275 contacts before downloading, so after downloading, it doubled (yes genius, 550)! When I tried this app I realized that some of the best things in life are still FREE!
Of course, some of my readers will want to know about the exploitation elements of the movie. Shiver of the Vampires is usually billed as an exploitation movie, and it does deliver on some of the goods. On the one hand, there is very little violence, and what we are given is very discreet. However, this being a Jean Rollin movie there is plenty of female nudity; from Dominique’s outfits, to the translucent veils worn by the servants that Rollin put on a lot of his female characters, to Sandra Julien constantly wandering around in the buff. I ain’t complaining. I should point out, though, that aside from one very brief throwaway scene, it tends to be less tawdry and more chaste and artistic.
can you call a guy beautiful
Thanks for joining all the fun and leaving me all these lovely comments.
Mark’s emphasis is on the writing of this Gospel for the Romans, one of his favorite words to use is ‘immediately’, he uses it 41 times.
“Good King Wenceslas, yes. ‘Bring me flesh and bring me wine’…” Craig smiled. “Yes, still one of my best performances I have to admit, but a discussion we can save for another occasion. My nan is currently sitting in your emergency department’s waiting room, desperately in need of medical attention or at the very least some kind of paracetamol to take the edge off the pain, and you’re telling me that because Kevin Costner spoke particularly quickly on the day they chose to film the scenes that made it into the final cut she’s got to face either a trip back home with her skeleton showing or be disposed of via a short, sharp cremation?!”
SHORT TERM: monthly payrolls report disappoints, DOW -168
My talk for the Newcastle Philosophy Society on Saturday (discussed in the last post) went very well . Although I didn’t get to prepare as much as I might have liked, the ideas came together in a way that people seemed to understand, and it provoked a lot of interesting discussion. Despite the controversial thesis of the talk, there was no hostility or incredulity in the face of the claims I was making. What a wonderful way to spend a Saturday afternoon: eating pizza, drinking coffee, and talking about the death of God with a bunch of non-philosophers who are just interested in the topic.
Lord Fuckington leapt from his bed, fueled by the surge of preceding violence and the desire for more of the same, he cleared the sewage easily and, with the crop raised above his head, gave the servant a tremendous thwack across the throat. The servant gave out a gurgling scream of agony. David reached down, viciously grabbing ahold of his head and lifted him to his knees. He put his crimson face into that of the servant’s. “WHAT DAY?”
They copy works anything, like a mirror.
“YOU ARE BEAUTIFUL” I shouted...
And let me just tell you, when I say I see these tyrants EVERY DAY, I mean it. Believe me, I would love to move through my day without 50 strangers greeting me repeatedly throughout the process. The worst part here is that I smoke, so I’m apt to be walking in and out of this death spiral several times each day. Let’s face it, being a security guard has got to be the most boring job in America. Your job is to stand there like an asshole while the rest of us ignore you. I recognize that there are people out there who want to befriend these security people, I am not one of them. I like to pretend they’re statues. It’s fairly hard to do this when they keep talking to me! What’s more, they make outlandish assumptions about where I may be heading which makes it increasingly awkward when I come back 3 minutes later. Also, I’ve worked here for 2 years and you’d think these imbeciles could figure out that I’m in and out a lot, kind of like The Terminator. OH MY GOD I NAILED IT!
"Well it's about time, I gave my soul to that friggin' company." She needs the work, she wants the job, she knows the team that laid her off are no longer there. This is her opportunity to pick and choose empathic colleagues. Fine, I'll do it"
I have a disclaimer before we start. You will have to excuse the pictures a bit. Some are a little wonky, some a little out of focus, I cropped some because the centre was WAY off!! I had both hands needed for the tutorial.. and so, I needed the help of my little assistant in taking the pictures. She just turned four and not a master of the camera just yet. The only complaint SHE had was that I was interrupting her watching High School Musical.. She would only take a few quick snaps and that HAD TO DO!! Now that I have excused my crazy pictures... I have a tutorial for you...
The purple gypsy came
from “Gendai no Haiku” (Modern Haiku), edited by Shobin Hirai, Kodansha, Tokyo, 1996
Regarding Social Security, Romney says, “But given the volatility of investment values that we have just experienced, I would prefer that individual accounts were added to Social Security, not diverted from it, and that they were voluntary.”
This morning hasn’t helped. I was talking about the treatment at work, when one of my colleagues (that I don’t particularly get on with too well) pointed out that yesterday I looked ‘podgy’… now I can’t get it out of my head, I know I should think rationally, it’s only a stupid comment and she probably didn’t mean anything by it, but I’m feeling fragile anyway, and now I feel fat too.
45 minutes is 3/4s of an hour… so to find the average speed you would need to get 12.5 miles in 45 minutes:
John had quite a following. The people liked what he said. The scripture implies he gathered crowds around him and baptized many. The authorities had no problem finding him. They always knew where he was. The paparazzi followed him everywhere. But he was happy to turn their attention to the one who was greater than all. He was ready to declare he was unworthy to untie the thongs of Christ. He was ready to lift him up to the place he deserved.
1. Add me through Google Friend Connect (3 entries)
Preheat oven to 375 degrees. Line baking sheets with parchment or wax paper.
The fact it’s strike slip is very good news indeed for the populations around the Indian Ocean – because the movement is sideways rather than vertical, it means the water doesn’t get moved around anywhere near as much, so the tsunami risk is much lower. It also seems to have occurred in deep water.
Gathered far distant, over Himavant.
SW-134 Journaling Cards - with thermography (10 pieces)
You’re the kind of reckless
I, admittedly, enjoy reading up about consumables but food culture sort of misses me. I think a part of me wants to understand because I really do love a variety of foods but I always seem to fall short once it starts to sound like an erotic novel about rare ingredients. Then again, I suppose the alternative isn’t much better:
Last week was a great week! Overall, food was great. I had a slip with some chicken vegetable soup on Thursday. I made a huge pot for work and brought home the leftovers for our dinner. I had too many servings. Calorie wise it was an okay dinner, but it was WAY to much sodium for one meal.
I’m not going to go any further than that because the man’s ugly vulgar and obscene history is readily available online but of course the msm doesn’t seem to care what this man says or does because they didn’t even notice or rather were not shocked when he and his and his partner Terry Miller were invited to the White House by the Obama administration for a June 29,2011 “Pride Reception”.
“You got a few more years to do such and such, cuz when you’re 30, that’s just not cool anymore.”
It's one of my favorite stores.
I love my breadmaker. There is no smell quite like the smell of freshly baking bread permeating the whole house for an afternoon! :-) I received the breadmaker 16 years ago (yegads!) for a bridal shower present and it has to be one of the best (and most used) gifts I ever received. (other than my laptop and camera, of course, lol!)
I began a Nautilus circuit at my gym last June and continued it through this year’s marathon training. Twice a week, I warmed up for 30 minutes on the stationary bike or rower (or a combination of the two) and then completed the circuit once, lifting to failure on each machine in a single set. On Wednesdays, I warmed up with a yoga video and then completed the body-weight strength exercises found in RLRF. I didn’t get “big” nor did I move the pin very far down the weight stack. (Since June, I haven’t managed to budge the weight on the damn quadriceps machine beyond 65 lbs.) However, I’ve stayed injury- and pain-free.
We are a picture seen only from the inside.
“Koala experts,” reported CNN, “say the creatures’ behavior more often varies between the mildly cranky to the downright bad-tempered.”
A large bowl to make up in the glue in.
Turn itself back to re-behold the pass
urge me to
the former the sheer desire to name
I'm the type of reader who delights in the comfort of repetition (just look at my fairy tale obsession for proof of that--how many times can I possibly read a 12 Dancing Princesses retelling? Endlessly), so I don't mind this checklist of the familiar approach. I even think it's fun spotting all of the requisite features.
Hundreds of emails in all the AMP accounts, gone unanswered and unopened from authors and staff. The customer service email account alone had over 500 unanswered emails over the previous eight months. That took two people working eight hours to resolve—and in the process, we discovered a frighteningly large number of AMP books that had serious formatting problems for a long time.
And look how adorable the card turned out!
* Upload your layouts in the thread and in the Contest Gallery for Judging.
We were encouraged to use a really cute hanger, but I don't have one and to ship it from the USA, it would have cost a fortune, with it's non-flat shape, so I made do.
Of course, it's obvious even to me that you'd have to do quite a lot more than just bury some magnets underground in order to transform a city into a harddrive – you'd need a shovel, for instance, and perhaps some strong anti-manic drugs; but my point is that if Christopher Wren could build a tower that simultaneously memorialized the Great Fire of London even as it acted as a scientific device, then perhaps you could turn *urban infrastructure itself* into a kind of working scientific apparatus.
The really good news, statewide even sexual offenses may be on the decline. The TJPC last year reported a slight drop in 2011 of juveniles in sex offender treatment programs, to 1,065 from 1,164 the year before. They also reported a drop in those receiving "residential placements" as sex offenders, from 368 to 310. While Grits can't immediately locate comparable data back to 2007, those numbers further recommend caution when interpreting Harris' situation. If expanded access to porn really caused an increase in Harris County sex assaults by juveniles, why hasn't it done so statewide?
“I think though, that we should solve this incident ourselves, with a little civil disobedience,” Kendra hinted.
As the story continues…
There’s a lull in the Autobot/Decepticon hostilities, but that comes to an end when some Decepticons take Cliffjumper out and then reanimate him with “dark energon.” And where does dark energon come from?
On the trip I brought along my long-languishing Hitchhiker, which I shoved in a bag at the tiny size of 5 teeth and abandoned for months. After some knitting at Knitsmiths and on the plane home, it now looks like this:
That part also makes no sense. To me, everything about Chinatown is chaotic and overrun, with no clear rules. Sometimes I really like that. Are they going to make laws against durian, fish and those little beckoning cat sculptures too?
Just as John Woo's Bullet in the Head is a very obvious remake of Michael Cimino's The Deer Hunter (right down to its lighting setups), his The Killer is a less obvious remake of Teruo Ishii's An Outlaw and, of course, Melville's Le Samourai. I'd throw Nicholas Ray's truly amazing crime melodrama They Live By Night into the fray also.
Abby has been such a sparkle in our lives. While I may be just slightly biased, I honestly think she is the most smiley baby I have seen. She is always smiling and laughing. She is so happy and gets excited about the littlest things! She is kind and says the sweetest things like "thank you, mama" and "oh my goodness" and "I sorry mama" (even when she didn't do anything wrong). She likes to sing and spin around and dance. She likes to be funny and make jokes. She loves to play with her sister - and Grace is really so sweet with Abby. She is such a joy!
Notice the whiny tone. The filthy infidels should make the extra effort and expense to accommodate the needs of Muslim lawbreakers. Muslim prisoners are entitled to receive options that no other prisoner has the right to claim. Until they wake up and convert to Islam, the infidel swine must cater to the followers of the prophet according to dictates of the Koran.
Masters'-Mates and Midshipmen to wear the same uniform as at present, with the alteration of the button only, which is to be of the same pattern as that of the Captains and Lieutenants.
It was having an exhibit for black history month. The exhibit had influential and famous Africans as well as African Americans. It was such a fun afternoon.
Step 2. Slice the cabbage to strips.
5So the five kings of the Amorites, the king of Jerusalem, the king of Hebron, the king of Jarmuth, the king of Lachish, and the king of Eglon, were banded together, and went up with all their armies and took up their position before Gibeon and made war against it.
We then joined the kids in the toy isle. Jacob found a remote control jeep that he wanted. Tom found a cap gun. Eme found a gum ball machine. Joe and Jim didn't find anything. I told them that we'd go to the Dollar Tree, and they were happy. It took forever at the check-out because we had so many different purchases, and all paid in cash. hehehe. Oh well, it works for us :)
and move on to the next blog.
Above is the mock-up of the bedroom I designed for my boyfriend's new apartment. He wanted to know if the furniture I picked out would work with his existing pieces, as well as with the paint color we picked out. A quick trip to Polyvore pulled it all together and gave me the OK to move forward with the design. It's the best "try it before you buy it" you can get and helps eliminate mistakes.
What can you do? Send your handmade Valentine's Day cards to Winter and she will deliver them to the hospitals.
When: Saturday, December 17th, 2011 from 5-7 PM
During the time of false and lying gods.
In a summer in Palo Alto when Dad was working on a PHD at Stanford in the early 1930’s, we didn’t have a refrigerator in our rental. The ice box had a top compartment where The ice man came each day to put a block of ice inside. Below a couple of small doors opened to contain milk, butter and any other food that could spoil.
Many people today see Jerusalem as more than a hymn. It is almost our national anthem; as popular at rugby internationals as it is at earnest Labour party conferences; it is universal in its appeal. It’s also more than just the name of a magical place. It represents the British nation itself. And for me, you will see how it is particularly special.
Genre(s): Black Metal
Trudi Sissons The new line of Golden acrylics that stay wet allowing the freedom of reworking the paint. I’d also like to dive into encaustics, if only to smell beeswax.
went for my walk yesterday morning... the gym was closed so we went to the park and walked the track. i like that alot better. the gym will be closed for the summer anyway so we'll be walking outside. somehow i get my heart racing more walking outside than just around the gym - go figure. must be that fresh air - lol.
I also wanted to make this an 'explore the nature' kinda trip which meant no castles, churches, museums and such, but trekking around the national parks in the rain and cold weather...maybe even hire cycles and go around the countryside. It all does sound awesome now, I know, but like Ro says, after walking for about a mile, I get tired, need to rest, need food, need to spot a tiger or elephant (yes I find monotonous scenery absolutely boring). I have only trekked along coasts and the scenery is not too diff all along, but this time I'm thinking exploring a national park would be more exciting. Even if I don't spot a tiger, I love coming across small streams and such. Its all in the planning process still and considering we need to leave by Friday afternoon, I think we are running out of time. If we don't end up going this weekend, I'm gonna take up on Ro's offer to take 3 days off during the week and set of. Nopes, not gonna let it fizzle off this time.
1 tub chocolate mousse
"Thirteen."
I met with a group of about 12 men and we prayed–yes, for the nation but there were other things: confession of sin and for a contrite heart before our God, grateful attitude, the body of Christ, our churches, our families, leaders of all varieties: federal, state, local, our business, military, and police, our enemies, and finally revival in America (beginning with me).
problems. Here is the brilliant thing about creativity, it doesn’t matter! The world is full of people that
*Sorry this posted early, it was scheduled for Monday.
I had the pleasure of corresponding with Diane about Santa Barbara Living:
The costs come at a difficult time for the city, where some people are predicting a budget shortfall in the hundreds of millions of dollars next year.
Our second year, I finally graduated from college; we then decided to move across the country for new careers in a thriving economy. We shook off our comfort zones for the glow of opportunity – and haven’t looked back since…
Romance Ebook: How To Effectively Flirt
Well-respected public relations agencies consider each media contact in turn. Some even reposition the copy slightly to suit each one! No wonder they’re so expensive.
If you are an artist, think about it and consider what you could do for yourself and your career. Branding your work under your own name and in your own style should be conducive to building your reputation online. And while we do no longer work in Flash since the rapid evolution of the mobile web where Flash does not show, we have adapted the latest technology to make your work stand out and be found – even on an iPhone!
In a short conclusion, Judge Purdy found in favour of the US Government. He stated:
existence and being. What we see as many is only the wrinkling
Let’s summarise all key points of my presentation and make a conclusion.
4. Danny Boy (outtake from 'Little Nellie Kelly' 1940) - Judy Garland
Happy Birthday, Aly girl!!
Add the chickpeas and rice. Cook for 30 minutes or until rice is tender.
Last Saturday we headed off on a mystery camping trip - our leader was the only one who knew where we were going...
Dusk greets us in threaded fingers
Consume a healthy diet
Either in pain or thus in sympathy
That fall I had in the restaurant a few weeks back? Well, the thigh is pretty much a deep purple now and it is the size of a huge grapefruit. Funny thing though, it does not hurt. I never used to bruise like this. I am a bit on the clumsy side to begin with. Since I have been on these things I have had bruises show up in the oddest places.
Self Management Challenges and Tips to overcome them:
Or perhaps we should think like economists, so let’s rephrase the question: Should we misallocate capital so that funds are diverted from private investment to corrupt Greek politicians?
Closed, they looked like snuff-boxes. Inside, they were divided into three compartments, two of which were closed by a lid with hinges. The third, in which particles of rouge can often still be seen today, contained the brush used to apply it.
The weather is heating up and we’re hot and heavy into construction. Let’s get together and enjoy a cold one. Join us at the future brewpub on Saturday, June 12 from 7-10 PM for an evening of good beer and good music shared with good people in a co-operative environment.
I'll tell you what: it was great seeing Chris Crowe again, Matt de la Pena, Dana Reinhardt, Janet Wong, Wendy Lamb, Adrienne Waintraub (as always, too cool for school!), Bill Broz (a very awesome co-presenter), Lyn Miller-Lachman, Steve Schneider, Lee Byrd, Benjamin Alire, and the list goes on and on and on. Cool meeting Amy (A.S.) King. Teri Lesesne. Kenan Metzger. James Blasingame. Walter, the Giant Heart. The folks at National Geographic School Publishing: Andy, Tamara, Ellen, and the crew. Marina Tristan at Arte Publico. More later as my memory refreshes.
I’m rusty. This is the most writing I’ve done in years, but I use to do it all the time. I still have the notebooks from high school that my friends and I collaborated on. We would each write a chapter of an ongoing story. That notebook carried into our college years for some of us and as my friends slowly faded away the notebook found a home with me. The pages are fading turning a moist sandy brown hue and the back cover has long ago come off the single subject Five Star notebook, but the memories of those friends are always fresh. It is the longest running story from that notebook that I am going to use as a template for my first piece of fiction to add to the twinkie.
Having no ethnic heritage that would often pre-dispose us, being under 35, and having no family history of major genetic disorders, we chose to forgo testing in favor of enjoying the pregnancy.
Now I could have let him just go on and take her home, especially since she wanted him to, but if I did, I'd be just as culpable for whatever happened to her later as him, and that just wasn't going to happen. At that point, I don't care what a drunk girl tells me she wants. My job is to protect and serve, emphasis here on "protect" and sometimes that means intervening and making the right decisions for people who can't make them for themselves. If Stacy still wants a date tomorrow when she's sober, she can always go back to the bar and ask around for "Dillon". Hopefully by then, he'll have gotten his car detailed and bought a few pine tree air fresheners for it. But until she's competent to make that call, my job is to make sure that no one else makes it for her. THAT is what being the police is all about.
It’s likely unrealistic to expect within my lifetime, but it’s a perfectly realistic aspiration to have for mankind. The year is 2012; we don’t have hoverboards, we don’t have flying cars – but dammit, this is the future.
= a
1) Increase research and developmentfor new tools and techniques–both defensive and offensive–for fighting cyberwar.
Dupont Circle Hotel, Washington DC, 10th June 2011.
Miley Cyrus was rushed to the ER the other day cutting her hand in a kitchen blender. That’s not how you make Bloody Mary’s.
However, the team must focus on what is in front of them at this moment as the Lady Coyotes face-off against the Alaska Anchorage Sea Wolves first, here at CSUSB. These two squads met earlier this year with the Lady Coyotes dispatching the Sea Wolves, 3-0.
But anyway, “Skippy” and I have been talking every day since then and we’re planning to meet up again soon.
I'm surprised this 'Marilyn Monroe musical' idea is taken as such a revelation in the show. Many of Marilyn's big cinema breakthroughs were plucked from Broadway shows, and her film resume has even inspired a couple Broadway musicals:
Here's how it works.....you play with other people (it can be friends/family or people you don't know from anywhere in the world) to earn coins (which I could care less about the coins). You can choose easy for 1 coin, medium for 2 coins and hard for 3 coins. The subject you have to draw is next to whichever level you choose. Using your finger, you draw a simple or detailed image, when finished, you send it to whomever you chose to play with. When they open their app they will see that you sent them something. They open it and try to figure out what you've drawn.....there are scrambled letters under the image that they use to spell out their answer. If they get it wrong they try again and again until they figure it out. It really is fun, oh and the best part is when you receive a drawing from someone and open it up, it actually draws it right then so you can see the steps the other person took in creating their drawing. FUN, FUN, FUN!!!
they resulted in a strikingly individual compositional style.
If you don’t happen to have thirty minutes to watch this video, I would advise you to make thirty minutes as soon as you can.
This ultimate Truth at the end of human wisdom is not something far away, not something ‘beyond’ in the sense of being something other.
America is where Southern Baptists are already investing almost $12 billion while making available only $300 million to reach the other 95 percent where there are few resources. We have over 100,000 pastors, church staff and denominational workers here in America among 5 percent of the world’s population and say we are doing enough to send 5,000 missionaries to reach the rest of the world. Oh yes, and there are a few more churches other than Southern Baptists who are seeking to reach this 5 percent in America, as well.
______________________________________
*Intended for science or pre-science students in all majors!!
But the coolest part of it is using the genre trappings of a gangster flick to bring the audience to a unique spot in the world. A world that you usually see in depressing, desperate documentaries, if you see it at all. Here's to a little pure, sleazy entertainment instead of dirty, filthy guilt!
with hints of chaos.
He has kept among us, in times of peace, Standing Armies without the Consent of our legislatures.
Thank you for the prayers for our son and may God continue to watch over us ALL and give us strength in our lives.
Stamp Set: Pink by Design Winter
With Easter fast approaching here is the recipe for the Cadbury Creme Egg Brownies. A personal favourite of many. Hope you try this fantastic treat for yourself.
among gleaming leaves
Doug crosses his lawn in mower-width bars
ears with them. Fast through a hazy residue of loss and despair,
Bring Granulated Sugar and Water to boil in a large heavy skillet, stirring until sugar is dissolved. Add peel and boil, stirring, until most syrup is absorbed, about 10 – 12 minutes.
Lost to her own thoughts, inside her own designs of dreams, the lonely lover of Shakespeare’s words never would have noticed that, for the past two weeks, a solitary figure of a man sat at a booth in the back of the coffee house. Every day, as the world evolved around him, this man warmed himself with caffeine while puzzling over other’s tomes and the incessant scribbling in his own notebook. Sometimes, he made up lives and loves for the lost remnants of humanity who scattered themselves across the chairs in that pseudonym for life; these he wrote in his spiral, coffee-smeared journal. Other times, the world existed as an emptiness and detachment to which James Stevens was oblivious.
Things almost fell apart for Modise in 1997 when five former Security branch policemen applied for amnesty with the Truth and Reconciliation Commission for their involvement in more than 40 murders of Anti Apartheid terrorists. They wanted to reveal the names of former Apartheid informants and double agents now in top government positions. Mbeki shut them up calling it gossip mongering and the TRC refused to make the names known.
My mom and I went and looked at the Humane Society for a kitten, or smaller cat (my bigger cat wouldn't do well with another big cat). Couldn't really find one, but another adoption service is opening up so stay tuned. I want a girl and to name her Nala :)
Nicko Christiansen: Vocals, Alto Saxophone, Maraccas, Floor Tom-Tom, Bongos, Tambourine
“Unfortunately, up to now, that was not forthcoming. In order not to prolong the matter and avoid further embarrassment, I have decided to relinquish my post of DAP vice-chairperson and tender my resignation as a party member with immediate effect.”
That might be a daunting task for a party embroiled in what Democrats are labeling a “war on women.”
Will come and fill the sky
My son was the worst to get down for naps when he was young. He’d always go kicking and screaming. The day this picture was taken was no different than any other day. Finish lunch, take him by the hand and lead him down the hallway to his bedroom. With each step closer we took, the more resistance I could feel as his little hand would begin to pull. “I don’t want to take a nap” and “You can’t make me” were two of his favorite arguments. On this day he told me that he would stay up until his father got home and HE would let him stay up. I tucked him into his bed, gave him a kiss and closed the door behind me while listening to his rants and objections. I made it back to the kitchen and as I picked up his lunch plate, I heard his high-pitched scream, ‘You can’t make me’… and then silence. Seriously, in what I’m sure was less than twenty seconds from tucking him in, all crying, screaming and protesting had stopped. Dead silence. Our daily fight never ended that abruptly, so I went back to see what he was up to and found him in this position. As fast asleep as my grandfather during Sunday mass. I’m just not sure if he was on his way out of the bed, or back into it when he lost the argument.
31. Earth stands between Mars and Venus to keep them from fighting.
Hope you had a lovely Easter yesterday celebrating Jesus' return to life - the ultimate comeback after being dead 3 days!
“He won’t what?”
Jennifer C sit next 2 me sharing a bowl of noodles and some tea
We watched an animal show where a bear rode a bicycle, and pelicans danced around. Both Evan and Joshua were scared to see the animals so close to them so we left shortly after the show started. Again, the main attraction was my kids. Everybody wanted to touch them and take pictures of them. A pregnant lady started touching Joshua’s chubby cheeks and then rubbing her belly, as to pass on his chubbiness and “health” to the baby in her belly. Once the animal show was over a group of about 40 school kids swarmed around Evan and Josh and started staring at them and trying to play with them. I thought it was funny, but the boys got a little bit overwhelmed so we left the zoo without finishing the tour of the whole place. I don’t think we missed much but it was still interesting to see so many animals and watch the kids react to them.
NYTimes January 22:
In their silence, and loneliness, I imagine faces that once sat at the loom, eyes fixed on the wooden supports and the warp thread that flow from above, weaving the geometry that distinguished Himroo textiles from the rest.
* Life of Fred has been a BIG hit in our home. I've been reading from the first books, Apples, which covers very basic maths, but I didn't want us to miss any of the fun bits and interesting tangents which make the series so appealing (Archimedes for example). I've also just started the 4th book, Dogs, with Elijah, for a bit more substance, but he will also listen in as I keep go through Butterflies and Cats with Jasmine.
I simply, as per usual, hear the words in my head as my eyes focus on a spot within the mirror. Later, and I will type those words out. Maybe in the morning they will make no sense at all, and nobody else will see them? Who cares – I’ve did my bit?
So is there a legitimate reason for rejecting Christ? I believe there is.
Also, even if you have been cycling since age 5 and can compete in timed half-centuries in your sleep, consider downplaying your prowess and adapting a "leisure cycle" mode. Don't kit up. If you have an old beater bike, ride that when you are together instead of your super-fast roadbike. I would even go so far as to suggest buying an old vintage upright-ish bike for yourself, to match the level of the bike your spouse will be riding. This will even out the playing field between the two of you and will make you less intimidating.
26Cursed is he who does not take this law to heart to do it. And let all the people say, So be it.
19. St. Broadrick, his mistress, and the blacksmith (The optimist)
"This back seat isn't worth shit." I said as I tried to scootch back up on my perch.
I called up Wifesy and said, “I need the credit card.”
Settled down among us and it never went away.
Now, years have gone by. The most that has happened was that (then) Oklahoma Gov. Brad Henry’s office wrote me a letter, telling me how much the governer liked the idea I was proposing. With the help of Rep. Ben Sherrer, the measure began to gain some steam, and eventually became a House Bill (HB1466 – The Vicki Bowyer Veterans Appreciation Act)
Other: Gold Stickles following swirly pattern in corner and on star, star and oval cut with cricut
* * * Somebody said the hardest part of being a mother is labor and
Patient: "Oh, it's my brother's car."
I need new ballet flats and new sandals. Oh how I want to spend a day going shopping uninterrupted. Those days are gone I suppose. Just when I was thinking about it, M my NM's SA txt me with the special event currently happening in NM. Asked me if I want to attend and she can add me to her RSVP list. Meh..as if I can go haha! They always have this on mid week after work. If they are doing it on the weekend I may get DH to watch the kids for few hours ;-)
UK Publisher: Sony/ATV Music Publishing
Their first visit to Paris was all I was hoping it would be for them. While I was at work during the days, they explored the streets, shops and landmarks, duly smitten with the architecture, people and way of life.
Simple, eh?
I dreamt of your farewell party
Guinsoo: Nothing, nothing. It’s just – you know – for PR.
Innovation in development history
We celebrated (my staying home, not my blog) by taking a long walk around the neighborhood, stopping for a while at the park for some climbing and sliding. The X-man loves the slides. He'll climb up a straight ladder to get to the top of a slide, then he throws himself down the slide by basically walking off the edge and falling onto his diaper-padded bottom. He's gratefully learned to lean backwards and not forwards because half the time he's so quick I barely get to the front of the slide in time. It's a thrill ride for him, a panic attack for me.
off my feet. I'm so uncomfortable, frustrated,
What does this mean? Well, for once- in the longest of long eons- Melissa will be sans S.O. And living on her own. And making her own money with her own car with her own checking account- on her own. (noticing a pattern?)
Cormac met me at the bus station, a glorious stereotype of a journalist: white beard, cigarette in hand, coffee at the ready. In true journalistic style, he shot straight from the hip. Within minutes, he told me he couldn’t give me a job, because he needed someone who could see well enough to chase ambulances around the back roads of Co. Clare. But during that week, he taught me how to tell my own story and I still think of that week as one of the greatest in my life.
These nails below are just pure talent and gels.
May 15 – Genealogy on the Internet (conducted by Beverly Sullivan)
6. Facebook this giveaway, including the link (can do this daily, just leave a comment each day)
This month – and next month too as a matter of fact – I have a number of weekend challenges food-wise. I’ll just keep my list of “reminders” close at hand, focus on being good enough instead of perfect, and remember that the real “treat” isn’t the caramel apple or rich fettuccine, but treating my body well by giving it the right amount of nutritious food that keeps me at a healthy weight.
Και αφού δεν πρόλαβα το διαγωνισμό αυτό, ας συμμετέχω στο Bird is the Word με θέμα τις καρδιές...
Also ive being getting real bad allergic reactions over the past 2 weeks...especially this weekend~~~it was sooo bad~~~so im calling my Doctor today and is setting up an appointment, because its bothering me too much~~~and to see what excatly that is bothering me, and if we have it in the house...or should i take medicine or smth~~~but its bothering me really bad...at first i thought it was just a one time thing...then it kept on happening everyday, and right now it is to the point that it is interfering with my sleep...the hubby thought it's heat rash, or bug bite, but if it's bug bite everyone in my house would've gotten bit...especially the Hubby...My mom thought it might be the flowers in the house... or maybe something i ate....but ya there are many speculations, but no accurate diagnosis...so im calling my doctor's office right now...if only his assistant picks up the phone....but i'll keep on trying 'till she does~~~
And the mind whirls and the heart sings,
Entry #44
ch= Chain
Apple - 1 apple, cored and minced. I used dried apples from my McIntosh tree after pulsing them in the food processor for a bit.
revolution of 1789, polemicists such as the Catholic priest, Abbé
We took Lizzy to meet Santa the other night, at our neighbor’s holiday party. I didn’t realize that rent-a-santas existed, but I’ve now met one and had the opportunity to chat with him for awhile.
Al Schacht - Jersey City Giants
Isaac woke us up bright and early and, despite it being the weekend, there was no opportunity to roll over and go back to sleep. Some months ago Neil had signed up for a fun run at the spectacular Blenheim Palace. He wished to arrive an hour or so before the start of the race, so we were out of the house bright and early. As we approached the grand gates of the palace a sign for the run caught my eye. It said the run was on the
in the infinity of the universe.
Her mother took her to the kitchen. She filled three pots with water and
There are two ways, the first a non-pagan friend of mine pointed out. This is when a song is going round and around in your head. It’s your subconscious, which has latched on to the song as a way of telling you something and if you figure out what it’s trying to tell you, the song will stop.
“Being an actor is hard enough,” the Malaysian superstar reiterated during an interview with The Daily Chilli, a news portal for The Star.
NRAOK Blog (nraokblog.wordpress.com) is a participant in the Amazon Services LLC and Amazon EU Associates Programmes designed to provide a means for sites to earn advertising fees by advertising and linking to amazon.com, amazon.ca, amazon.co.uk, amazon.de, amazon.fr, amazon.it and amazon.es. Certain content that appears on this website comes from Amazon Services LLC and/or Amazon EU. This content is provided “as is” and is subject to change or removal at any time.
There's only one problem. Actually, make that two.
Witnessed my fall
If physical presence or spending time on phone and messaging someone daily 50 times everything? Some people (read Raghav here) wants to do something special for the nation, for the society and they shouldn’t be cheated liked this what I felt. Other’s thinking may differ here.
Price: $210,000
HERE IS A PHOTO FROM LAST NIGHT, THE EVE BEFORE THE MAIN EVENT. THIS PHOTO WAS TAKEN AT OUR HOTEL, AND WE TAIL-GATED UNTIL THE COWS CAME HOME. A GOOD STEAK DINNER, AND, AFTERWARDS, SOME GREAT SIPPING WINE TO LULL US TO SLEEP (WE NEVER OPENED THE SECOND BOTTLE, BUT WE HAD IT IN RESERVE FOR WHAT WAS A CALLED-FOR RAINEY NIGHT – AS FATE WOULD HAVE IT, IT NEVER RAINED). WE LIKE WINE!!
IMPACT
There are certainly some rough edges in the C.D. As I've mentioned before, there are issues with racial tension and dog poop. There's crime, as evidenced by my friends who've had their car stolen five bazillion times. The car has always been found and returned but five seconds later they look out the window and dammit....gone again. It's no rosy suburb, that's for sure, but I'm pretty sure it's more interesting. It's just all us families and hipsters and criminals trying to get along.
I am loving running my hand over Maggie's freshly bathed and brushed silky fur. Eating homemade turtle cheesecake for breakfast while reading a novel and listening to the rain.
We got Rashaan Ahmad of The Crown City Rockers goin in over a raucus drum arrangement (Billy Squire's "Big Beat" break) and disclosing all his hopes for the new year while Dizzie Rascal gets creative with a vocal sample of a child sayin' "twenty teeeeeen"....I freakin' love Hip-Hop man....
And to be Bright and Twinkling when he comes home. Not scowling and hurrumping like Eeyore.
Let’s ignore for a moment the fact that a pretentious guy named Thurston really should play a handsome, but sinister rake in an Austen novel. In this book, he’s just a pompous preppy, and maybe that’s just as well.
As the history of the Knight family begins to unravel, tensions heighten and old resentments turn deadly. Even though Dorian warns her about a terrible curse—she doesn’t know who or what to believe.
And so we went back in, and I heaved it off the display shelf. Michael wisely suggested a test-ride before purchasing. I looked ahead and waited for the aisle to clear. I began to straddle the seat, then started to lose confidence. When was the last time I rode a bike? 4 years, at least, I thought. I thought about my favorite Frasier episode, when Frasier and Niles learn to ride a bike for the first time as adults. Frasier was so worried about crashing into a tree that every time he began to ride, he did just that, face-planting into the very thing he was so focused on.
Accessories: satin ribbon, brads, Crystal Effects
A delicate balance struggles to thrive
Everything comes in a ONE and God created us in his image and after his likeness. Each ONE of us is ONE person. If I add another person to me than I am not two persons. I must have another person standing next to me. Then another person can look at us and say I and my friend are two persons.
from Materia Arquitectónica:
It’s a different enough movie that it should be considered on its own merits. The answers one gets, the emotions one feels, are entirely different in this movie. I enjoyed it far less, found its mysteries a little less compelling and many of its additions a bit too labored, but I have no doubt a person’s mileage will vary on this one. It’s certainly the more lucid film, showing its hand a lot more and losing much of its fevered tone. It is clearly obvious, whether its good or bad, that this new cut was put together by Coppola long after he had forgotten the gut emotion of being in the jungle.
Assuming we need specialist adjudicators, here are some options:
There are other criticisms that can be levelled at the story; the continuity problems, some wooden acting from the guy playing Billy, the Doctor visibly wearing spectacles on the motorcycle, the baby's changing appearance and of course the deaths of the alien tourists which detracts from the lighter nature of the story.
Farnham's not far from where I live, and has an excellent beer festival and some cracking pubs. Beer nerd that I am I have wondered if the hops are still around anywhere, and much to my delight I now know they are. On the last page of Beer magazine Jody Scheckter of the Laverstoke Park Farm says of their beers: "I also insisted we use heritage hops not in wide commercial use, such as Fuggles, Farnham, White Bine and White Grape".
The State Department has sent CAIR officials abroad on goodwill missions, including at least two by Michigan director Dawud Walid.
Well, there is this very big section at Stanford University library, about Thailand. And that was like some 20 years ago, and I was very much a party head, mostly ignorant about Thailand.
So, after all that I do actually have a card to show, it's one I made for the Sheer Clothing challenge. I've tried to colour a couple of sheer frills on Tilda's dress - you can still see the red dress through the sheer panels. I did this by colouring the bottom of the dress in copics, then used the same colours roughly on the upper parts of the dress leaving some white areas, then used white polychromo pencil on top of the whole sheer areas. the sleeves are also sheer - you can see her arms through the fabric. Well, this was my first attempt and definitely an experiment! I hope it passes muster. There are more sheer colourings from the DT on the gallery.
Bug's Life Land didn't deliver the way we hoped. The lines were longer than other places and the rides weren't quite as fun. The 3D movie was pretty cute though. I was a little worried Kyla would get scared but when the black widows came down from the ceiling she just waved and said, "Hi spiders!" And she loved the big mean grasshopper that moved and talked. She still talks about him. Surprised.
I made a little `Tea Caddy' to go along with the card and used some of the fun sentiments as Tags for the tea bags! That's Tazo tea from Starbucks BTW...Calm and Refresh...both are absolutely DELICIOUS and so pretty to look at!!!
We have an opportunity to build on the extraordinary courage of people in our own country in the Occupy Movement and in the Arab world engaged in nonviolent resistance demanding freedom and justice. How can Ithaca strengthen the Occupy movement and ensure that America is on the side of those in the streets of America and the Arab world demanding justice?
And then there were four!
Notes.
from one life (cruel streets, teen angst,
I hope you are all doing well??
The Next Doctor
Change is good and setting a goal or two is good too but you can’t let those things become more important that your day to day life. Once you complete these goals and cross that finish line, that day to day crap you let go of? Well it’ll bite you in the ass because you’ll come back to it and realize you’ve not maintained any sort of routine to live by once you’ve accomplished everything you set out to do.
*At least one to three years experience with statistical programming in SAS; experience with SQL, macros, AF, SASGRAPH, and PROC Report.
It is time for the next installment of “The Hang of Music: AUDIOVISED!” Would you believe that Mixcloud gave me more trouble over this than the last one?
My favs so far? Check em out!
The next day, Saturday, brought the funeral. It was a beautiful, bright day. It was also, predictably, a sad one.
Cheryl Moskowitz writes poetry, plays and fiction for adults and children. She works regularly as a writer in schools. Her poetry for children has featured on BBC TV's 'A Bear Behind' and CBeebies' Poetry Pie Series. Her novel, WYOMING TRAIL is published by Granta and her stories and poems feature in several anthologies.
It was nice to list all those food things. They made my mouth water. And dream of summer.
1) If it is for a child, or smaller woman, you can leave it, to be tied in a small knot in back.
My girlfriend’s three month maternity leave came to an end this past Monday, so now me and the little one are all alone for seven hours a day. The ability to raise my child around the clock is one of the benefits to being an at home writer. We don’t have to worry about someone else mistreating our child, doing things that we wouldn’t do, or not doing things that we would do. Well, I was very apprehensive about being all alone with Benjamin and not having his mother around for when he threw one of his fits. And I wasn’t the only one who was worried about me being alone with the kid. My girlfriend was also worried. Benjamin and I don’t always get along, and there are times when he prefers his mother. Him showing favoritism towards his mother doesn’t really bother me, because there are times when I prefer that he prefers his mother. However, I dread the times when Benjamin prefers his mother and she’s not there. The child can really be a handful at those times.
I knew this too, because false religions have a common denominator and that is there assault on the term "Justification."
And I don’t like whites
So when we announced to the street that we were having a Halloween party, well everyone was excited to come and discover "what exactly do you do at a Halloween party"? I spent the week collecting Halloween-inspired recipes from family, friends and the Net and just when I thought I'd have to break out the construction paper and pipe cleaners, I discovered the new Toys R Us in town had a whole entire aisle of Halloween decor...woohooo!
Of definite news the night added little. Down the Atlantic coast, fog enveloped in many places, as the reports showed, crept the Cunarder Carpathia, bearing the 868 lives that had been snatched from the waters when the Titanic's 20 boats, laden to the limit, one by one made their way from the giant liner as it became known that it was soon to take its fatal plunge.
My fourteen-year-old, Savannah has always been a saver. She saves all her money from birthday presents and allowance. She doesn't usually save for anything in particular; she just kind of tucks it away for future use. When a movie comes out that she really wants to see, she knows she'll have the money to buy a ticket, or when she sees a shirt she wants to buy, she knows she'll have the cash to purchase it because she doesn't spend frivolously on everything that comes her way.
Here is a chart from TheChartStore.com that shows the S&P 500’s monthly returns since 1926. February, May and September are lagging when compared to the other 9 months historically. Headwinds may be at play for the next month as Europe sorts out its elections and hedge fund mavens think of the Hamptons.
Anyhow, we took a left off Highway 2 onto the Taylor Highway and off we went to Dawson City by way of Chicken.
I also had Bradan Rost (smoked salmon) with beetroot (cooked, not pickled) and sour cream. This is all that was left before I remembered to take a picture. It was beautifully tasty - sweet, sour, earthy, delicious.
This week my teaser is from Night Road by Kristin Hannah:
I am listening to The Distant Hours by Kate Morton on my ipod. It's a bookish gothic-type story, very similar to the Thirteenth Tale.
School will be back in session before you know it. Whether your readers have a preschooler, a college student, a homeschooler, or anything in between, back to school gear will probably be needed. Let's help them out by bringing them a great Back To School Blast!
While they sit in their fancy shared office, Tuck and FDR soon realise they’ve met the same girl. They decide to double-date Lauren and let the best man win. Both of these men, of course, have the benefit of access to bugging devices and a team of CIA operatives (all men) who spend every waking moment searching Lauren’s life for clues to what might make a good date. Lucky girl; having your privacy invaded is just what I look for in a potential life partner.
The Third Camp & The USSR
“Yeah.” He grinned.
This includes pieces by Robert Honstein (co-­founder of the “Sleeping Giant” collective) and John C. Griffin (Western Michigan University), the winners of the call for scores contest, as well as music by Wisconsin‐based composers Jeff Herriott (UW-Whitewater) and Guggenheim Fellowship winner Laura Schwendinger (below, UW-Madison).
½ cup mayo (homemade or from a jar)
“Yes, you did.” Norma had watched the news report. “You were on television.”
Thomas M. Ray
The rescue party the Americans sent to relieve the Spaniards was ambushed by Filipinos and its commander, James Gilmore, held prisoner for almost 8 months. Making Baler one of the only few towns that won battles against Spanish and Americans.
Owen: Michael is great. I will admit that he frightened me a little at first. He came across as very protective but after I found out the way Cameron had treated Charlotte, I could completely understand his defensiveness and we understood each other. It took me a while to convince him that I was a good guy, but I think being a cop did help. He respected me for the work I did because he did it too.
13 Pride and Joy 4:59
Tons of protein and it takes me forever to finish off one can because it is so filling. Now, these cans are a bit more expensive than the Campbell’s stuff. One can, with two servings, cost about $5 depending on where you buy it. But it is the best $5 you will ever spend.
“Homo sapiens is the species that invents symbols in which to invest passion and authority, then forgets that symbols are inventions.” — Joyce Carol Oates
Scott and I started out in high school as good friends. We didn't date one another, but we did sit together at lunch (while I gave change for the vending machines). I had a steady boyfriend and he had a steady girlfriend. He and I were just good friends. We talked about anything and everything. Then, we graduated and he left for the Navy. We started writing to each other and after I went to WVU, my boyfriend and I broke up. Scott decided to come to visit me at school.
Some of my more distinctive outcomes have included…
beat cancer. done and done.
In a second experiment, 101 adults were shown either a neutral video or an emotional video about children in poverty. They were then given 10 fake dollars and told they could give as much as they liked to a stranger. Those who were less religious gave more when they saw the emotional video first.
Best HD TV
Director-general Jonathan Evans said claims by one of the country’s most senior judges that there was a “culture of suppression” within the service were “the precise opposite of the truth”.
Luke: Look! A fire engine. Mommy, did you know fire trucks have hoses?
But ask a woman who needs help and doesn’t have the choice to stay home but is forced to earn their dignity by earning a paycheck and putting their child in a subsidized daycare and the answer might be a little different. I think this woman would be concerned about their ability to provide for the child. They are concerned about the social programs that provide the housing subsidies and the welfare assistance that helps her keep her head above water while she does the hard work of being a mother and raising a child without the assistance of a staff waiting at her beck and call.
Good evening everyone!
How to wear studded boots?
2007: School goes into lock down, FBI called, Jack hauled off to jail and never sees his truck or gun again. Counselors called in for traumatized students and teachers.
Hunt the Moon by Karen Chance - 419 pages
No joke folks. I though uh huh all these vegan/vegetarians are lying through their green teeth. They may not think you can taste this but they are used to the flavor and can’t. Ha. I will prove you wrong, you crazy wackos.
What about you all? What are some of the worst one-liners you’ve ever heard? And men – do these ever work for you? Really???
And then, at the end of the working day, I would switch off the machines, unplug them, walk out of the little blue door, lock it behind me, and wander back across the grass, past the sweetest smelling roses, through the conservatory and into the house to sit and read a book, or to write a book, by the fire.
I pray today that through the cross of Jesus Christ, God will give us the Easter power to be inflamed by his love and to share that love in every possible way with everyone within our reach.
On side B is an online friend of mine who recently rejected the label of unschooler. She did this not because she grew to dislike the term (as some unschoolers do) and not because she's doing anything more schoolish than she was before. What happened was, she got tired of feeling guilty for living her life the way she wants to live her life.
Though this book had flaws, I was willing to overlook them. I was? Well, there is this one thing ... the romance. I consider romance in novels to be the bane of my existence - I like very few of them and enjoy harping on about how much I don't enjoy reading about lovesick people. Hell, I can stand very few fictional people in love - and even when I do violence is mostly involved. And they are from comic books. Sigh. Though there wasn't much romance, there was a lot of obsessing. I am fine with this - everyone does it. But I feel like Titus and Gretchens relationship wasn't developed enough.
-Add the chicken, sauce, and cashews and toss to coat. Serve over the rice and sprinkle with scallions.
Again, I only retain their bodies, I get to use my own brain. YEY.
There is no clear definition of introversion or extroversion, and most people fall at different points on the spectrum of one extreme to the other, but recent science points to “fixed traits” and “free traits” and “temperament” versus “personality.” We all have free will and can adapt our outward behaviours, but we all have inborn, biological behaviours and emotions. Our culture and life experiences affect us, but we have an underlying temperament that forms the foundation for our approach to life.
A professor I admire once said, ” Nick, there’s nothing more depressing than watching the people you grew up with getting used to being unhappy.”
● £14,250 from Chris Bailey between 2001 and 2004.
My name is Illeana. I am 18, soon to be 19. July 28th baby.
The basic steps are pretty simple,
And the sea was very grey,
Similarly one should be cautious, not to fight (with the intention) to show off, or for good reputation or for dignity, or for pride and haughtiness, or for the clamour (noise) of nationalism and for falseforged slogans. Whenever the Messenger (pbuh) appointed a CommanderinChief for an army unit, he used to advise him specially to be afraid and dutiful to Allah, and to be good to those Muslims who were accompanying him. He then used to say (to that Commander):
My Aunt J had adopted Maggie when she was a baby. My Aunt J. was one of the women in my life that made "adoption" a normal, beautiful, awesome thing. It is was most definitely a contributing factor to my life and my decision to not only be an adoptive Mom, but an adoptive Mom to children who have special needs. I think about my Aunt J. and how she really has had a rough life. So many difficult things as a mother that she has dealt with. It seems tragically unfair. Yet at the same time I know that God has long worked to prepare her heart for the rough road ahead for her beautiful Maggie. She has learned how to embrace challenges, how to appreciate small victories and how to keep hope alive in desperate circumstances. Could you please pray for her? My Mommy heart aches for my Aunt.
(On Vietnamese food):
P.S. Here is my Facebook status from the day: "Where you go I will go, and where you stay I will stay. Your people will be my people and your God my God" (Ruth 1:16, NIV). Thankful for eight years and praying this Scripture for us--even if we have to say it
The best path forward is to fully investigate the operation and punish those responsible — no matter how high up the blame goes. It is also time to end support for a war on drugs that becomes more entrenched and more violent every day.
For her, publishing under the name “George Sand” not only appears to have succeeded in keeping her publishers happy but it kept her work out there. Very erudite move.
The album many of my friends said he became Prince again. Before this album, he had already dropped the symbol and went back to calling himself Prince. My friends were actually referring to the music, especially the song “Black Sweat”. On this song, he uses his signature falsetto with the lines, “I don’t want to take my clothes off…but I do.” Also, he promises his love interest she’ll be screaming like a white lady at the count of three.
"I dropped my toothpaste," Tom said crestfallen.
The ensuing phone conversation was laden with so many racial stereotypes, bad ethnic jokes, and ‘l’s for ‘r’s that I was self-editing left, right, and centre.
Ok, we’re now past Illimani and entering Totora Pampa. This photo shows pretty much the entire extent of the town, although it does continue a little beyond the bend. To be honest, I didn’t know Totora Pampa was to be my destination when I left the house this morning. In fact, I didn’t even know Totora Pampa existed. It was roughly a three-hour drive here from La Paz at a leisurely pace, and stopping for photos along the way. The odometer showed it to only a 35-mile trek.
all My Newest Freebies
About the author: In the 1970s Byrne Fone, PhD, began working in the new field of Gay Studies. At the City University of New York he introduced one of the earliest university courses in the field, in which he is a recognized pioneer, in the United States, and later taught Gay Studies at the University of Paris and at the CUNY Graduate School. His work in the field includes the largest and most comprehensive anthology of gay literature, The Columbia Anthology of Gay Literature, as well as a study of early English and American gay literary history in A Road to Stonewall: Homosexuality and Homophobia in British and American Literature (Scribners). His book on Walt Whitman, Masculine Landscapes: Walt Whitman and the Homoerotic Text (S. Illinois University Press), explores both the poet’s homosexuality and how it is manifest in his poetry. His most recent study in the field is Homophobia: A History ( Holt and Picador) which examines the history of homophobia over a period covering almost two millennia. In addition to this scholarship, Fone’s interest in architectural history led him to write Historic Hudson: An Architectural Portrait, which is the first full-length history of the City of Hudson.
The simple word track, “Tell me more” is one of the most powerful yet simple word tracks you can give to your team! This simple word track both builds rapport with the client AND defines exactly what the customer’s statement or question may be. Let me explain in a number of different ways.
Twenty-two percent expressed support for the 2014 timetable and an additional 22% said the U.S. should keep some troops in Afghanistan beyond 2014.
At the same time, the moral foundation of a democratic state is respect for human dignity. Human dignity must be respected in all circumstances. And to respect human dignity in all circumstances means, among other things, to be sensitive to human life in all circumstances. Not just the lives of the citizens of your state. Everybody.
In addition to his successful career in music, Nas has pursued a career in motion pictures that began with his co-starring role (alongside DMX) in 1998’s crime drama Belly, a film by director Hype Williams (with whom Nas has done several video clips). Subsequent appearances include Albert Pyun’s action crime thriller Ticker (2001, with Tim Sizemore and Steven Seagal); Carl Seaton’s Sacred Is the Flesh (2001, also co-written by Nas); a cameo as himself in Boaz Yakin’s comedy Uptown Girls (2003, with Brittany Murphy and Dakota Fanning); Lawrence Page’s Murda Muzik (2004, with Ron Artest and Chinky); the fictional hip-hop group bio-pic The Vapors (2008, with an all-star cast of Roxanne Shanté, Kool G Rap, Marley Marl, Biz Markie, and others); and tv’s hit series, Hawaii Five-O.
It came swaddled in a thin layer of cardboard, this harbinger of destiny, and once I got it in the house, I realized that I couldn't open it. The concept of having created a real actual book was suddenly too much for me to bear. I mean, I have created digital files legion, what's one more?
While I think that Ethan wants Merit in a more personal manner I think the need for loyalty springs first from a Master/Vampire relationship. Especially because Merit is proving to be so powerful. Ethan wants the House and vampire world to run smoothly. Merit as a rogue could crash down a lot of walls, whether she means to or not. And I think it would spell bad things for everyone. At least in the beginning she needs to be taught and contained a bit.
The character Melis was perfect. She had a haunting past that still was not resolved but she was still a very strong woman. I love the fact that the past finally did catch up to her but she was getting stronger to beat it. Didn’t hurt that Kelby helped along. Another strong character but gentle for Melis.
www.artistsvisitgalapagos.com
You think I'm joking.
Having done this every year for the past four years (yes, I am big on birthday parties !) I felt that this year, I honestly had everything under control. I had made lists weeks in advance and scoured websites to find the right ‘everything’ : Food: check; Entertainment: check; Venue: check; Goodie bags: check.
Derbyshire County Council is entering into partnership with National Star College to introduce a programme of Independent Travel Training across Derbyshire from September 2012. This training will be aimed at helping young people with a disability or other difficulty, to develop skills in travelling by public transport. In most cases this results in increased levels of confidence and an opening up of new opportunities.
Once again, Stacey found himself wanting to believe and believe in Mattias. He sounded so genuine and kind. It took effort for Stacey to shrug off this encouraging statement and remember that Mattias was lying, and that he'd probably never see the ocean again. This only made him feel worse though. He never said goodbye, and here on land was the last place he wanted to be buried. All the while though, his hands kept up their pace. After working for demanding captains, Stacey had learned to separate his hands from his thoughts and picking fruit was a easy enough that the skill transferred.
An even worse offender was last year’s Enslaved. I’d say platforming and environmental navigation takes up a good fifty percent (if not more) of the game, and it is quite possibly the most atrocious I’ve ever played in a game designed around it. You literally cannot jump in any direction other than the one you’re supposed to. All of the parts of the environment you need to go to are highlighted, and there is almost no need to time any of your leaps. Hell, in the few sections where you’re scaling an object that is collapsing, you could literally complete it by waggling the analog stick and mashing on the x button. In the words of Zero Punctuation, “ there is no challenge to this. This is not platforming, this is just walking down an unusually shaped corridor”. Trimming down navigation to such a degree is both a wasted opportunity for the developer (both in time, money, and design) and a chore for the player. How are you supposed to feel any sense of achievement if what your doing requires little to no skill? More importantly, why do you want to continue playing the game if it seems like you’re barely interacting with it?
I probably will have to call in sick Monday so I can listen to his whole broadcast. And it won’t have anything to do with the Super Bowl party I will be attending the night before. Ok, so I won’t call in sick. But, I’m going to be lost without his radio show during my daily drive. Many of us will be lost.
It is clear that this is a room from a very fashionable lady.
1/10=Crap!!
Exploding into fame at the tail-end of punk, Bush was initially
From that day on, I worked on this faith. I looked for ways to improve my faithful life. I found friends with the same desire. I found a new community, now I’m attending a caring group. I’m also praying for guidance to lead me to the kind of service I can offer in the community, I’ve just started to read the Bible with heart and purpose. I know I am not perfect. I know I am a sinner. I understand, everybody is happy and sad at the same time, at different levels in the same way as I suffer.
(As a youth I was desperate to get a puppy, so I memorized the Encyclopedia of Dogs in an attempt to prove to my parents that I was knowledgeable enough to handle the task. I finally got the dog: Katie, the Cairn Terrier, the first of my scruffy dogs. For some reason that near-encyclopedic knowledge of dog breeds has managed to stick with me all these years. I probably could have used that memory space for something more important, like remembering family birthdays or the names of people I've met at work functions, but no).
Sorry... I don't get it. What part of this reflects the message of Christ in any way?
Oosthuizen said he was ‘deeply disappointed about the SAPS’ involvement in the attack against him. The two arrested persons will appear on a charge of attempted murder at the Schweizer-Reneke Magistrate's Court on Monday.
Come to think of it, we’re almost always ending up on the same page.
Why go?
I recently came across a letter I wrote to her three years ago, on the eve of a vacation the rest of the family was taking to Colorado. We were leaving Addison in the capable hands of Grandma. But being a mother that can go from skinned-knee to amputation-worthy staff infection in less than 60 seconds, I was worried. What if…I mean just what IF something happened? How would this (then) 18 month old baby know how it felt to love her?
The Daughters by Joanna Philbin
E-Eggs- How do you like yours prepared? Scrambled if it's a whole egg, fried if it's egg whites only.
And all the daughters of the year shall dance!
Mere optimism is not a substitute for faith, for it doesn’t
Today I learned a dear friend lost a baby 2 weeks ago. I was able to share my experience with her, and she was grateful that I understood. I am too. This kind of pain. I wouldn't wish it on anyone. But I'm grateful still that you were mine for those few weeks, and I have hope that you'll belong to me forever.
go to Revkins blog for graphics in above piece
All she feels
they will look
The award:
I am sure many of you baked a ham over the last couple of holidays, Thanksgiving and Christmas, and many will bake one for the New Year too. In the south, it is a tradition to have ham, or some type of pork served along with the likes of Hoppin' John, White Rice, Collards, Turnips or other greens and cornbread of course.
We all hate hackers, we all hate people that invade and interrupt our daily life. That’s why we are now coming out with hacking support.
I would like to take this chance to say a big thank you to Jacqui and the Fairies for having me on board for the past four weeks. I have had a blast, and it has been such a privilege and, in all probability, a once in a lifetime opportunity.
"Wala naman. Kita sana tayo (Nothing much. Thought maybe we could meet)," he replied, with a smiling face. Oooohhh, where is this headed, I wondered.
I look forward to my bath on Thursday. Karen is taking the day off because they want me in early in the morning and stay until afternoon to be sure I am dried real good. The staff there is looking forward to my visit that day. I am very loved! Woof! Woof!
The Supreme Court considered that, for the purposes of interim relief -- where the degree of investigation open to the court is limited -- granted rights such as SPCs must be presumed to be valid unless there was sufficient evidence to the contrary. Interim injunctions are governed by the Austrian Enforcement Act (not the Patent Act) and, while this law provide for the possibility of a stay of enforcement if sufficient monetary security is offered, this option is not available in patent and SPC litigation since the consequences of continuation of an infringement cannot be foreseen with sufficient certainty.
1 declined
An interesting development occurs in the early verses of ch16: Paul comes across Timothy, a disciple of Jesus with a Jewish mother and a Greek father. Paul circumcises Timothy “because of the Jews who were in those places,” (v3). For those who would accuse Paul of looking for any reason to violate the circumcision command, Timothy is the rebuttal. Paul never teaches Jews to abandon their Jewish heritage; his concern is for a path to Gentile conversion that is unobstructed by Jewish practice.
(Plus, I’m not saying someone is going to win said kit, nor nothing…I’m just sayin’ you know… if Kim knew what kind of kit you wanted she might be more inclined to produce such a thing. And then let the person that requested it, HAVE it. I dunno, you know….free. I’m not saying that’s what IS going to happen… Im just sayin’….ya know. The possibility is there *wink*)
While many are assuredly among those numbers, this phenomenon is quite multicultural in nature.
These pallets were elevated to a new high as grouped calla lilies, steel grass, hala leaves, and eremurus strike a pose reinforcing the geometric lines, while the orange roses and anthuriums provide a perfect accent.
I am what I consider to be a "delight-directed" sort of learner. Now, I know that this does not mean that all my kids are that sort of learner, and I know I have to worry about what they need to help them be successful lifelong learners, but truthfully, right now, the younger four are too young to have a real set learning style (at least, if they have desires to do anything in a way that varies from my way, I have not yet seen evidence of it), Tex (age 14), is an independent learner and does most of his work on his computer (which works for him because he is a techie and a lefty, so the computer is an ideal tool), and Bubba, well, he's graduated and doing very well adjusting to owning his own business and taking college classes a few at a time.
I am thy shield, and thy exceeding great reward. Gen. 15:1
“That cranberry pistachio bar, is that made with GF oats?”
Or you might have said to yourself…
So what is it, then? Why is it that we, the lovers of the collected works of Uwe Boll, find that we must immerse ourselves in the bad of the film world in order to find inner peace?
I was honored to be asked to participate in the amazing Freedom's Sisters show from October 25, 2008, through January 4, 2009, at the Sacramento Public Library, located at 915 I Street. Part of the Smithsonian Traveling Show, and developed at the Cincinnati Museum, this show celebrates the great achievements of 20 African American Women, including Mary McLeod Bethune, Myrlie-Evers Williams, Sonia Sanchez, Charlayne-Hunter Gault, Dr. Dorothy Height and Kathleen Cleaver.
The first hot bite
This painting is available the month of May at the Ogden Arts Gallery in Ogden, UT. It is on exhibit with the Palette Club of Ogden Spring
I couldn’t really think of anything to say today. When that happens, there is usually something that someoneelse has said that needs to be said again, and I should stop rambling–kind of like the whole “80-20 Rule“.
Then the 10th blog came. I was scraping for suggestions and ideas to put out 300 words. What seemed to be an easy assignment, wasn’t so easy, my personal pride was out there to write blogs that were enjoyable and not just to get the blog done with. I thrived for the comments, and when I would submit and blog and no comments followed, I felt exiled; the comments were as rewarding to me as the grade I might get. To see that my last blog ABDC SEASON 7. . . Already? was still getting comments was an immediate success to me. The fact that people kept coming back and reading my blogs meant that I was appealing. This final blog showed me I had done an effective job as a blogger. Although my blogging career might have to be put on hold, I have definitely learned a great deal outside of the typical writing class, which usually only accounts for writing research papers. This creative writing helped me tap into Aristotle’s rhetorical aspects and utilize them to be not only an effective writer, but an enjoyable writer.
hey friends -
So what do the experts put the poker skill to luck ratio at? Well some say 70% - 30% whilst others say 100% skill. I reckon it is more like 90% - 10% and will show you why I think that at the end of this long article.
I thought I had something better to write because I just read a friends blog and it was really good. She writes so well, it was just about her life at the moment and how its shifting but the words were put together so well. Mine… just a lot of words to say a few simple things. She uses minimal words to describe emotions that would take me paragraphs. I need to read more.
To step out of the hurricane that is the childhood industrial complex is to leave me to my own devices when it comes to evaluation, and that is a position that makes me feel highly vulnerable and exposed. One needs a combination of self-confidence and blissful ignorance not to go completely crazy from the subsequent navel gazing. Unfortunately, that combination is hard to maintain in the face of the constant barrage of experts and products trying to sell me ways to fix any number of possible child-related problems. Our culture pushes parents hard and from many different angles.
rizzi's
I have to be honest and say that initially I found the manner of telling the story through various characters and their histories very confusing, I would have preferred the story to focus on one character, Inspector Ledesma for example. However once it got used to Ong’s method I found that it added another dimension to the novel and the reader was able to learn more about each character and their motivations.
I don't think that I could have had two weeks' worth of guest posts without hosting Mr Adam Christopher - friend and debut author with Angry Robot in the very near future. I was one of the privileged beta readers of Empire State, and know how much of it has been influenced by great noir novels, so I invited Adam to talk about five of his favourite non-genre books.
I have so many random thoughts right now that i don't even know where to begin. Instead of a bunch of little post I am going to be lazy and do one post with lots of randomness.
“The Empire State Development Corporation is failing in its obligation to assure that affordable housing is built simultaneously with other elements of the project. A stand-alone arena is not acceptable,” said Assemblyman Jim Brennan in a statement. “The excessive size of the project may be adding to delays by creating more financial risks, as well as adverse environmental consequences. ESDC needs to look at a downsizing and a reconfiguration of the entire project to assure that it can proceed.”
THEREFORE BE IT RESOLVED that the General Conference of the United Methodist Church go on record as opposing the introduction of any faith-based theories such as Creationism or Intelligent Design into the science curriculum of our public schools.
When the oil begins to smoke lightly,
Cilantro for garnishing
By vote, Pakatan Keadilan Rakyat owns KL today.
So, let this be my public record of Molly's way of measuring either a lot or a little of something...
Wanting to make the most of our available time, we devised a plan for me to sneak back in to her room. That summer, when it was time for me to leave, I’d simply go park in one of the Christmas tree fields, where her parents couldn’t see the car from the house. Go read A Scary Surprise for an idea of what her property was like. FarmSlut’s room was actually in the basement, so I’d do my best Navy SEALS impression, sneaking from tree to tree, to get to her bedroom window without being spotted, which was at ground level from outside the house. It never occurred to me that it was dark out, and it is nearly impossible to see into darkness from a window in a room that has the lights on. With a quick knock on the window, she’d open and I’d slither in, feet first. It wasn’t the biggest window in the world (probably the minimum sized allowed by fire code), and I may not even fit in if I tried today. Her bed was directly beneath the window so she would take my shoes off for me while my lower body was dangling in the air in bedroom, and my upper body was on the ground outside. I really wish pictures, or videos, of this process existed because that would be hilarious to see. This allowed me to land sock-footed, or barefoot, on her bed. Usually sock-footed, I wore running shoes much more often that flip-flops back then, and it was a few years before I’d buy my first pair of boat shoes.
What is your favorite Bach piece?
McDonald AD, McDonald JC, Armstrong B, Cherry NM, Nolin AD, Robert D. Prematurity and work in pregnancy. Br J Ind Med 1988; 45: 56-62.
“And when they were come in, they went up into an upper room, where abode both Peter and James and John, and Andrew, Philip, and Thomas, Bartholomew, and Matthew, James the son of Alphaeus, and Simon Zelotes, and Judas the brother of James. These all continued with one accord in prayer and supplication, with the women, and Mary the mother of Jesus and with his brethren.”
Cloud on the left with liquid pearl and the ones on the right with my Gelly Roll pen
There was an increase in violent anti-Semitism during those years, and in 1920, during the Kapp Putsch, six Jewish citizens of Breslau were murdered by the Freikorps (nationalistic extremists). Jews were discriminated against in their careers, and in public life. Nevertheless, the Nazis were for a long time a minority party, whose election percentages remained in single figures.
So during this Veteran's day, I am thankful each time a stranger shakes a veteran's hand on the street and thanks them for their service. I know this one small kind gesture can make all the difference in the heart on one serving, always prepared to make the ultimate sacrifice for that stranger on the street. And some continue to sacrifice even after their death when so-called 'religious' groups protest while their families merely attempt to bury their loved ones with honor.
- Preheat oven to 350 degrees F. Grease one 9x5x3 inch loaf pan.
Moving in to 2009, Nkateko went from strength to strength and proved to be a very independent youngster, and learnt a lot about the local Rockfig hyena clan through far too regular contact with them, but one thing she did learn from this was to take her kills into a tree as soon as she could, and even at a just over a year old, she would hoist the smaller kills that her mom took her too almost instantly.
Tomorrow is a day to commemorate Debbie’s life, the fun moments with her, remembering the tears and sounds of laughter we had with her. She was strong with attitude till the end.
None whatsoever. I am completely unqualified in that department.
“Side by side with my husband, any wand may decide—
No, but neither could she. Which is why she says she’s going to report him if she sees it anywhere in the town- and really in a twon that only has about 12k people, it would be hard to spot the only Virginia plates, will it?
Billy Idol Dancing with myself US
My heart my mother my heart my mother
of the eye
hoping it would help me float for just a few more weeks
Gruesome, melancoly, and absolutely dripping with atmosphere it's the first book I've read in a long time that I finished in the day.
Yesterdays raindrops sparkle in the sun, treasures of a fairies jewel box.
I do not have ribbon or string so I used Nana's and I am not sure what it is.
“Deprived of blood flow, both blood vessels and nerve cells will degrade,” says Anthony Strong, Emeritus Professor of Neurosurgery, King’s College London. “The idea is that by cooling these patients, we may be able to slow down these degradation processes and give ourselves more time in which to reperfuse.”
And let's talk about this elf on the shelf
JUSTICE SCALIA: Sound is, too.
The hitmen/women
before it poured with rain (big blobs)
The above two posts were by far my most popular both having approximately 4000 views... Being a new blogger, I felt pretty good about that. The rest of my top ten didn't have near the views of the first two, but still did pretty well... Coming in 3rd through 10th, the rest of my top ten are listed below.
Using your mass notification system to remind citizens about personal preparedness is a great way to reach out to a community in crisis. You can stress the importance of staying hydrated, limiting outdoor or strenuous activities and spending time in air-conditioned places like stores, libraries, and public buildings. Invite residents to check on friends, family, and neighbors. Remind citizens to stay informed by tuning into local media stations, newspapers, and websites for weather updates. For an example of this type of usage in action, listen to the clip below from the City of Calumet, IL voiced by Police Chief Gilmore.
The oasis of Religion
South Africa will from then onwards grow and become a world power, and in my opinion, under White rule.
Like any bailout, our foreign creditors should consider the moral hazard of rewarding bad behavior, and the old investment adage of not throwing good money after bad. By continuing to "lend" us money, the world is merely delaying the necessary rebalancing of our upside down economy. By continuing to subsidize our reckless and outsized consumption, the world merely delays the inevitable re-balancing and exacerbates the underlying problem at the root of the current global financial crisis.
1. Post 10 New Blessings each day for one calendar year.
Morten Hansen in his book “Collaboration” offers some solutions. In fact one of Morten’s network rules is actually “build weak ties, not strong ones.” According to author:
You looked at me, and I looked at you,
Mandarin Oriental New York is ideally located on Columbus Circle in the Time Warner Center. Central Park is across the street, and Broadway theaters are blocks away. Shopping on Madison and Fifth is only as far as a casual stroll along the park. Mom will enjoy their 5 star Spa at Mandarin, or have an unforgettable dish at Asiate.
water to blend smoothly (~ 1/2 cup)
This Omaha Agricultural Law Lawyer is pleased to bring you this update! Please post comments on whether you think the DOL made the right decision.
Take Haiti as an example. Before the black slaves revolted and killed all the whites and half castes Haiti had a GNP greater than most of what is now the USA . It supplied 60% of all the sugar used in Europe. Today it is a wasteland. Apparently if you Google Earth the place you see is a sere, brown coloured landscape compared to the neighbouring Dominican Republic which is green and verdant. Twice the USA has occupied Haiti , building roads, ports, hospitals and schools while putting in a functional society. The moment the Americans left they reverted to dictatorship, voodoo, witchcraft, corruption and barbarism. They did not stagnate, they regressed to the primitive savagery of their forefathers
As the bell rang, my heart leaped out of my throat and my steps carried me like the wings of those birds that flew away as I ran across the school yard. My schoolbag flapped against my back and the bees chased me part way through those yellow and white flowering bushes. Grandmas walking home from getting vegetables at the street vendors shouted at me to slow down. I passed the shop that sold fried bread and soy milk in the morning, and smelled the sticky sweetness that wafted through the windows. I passed the popcorn guy who sat at the curb with his hand cranked stove that looked like an ink well inside and out. It exploded when a batch was ready, popping out sweet, fluffy and white corns wrapped in newspaper cones for fifty cents. When I got home, I gather with "my team" and we play until all our moms grew hoarse shouting out our names for dinner.
Let us not hide ourselves from Lord’s Show Business. We are destined for a great calling!
I love it when it all comes together …
Guess what, Kacie’s mom? HUNGER GAMES, BITCH.
My love for strong, heady craft beer will never die. But sometimes you find yourself at a bar where every beer you want, you want it to be the last beer of the night. That’s when you yearn for the session pint – your trusty friend with whom drinking responsibly doesn’t have to mean not drinking enough.
But I'm still mad as hell.
Me: “How do you know?”
You can respond in three ways:
Tacitus was a senator under Emperor Vespasian and later became governor of Asia. Around AD 116 in his work entitled Annals, he wrote of Emperor Nero and a fire which had swept Rome in AD 64:
I have already said that I think it is mistaken to say “There is a logically possible world in which only God exists” (though I find myself hoping that I am wrong about this). However, let’s grant for the sake of argument that God alone exists in some logically possible world. what then of propositions such as “I exist”? Can God know “I exist” to be true of himself? I’m not sure that language can exist without a world, but of course I have granted for the sake of argument that God existing alone is sufficient for a ‘possible world’ – so perhaps God could know that ‘I exist’ is true. What, then, of the proposition “God is omnipresent”? Does God himself know that the proposition “God is omnipresent” is true? It entails, after all, that God recognizes himself, from the third-person perspective, to have the property of being omnipresent (of course, defining omnipresence is itself a tricky thing, as Aquinas wanted to do it with reference to God’s power, and others have sought to do it with God’s occupancy of/at all regions). However, in a world where ‘regions’ do not exist, since nothing like space (or ‘relations between phenomenal bodies’) exists, it is hard to imagine omnipresence being true of anything (let alone ‘presence’ being true of anything). Therefore, doesn’t it seem as though the proposition “God, in all possible worlds at which only God exists, knows that the proposition ‘God is omnipotent‘ is true.” is simply meaningless, or else false?
We will gather together July 22-25, at Rosicrucian Park in San Jose, founded in 1927 by H. Spencer Lewis.
But we never got to see those thanks to Augusta National and its influence with the FAA.
*Incoming Republican House Majority
It takes a special couple to pull off a stylish wedding with just two weeks of planning. Enter Amber and Aaron. After a year of instant connection and sparks flying, Aaron proposed. Two weeks later, the two exchanged vows in a most chic and unfussy manner. And when you have San Francisco's City Hall as your backdrop, you're wearing the cutest Kate Spade dress in history and you have two uber talented photogs in your back pocket, things are bound to turn out well. Scroll down for the eye candy and some wise insight from the bride and groom...
The Doctor Myth
relentless war,
Another fact he might have wanted to check on is how much on average children's authors earn per year. In the survey I published in 2006 and others carried out by the Society of Authors it was around £5K. Unless Mr Clark is similarly poorly rewarded for his writing, I suggest he donate his fee for that outrageous column to the Royal Literary Fund's benevolent scheme or, better still, use it to buy some books for his nearest poor school.
We talk of empowerment of women in order to restore them to a position of strength. But is such empowerment possible unless they have a commensurate representation in legislature, services and other walks of life that matter? Women have to have economic independence if they are to play their rightful role in the life of the nation. Tied irrevocably to the apron-strings of their husbands, they can never rise above a feeling of subjugation and subservience which is just not warranted by the potential that they have as a separate identity.
A 21-year-old woman from North London has spent thousands of dollars on surgical procedures to look like a drag queen. Collagen Westwood told The Daily Mail she’s thrilled if she gets mistaken for a man dressing up as a woman. “I’ve admired drag queens since I was a little girl,” she said. ”They’re glamorous and beautiful — what woman wouldn’t want to look like that? I have a couple of different wigs that I wear when I go out, and people are always assuming I’m a transvestite. I love it when people mistake me for a man. It doesn’t offend me — I think drag queens look fantastic.” Westwood has had her lips plumped and her nose straightened and says she plans to have some ribs removed so she can fit into smaller corsets. She said she counts Dead or Alive singer Pete Burns as one of her idols.
curiouslee: Also, I do believe that the world will continue towards “ubiquitous computing,” and OLPC is an experiment along the way.
For those interested in pioneer stories, this will prove an interesting read. It isn't quite the same time period of the Little House books (it's set a few decades later), but the pioneer-feel is the same. I liked the first book, The Wind Blows Free. It is Melinda's coming-of-age story, readers see how she comes to accept the move and even come to love her new life. But it probably isn't the best of the trilogy.
"instituted a programme of public works hitherto unrivalled in modern Europe. Bridges, canals and roads were built, hospitals and schools, railway stations and orphanages, swamps were drained and land reclaimed, forest were planted and universities were endowed."
Did he show any of the social class snobbery, the "I'm over here and you're over there" attitude of people who feel cab drivers are beneath them?
I have with my husband, Carlos, and friends, Shan and Andrew, all lawyers. I have Prosecco, and a Caprese salad and some home-made Futtucine with shrimp, bacon and Italian sausage,
I have four cats, but the cat pictured above is Isabel. She's a chubby princess, and while she can be a huge pain in the butt, what made me fall in love with her was those beautiful green eyes, but secondly, she's a very 'quiet' cat. I can sit next to her, pet her for a few minutes and work through my writer's block. She rarely if ever stalks off before I've worked through my block.
Poly.
This all started at the beginning of 2011 (nearly a year ago! YIKES) when co-worker of mine and I were talking and realized that we both had a passion for beading. She had mentioned that she'd heard of something called wire knitting. Something like that anyway. So, the search was on for videos or just about anything to do with that. That's when I came across M.A.I.L. Maille Artisans International League. It's a great little source of information if you are interested at all. (Incidently, this is nothing anywhere close to what we were looking for, she later found a video it's actual knitting with wire...who knew?!?)
I have been wanting to try this top on for months now, so I was happy to see it still hanging in the store. Since it's arrival on the website they have released at least one more color, perhaps more. This gorgeous turquoise is so fun and perfect for this time of year. It's also very versatile. I took an X-Small in this top, and would NO WAY be able to take anything bigger. This top runs big, so size down. I could go without wearing anything underneath it because the neck doesn't dip too low, and it's not see-through, but honestly, I would probably want to wear a cami or tank anyways just to be on the safe side. It is pretty long so it's a tunic-type look on me, but I think it's really comfy and cute, and could see myself loving it. Wish listed!
I look forward to your entries and seeing which minor league teams you root for (I have a pretty good idea of which MLB teams you root for).
I’m the Asian being held/comforted by the teacher on the right.
There's even a comfy bed tucked into the loft...the perfect spot for reading, napping and dreaming. Sandy did all the work herself, installing columns, gingerbread trim, shelving, windows, insulation, doors and everything needed to create this very special studio.
He gave me a compliment on my boleos last week, that just made my day. Then last night he offered a bit of feedback where I might want to try a slightly different style of back boleo to add to my arsenal. Actually, to create an arsenal, my back boleo was really only done in one way, I would just vary the speed and timing of it, but I had always done it one way. He thought I had good control and presence in what I already do, but he has a new favorite style of back boleo, which is basically a linear boleo with contra body movement, the knees are not nestled into each other, and it creates a really nice stretch along the sides that feels really good as a follower. It is kind of sexy and elegant, I had seen professionals do it, but was not exactly sure how to do that myself. We practiced it and once I got it, I actually was really nice to have something different to add in depending on the music and the lead.
Tonight husband and I are going to see a movie.
Located one block from the Family History Library in Salt Lake City, Price & Associates is able to trace most family histories back four or five generations without difficulty. With additional assistance from our research professionals across the globe, we have successfully traced genealogies back as many as thirty generations—to William the Conqueror, 1066 A.D. and beyond.
Thursday: On Wednesday lunchtime I did a quick walk around the block (via the Hospice shop) and to my delight found a lovely pink/purple/blue paisley patterned Bonds dress. I love the colours and when I got home I gave it a wash and dried it carefully beside the fire. Voila! Here it is with the ubiquitous grey cardigan, purple opaque tights (not visible) and cream boots. I love this dress - it was just the right warmth and very comfortable to wear.
I don't want to be that emotionally hard....should I?
*Rather than chop the sun-dried tomatoes, I snipped them into little pieces with my kitchen scissors. (It was faster and easier!)
At that time, producing custom-made clothing and hats for a local clientele was one of the few socially acceptable ways for a woman to make a living. Sarah's business proved successful, but in 1903 she gave up the shop to wed Charles Hawes, a widower and prosperous merchant in nearby Morrowville. Sarah, of course, made the hat she wore for her wedding.
I got a bill from Cooley Dickinson Hospital for an appointment and procedure I never had and doesn't even apply to me but I can't get any answers until Monday and that's unnerving me.
Her pal had suggested that they go to the Phoenix park for a picnic.
Yet, I cannot help but compile this, my latest list of things that suck when you’re rude because I find the things on my list troubling. My thing is that I feel that some have become communication lazy. There is a difference between condensing parts of your life; for instance, getting rid of your home phone and using your cell as an all-in-one day planner, phone, alarm and etc. But, I don’t think that all communication should be reduced to only a phone call, email or text message. People don’t send cards much anymore as a way to connect with loved ones, which I think is a big mistake. Read about that here! I am sincerely sad about the state of affairs surrounding old-fashioned hard copy communication. I can see it, touch it, hold it reread it and blog about it whan I show others.
Aren't these cute? Not an idea of mine of course, I followed the instructions from a tutorial I found here. I had purchased these Marthat Stewart test tubes from Joanns, but wasn't quite sure what I was going to do with them at the time, it was one of those "better get them, until I think of something" kind of purchases.
He smiled slightly, putting his arm around her, and slipping one hand to her generous chest. She started to pull away, but changed her mind and relaxed slightly. If it made him happy, perhaps she should leave it there for now. Misreading the signals, Robbie’s other hand slipped up her leg, nearly managing to creep under her skirt, but she quickly slapped it away.
My Spider Stories
This is the story of our life. The funny, the sad, the downright PMSy. I have to have something to keep me busy in between dropping Hubby off for work and picking him up... speaking of which, let me get ready to head down to the ship.
Some details for the judges of how I made the outfit:
Eric's insistence on putting emphasis on every third word, leering evilly over one shoulder and gritting his teeth angrily make you miss that fact that he's not wearing a tall top hat, twirling a long black mustache and waving a long black cape around.
10. The Birds (Narration)
Why did Lori and I fall in love with this paper? Because it blends beautifully, it bleeds less than our old favorite, Neenah Classic Crest, and it has a nice, bright white color. If you have ever tried Bazzil Simply Smooth paper, the Blending Card is like a hybrid between Neenah and Bazzil.
1/3 c. cranberry juice
Here's how this image came to be associated with a Boy Scout troop in Milwaukee (what a long strange trip it's been...) One of the kids belonging to Troop 11 took a vacation trip to south Texas and while there noticed and photographed a road sign with this image on it. He and several of his fellow Troop 11 Scouts decided this would make a great patch for their 'patrol'. (Here's a quickie Boy Scout primer for you: a troop is made up of 20-60 boys, and each troop is divided into individual 'patrols' of 5-9 kids. The kids in each 'patrol' name their own group and create a patch to signify themselves.)
Bières de Chimay (Abbaye Notre Dame de Scourmont) Chimay Grande Réserve (Blue)
I satmped most of the sentiments in Tea Dye distress ink and the darker "Merry Christmas" in Vintage sepia. I don't know if you can make it out but I also stamped the large poinsettia from Year of Flowers: Poinsettia to give a subtle background detail. Nothing like my usual style but I had fun - which IS the point isn't it.
3. Share frailties.
This year, photos circulated online of Mr. Bo on a holiday in Tibet with another princeling, Chen Xiaodan, a young woman whose father heads the China Development Bank and whose grandfather was a renowned revolutionary. The result was a flurry of gossip, as well as criticism on the Internet of the two for evidently traveling with a police escort. Ms. Chen didn’t respond to requests for comment via email and Facebook.
For the past few days I really haven't felt well. I'm 35 weeks pregnant, and my energy level has been very minimal today and yesterday. I feel exhausted. I have indigestion that makes me feel nauseous. If I could lay in bed all day...I think I would!
Compendium, Inc. is a Seattle-based company, and their website, live-inspired.com, kind of says it all. They're quickly becoming my favorite small press (although Chronicle Books will always have a very special place in my heart). I'm dying to get my mitts on this adorable journal:
If you have some over ripened bananas and you are going to throw them out, you don't need to do it. Why not turn those banana into yummy cookies.
Week 9: Sunday, Nov. 4, Minnesota, 1:05 PM
The general consensus is that the ending of Mass Effect 3 is bad (90% of the vote on the Bioware forum). This sparked a campaign to petition Bioware to change the ending of the game. With over 26,000 likes on Facebook, 3,200 followers on Twitter, and over 41,000 members on the Bioware Forums the movement has a decent amount of momentum.
Tuesday in class, we practiced various vocal techniques to develop a character: speaking fast, speaking slow, speaking high, speaking low, speaking with an accent, and speaking in the voice of a celebrity. The most memorable parts were my scenes with David. He did the most ludicrous version of Kermit the Frog, and I could not help laughing, but with some coaching from John, my character said that he could not take the character of David seriously, thus saving the scene.
I'd like to say Alex helped me fend off the pineapple attack but he was laughing too hard to be useful. I would have been mad at him but his laugh sounds like Fozzie Bear's and I like that.
The Academy seems to have a thing against Aaron Sorkin, so The Social Network had an uphill climb. If you couple that with the idea that The Social Network was very much a film of NOW (in that it’s not timeless), it seemed unlikely to win. I think sometimes, when convenient, the Academy takes it upon them to give a nod to posterity, and I’ll grant that The Social Network wouldn’t age well, necessarily. Except that it’s amazingly written, and expertly acted. Toy Story 3 was a sequel (strike one) and animated (strike two). True Grit was a remake of a beloved John Wayne movie, and if there’s anything Hollywood loves as much as the British? It’s old Hollywood. As evidenced by The Artist. Oh… that brings me to…
You are who you are for a reason,
I realise that many of you are feeling demoralised. And the 2012 elections may seem to be a long way off. But, the one thing I do know is how to run a successful GLA campaign. And make no mistake, if we are to have any chance in getting a BNP assembly member in to the GLA in 2012, we have to start our action now!
Mix the dough from step 2 with sugar, then add the flour and knead on low speed for 5 minutes. Add the butter and knead for a further 2 minutes. Cover the bowl with a tea towel and rest at room temperature for 1 1/2 hours.
dash of freshly ground pepper
After a very quick turnaround for cucumber sandwiches and fruit scones, I packed up a selection of tea sets, tablecloths, two teapots and the silver tiered stand and off we headed to the television studios in North London. Even the pooches came along for the ride- moral support, of course! It was great fun selecting the teacups and plates to give the perfect look, such a thrill to see the gorgeous china put to good use. Out of the teasets I brought, the producers liked an art deco shaped yellow floral pattern, and matched it with pink gilded plates. It looked delightful. The cake stand was laden with cucumber sandwiches, fruit tartlets and rose fairycakes. Perfectly fit for Miss Marple.
"There's not much difference between saying I'm sorry and saying I apologize. Unless you're at a funeral. Worse still, my bad."
I don’t think I’ve ever played Bezique – most of my fondest memories are of the games in the ‘Card Games for Three’ book, used on occasions when it was just my parents and I interested in playing. There’s Bismarck – which is really four different card games in one, because the rules change from deal to deal – first no trumps, then random trumps, then the dealer calls trumps, and finally no trumps again, but all players trying to lose tricks. One player deals for all four variants in a row, and then the deal passes around the table, so the full match ends after twelve hands – which makes for a full evening of cards.
Norlights Press in Nashville is a small press with a variety of eclectic titles, one of which is Branding Basics for Small Business: How to Create an Irresistible Brand on Any Budget ($15.00, softcover) by Maria Ross who brings 16 years of experience to her new book. We know how the big guys like Apple, Nike and Harley Davidson create a brand image that inspires countless consumers, but the author says a small business can do that as well and then provides the blueprint to do it. Branding effectively and connecting with customers is not about how much money you have to spend, she says, but how clearly, consistently and relevantly you can communicate your message. It’s about being authentic. Check out this title and others at www.norlightspress.com. In my lifetime I have seen the rise of women in the workplace. Iron Butterflies: Women Transforming Themselves and the World by Birute Regine ($19.00, Prometheus Books) examines the transition from the traditional roles to the revolution in which a society once based on domination and power over others is beginning to crumble as an era of cooperation and community emerges, founded on the principle that power should be shared with and for others. The author weaves together the stories of sixty successful women from all walks of life and throughout the world. She spent several years in eight nations interviewing dynamic, female role models from a Congresswoman to a Pulitzer Prize-winning novelist, and others whom she calls her “Iron Butterflies.” For those of a philosophical inclination, this book will prove quite interesting.
I’m trying to make this clear. I don’t need any more models–of any sort. But I recognize you might be in a pinch for money. If so, make sure I’m a last resort. But if you want to unload that stuff incredibly cheap (like 80% off retail), I’ll pick them up off you.
I also ordered a few bars of Rose Petal Soap from C.J. at Sweet Harvest Farms, and after a couple of luxurious showers with the sweet-smelling rose-petally goodness, I can honestly say it's some of the best, most fabulous handmade soap I've ever had the pleasure of using. And coming from a self-professed soap and fragrance junkie, that is high praise, indeed. Next time I order from C.J. I'm thinking I'd like to try some of her potpourri, and maybe some of her soy candles. If they smell half as good as the soaps, it may be love at first sniff.
With considerable effort, he forced himself to master his emotions. Ahsken Lorovic was a problem to be dealt with at a later date. For right now, he needed to focus on winning the election. Senator Vorlan’s presence was a problem, but he still would win the Senate’s support. In fact, having her here would actually make his ultimate victory even sweeter. It would be much more satisfying to humiliate her to her face than to do it behind her back. And once the throne was his, he could deal with all of his enemies at his leisure.
CD: What is the saddest thing you’ve ever seen or heard?
Inside there are four screws instead of the 3 found in Pet-2. The film winder screw is also different, requiring some sort of camera caliper deal that I don't have. Another minor variation not pictured is with the screw mount on the bottom of the camera. It is smoother and doesn't grip to your fingers as the Pet-2 mount does.
This is the lovely purple flower stamp used on Laura’s German postcard. She told me that she is not very good in her English lessons. Believe me, she does just fine, especially compared to me. I know very few German words! No where near enough to write a postcard to someone! She also said that the mouse on the postcard is famous in Germany.
The man and I have been looking into buying our first home, but so far, unsuccessfully. We have however made two offers on two places, but both were rejected. The last one devastated me quite a bit, it was my perfect home. So, the search continues, but less vigorously. Our Christmas was fantastic though, and he really outdid himself this year with my gifts. (But then again, so did I!) I got him the new Jeremy Clarkson book, and gorgeous worn leather wallet, and for my grand finale: The Star Wars Blu-Ray Box set. He got me the final season of Will & Grace (which now have the complete set of), the new Nigella Lawson cookbook, as well as the Jamie Oliver Professional series of cookware by T-Fal! Oh.My.Greatness. Such an awesome gift! Pretty soon I shall be blogging all about food! Yay! The summer is also officially here, and let me just say, it is going to be a scorcher. I am not loving it.
The next site offers the ever–crucial Global Warming Bracelets and, more importantly, Flip Flops. Polar bears everywhere are weeping with relief. The site’s Take Action page includes the usual buying light bulbs, inflating tires, filling dishwashers, shortening showers, and rearranging the deck chairs.
Although I'll be in Madison, Indiana to man the taps at RiverRoots, NABC is looking forward to working with Against the Grain (and perhaps Bluegrass Brewing Company?) and Heine Brothers again this year at Louisville Loves Mountains on May 18, an event in support of Kentuckians for the Commonwealth. As before, Longest Avenue will be closed at its intersection with Bardstown Road, and a very good cause will be served along with beer and food.
My interest in higher education has led me to apply for admission in your university. This is due to the fact that by studying in a bigger institution I believe that I have higher chances of meeting and interacting with a great number of academic gurus as well as students. I hope that this chance will enable me learn and draw a lot from their experiences in order to become a great scholar. The university also has a great reputation in the country, for producing great scholars and I want to be part of this tradition. Having been born in USA, and my parents being Filipino Americans, this has really helped me in that they have always been a mentor to me with constant encouragement to embrace the attributes of hard work and integrity. Both of my parents believe in education as being the key to knowledge and this has led them to in the fore front by pursuing education.
It was 2 story apartments built of concrete blocks painted yellow, which we would be happy about in the first hurricane to come through. We had a salamander in the kitchen cupboard and one who lived in a crack in the bathroom wall, that would slink back and forth and most likely more in the walls. At my introductory scream at the one in the shower, MSB told me they were good as they ate the cockroaches and other bugs that lived with us. I have to admit, I did not see many bugs inside as there were outside, so I learned to love the salamanders. Key West was an interesting spot to begin a marriage and as it was his last enlistment we made do. Key West in 1967 was not the tourist spot it is now, and we do plan to go back someday. I have to admit now that first place was ok for the money and the area, but after Key West I had a lot more imput in house hunting.
I see who I want to be,
Lastly, just breathe. Take deep breaths and relax and let the cares slide right off of your shoulders. Sometimes we need to create peace times in our days, and waiting in line or at the red light can help fill those peaceful needs.
The problem, he says, is that not enough people are sufficiently educated or technologically savvy to exploit such rapid advances and develop as-yet-unimagined entrepreneurial niches. He and McAfee conclude their book by arguing that the same technologies now making industry far more productive should be applied to updating and improving the educational system. (In one promising example they cite, 58,000 people went online to take an artificial-intelligence class offered by Stanford University.)
Incidentally my mother quite out of the blue has stopped buying the Daily Mail and informs me that it it an 'evil lying rag that ruins peoples lives'. As she and it are at one politically and I cannot get her to disclose what has offended her so much, I'd be delighted if anyone could supply me with any information that would help me get to the bottom of this strange but welcome conversion. Has Tanya Gold been writing for them again?
Cholesterol - total: 235
Trail Run/Walk/Bike/Swim…Until you feel you are warmed up enough, followed by:
“We want good football and Blackburn to be fourth or fifth in the league or even better. The fans should trust us because this is in the best interests of the club”, said Mrs Anuradha Desai, Venky’s chief in December 2010. This statement happened to coincide with not only the sacking of Sam Allardyce, but also the launch of Venky’s Exprs, a ready to eat chicken outlet, in Bihar, India.
While I was rushing downward to the lowland,
And so the conversations floated around me at the table..........
Not everyone had a sword, or if one was owned they could be caught without it. So another more ubiquitous weapon was the humble knife, both an everyday tool as well as a favourite weapon of criminals and those who found themselves defending themselves from such ruffians. There are even traditional forms of knife-fighting still remembered in Sicily and Spain where the knife was seen as the duelling weapon of the lower and criminal classes.
#8: Hot DAMN, that makes two episodes in my countdown airing on the marathon simultaneously. At this rate I'll have to catch up to Syfy's schedule. "The Dummy" has given me goosebumps since I saw it as an impressionable tot and aided in the development of my intense fear of ventriloquist dummies. Cliff Robertson turns in a great, terrified performance here and that cackling voice of Willie's will haunt your dreams FOREVER.
I am a crafter by trade. I scrapbook for fun and I scrapbook for a living. I need to be home with my family taking care of them and our home, and this is the working relationship that works best for us and our family's needs. Although I get to be home with them, I still spend 30-40 hours a week designing, planning, cutting, hand-cutting at times, and piecing together pages, albums and projects. Pretty much a full time job. Sometimes, ALL of that time is spent on just one album. Sometimes all of that time is spent on just 4-6 pages.
And now to the crunch. How do you punish a company for such a transgression? The potential ‘financial loss’ to those whose beers were short was determined to be $17,989. The catering firm was ordered to donate $18,000 to charity. As you can see, this time the amount was rounded up, rather than down.
I hope this was informative. Feel free to add to this in the comments. It's an open forum.
No need for a kiddie pool, we used her bathtub that we don't use anymore! It worked so great! It didn't matter how cold the water was, she was splashin' around like crazy! She would get in for a little bit, then she would run around the yard like a mad woman! I will say it was the cutest thing ever!
There are certain debates that seem defined as much by their polarization as by their substance. The pro-choice, pro-life divide comes to mind. Technology as utopia/dystopia is another. These kinds of arguments have a special component to them – the tactic of disarming your opponent first, then making your own point.
1927/1928 – Wings
﻿Looking for a knock-out-wake-me-up bar? How about one with double the amount of cocoa butter for soft skin? This bar is both! Vanilla naturally turns cold process soap brown. Don't worry the soft tinted lather washes away clean.
Thanks @CircleofDisney!
I choose to be a magnet for creative ideas! Creative ideas flow to me, to God’s glory in Christ Jesus! Amen!
1 gone
Two teaspoons soy sauce
on earth as in heaven.
the witch's cards
The first thing I did was stitch the hem down. First reason being I hate hemming and figured why not get it over and done with first. The second reason was I wanted a straight hem line so I could line the fabric up with the selvedge of some neutral calico I wanted to line it with (I wanted to keep the selvedge on the calico and make it a feature, by letting it fall a few centimeters lower than the hem of the floral fabric
Moving forward a couple of days, I thought I would get the results on Monday, but didn't...I'm thinking good news, Tuesday came around and I called the office to see and they said they'd be getting back with me that day. So sweet DeeDee calls me and I'm really excited, b/c I'm thinking all good...well, I've failed again!!!
These folks are the worse kind of hypocrites. Whining about freedom of speech and their country, while stepping all over the rights and freedoms of others Americans. If you don't agree with them, you're threatened with physical violence. The scary part is that too many of our elected officials will help fan the flames of this kind of intolerance with their own reckless words and their silence in the face of such out of control behavior. This is not America.
McNeal Mission Fund
Herro~
I wish he would read this…..so I could stop crying into my Egyptian sheets and ruining their softness… Cause even though it’s corny and stupid. I rather him clear up my tear-streaked cheeks than my pillow. I wish it was different. And I didn’t sound so creepy and obsessive… Because let me tell you I am nothing like this in person…I just get this way when I have had the worse week ever. Oh here come the waterworks again…
Learn how to use exchange signals for when you should buy or sell. Software can be configured so you’re alerted once a particular rate is reached. Be sure to plan entry and exit points in advance so you will be ready when you are notified.
They were really good! They were surprisingly dense. The closest thing I can think of to describe them was a lighter version of a bagel from a chain store like Bruegers, Panera or Einsteins. Were they supposed to be like that? I don't know. Maybe I added too much flour, or kneaded it too much or not enough. I'm still trying to figure out this whole bread thing. Even if I screwed them up they were a tasty tasty side to spaghetti.Blockette did not see me making these rolls. I was a horrible parent and plonked her in front of the TV. I knew if she saw the olives she would make up her mind to hate them before the first crumb hit her tongue. She could smell that I was caramelizing onions so she just assumed the dark spots were "brown onions."
Fun fact: the word “Hanukkah” isn’t in firefox’s dictionary (its suggestion for a replacement was “Hannah”). I got confident and added “Hannukuh” to the dictionary, only to realize later that I totally slaughtered the spelling and now my butchered version is saved in the computer as the real word.
Cardstock, stamp - Stampin' Up!
that's what the theme is this month over at http://creationsbygillm.blogspot.com/ now it seems to have been an age since I have done a different shaped card it's oh so easy just to get on with the normal A5 or A6 isn't it or to make a little square one so I decided to make something a bit different (for me anyway) I haven't seen any of these cards around for a while and I do like them I remember watching C&C with Nancy Watt when I first started to make cards and she was making one of these so I kept stopping and starting the programme so I get all the measurements down Phil thought I was bonkers (well) anyway here is my card
Why? Because there is no measure in place to compare the info on the statement to what actually happened with the book.
As the card is shaped at the bottom (or side of course if you use it the other way round), you can see the bottom edge of the inside which I think looks quite pretty because you can see the pattered paper that's underneath.
Those two gentlemen lived at almost the same time on different sides of the world. Twm o’r Nant – that’s his nom de plume – was Thomas Edwards, born in 1739. Valentine Dwyer, owned the Green Mount estate in the parish of Manchester, Jamaica, he died in 1824.
were not people of strong character;
ME - Well, St.Austell have given you four pumps, and they've got you serving Proper Job as well as another IPA called 'IPA'.
I used Mexican bark paper for the covers, one of my unique clay faces for the front, an ancient grapevine branch for the spine and an old key for the bookmark.
The next color I have is Just Spotted The Lizard. Everyone says that this is a dupe to Chanel Peridot. I don't own Peridot so I can't make a comparison. This polish has a similar finish to the previous polish Into the Night. Just Spotted The Lizard is a shimmery frosty gold/ green polish. This polish only required two coats.
“Off with their heads!” I cried! Not really—but Todd kept warning me, “You know there’s not gonna be much left if I take ‘em that far down.” Repeatedly. I think he was scared I was going to freak out when I saw….this!
ULTRAMAN: THE NEXT hits the theater screens across Japan!
Good thing my stellar dancing skills are distracting enough. I was so inspired at the last wedding that there is video. Me vs. my cousin – white folk disaster dancing at its best. I trust there will be a rematch throw-down, but how will I top what went down 2 years ago? Catapilliar? Moonwalk? The Carlton Dance? Maybe I’ll kick it old school, Bawlmar “Hairspray” style with “The Bug” or “The Roach”! Bet they’d never see that coming! They probably wouldn’t understand it either. This is Lawngoiland after all.
It was filmed in Spain. The original is 105 minutes, but the U.S. release (War Goddess) is a cut up 89 minutes. There is a Japanese DVD that has English language that clocks in at 103 minutes. Here's the trailer. Contains nudity. From 1973.
But in a modern, woman-positive way:
Conclusion- Wrath has its share of flaws, and it’s really missing the fantastical flavouring that really makes a strong fantasy movie. Even merely decent fantasy movies like Clash have this flavouring in some shape or form. Wrath on the other hand is mostly dirt and grit, further rounded out with lifeless characters, a bland story and a presentation completely devoid of wonder or surprise. Despite all of the complaints I could level at it though, I am inclined to offer some perspective as well. First, there are some things that Wrath does indeed do better than its predecessor. The action scenes feel more satisfying to watch, since they don’t overly rely on special effects, and they spend more time utlizing handmade stunts and powerful fisticuffs to make them feel more believable and lifelike, even if the occasionally shoddy editing can sometimes get in the way of them. Another thing that Wrath undeniably improves over Clash is the quality of the 3D, which now actually works in the movie’s favour, both enhancing the might and fun factor of the action scenes, while also giving the movie an effective sense of atmosphere, which it admittedly could have made better use of if the dry, dreary desert sets had a little more variation in them. Again, if you absolutely abhor 3D and insist on watching the movie in 2D, it’s still well viewable in that format, and it’s not a movie with a fantastic, essential 3D job like, say, The Lorax, where you’re really not getting the full effect if you watch the movie in 2D. Still, Wrath has a very high-quality 3D job behind it for a post-conversion, and if you’re willing to tolerate 3D, I would extensively recommend seeing Wrath in 3D if you’re going to see it at all, because it makes the movie so much more engaging and easy to get sucked into compared to the 2D version. Some of the choppier action scenes may be all the more disorienting in IMAX 3D, which is something I’ve heard from some people who saw that version, but whether it’s 3D or IMAX 3D, the movie is made better by its 3D presentation, and you should go that route if given the opportunity. So, if Wrath does a couple of things better than the original, but not everything, which did I like better in the end? Well, I have to say I like both Clash and Wrath about the same, for different reasons. I found Clash to be a more fun and colourful movie, while Wrath was more engaging and more action-packed, so the difference is a bit of a wash. To simplify it further, Clash is a better fantasy movie, and Wrath is a better action movie. I will also say that for director, Liebesman, this is probably his best movie to date, however faint that praise is. I’m not sure how a third movie is supposed to work in the wake of this one (you’ll see), and I’m not sure how to feel about the idea of Warner Bros. commissioning it to be honest. I actually thought that Wrath didn’t do well at the box office initially, but upon researching it, I saw that the movie actually turned a noticeable profit, making a third Titans film all the more likely. If one is made, fine, but I wouldn’t really feel sad if the series ended here either, because I don’t know where else it can go. Anyway, in conclusion, Wrath is a strong 3D movie and a solid action movie, even if it lacks some of the more enjoyable fantasy elements from the original, and mostly fails to capitalize on a lot of its characters and Greek mythology elements. If you liked Clash and you want more, or you just want an undemanding action movie that looks cool and hits hard, Wrath is good enough to check out, but I’d keep your expectations in check. It seems that Hollywood remains far from a Greek mythology epic worthy of the great halls of Olympus.
Hi Folks! We are happy to announce that Prickley Pear is releasing a new set of clear stamps coordinated with new or already existing dies – everything to get the most out of your stash! A release party will be held May 11-13 with blog hops and a give away!
and read it to his aunts
Even earlier in 2011, the Komen Foundation was forced to release a statement to further clarify its association with 19 Planned Parenthood programs. The statement asserted that all Komen funding is used by Planned Parenthood for ongoing breast cancer programs.
The best part of Feb was going down to Utah for Brian's cousin Todd's wedding. We visited friends, and family and the wedding was lovely. It was great to be in the Temple with Brian's family, and we're so glad we could come down and be there! Here are a few pictures from the reception. The food was delicious, and Brian was on some kick of doing the Godfather.
Leaves you smiling. Unsuspecting.
just grab the bin and go :)
The signers of the Declaration of Independence pledged their lives, their fortunes and their sacred honor. Their honor they put last, in the chief place. That was what counted. And you can feel it, when 18th Century men write about their honor, or the horror of being dishonored: it's central to them, a mainspring of their thought and action. For something so central to simply vanish from a culture is astonishing. (I say “men” advisedly. The concept of honor for women was an entirely different and lesser thing: it had to do mostly with sexual fidelity, and it's hard to see it as much more than an instrument of subjection. More about that anon.) Your first guess, of course, would that “honor” hasn't really vanished: it's just going by another name. People do still talk about integrity, about being true to yourself, that sort of thing. And that, certainly, is half of what 18th Century men meant by honor.
Don’t professionals learn to think for themselves? Do they just follow templated thinking and paymasters? They certainly don’t appear to have a conscience.
I like to call old school marketing “spray and pray” (that’s not a term I made up). You blast messages out to the public. You try your best to target that content to the people you think want to hear it, but really it’s about bulk. Get as many people to hear the message as possible, understanding that only a small percentage will convert to sales. The knowledge you have about those people and their opinion of your product or your marketing efforts are basically good guesses. Sometimes they are pretty bad guesses.
For the rest - trousers and tops and all that, go for lightweight and lots of thin layers. Even in winter you're much better off with thermal leggings underneath some cotton trousers, than wearing heavy denim or track suits that soak up the damp. You can buy all manner of technical clothing, but you know what, most of it is marketing bollocks - and the rest is common sense.
Founded Elektra Records in 1950. Discovered Judy Collins. Elektra Records had the best roster of artists in the mid- late 60s including Love, The Doors, Tim Buckley and the Incredible String band. He went on to sign The Stooges and Harry Chapin. When I was a teenager in the late 60s, most of my record collection comprised LPs on the Elektra label.
THEY KNOW THIS THEY HAVE EVIL MOTIVES AM I MAKING YOU NERVOUS?
The Appenzeller is sold in three varieties.
Clinical Chemistry : 92
This coming from a girl who doesn’t even have allergies (as I say this, I hear my friend JK patiently explaining to me that these things can come on in your 20s, you know).
d. I saw a full rainbow - like the whole arch - this morning on my way to work. If I wasn't driving I would have taken a picture, bummer. When I saw it I thought of two things: I wonder if there's really a pot of gold at the end of a rainbow and I thought about God's promises to us. It was nice to have that little reminder and to be thankful.
This year will be different. This year, I want to define certain goals, and then break them down into little, achievable parts and THEN, take the most important step to actually doing those little pieces so I will see that measurable progress to reaching the end goal. I will make defined plans, because (say it with me) "if you fail to plan, you plan to fail". I will create checklists and then read them every day and check off the items I have ACHIEVED.
It's not part of the blog candy requirements but we would love for you to become a follower, but that's up to you.
If you are making the crepes from scratch, then whisk together the egg and salt until frothy, then add the milk and flour and continue to whisk until you have a smooth batter. Set aside for about 15 minutes.
Colour stamped image with promarkers.
I pray brethren that the preceding discussion has been of help in encouraging you to move through the “narrow door” into a personal and private discipleship relationship with the Father through Jesus. If you have that desire in your heart then you can be sure that the Holy Spirit placed it there. Pay heed, then, to that desire and seek the face of the Lord in prayer. If He placed it there He will confirm it and bring you to the open door to the Kingdom!
“I know that I shall die struggling for breath, and I know that I shall be horribly afraid. I know that I shall not be able to keep myself from regretting bitterly the life that has brought me to such a pass; but I disown that regret. I now, weak, old, diseased, poor, dying, hold still my soul in my hands, and I regret nothing.”
always free, as a thank you for your service to our country.
Tomorrow we are going to practice parallel parking.
After 12 weeks of PHP/IOP (To the day. I admitted to Herrick on Feb 10.).
Yep. I read every single one. I've really sucked at answering comments and email this past month though. I just can't keep up. I wish I had time to answer every one. Please know that I read them all and appreciate your comments and emails more than you can possibly know!
The guys struggled to control the raft, the girls grabbed and held onto the barrels, and the guys also held onto us, by the feet as I recall, to keep us afloat. For the next mile or so, it was a harrowing experience as we were not the only ones with rafts coming apart and the denizens of said floaters struggling to keep afloat and the pieces together. It was a crazy ride---- like crack bumper cars on a river --- and fast and furious.
I dread the hours and hours the tv is on. However, I have begun to love the football madness. OSU Buckeye games are the absolute perfect time to shop. Columbus becomes a ghost town. I can stroll any store in my scarlet and gray and have my pick....along with the other few non-fans that have discovered the same secret.
Each week I enjoy reading the responses and I learn so much from other teachers. Sometimes I'll have 20 or 30 people enter, and other times I've had over 100 entries! Because of the large number of responses, I've decided to tweak my giveaway guidelines a bit. From now on, the more people who enter, the more winners I'll choose. We'll need to have at least 25 people enter in order for me to choose a winner, and I'll pick a second winner if more than 50 people respond. If more than 100 people respond, I'll choose a third winner!
In a strange, dim dream of God.
Children who are surrounded by adults who truly listen to them, feel connected, and people who feel connected are self-assured enough to deal with most issues. Children who are self-assured, don’t tell tales: but the do come to us when they need help. Isn’t that one of the key aims of parenthood?
Sports & Outdoors Product Reviews Blog ITRB (sportsoutdoorsitrb.wordpress.com) is a participant in the Amazon Services LLC and Amazon EU Associates Programmes designed to provide a means for sites to earn advertising fees by advertising and linking to amazon.com, amazon.ca, amazon.co.uk, amazon.de, amazon.fr, amazon.it and amazon.es. Certain content that appears on this website comes from Amazon Services LLC and/or Amazon EU. This content is provided “as is” and is subject to change or removal at any time.
Well, we shouldn’t get surprised if one day we hear Bloggers Revolution or Sex Revolution. Perhaps we should try another catchy term, Uprising. Soon.
Cali Girl's last customers tonight were a couple of weirdos. One of them was wearing one of those round wool Rastafarian-wannabe hats, and stank of weed. His girlfriend looked like a soccer mom, but was speaking absolute gibberish. I seriously walked by and she was looking intently at the guy and saying, “gnarble garble larble barble.” What the fuck? I had to go in the back before I burst out laughing.
He had repaid about R1,2-million in retention bonuses in terms of the state-owned company's clawback clause in the event of resignation.
Being a Pearl Girl isn’t easy (reread Margaret’s description of the oyster, the pearl, and the sand!), but there is no more beautiful way to exemplify the woman of God, made perfect by His polishing and useful for His glory…and able to live and move “beyond me.”
Recipe:1 cup all purpose flour
I love my vintage 'Doris Day coats' from the 50s, lovingly salvaged from estate sales, attics and such, but of course, I rarely get a chance to wear them. One is far too fragile to wear (although I did wear it for one season); the stitching holding the lining together has nearly turned to dust, and it really does need to be properly restored... the other is bright red and doesn't go with anything, but it's nice during the holidays.
7-9pm, Granta Bar, ground floor, University Centre, Granta Place, off Mill Lane. The bar is no longer serving, but we collect drinks from the Cafe on the top floor and use the bar space.
Carbamide – See Urea.
6) Just fire up your glue gun and add a dab on top of your flat head tack. Press the tack onto the back of the button above or below the shank. (You can try to cut this off with wire cutters but I had no luck so I'm just going around it).
A month ago, April Perry offered this brief reflection, not only on Pinterest, but on the inevitably-dashed high expectations that too much time amidst the cunningly organized spices and hand-made soaps of the Internet, not to speak of the clever Tweets and clever blog posts (and lure to produce the some of all of them) can bring. Your children want YOU! she reminded her readers.
Me: We will get you a new one for here
A leather jacket
The House also voted overwhelming to award the Congressional Gold Medal to professional golfer Jack Nicklaus, the medal awarded for acts of heroism, especially during war. George Washington was the first recipient. Nicklaus got the medal for promoting excellence and good sportsmanship in golf.
Here is the abstract:
I also tossed in a cute new factory graphic tee with the Eiffel Tower on it, as a no-brainer match-up (we all have those days). Despite being new, it was promo priced, and with discount, the tee came to just under $14 with promo). I like that it's a v-neck, as that's always more flattering for me. I ordered a medium, again for the clinginess reasons. It's a nice longer length. And no French to mess up. ;)
Here are a few close-ups. I loved creating this layout for the Merly Impressions Design Team and you can find more details about the materials and how I created it here. Don't forget also that the challenge to win a £20 voucher is still running! You can find it here! I hope this inspired you!
Given the events of late 2001 it wouldn’t matter. Mid-August she’d said “goodbye” to her father, the last time they’d spoken, then just days later she’d heard the news on the radio driving back from the recycling tip. The first plane… the second… the pictures on TV when she got back to her mother’s and they turned on the news.
Then take up a knife and stab through the heart…
In writing
A friend confided after: “I just couldn’t: i KNEW he was going to walk back in when we were doing that and i couldn’t do it with him looking on”.
Highlight - Round In Circles
"The struggle for land reform and transfer of land is long overdue and should be speeded up to avoid the conflicts that characterize many post-independence African states," he said. "We refuse to continue living like we are in a colony. The only solution available to us now is expropriation without compensation.
Sock Puppets: -Sock Puppets – Kitty- *CuteBytes*
To control the urge to scratch, a person can apply a cooling or soothing lotion or cold compress to the area. Itching may be relieved by applying a warm compress of diluted vinegar, preferably such herbal vinegars as plantain, violet, lavender, or rose.
I've been missing my Mom a lot lately. We've all been busy and I haven't talked to her as often as I would have liked, in the past few weeks. With Mother's Day just around the corner, it's making me even more sentimental, because I truly can't remember the last I was with Mom, on Mother's Day. Hubby being in the restaurant business, is always responsible for making everyone elses Mother's Day special and often as a result, we miss out on celebrating our own mothers. If I were able to spend the day with Mom, I surely wouldn't let her set foot in the kitchen. She would find it hard, but I she would have the day off and I would try to treat her with delicious meals, all day long. After church, I would pour her a cup of coffee and start on Sunday brunch. Perhaps these Blintzes would make an appearance, with some bacon, scrambled eggs and fresh fruit.
It was going to be my first journey up north into the African continent, and I was extremely excited. Being a keen fisherman, I was also delighted by the prospects of possibly visiting Lake Malawi (also known as Lake Nyasa), one of Africa's largest lakes, which boasted more than 400 different species of fish. I couldn’t wait to get my bags and my fishing rod packed!
METLIFE INVESTORS USA INSURANCE COMPANY
On Sunday Anna had a sweet, little, Valentine party with her first school friends. First. Yes, first. It took a while but she never really connected with a group of girls at her school. Sure, she had special friends... Leah her wonderful friend she met at church when they were just babies. They share a special connection for sure, and I know they'll be friends for life.
It this book were a movie, it would probably be rated PG13- for sensuality, some language, brief, descriptive violence, and sexual references.
peace and quiet - is there any?
And did you exchange
UPDATE! (A response from Ed):
Now, go ahead and judge me, because I know probably some of you want to do it.
Yesterday we rode past the initial scenes with Jeannie and Nat. I introduced Evan, whom I think I originally wanted to call Matthew, and may yet, despite (or because of) “Mat and Nat”… maybe “Mathieu” if he turns out to be French or French-Canadian. But mostly because (after I looked it up again) that’s Sartre’s nom de guerre in Troubled Sleep.
It doesn’t matter.
* An olive tree was a representation of “be fruitful and multiply”, and promised faithful children steadfastly connected to the roots of the tree. The olive branch was promise of Noah’s family legacy. *
43. You tell me I’m adorable when I’m wearing sweats and a ponytail.
Davis: Actually, several hundred pages on Pentecostalism are now being decanted in the second volume, written with Forrest Hylton, where they properly belong. But the historical significance of Pentecostalism – evangelical Christianity – is that it’s the first modern religious movement, I believe – or religious sect – which emerged out of the urban poor. Although there are many gentrified Pentecostal churches in the United States today, and even in places like Brazil, the real crucible of Pentecostalism – the spiritual experience which propels it – the whole logic of Pentecostalism – remains within the urban poor.
1 ha-olam
And this one. Well I know pretty much know one can understand what she is saying. I can catch quite a bit, but unless you know what she is saying before hand, it is tough to get. Ryann really just busts out a stream of conscience in the form of a song when she is doing things. This time I asked her to try and put some shorts on so we could go outside and have a snack. I went to the kitchen to get the snack together, and she just started singing.
Peel the potatoes and carrots, cut them into slices of the thickness of a penny. Wash them well and dry in a tea-cloth. Fry them separately in a frying pan with a little chicken fat.
Whatever Gnosticism’s virtues as an effective path to gnosis and to unconditioned consciousness, it was simply too idiosyncratic and contrarian to make the grade as a stabilising component of Roman power. Its subversive counter-myths stood little chance of being integrated into a social order based on top-down power relations emanating from Rome and Constantinople. The prevailing Church absorbed those elements of the Gnostic worldview that best served its own ends and scuttled the rest, consigning the Gnostics to the oblivion of heresy and their scriptures to the bonfires of proscribed texts.
Ginger who blogs over at Ginger Makes has some really exciting giveaway(s) in store for us! First up is 2.5 yards of rayon in a vibrant coral hue from Paron Fabrics in NYC. And wait, there's more...it’s a remnant from Christian Dior (60″ selvedge)!! Wowza! Here's what Ginger says...
Scenes from my lap yesterday afternoon:
3 wood
He holds many classified info involving the CM activities in these portfolios and vice versa and they thereby mutually protect one another.
Please tell us your Locos Tacos story in the comments section of this blog post.
Bounce up to the top picture and look at the Cheetah's face it all makes sense.
50g butter, melted
He jumped from the house, rounded the corner, and ran to the new car that had arrived. He watched through the window as the man tucked his wallet, watch, cell phone, and keys under the floor mat. He flipped through five $20 bills and stuck them in his jeans pocket. Then he left the car quickly and hustled up the stairs and in the unlocked front door that he locked behind him. Chris was so close to following but stopped. He was more certain than ever that this was horribly wrong, but he also had a certainty nagging him that Ann wanted to do this alone. Needed to do this alone. Chris stood near the front windows with an ear tuned but staying where Ann wouldn’t see him from inside.
As the results from the first challenge came in and we found out who our bottom ten would have to prepare a pavlova, the worst five pavs would be sent home. Before they had even started the task I made a bold prediction. I told my girlfriend I’d give her $50 if Sharnee went home. There was something about the teary eyed, otherwise bubbly girl that just screamed ‘TV’ to me and I knew the producers could see it too because in the first hour alone she’d managed to score a whole bunch of screen time. Sharnee would have to have plated up absolute vomit to be sent home at this point. The judges can talk up how much this is about finding the next great Australian chef but this is a TV show and if you make good TV you get to stay.
Dictator: Can I see a big black dog?
The results are now in.
Visiting Grandma has never been so much fun.
3. Sequence 3 (3:21)
One concern from tonight’s meetings is how can we ensure that community engagement ideas are fed into the planning process?
As if you need another horror story from yours truly, but here it goes. One of my million trips to the dump truck (haha! punny), a few of my 'buddies' thought they'd be real funny and try to scare the poo out of me.
Packages are still numerous and it’s easy to navigate, however the gui takes on a glimpse that is totally different from what we have been actually used to. In addition to launching programs that old way, they are able to now be set into sub-contract groups within the main tv screen. The term 3 dimensional is one that you can very much correlate using the Motorola Xoom tablet, even the brand new GoogleMaps displays a ghostly put together of qualities in Animations.
A day so great,
Back in November I ordered some. I will admit that it didn’t cut quite the same as the vinyl I was using from Avery as it’s a little thicker than what I was used to. With some adjustments to blade depth and speed, I was able to get it to cut perfectly.
part of me doesn't really want to.
Gher viewed the Schechter’s Institute’s insistence in presenting both the viewpoints of the American and Israeli contingents of the conservative movement during the ceremony as utterly preposterous. “`Would one invite the (vehemently anti-Zionist) Satmar Hasidism to a ceremony marking Israel’s 60th anniversary?” he mused.
It's already been 2 weeks since Thanksgiving and my obsession with staying on top of all-things-work has kept me away from the ole blog.
When it comes to gin, I always have my ear to the ground to find out about new products, in particular if they have something unique about them. Some have unusual botanicals, such as Gilpin’s, with its borage, whilst others are different in other ways: Nevada Distilling’s Gin, for example, uses an alcohol base that is a mix of three grains, and Port of Dragons Gin who, in addition to having some of the best packaging I’ve seen, have created a range of gins, using a sort of “A gin for every occassion” model.
You know Labour peers at House of Lords are opposing Ken Livingstone, even the boss of the Apprentice Lord Alan Sugar is telling the voters not to vote for Ken.
It's been four years now. Four years ago today, Jill took her last breath, and I said goodbye to the dearest friend I've ever known. Cancer is such a cruel and brutal disease - for the last year of her life, Jill was in constant pain, and then the tumors that had metastasized to her brain caused a hemorrhagic stroke that left her paralyzed and unable to communicate. She was literally trapped inside her body, fully conscious of what was happening to her, fully able to feel pain, fully able to comprehend the horror of her fate, yet unable to move or communicate her needs. She could understand us when we talked to her. She could respond to yes or no questions by moving her head. We had to guess at what she needed, and it was horribly frustrating for her when we weren't able to figure out the right questions to ask. She so desperately wanted out - for so long, she had fought with all her heart just to live a little while longer and spend more time with Katie - but by the end, she just wanted out. She just wanted to be free. Her whole life, Jill had never met a challenge she didn't face head-on, and she never gave up on anything - cancer was the first thing in her life that ever made her give up, and I hate cancer for doing that to her. It had already taken away everything she had, and in the end it took away her will to live. Of all the cruel things it did to her, that might have been the cruelest of all. And I couldn't help her. I wanted more than anything for her pain and suffering to end, but I was completely helpless. All I could do was sit by her bed and watch her suffer in unbearable agony, and I'm still haunted by those memories. Katie too - she saw things no child should ever have to see, and she still has nightmares about it sometimes. I'll never forget the intensity of the emotions we all felt in those final days.
Then, a couple of months ago, oldest son Bill's boyhood friend Derek Reynolds was back visiting his parents in Springfield, IL and posted a picture on Facebook of the house they still occupy. I messaged him and asked if he might have a chance to take and post a picture of the house 2 doors away where I lived. A few minutes later, this appeared:
Never underestimate the power of friendship. I encourage you, be a good friend and gather some good friends and value them highly.
Do you start that conversation or do you trust your partner to tell you if s/he is positive for something?
Questo è il video tutorial per fare il fiocco doppio..... è facile e delizioso...... spero di farvi un regalino gradito....... d'altronde siamo quasi a Natale no??
My husband will fart in front of anyone, anywhere, anytime. He is proud. He will fart in the car, and lock the windows, or fart under the covers and fan them in my direction. He's made a habit of saying, "Honey, come smell this," or "Babe, pull my finger!" He even rates them. I suppose that's just a man thing, and I'm sure I'll get a lot of, "Oh, my husband does the same thing!"
I am sure you have already guessed but just to ensure that you know this is a wrist worn heart rate monitor about the size of a wrist watch. Once you look at this unit you will see that it looks pretty much like some other sport watch that you may find in just about any store. Nevertheless when you look at the characteristics that come with this watch you will find that it can do so much more. You will find that the feature that really stands apart is the fact that this particular watch will monitor your heart rate, and when it comes to physical exercise this is key.
You enter buildings, door are shut and you try to find keys and special items to solve puzzles. And since this is a survival horror game à la Resident Evil you encounter monsters along your way.
Remember class, unless you are writing in your diary or posting on a blog or something else which requires no skill or standards whatsoever, trying to get your readers to notice your writing is silly and counter-productive. Yes, you want the world to know how smart you are, but true students of writing will notice your subtle word play and masterful use of foreshadowing (or whatever you stuck in there). All the rest will just know you produced a good readable story, which is what is important in leisure fiction.
Epoch Times: Communist officials profit immensely from their current positions of power, why would they relinquish that?
From the foregoing, it seems probable that sometime during 2012, the demand for new dwellings will outstrip the current overhang of supply in many areas. If balance is to be maintained in the housing market, then as a starting point, lands in such areas currently held by NAMA must be released for development in time to avert this shortage.
Today is going to be a mixed bag of topics, since I've covered a lot of the major ideas already. With this post I'm going to get into some more abstract ideas such as texture and theme, as well as a discussion of how to define your waist.
Still they will cling with grace to the ideal of non-violence.
As the fallen angels take over the condo board, argue over who's handling pizza delivery, and begin planning for a little shindig otherwise known as the apocalypse, Kelly must team up with an unlikely group of allies to find her target and keep the fallen angels at bay. In the process, she befriends a reluctant Angel of Destruction, gets tips from a persistent ferret, uncovers the mysteries behind Pothole City's hottest snack food empire, and tries to prevent the end of the world.
When the circus concluded, we ended up with a sweet little bird in the cage, who I think has forgiven us and who has successfully passed her trial period that other birds have been known to fail. She is a long way from tame, but she sings, and for now, that’s enough to make everybody happy.
04 - Vreid - The Sound of the River
At long last here she is.
There are only a few followers of Christ among the Toroobe Fulani. Pray their faith will become firmly established on the truth of Scripture.
I've been working hard today (just like every other day!!) and I just checked my email and one of our previous workshop attendees and a great customer sent over pictures of an amazing project that she just finished.
Once they are hard, put them in a pretty jar and add a nice ribbon, and Voila! you have a lovely gift to give :) Just remember that you will be asked for more... :)
After 9/11, investigators found the phone number for Dar al-Hijrah in the Hamburg, Germany, apartment of one of the planners of the 9/11 attacks — Ramzi Binalshibh, a Gitmo detainee who will soon stand trial in Manhattan, if the Obama administration has its way.
Thinking of the key, each confirms a prison
I did exactly what she told me and within minutes I was well. The pain just vanished and I was able to eat my dinner too.
how far will forgiveness abound
dedication of life in this silent and overflowing leisure.
I am about to state the obvious. It rains in Washington. A lot. But, we don’t let it slow us down. We garden in the rain. We take walks in the rain. We even play at the park in the rain. The key to making it work is staying dry. Even the hardiest of Washingtonians will wilt with soggy feet, shriveled up hands and moppy hair. One of the best investments we’ve made for Beckett has been high-quality rain gear. It’s taken her through fall and winter and into the spring that just won’t arrive.
Shred cheeses and reserve cheese.
DCIPS
This is one the kids chose. I think it's great that they want to learn it, and I will support them in it. I think it's important that they learn to type and use certain programs, but learning programming is totally optional. I have to admit, I have been enjoying doing Logo with them. I'm not sure if I'll continue working with them on programming when they move to other programming languages, though.
Don't worry there was more. "Cause there's a chance he dropped the knife that was used."
Papers discuss the representations of disability in African Literature and Film. Discussant: Prof. Ato Quayson. 300-500 word abstracts and short bio by 10 March 2011; Patrick Muana (pkmuana@gmail.com).
on this God given day.
And my question for you is: do you ever get sunburned? How do you treat your skin when that happens? Any home-made cures for that?
I have been away from blog land for a while. Three jobs, three kids, and a allotment has taken my stitching time to zero. But as I am writing this I am in the Scottish Highlands and I have for 11 days stitched.
"Maintaining federal funding, keeping the roads safe, or even simple nondiscrimination don't seem to matter to James," Fernholtz wrote. "He'd rather exploit racial tension and hostility toward the national government to get ahead."
On the one hand, the idea that there is an objective, historical meaning the author intended which is clearly accessible to the skilled interpreter is one I simply can’t own: the interpreter has a more active role. On the other hand, the idea that any interpretation of the text is equally valid seems to me as unsustainable as the idea that there is a single and unique exact interpretation. Interpreters are constrained by their texts.
There just doesn’t seem to be a real practical purpose to this thing.
