Mars relates to desire, and in Virgo, only those with shit together - and with a history of having shit together - need apply.
I've looked at some of the bourbon message boards, and there is a bit of a kerfuffle about whether or not they are distilling it in Indiana, or just bottling it there. I personally could care less.
course, not quite as up close and personal
...This identity of interests between the political class and the entitled class has created a supermajority of voters in America who have a self-interest in supporting big-government.
The interns stifled their laughter, and my grin only grew. I couldn’t help it.
4)Much like any other art form to the extent that films question the ‘assumptions’ or the ‘illusions’ of their societies (in every sense) the provoke people out of their complacency. This doesn’t mean there’s always a revolution to be identified somewhere round the corner. There can be ‘gentle’ comedies of the kind mastered by Hrishikesh MUkherjee or Basu Chatterjee and sometimes in an even sharper sense in the Malayalam equivalents of the 80s that simply keep ‘nudging’ the viewer in these very same respects.
2. Self-promotion: Many businesses start their social media campaigns by continuously writing about themselves or their products. Ask yourself one question: “If I was following a Twitter account and all I saw were promotional statements, would they really keep my interest?” Some social media domains, such as Facebook, have underlying behavioural etiquette that must be addressed. Highlighting lots of branding messages on a customers personal Facebook stream would actually be detrimental to your business – the customer would get annoyed and stop following your company, in turn, telling their friends about your inconsiderate techniques. Be careful, it is easy to fall into routines that deter from your marketing objectives.
Actually, a closer station is Toranomon (Ginza line, 160yen and 11 mins from Shibuya).
- faster frame rates
If you’re smart, you’ll opt for unsaturated fats every time.
Beyond domestic pets, mass interbreeding within the animal kingdom would solve any number of problems, and think of the time it would save conservationists. Those currently fretting over that rare and endangered species of Saharan cheetahs, are clearly missing the obvious solution of importing a few thousand of the sub-Saharan breed and “Viola!” (its not as if there isn't a template).
I sent my whole beautiful team the intention of this Saturday and I would like to share it with you:
I did not think you'd care, there'd be no problems here
6. I gathered our things, and made to leave. This lady then blocked our way. “You can attack a kid, but now that my husband is coming you’re trying to leave? You’re not going anywhere.” She then put her hand on my arm and tried to stop us. All the while my daughter is getting freaked out because she is very rarely exposed to yelling or overt signs of anger. Being who I am, I figured, “Let’s see how this plays out.”
(Heritage Foundation)
It was pretty easy to put together. I had to get different Indian seasonings and herbs I’m not used to using, but this will be a good excuse to try and make another Indian dish again.
But now, I really feel like I have a shot, a genuine shot of getting CLOSE, if I don’t actually get there. I will enjoy the ride trying, though.
Feel-good fun for the whole family, that.
‘Palestinians’ seethe over Obama AIPAC speech Barry Rubin: The Real Meaning of Obama’s New Policy: War is Inevitable Two of Breitbart’s closest colleagues were Orthodox Jews @schmeared_on Thanks for the show of support! Israel allows Gaza exports of food to West Bank @dmasoodie #IDF Spokesperson Unit, responsible for contact with the press, refrains from ads since its role is a mediate, not PR Snow Falls in Jerusalem and West Bank: Israel Gets First Snowfall in Four Years by JewishNewsOne Obama Got Back Israeli High School Girls In Training
Adapting to new rules of positioning, presentation, and ways of working, we have to be good at reaching through the keyboard. Messages are more succinct, need an entertainment component, must inspire discussion, and engage participation. Building idea-based communities of interest is international.
They browse on blueberries.
Last week we took Bo and headed down to Lady Bird Lake located in downtown Austin. The loop around the whole trail is approximately 11 miles but we usually end up hiking only a selected portion of it when we go.
Now, we need to eat. As I said, we have a party to go to this afternoon. I’m sure there will be alcohol involved so I intend to go with a full tummy. I’m also bringing a batch of hummus and freshly baked pita breads. And… no drinking and driving!
Talking down to anyone is a great way to get them to stop listening. I’m unsure why more parents and teachers don’t understand that.
Anyway, to the librarian, Angela Macari, her lovely daughter, Nicole, and all the pupils of Inverkeithing High School whom I met today, have a lovely summer holiday and enjoy your reading - you never know how it might change your life.
In the final novella, Mudd has gotten even more creative with his androids and his conning and has stolen the galaxy's supply of dilithium crystals, needed to power the starships. The Enterprise is in charge of finding out where the crystals went, and follow Mudd and his rogue ship out of the galaxy, bending space and time when they return. There is a slightly dull trial of robots vs. humans in this one, but ultimately it stays true to all the characters and involves some fun time travel.
12 ounces dried orecchiette pasta
This week, the winner was announced for the 2012 PEN/Faulkner Award for Fiction. As described on their website, “the PEN/Faulkner Award for Fiction is a national prize which honors the best published works of fiction by American citizens in a calendar year.”
Frank and I will keep everyone posted via this blog. Jorene, would you mind passing the word to the family?
They may engage in dinning rituals of a fundamentalist Christian nature, openly advocate torture, and behave like total gentlemen when on a date with the same woman, but don't you dare call The Barbarian Brothers "conservative." An overly stimulated glutæus maximus crushing the spirit of human dignity, Twin Sitters (a.k.a. The Babysitters) represents a new high in the made-up pantheon of babysitting comedies that feature musclebound twins who can hit a tennis ball with a cannon-like ferocity and make killer lasagne. Repeatedly subverting the existential Zeitgeist with their seemingly brainless antics, Peter and David Paul, with some much needed guidance from writer-director John Paragon (Jambi the Genie from Pee-wee's Playhouse), have created a heart-eviscerating poem cleverly masquerading as a crudely worded suicide note. Which is kinda inappropriate, because not once did the thought of taking my own life trickle through my diseased mind as I watched this non-travesty unfold before my very stunned mouth, nose, chin and eyes. Not wanting kill oneself is just the tip of the other foot when it comes to adjudicating the misguided adoration I absorbed from this cinematic abomination. A mangled pile of scattered body parts, shards of broken glass, and deformed clumps of metal, this movie/self-inflicted gunshot wound to the head is basically a sped up episode of the Three Stooges mixed with a second-rate Chuck Norris action flick that's been anally raped by a poorly produced exercise tape from the latter half of 1985. In other words: it takes everything that's awful about slapstick comedy, punching and kicking in strategically torn clothing, and physical fitness, and magnifies it to an almost blinding level of garishness.
Q: When do you think you are an adult?
Turn right side in, and insert blow up neck pillow. It was at this point that I realized the pillow case was not going to fit over the pillow once it was blown up, so I inserted the pillow, and then blew it up.
1 T. Worcestershire sauce
Oh yeah, waterfalls are all along the south side of the gorge, with walks of various length to get there. Personal fave was the Bridal Falls. The Multnomah Falls is higher, and closer to the main road, with the sad result that it was mobbed by other tourists, and parking was a pain. So if you walk, take the long road and hit the smaller falls for a better experience.
So as you probably noticed, I’ve been a bit quiet recently! Still off the bike after my spill 7 weeks ago, but healing well (if slowly).
Embellishments (to decorate card)
I know that logically, I'm doing it for health reasons. I'm doing it because I'm genetically predisposed to diabetes and hypertension. I'm doing it because my back and knees suck and I want to be able to walk more than a few feet without crying. I'm doing it to build up endurance and, yes, to lose weight.
with theirs. I would want anyone reading this post to know that I have
A composer, conductor and drummer, Costanzo is best known as a bongo player, and is nicknamed "Mr. Bongo". He visited Havana three times in the 1940s and learned to play Afro-Cuban rhythms on the bongos and congas.
This is the big, BIG tie-breaker for me, the primary reason these stories are not on the same playing field. Whether it’s becoming immortal, or defeating a dark wizard, each main character has a goal they intend to meet at the end of the series, a theme that reoccurs in each book. It comes down to one simple question: What happens if they fail?
How you think, or your mindset, sets the tone for what follows in your career. It sets the tone for how you learn, how you interact with peers as well as prospects and clients.
Lee allegedly had sex with a 16 year old freelance prostitute, described as slim, 1.63m tall with C-cup breasts and weighs 48kg with the following ‘introduction’ on the porn website:
going on lately and I am behind in things due to that
The point with this post isn't me going on about my freakishness. No, I actually had something else in mind. I went groceryshopping this morning, and came to think of two things ~ both of which have kids involved. I have no kids of my own (and hopefully, I'll spare the world from ever putting small copies of myself into it), so forgive me if I don't understand the mom's behaviour in the following situations (I'm guessing it's stress, or just "I don't fucking care about other people than myself" ~ which seems to be the general attitude today):
'We'll just have to see who gets there first.'
V/A - 12" Combo Deluxe (Popllama 1986, comp with Young Fresh Fellows, Red Dress, The Terrible Decisions...)
So how do authors create such strong bonds with their characters?
in the shameless innocence and bold confessions,
Sainsbury's stocks the smooth peanut butter, they have lots of different flavours (cinnamon raisin swirl! dark chocolate dreams!) so I am hoping they get more popular here and start stocking more.
Later, I thanked Greg and his band--I had barely had any opportunity to talk to any of them--and they were on their way back to Nashville. Mark came to me to thank me for everything I had done and I told him what a great concert it had been. I never gave any indication how much I was hurting inside because of my failure in successfully promoting the concert and because I had lost what to me at the time was a lot of money. We shook hands and he quietly told me that tonight five people had come to Christ. At that moment I looked in his eyes and saw not a figure from rock and roll history, or an artist I had hired to perform a concert, but a brother in Christ. Standing before me was an extremely humble and gentle soul who had come to Knoxville to do a job and it was a job well done.
In different ways, life will need to be more than it was for Mom and Dad.
'I could kill you. It wasn't Mr Brown - he died six months ago!'
It’s one of the great ironies of the security industry that if the people in this compound had been dispersed on the local economy, living in houses and behaving like residents of their city vs. in a centralized target, they’d probably be safer.
For now, as promised, I wanted to share two great boutiques I discovered recently while touring the city by bike. (More on my Velib' adventure later...) Last week, I wrote about spring's vintage-inspired trend. It seems that more and more Paris boutiques are embracing the concept in the form of upscale second hand shops. We're not talking here about Goodwill style racks of malodorous cast-offs, but hand-selected items passed on by chic Parisians looking for a few extra euros in their mini-sacs.
“The myth that there is some kind of universal women experience was debunked by women of color, among others, long ago. All of us have different life histories, sexism impacts each of our lives somewhat differently and each of us is privileged in some ways but not others. Some feminists may obstinately insist that cis women have it far worse than trans women, or that traditional sexism is far worse than cissexism, or heterosexism, but the point of feminism is not to engage in this kind of Oppression Olympics. Rather, the point is to challenge societal sexism and other forms of marginalization. This is what trans feminists are focused on doing.”
Of our conscious aspiration
Lifting: Cardio circuit x 3
As they grow into adulthood, most people deal with the fragility and vulnerability of the self by taking on roles and attachments. They take on the roles of their jobs, attach themselves to certain beliefs – strengthening their identity with labels such as ‘socialists’, ‘atheists’ or ‘muslims’ – or attach themselves to ambitions, to knowledge they’ve accumulated, to their self-image as ‘important’ or ‘powerful’ people, or emotionally attach themselves to other people…These roles and attachments become the scaffolding of the ego, propping it up – and at the same time, they reinforce separation, making them more ‘walled off’.
Song-Nasri-Whizkhid
My work: am I happy at work? Is work a source of positive self esteem for me, where I feel valued and respected, giving me a foundation of confidence that is so useful when I am with my horse
Blood relatives and my immediate friends are NOT eligible to win the grand prize trip to Florida, however they are eligible to win the other prizes awarded.
Married seven times,
And you do. And I you.
That’s it for now. Blog later.
“Even if you’re buying a burger, you want to buy it from someone you like and respect,” said food industry analyst Phil Lempert, who writes a daily industry newsletter. “It’s proven that consumers are willing to pay a little bit more for fairness, whether it’s to humans or animals.”
Not far from where General George Washington made his famous crossing of the Delaware exists a strange place. Within a forest sits an open field that is filled with rocks – no vegetation. The property of the rocks is what makes the location peculiar. It seems that when the rocks are struck lightly, they ring like bells. Because stones don’t usually ring – this is a mystery to science. These rocks are composed of the same type of materials that make up most of the crust of the earth. In this particular field, though all the rocks are made of the same materials, only 1/3 of them ring.
Niketown and American Apparel downtown were hit. A half dozen Starbucks closed early after stores reported broken windows.
Sixth Category: “Happiness and Contentment” Tied heavy to the last chapter is the true good in life: Happiness. And happiness is collection of virtues in action not just material contentment as utilitarians like Mill and Dewey might mistake it as (or you know the current government). And while not a very common mistake Adler as tears apart the Stoics (and Kant) who didn’t understand that while doing the right thing is very important, you also have to succeed some of the time to actually be happy
Here are the Design Team's amazing cards for your inspiration!!
Marie Otero
Not surprisingly, all citations mentioning these offers of freedom speak of Mandela having to accept “exile” in the Transkei. Since when is an offer of freedom in your home country, among your own family and friends, considered “exile”? Did Mandela perhaps refuse to accept these offers for personal reasons, and the fact that the descendants of his branch of the royal Thembu family were not eligible to succeed to the Thembu throne? The revelation of African culture in Long walk to freedom, by Munzhedzi James Mafela.
Reviewed By: Seth
I used some Basic Grey Jovial pp... just adore this range, the flowers are perfect for fussy cutting and the colours are so delicious, so you will be seeing this range pop up on quite a few of my creations as I have been going to town with it!! I have Kraft as my background and added some black paint splatters, then distressed and inked the edges to grunge it up a little. The Santa bingo card is from Simple Stories and the gorgeous Christmas charm is a new range of Charming Chains handmade by Tracy at my2angels.
The Short Story? - The Unbecoming of Mara Dyer is one of those books that really does your head in. It completely twists everything and blurs the line between reality and fantasy. I think YA psychological thriller is a more accurate description for the book. Edgy, dark and chilling, Hodkin's debut is really something original. Beautiful characterisation, mind-blowing plot and a narrative voice that completely consumes the reader!
Initially that indoctrination, together with so much else was aimed at undermining our society, however, over the years the aims have metamorphosed into something far more based on animus and iconoclasm than it is on ideology. The aim is no longer merely the destruction of our society and has become the destruction of us as a people.
'Nuff said.
Australia's national and state governments have combined to deliver a robust public health program that has had notable success in reducing coronary disease, the AIDS/HIV infection rate, cigarette smoking, and the mortality rate from traffic accidents. Australians enjoy a high level of immunization vaccination that has reduced the level of infectious disease, although not entirely.
*HOUSE ON HAUNTED HILL – Movie trailer (excerpt)
"But how does God know that is best? I don't think that is really best."
3) Germany
5. Once the agents get in touch with you, read my blog post on Questions to Ask Before Signing with an Agent and don’t forget to read the comments. This should help give you an idea of what the agents are about and who you would be most comfortable working with. And then go for it. Sign with the agent.
Shu: How the hell do you make a character this goddamn unlikeable? He spends like 14 episodes, whining and complaining all the time, AND he’s just an unpleasant person too. How are we meant to sympathise when we want to beat his fucking face in? And then he goes all Hitler on us and it’s fucking hilarious.
Azur 650bd Review – Is The Azur 650bd Worth Your Money? Let Us Find Out In This Review!
The war metaphor carries on throughout Dirty Snow, appropriately. In the section My Wounds, Wayman writes elegies to loved ones and deceased members of the Slocan Valley community. Once again the poet introduces each poem with an epigraph that provides some insight into why he chose to include the piece. These take the place of a Foreword or Introduction, the writing of which seems to have been discouraged in poetry collections over the years. Yet Wayman’s epigraphs often provide fascinating details or perspectives that add to, rather than take away from, the poems. For example, prefacing the poem Snow Right to the Water, he notes: “Even in peacetime, death shadows our lives. One of the devastating events that happens to us all in the normal course of life is the loss of a parent, then the other. I remember reading the see-sawing statistics from Afghanistan on which side killed the most civilians in a given month: the enemy, or ourselves. I doubt it was a comfort to any individual to think that at least their mother or father was shot or blown up by the forces of truth, justice and light…”
If soaking your prunes, put in heatproof bowl and pour over the hot tea or the Armagnac and water mix that you’ve warmed together. Cover and let stand.
CP: I am exited! Working was brilliant! We worked together with a producer for the first time (José Alvarez) and it was a new but cool experience! Now we hope that the fans like the “new” sound, but it still sounds like BE.
Southampton (showing that food dyes
5) John Clark. It seemd that every time he cleared the ball out of defence, it ended up going out of the ground. His right leg was like the ‘Iron Man’s', he would kick the ball at the boothen end and it would disappear over the Stoke End Stand. He had absolutely no control over the awesome power in his kicking foot.
The problem with Path is though that it currently has about 798 million less users than Facebook. No one I know was on it until I convinced a few of my friends to try it out and the fact is a social network is only as good as its network. But with such an interest right now on sites with design at its core like Instagram and Pinterest it wouldn’t surprise me one bit if Path comes more and more to our attention in coming months.
“As creator, God’s act is the beginning of all creation.”
Your suit contends that among the things you lost are significant pain, suffering, and loss of enjoyment. What joy has been lost Dennis? What acts of enjoyment went missing in your life. I'm sorry to say some less than desirable acts come to mind here Dennis. Some of those acts, which perhaps you can no longer wrap your mouth around, are ones that I wish I wasn't wrapping my mind around. We'll just let it go at that Dennis.
And sorry for the really messy hair, haha this is why I hate using flash!
The CoE was set up in 1949 - by the UK among others - is more of an inter-governmental co-operation organisation, kind of like a Europe-only UN, with a specific focus on civil rights by the European Convention on Human Rights, which the UK drafted, and a less obvious focus on pharmacology standards.
The Sonic sedan isn’t a bad looking vehicle, unlike some of its B-segment counterparts which are dreadful and bland in comparison. From the front it’s rather aggressive with the big headlights while the back can be summed up easily; neat. While some may say it resembles a low-budget rental car, I don’t think that description could be construed as a criticism. People want small, neat and functional cars.
Apparently Mario Monte has announced a cabinet comprised entirely of technocrats. In other words a cabinet, a complete government comprised entirely of unelected officials.
Molson Breweries Of Canada. Ltd. Molson Ice
Fritz Rahr, Owner and Brew Master
He went on:
We have to move.
Smith-Corona Sterling. Serial 4AR 42795. How many people remember my brother Dave's last "What's wrong with this picture" feature? Many must, judging by the traffic it got. Those who do will find this machine of interest. Not only is this another mutant Speedline (4 series) machine painted in essentially Super 5 era paint, it's painted in Desert Sand and has white keytops! Note the keytops are "T" cross section, and note also that the logo is plastic with an underline. In point of fact, the keytops and the logo happen to closely match the previously seen Silent-Super with a production date of 1957. Is that even possible? It might just be, although I'm fairly certain that this color was available before that time. Still, this is about the latest-schemed 4AR I personally know of and it's also important to note that the other 4AR machines we showed with Smith-Corona name brand applied used decals to indicate brand, and model (if used.) This machine has the logo punched through just like the Super 5 machines, and in fact it's the same logo, making the decor even a bit closer overall to being truly Super 5.
The full carbon 105 has a RRP of $2,450 (so probably $2,300 off the floor.)
This is a soft, fruity blend (no other way to describe it). The motif is in #80.
Whaley left the room but later returned to find his grandmother out of the tub, unresponsive and lying on her bedroom floor. He decided at that point not to kill his aunt, but instead to call 911 and report the crime, according to the affidavit.
Seriously? What kind of backwards baloney is that?
Insulated Concrete Forms: For Homeowners looking at qualities like: Strength, Fire Resistance, Pest Resistance, Energy Efficiency, Air Quality, Sound Dampening, Economic Efficiency, Durability, and Environmental Responsibility… ICF is by far the most effective and highest performing of all building system solutions.
5.) Paulette Goddard had no children, although she miscarried in the mid 40’s while married to actor Burgess Meredith. Upon her death in Ronco, Switzerland, where she had retired, she left $20 million to New York University. As a result, Goddard Hall, a freshman residence dorm located on Washington Square is named in her honor.
So now this here blog is getting the breath of life once again. Whomever reads it reads it. Post something or no. However, this time around I’m not putting out those lovely little things I learned in school, but I’m sure going to give you an earful regarding some of the people I’m forced to work with there, because frankly, some of them are a few buns shy of a bakers dozen. Which in basic terms means; they’re either beating down the door of “Bump on a Log” or they’re dumber than Dan Quayle sharin’ a sweet potatoe pie with Murphy Browne.
- Suppression of evidence
Flip the box upside down and make it rain donuts.
We all feel at times that what we wish for is beyond our reach, but if you keep striving towards your goal, it’s more than possible that you’ll get there one day. Sometimes the only thing needed to make the impossible dream come true, is patience. Often, we give up too soon, and maybe, just before our dream was about to be realized.
Call me bloggerati, call me adventurous, call me a wind-up merchant, just don't call me Shirley.
To create wealth, one needs skills.
And had they dared to linger
We are members of the Sternberg Museum of Natural History in Hays, Kansas. The Sternberg is a great example of the value of an ASTC membership. It's a relatively small museum with some fine fossil specimens, including the world-famous "fish-within-a-fish" and others from the time when Kansas was part of a great inland sea. Their animatronic dinosaur diorama always thrills the kids. My favorite part of the Sternberg is the well-stocked and well-maintained "Discovery Room" -- chock full of nature activities, books, toys, and specimens appropriate to all ages. If we lived in Hays, I'm sure we would visit weekly, and never run out of interest.
I’m excited about fresh, organic vegetables right out of the front yard. Here’s hoping I do better with vegetables than I do with orchids!
In an edition of the Radio 4 show to be broadcast today, the New York-born star says: ‘I wouldn’t say the Jews or the blacks today are suffering from racism. ‘I don’t think it’s such a terrible disadvantage to be black or Jewish today.’
Love is a pain, when you life is away from you
Is your work fast paced? Well that shows that you are driven. Work in sales? Then you are target orientated and used to working under pressure. More creative? Then you are ideas led. You get the idea, people.
Well, this is where GreenPrint comes in. It's a free program that intercepts your document job before it actually gets to the printer and it then recommends ways you can reduce the amount of pages you're about to print -- for example, deleting the useless end pages or graphics or parts of the text that you don't need. It also has a PDF maker so you can print an electronic version that you can email if you want to do that. Handy dandy!
What is meant by “love” is neither the common notion of sentimental romance nor the feeling of being attached to things, but the expansive, ever present reality of wisdom-compassion. A person who is fully resonant in the Positive Possibilities knows within each cell that he or she is wisely interconnected to all things in a way that the limited mind, or ego, cannot grasp or comprehend. A person resonant in the Positive Possibilities understands that to love oneself unconditionally is to love all things equally.
The Different Kinds of Leadership
So many seats remain unsold in South Africa that organisers have slashed prices to just £10.
New pumpkin spice cappuccinos? How similar to Starbucks, and yet your price is so right. Shall i see what all the fuss is about? (After sipping) Ooh, child, this is fabulous stuff. I can see why people get excited over this drink. Thank you for selling 16 ounces for, like, a dollar. This is my new favorite fall treat. I am already thinking about the next Wawa run i can make.
Love that has replaced those negative qualities with a healing energy because the intent behind the food is love, pure and simple. Losing a parent is practically a Universal experience. If you haven't gone through it yet, most likely you will. So for those who have lost someone close whether it be a child, a parent, a spouse or other loved one we understand the paradigm of food is love.
Happy monday morning to the west side, hope you’re having a great day central locals and a wonderful peaceful good night to the easteners.
I think that they should be: for surely all else in Nature that is about relationships has math? Light, Gravity, Water and Heat etc. So why would there not be Math that supports how Human Relationships work?
She wants to hold your hand as you two cross the street again. She wants some of your eggs. Wants to guess what you will say next. She wants to know what else you will say. What she can do. What else you need. Wants to laugh for you. Smile at you. Make fun of you. Fun with you.
"Kristin, who signed a pre-nuptial agreement, is adamant that she was in love with Hardy, now 85, not his money. "I loved Joe," says Kristin, now 24. "I did not marry him for his money. People were calling me a gold-digger but that could not be further from the truth. I married for love and it is as simple as that.
I do not like Negligence and Fraud.
the joy of moving into a house is that you only get to see the house a few times before you commit. Then you move in and discover lots of new things. Some good, some bad. Some make you want to cry and some are fun to find. Like 'gnomeo and juliet' around the side of the garage.......we all have to go and say hi to them every day.
In New Cornwall, all cigarette and cigar sales are made by the state's Tobacco Control Board; pipe and chewing tobacco are sold by private businesses (leaf shops sell Prince Albert in the can (hee hee!) and 20-packs of Skoal; gas stations can sell bags of Red Man and single cans of Copenhagen. No one knows why). Every town of 3,000 people gets a Smoke Shop; the prices are the same in every town -- high -- cigars are only available in stores in big cities, and the sales clerks are only allowed to sell smokes to 16 year olds and up. Tobacco sales are "controlled" by the state because tobacco is a health hazard (which apparently is no worse in neighboring, "uncontrolled" states than in New Cornwall) and because the taxes are a huge source of revenue.
What do I need to do, baby?
The shortness of the record is an important point, though, because the planet’s climatological past extends back a little bit farther than that! Said past is only knowable by indirect means, by proxy – often through the use of tree rings, ice cores, and lake sediment samples, that sort of thing. But when NASA, and then The New York Times, says that 2010 was the warmest year in the instrumental record, they are ignoring the important proxy record showing temperatures during the ice age that began three million years ago (not long at all, that) to have routinely exceeded the values streaming across television screens, Times Square tickers, and newspaper front pages.
According to opensecrets.org, Rogers’ Pac received $103,000 in this election cycle from 12 companies that have lobbied for Cispa.
Master Bedroom: Possibly Silver/gray and yellow, as in these colors:
The Tick as a hero isn't all there, having escaped from a mental institute with apparent amnesia. He is nigh invulnerable though, with super strength, and super-zany speeches and catchphrases the Tick does what any tights-wearing person in his situation would do; fight crime. He's surrounded by an equally zany cast of characters and for a while enjoyed a multi-media acceptance in the form of comics, a cartoon, and even a live-action tv show. The latter of which was awesome, don't let any naysayers tell you differently!
ANSWER: As discussed many times before, your contracts are beginning plans only, changeable as you grow. They don’t represent a “set-in-cement” plan for your life. If they did, where’s your free choice to change? How could you respond to spiritual growth if you had no choice to change?
Cities
Vert: 14,000'
(I gave up trying to polish the fingerprints off for the photograph as it was flexing too much and I didn't want it to break.)
$5 at the door – All Ages Welcome
you gotta go where you gotta go, and thankfully here in Ohio I'm 2 minutes away from the AFB. So off to the ER it was for me.
Of course there’s no intrinsic need to take either representation or inference as derivative of the other – both concepts could be explanatorily fundamental. But Brandom thinks he can show that reference is derivative of inference – thereby going against much of the modern analytic tradition.
Clearly, everything bagels always taste better with crunking.
Beatrice Shilling OBE, PhD, MSc, CEng was a highly talented aeronautical engineer - and motorcycle racer, gaining a Gold Star at Brooklands for her 106mph lap. She became hugely famous when she found an elegantly simple cure for the engine cutting-out problems experienced by Spitfire and Hurricane pilots when making extreme turns. It was a simple fuel-restriction device, like a washer with a needle valve, that was fitted into the SU carburettor and solved (nearly) the problem until pressurised carburettors were fitted to the Merlin engine. The little device became known as "Tilly's orifice" - and many of our brave fighter pilots owed their life to it.
Camping – Bond Better With Nature
While I was working at the office that day, I was doing just fine in our morning meeting. At 8AM I went to the rest and thought my SOUL just left my body. Kinda like if you have a stomach virus one day, and the next day your body is just plain out of nutrients. Then the coughing comes, and I keep coughing and coughing. All of 30 minutes later my heart is pounding through the roof and I started FREEZING. I ask the boss to leave and he agrees looking at me like I'm about to keel over. I barely drag ass to the car, get in, and TURN THE HEAT ALL THE WAY UP. That helps. Remember, it's a good 85 degrees outside at the time. Somehow I manage enough energy to make it to the Specs and HEB to look for Divine Reserve. Finding none, I make it home, chug some Dayquil, and lay on the couch and sweat it out.
So there you have it! How we store our storage containers. Pretty exciting stuff right? And who loves that it's also a "Got 15?" type of quickie project? Those are my personal favs!
Only the stuttering rifles' rapid rattle
Now the doors be shut up
Let the word of Christ richly dwell within you, with all wisdom teaching and admonishing one another with psalms and hymns and spiritual songs, singing with thankfulness in your hearts to God. Whatever you do in word or deed, do all in the name of the Lord Jesus, giving thanks through Him to God the Father. (Col. 3:16-17)
Dear Sir or Madam:
"That's very generous of you, mama............ but this time around would you also take the leaky boobs"??????
Top 3:
state as the chair that I’m sitting on right now.
27. Frank Ellis, ‘A New Word Order for a Brave New World’, in The Salisbury Review, vol., 12, no 1, 1993, p.9.
Congratulations to all! See what you get for just 1 comment, lol!
We spent Saturday afternoon and evening with my Robinson cousins and it was great to see them! Cousin Debbie, her husband Reg, and their daughter Brynn picked us up at the RV park and took us to Sandra and Eddie's house in Mississauga.
Pua claimed Kumpulan Europlus Bhd was not qualified to take up the project.
I continued “You know, you have studied …. you know you should, do cover yourself up when going out.”
Last but never least, hats! Hats add a great retro look to any signature style (sadly, they are not worn as frequently today!) I myself prefer a headband or tilt-style hat for the most part (because I have a ginormous head!) but there are so many beautiful styles to choose from, I would encourage you to play with them all!
Therefore, THE NEW AMERICAN CINEMA is a handy book when it comes to disseminating info about the mid-sixties underground film explosion, not as handy as Parker Tyler's own book or some of the other collections that were popping up from the sixties onwards, but good enough if you wanna fill in some of the myriad assortment of blanks that might have popped up in your mind. Mainly a collection of essays that appeared in all of those "important" publications I'm sure every high school phony intellectual's scarf up in order to impress someone that he wasn't the noodge everyone has him pegged as, THE NEW AMERICAN CINEMA has a wide array of writers (all coming outta the same channel of new hip Amerigan thought) who, in twenty-plus chapters, all have the same message to zap right into your unaware suburban button down plastic mind. Naturally these tomes all have that brainy, allegedly witty, allegorical and at times obtuse in its flowery style that you don't what the hell you're reading, but at least you can sift through the references to Greek Philosophers and the bloated nature of Hollywood and find something concrete regarding whatever hotcha mid-sixties underground filmmaker you'd choose to research.
Sassy Kami wanted to be a princess. She picked Cinderella, her favorite! Like her little pose? :)
Arab country to teach love and tolerance..
Peepee
Now at the end of the days that the king had said he should bring them in, then the prince of the eunuchs brought them in before Nebuchadnezzar. And the king communed with them; and among them all was found none like Daniel, Hananiah, Mishael, and Azariah: therefore stood they before the king. And in all matters of wisdom and understanding, that the king enquired of them, he found them ten times better than all the magicians and astrologers that were in all his realm.
Sandpoint, ID–The world’s leading author of information about emerging pandemics is matching a $2500 contest award posted by the U.S. Federal Government to encourage the best use of YouTube for public education regarding vaccinations and more natural protections this swine flu season.
Overall, I'm really happy with how the theme looks, it's stylish (if I may say so myself), well organized, and I hope Bree feels it does her blog justice. I've certainly tried my best.
Here are some links to more helpful volcanism and earthquake treats in California and the rest of the western parts of our amazing Nation’s landscape:
Last night, we had a Cub Scout Den Meeting. Toward the end of the meeting, we had a few extra minutes so the boys were playing Paper/Scissors/Rock in a sort of Star Wars themed tournament style. Everyone was having fun and were still talking about it as they were leaving.
human energy – that was acquired without exchanging something else of
Perhaps these were a kind of exercise or study of patterns, it is my intention to put them in a frame as a kind of sampler.
I don't understand how Jennifer Lawerence can be 'too big'. In The Hunger Game she shows a strong young woman - both mentally and physically - a great role model for young girls in my opinion.
Have I mentioned that the Cuties are really silly? If not, I'm mentioning it now. Every day with them is filled with lots of laughs and last Friday was no exception.
The main equipment you need, to make authentic naan at home is a tandoor. A coal burning tandoor isn't practical for most homes and the electric tandoors take up too much place if you live in an apartment and only use it occassionally. My mom-in-law has an ingenious contraption that fits over a regular gas burner but works like a tandoor. This needs to be preheated before you can start using it, much like how an oven would operate.
Intern: F$%* you, Guinsoo. I don’t get paid enough for this. I can’t carry this company anymore. Seriously, learn to work, noobs.
Yolk of the Day- A post/video of the most impressive play of the day will be
4. eyes as candles- passion pit
“We have about 25 members at the moment, but have had quite a lot of enquiries lately.”
You have not let me understand,
Have you been checking out the goods on ASOS.com? It's kind of wicked cute stuff. More wicked cute (like sharp and chic) than precious cute (a la ModCloth). I ordered two dresses from there today. I await delivery with bated breath! Nope, this is not a sponsored post.
I hope you all have a wonderful evening.
Supplies used -
Even though we weren’t at the birth center, I was still under the midwives’ care the entire time and they were totally there for me. The whole birth experience was amazing and it really took my relationship with my husband to a whole new level. I love my husband and I love the son that we created. The day Jack was born, we became a true family. I
"Mimi? Mimi is fabulous and Phyllis couldn't be happier because Daddy would be so proud of how Phyllis has raised Mimi."
Traditionally, this is the one day of the year when a woman can ask a man to marry her.
His weekend started with a little celebration at school, unfortunately I had school stuff to handle, so Daddy was awesome enough to take care of it.
But then again, (and here’s my dirty little secret), I’m a romantic optimist somewhere deep inside my scarred little cynical heart.
I'm more of a sinner than a saint,
When people that I knew in the past took the test, and did poorly, I couldn't understand why they were as bummed out as they were, and now I can feel why. I feel like I took only one thing out of this experience, and that is, never judge someones feelings or thoughts, they have reasoning behind it. We may, or may not agree with them or the situation, but its how they feel. I am going to try to understand that and accept that of others, as I hope I can feel accepted.
Are you living in your Promised Land? If not, release the goals of your life to the Lord and simply be obedient to His voice. Ask Him for the steps you are to take to receive your Promised Land.
Yes we do. But emotions are our constant companions. We react to people, conversations, events, news…we react to everything and most of us do not allow ourselves to experience the “bad” emotions, such as fear or anger.
As an arranger of musical oddities myself, I must say that this place is a regular travel destination for me, and so when they produced the Sepiachord Companion anthology last year, I grabbed it and was delighted. Thus, I have eagerly awaited this year’s audio collection – A Sepiachord Passport – and I am happy to say it did not disappoint.
Next, narrow down your list to your top two or three designers. Then schedule an interview with them, either in person or over the phone. Write down a list of questions before your meeting, then keep your questions in front of you during your interviews so that you don’t leave anything out. Jot down notes, impressions, and follow-up questions throughout the conversation. Don’t feel shy; the cost is too high and the longevity of a kitchen is too long to be uncomfortable with the process.
Also in the Broadway cast: Tom Ewell, habitue of Sardi's Restaurant, who played opposite Marilyn in the film. Anybody looking for him could find him parked at Sardi's 'little bar'.
Glitter: DecoArt
Today I take you on a past adventure, one from 2007. Writers often need to flee ship and crew, go far away to capture treasure on paper. The place they go? A residency. This, me scallywags, is a place for contemplation, immersion, communing with the story. Residencies are applied for and often denied as the need is high, writers many, and possibilities limited. Aye, I've been lucky and nailed many a residency, and one of my favorite was a month in winter at Vermont Studio Center in Johnson, Vermont, a wee hamlet that echoes me own home town in spirit, where you'll still find stenciled on the sidewalks "Kill Your TV."
Soba is a Japanese noodle that is made out of buckwheat flour. It is packed with vitamin B, has a higher protein content that most noodles and it is also said to help lower blood pressure and cholesterol as well as increase your metabolism. WIN!! Since I had just made some Kim Chee Cucumbers, I decided to make a Kim Chee Soba as a nice refreshing dinner.
Bad news that turns good is a good thing, but unfortunately it turned bad again the next night. After a nice day that included a birthday party, circus class for Maia, followed by a lovely dinner out we got home an hour after dark. As Maia and I walked down the break water I couldn’t see our dinghy—Evan, who arrived by bike
bigger means
Let’s stop this violence and try to live in peace. Eh?
—- so few, and even their rages
Catholics K Sudhagaran Stanley and Joachim Xavier had lodged a police report in July last year against the two reporters. On Aug 27 the Catholic Lawyers Society handed a memorandum to the Home Ministry urging it to take action. There was no response. They must have hoped it would eventually be forgotten.
Politicking coalition of
in your program. We have conveyed to the U.S. government our
In the back of my summer of 2010 notebook I made my summer reading list. And on another page, my summer goals.
The Cure: A Forest
I chose this title for a couple of reasons. First, I’m back to Denmark from 10-ish days traveling around Europe (WHATTT?!?!?!). Secondly, the parts of me that seemed to have gone missing for a period while I adjusted to this new world and life have begun to resurface slowly and it’s making me REALLY FREAKING HAPPY BECAUSE I DON’T THINK YOU KNOW HOW FRUSTRATED I’VE BEEN FEELING LIKE I’M NOT MYSELF (or maybe you do, I don’t know. if you do, let’s talk.) So yes. I’m back. And maybe even better than ever (like hess trucks…)
Now I know you are asking what's the big deal...It's an old car and rust is bound to happen and it's fixable. Yes it is. Here's the scary part. That's the floor board on the passenger side of the car underneath the seat. That was where my behind was planted on a regular basis, people. And if we are going to be painfully honest here (you know, full disclosure and all that) my behind is not that of a young, 120 pound waif. No sirree, it belongs to a full figured gal that has birth two strapping boys. It kind of freaked me out a bit.
There are tons of great things that have come from nothing, just watch any "as seen on TV" product.. sell by the millions.
This sort of links back to what I was talking about earlier this week, and what my main point is when I give my social media talks at conference: Social Media isn't about 10 million followers. It's about generating a following who are going to come together as a community because of you or your product. It's about people coming together because of a common interest and then knowing they can always return to this community for updates, discussions or, the best part, bonus material, relating to said product/person. (bonus material can include sneak peeks, fan art, video clips and more).
“It is expensive for the companies to provide the guaranteed coverage customers want,” Ramsey agreed. “In recent years, many companies have withdrawn or significantly revised their NLG products to increase prices or restrict availability. Then again, Prudential and some other companies have lowered prices and some other companies have just begun to offer NLG products.”
3. Hardware: Iron knobs (81EUP6 and 81EUP7) and backplates (92U86 and 92U87); White Chapel Ltd..
I am a poor college student, and like many people ,I do not have a lot of money to give to the Church or to the poor. (Although I am fairly certain that I could spare 2 bucks a week) Of course, what I have an abundance of is time. I challenge anyone who is reading this, and I include myself, to give of your time to help the poor and needy. In the United States, if the 224,457,000 people that claim to be “Christians” spent one hour a week serving in their community that would be close to 11.5 billion hours of service a year. Think of all the good we could do for those who are less fortunate if we could only commit to spending 1 hour a week sacrificing our time and serving the poor. Again, this is something that I am convicted of daily. I have not done what I should in serving others, especially those who are less fortunate than myself. I have failed, as have many “Christians” in the area of helping the poor, but we can right the ship. We can start today by looking for opportunities to serve in our communities. We can give that homeless guy on the corner a few bucks to buy himself a sandwich. We can become the change that is so needed in our culture. We can change the way that the world views the Church. We can change the world for the glory of God.
The special arrangement for choir and string orchestra was first performed at the Annual General Meeting of NFWI held in the Queen's Hall, London in 1924. Mr Leslie conducted the singing himself and brought a choir from local WIs. It was so successful, it has been sung at the opening of NFWI AGMs to this day. Many WIs also open meetings by singing Jerusalem.
Almost always this fear is unfounded and illogical. And often the fear is rooted in a strong ignorant bigotry.
Edward Artemiev and sung by the excellent singer
Cut raw butter biscuits into an egg/oval shape. Bake and cool as normal. Make royal icing recipe as normal and split un-dyed icing into 4 separate bowls, with the last portion being less than 1/4 cup worth. Leave the smallest batch plain (white), dye the next smallest black (for the eyes), dye the largest yellow (for the chicken feathers) and the second largest orange (for the feet and beak).
Katy is the mastermind behind the blog I'm a Ginger Monkey. She's quite unique. You can read her bio post here. Katy has lots going on with her blog including tutorials. Her quilts get quilted by her long arm quilter friend Chris, because she rather put together the quilt than quilt it herself.
Distributors – Pro-act
Oh, notice the Wii Fit sitting next to me? I asked my brother for that for Christmas, thinking I could start using it at home during that last trimester. You guessed it- it’s NEVER been opened!
Florya at the end.
Further heating of the investment will release all remaining water. This occurs at 200C (392F). This is step 2.
I'm just home from work and hungry, "Thanks!" I reply. "I'll take it."
3) Little Cupcake: Way out in Bay Ridge but such fabulous flavors. Go there hungry. Really. Coconut cloud is outstanding.
Total time: 1 hour 20 minutes
Marvel Studios has spent the last three years bringing superheroes to the silver screen with unparalleled charm, wit, and integrity. Packed with a star studded cast, plenty of action, and a dash of comic book camp, Captain America is no exception. Director Joe Johnston expertly balances the feel of 1940′s America (as he did in his 1991 classic, The Rocketeer) with the campy science fiction of a comic book. The period sets have a nostalgic charm and the characters are larger than life in their heroics. Cap’s wit is simple, straightforward, and thoroughly American. And when it comes to big budget action movies, there’s no better villains than the Nazis.
We are still here in the Rocky Mountains in Great Falls, Montana. We’re glad to be back in the mountains again. We love it here. We love the change of the season’s and the beautiful winter snow! However… the –degree temperatures are REALLY cold!! The wind chill got down to -25! This past year we really have enjoyed going down by the Missouri River. It is gorgeous. We are enjoying the outdoors more and more. We were able to take a little first family trip to Glacier Park this summer and it was absolutely beautiful. We stayed in a little secluded cabin. They had 2 dogs there that the girls had fun playing catch with. The girls thought it was really cool that we were sleeping in the mountains until nighttime came; the cabin had 2 levels and the girls were too scared to sleep upstairs since they could hear the bugs outside.  So, we made them a little bed on the futon in the living room. We got to the park at the perfect time of year. The Road to the Sun had just opened and the snow was melting so there were waterfalls everywhere! We added a dog to our household this year too. She is an Irish setter and her name is Ginger. She likes to steal food from the kids and give them big kisses! We will be glad when she gets out of the puppy stage but we love having her as part of the family!
In place of a simple easel card, I made one for the postit, I created a rectangular base of my postit's size and I built the easel around:
I have two words for you: truffle oil. Yesterday after work I met up with Jamie, my partner in crime from my time in Italy, and just life in general. We ended up going to Risotteria on Bleecker St. I had never been before, but I have a feeling I'll be back early and often. Why wouldn't you go back when you could get Porcini and White Truffle Oil Risotto?
Daisies – I chose gerbera daisies because my best friends Anna and Kathy both used them in their weddings, so it felt only right that they should carry them in mine.
Leave her alone! so what she pouts that’s just her thing, iv seen plenty of pics of her laughing with people when shes not posing, and there would be a massive deal made if she did start grinning she can’t win either way
As you can see, I am a statistics nerd, so decided to also do a quick summary of what posts were popular. I promoted each post equally with two tweets on the day of posting (with different hash tags hours apart) and once via Facebook.
a kiss for every star.
Immediately after this post goes up, your third quarter grades will be entered into the grade book. As you scramble to look at those numbers, keep one thing in mind: This is not the end of our discussion. Deadlines dictate that we appease the digital gods, not that we cease our consideration of grades and the seven domains of learning. I will continue to provide feedback through Google Docs to you over the next four or five days; you will receive some general commentary (and a new German word) through this site; and you will use your self-assessments as part of an assignment this weekend. First, a few notes overall.
8:34: We all sit down for our devotional after I've finished vacuuming up the Play-Doh.
Joe and I have never celebrated Christmas in our shared home, though we appreciate the heartfelt presents that find their way to the kids, and we sometimes join our larger families when they're convened for the holidays. This year we'll be on our own through December.
I promised you irony, and here it is:
Maria Palotta-Chiarolli argues that to widen the framing of marriage to include same-sex couples simply doesn’t go far enough, for simply re-inforcing the unduly privileged status of pair-bonding doesn’t accommodate the true diversity of human partnering.
I made my daughter this cute hedgehog pillow, it's not very big so she probably won't lay on it much but it's cute to look at and she's happy with it.
When they are almost caramelized, add the cauliflower. DO NOT ADD SALT, yet. It will draw the moisture out of the cauliflower and then it will get mucky. You want to make sure that the cauliflower browns and has a chance to caramelize a bit. Stir once in a while for 10 minutes. Add 1-2 TBLS of fat of your choice. I used raw beef fat that I have in the freezer for tallow.
I lost 9 pounds last month, for a total of 20 since moving to Boston two months ago! In last months post, I touched on some of the issues that have contributed to my weight gain and I feel like I am beginning to really get a handle on my emotions/triggers and everything that goes with releasing the weight that I've allowed to hold me back!
Napkin Man and his crew left.
In 2001 Andrea McIntosh and her team launched the Neighbourhood Networks scheme which was initially designed to help and empower those who were described as having a learning disability. Such has been the success of the project the Neighbourhood Network model has been taken on to try to help integrate those who may be suffering from mental health issues.
As Singapore becomes an increasingly attractive relocation destination for expatriates, Hydrogen said employers in the city state are finding that they have the pick of the world’s top professional talent.
The Luc Lac Beef on Rice with Egg is a favourite dish for me. I’ve tried looking for this dish at other Vietnamese restaurants but haven’t found it at any other restauarant in Vancouver. Did you know that you can order this dish with an extra fried egg? The server accidentally put a #35 with 2 fried eggs on our table but came back and picked it up before we had the chance to dig in (guess one of the other tables ordered it with 2 eggs).
We got on a taxi and asked our driver to take us to Arab Street. I didn’t do much research prior to our visit. The taxi driver asked whether we wanted to be dropped off at Haji Lane or Arab Street and we asked what he recommended. He suggested Haji Lane and dropped us off in the corner of Haji Lane and Beach Rd.
But, occasionally we can all touch the face of God, if only briefly. Perhaps that’s why we write, or paint or create anything that we absolutely must create. Of course, we might do it for a whole host of other less laudable reasons, but even in the heart of the foulest hack I believe there lurks the soul of a poet.
9:00-10:00 PM The Secret Circle (season finale)
The first set of pictures are of the boys on their first day up at the school....without ME! It was only an hour and I sat outside and read until they were finished. They start full time/half days towards the end of August.
Many local residents are sick or gravely ill
Welcome to the My Creative Future blog giving you advice and information about working and/or studying in the creative and media industries.
One of the big features to the next expansion, Mists of Pandaria, will be the introduction of pet battles. Regardless of how you feel about them, they also bring the pet collector with alt-itits’ dream: Account wide pets! Oh yes, think of your entire collection across all characters being merged into one giant library. No more paying huge prices for both Alliance and Horde pets from the Argent Tournament, only having to get the whelps once and only once, and more relevantly only having to do Children’s Week ONE year instead of FOUR to get all the pets. Provided you’ve got at least 4 characters at or over level 70, and 2 at 80 or higher.
now: exams, exams, exams. I pretend not to notice 'country living' and 'jamie magazine' begging for attention.
The idea is an earthship like up in Taos, but in a sustainable thousand square foot size.
head back wanting to feel him inside . Wanting to be one with him.
With an incandescent summer light,
A bow-shot from her bower-eaves,
Flying Dog Brewery Old Scratch Amber Lager
For witches this is the time of the “marriage” of the God and the Goddess, mirrored in the past by a “greenwood marriage”, gypsy fashion, over the bonfire.
I used Certainly celery and Old Olive...no surprise here, this is one of my favorite techniques...well this and watercolor, and DSP, and on and on. Okay, let's face it, I love it all!
I did manage to make a ruffle scarf out of Kid's Silk Haze Creation. I have never jumped on the ruffle bandwagon before, and really don't intend to ever again. The scarf looks like a big boa and probably will look lovely with a LBD. But, at the moment I don't anticipate any parties where LBDesses will be worn.
Tia and Tamera Mowry
Glassware: Not recommended – drink out of the bottle or can
Prior to his legendary LP "Blues Breakers featuring Eric Clapton" John Mayall was not a name anyone in the American record buying public was familiar with. Today's topic was his 10th U.K. single (his 11th if you count the two different issues of "I'm Your Witch Doctor", more on a U.S. pressing of that next), being released in the U.K. as Decca F 12732 in February 1968. If my estimates are correct "Jenny" was his third U.S. 45. It was not an LP track but harks from the period of his "Bare Wires" LP, his last to bear the "Bluesbreakers" moniker and also the last to feature Peter Green.
I got the spider cut outs from Michaels. They are from the Martha Stewart line which is awesome! There were a lot in the package and they were cheap too. I put them around our window mirrors and on our french doors. I made the spider web myself. I’m really hoping to get a Silhouette craft cutter this year so I can do a lot more crafts like this and not have to cut things out by hand or buy them!
As a general rule, if you must, you can mention things that happen in the first fourth of the book, and for sure you can hint at what will happen in later chapters without mentioning specific events, but anything beyond that is a spoiler and should be noted at the beginning of the review. (For example: “This review contains spoilers.”) Those who don’t like surprises will continue reading your review. Those who do like surprises can choose not to read it.
Once again, for purposes of clarity I feel it is necessary to start way back from the very beginning, --- but bear with me, for I believe that it is sometimes worthwhile to linger in the history of the ancient past, in order to understand why we live in a state of frightened peace among modern-day savages, -- some whom you’ll often find wearing fancy suits and ties.
the nights are getting cooler.
In the past week alone, the intellectual lights at NRO have made claims that would, if their authors weren’t deadly serious and their audience not so genuinely in agreement, verge on laughable. Kathryn Jean Lopez, the voluble in-house defender of the “religious liberty” being trampled upon by President Obama, equates the morning-after pill with “abortion coverage for all” — never mind that said pill cannot terminate a pregnancy but only may prevent implantation a fertilized egg. (The “personhood” troops in Mississippi love Lopez.) In the same column, discussing Paul Ryan’s proposed budget, Lopez refers to the “left-wing Catholics opposing the Ryan plan,” conveniently turning the U.S. Conference of Catholic Bishops — which explicitly states that it “represent[s] all of the U.S. bishops on key issues at the national level” — into a bunch of socialists. Strangely, the ultra-religious Lopez exists quite happily alongside writers like Mark Steyn, who titles his latest column about the Secret Service prostitution scandal “Grope and Change” and writes:
How is it that I’m succeeding and yet somehow failing?
While Delta will remain hostage to fluctuating crude oil costs, the facility would enable it to save on the cost of refining a barrel of jet fuel….
Then there’s the appearance factor. We bloggers aim to make our blogs appealing not only to ourselves but to others. We spend lots of time deciding how to categorize topics, what layout to use and what colours blend with who we are and what we blog about. We also obsess about correct use of language and which phrases sound more appealing or comic. My diary on the other hand, is tear-stained with tattered pages, untidy hand writing, bad grammar and broken sentences. When I’m jotting down hate messages to my past self for making the wrong choices, the last thing I’m thinking is “omg that should have been written in caps” :-/ Bloggers also get to use pictures and that I’d say closes this point!
Tumblr: TheDancingDemon.tumblr.com
b) I rode on the Thoroughbred race horse simulator at the National Museum of Racing in Saratoga. It was there that I developed a vast respect for what jockeys do. It’s really hard to stay perched on your toes in those irons with the horse galloping. You can see all about it here (along with the mineral baths and a few other research sites): http://eluper.livejournal.com/10913.html
Or if you prefer to sit under the gazebo....
Don’t oppose
Basically my two biggest problems are the CG and whether or not Wheedon thinks he’s being clever because ‘clever’ this film ain’t. Knowledgeable of its audience and genre? Yes. Clever enough to redefine it? No. It is, at its best, a great big bag of popcorn fun and at its worst a formulaic slasher, somewhat ironically it would seem. What I find weird is the people who are throwing perfect ratings at this film’s feet are probably Wheedon/Goddard fans anyway so I assume are familiar with their well established resume of referential and deliberately self-aware productions (Lost, Alias, Cloverfield, Buffy, Firefly etc). As such, even I, someone who likes a lot of those but does not obsess over them, could see where things were going just from the trailer. But as I say, I can’t tell if this is parody or pontification. But my argument is that if you can’t tell whether Wheedon/Goddard are taking the piss – sorry, satirising through a Meta-Narrative – then I don’t care how clever it is trying to be, you are so far up your own arse you’re coming out of your mouth again. IF however, they aren’t making any bones about it and just used the premise as a frame for the best bit of cinematic fan fiction in the last half hour, I praise them to high and mighty. Kudos.
Anyway, back to my dad's story. So apparently, one day in this early stage of their married life, my dad had a particularly rough day at work. My mom must have spoken to him on the phone, because she knew this, so she decided to "surprise" my dad by feeding the cattle for him before he came home. She had watched him do this before, many times, so she got up the gumption to just do it herself.
wedding card. (The brown is from my dining room table.) After making this card I still have yet to make the wedding shower card. Well, I'd better get busy, but the following is how I did this card.
after 3 1/2 years of dating, we finally got hitched.
Driving up, Jacob started telling me about the first time he had met John McCain. “It was at Michael Lewis’s wedding,” he explained. “At my house.”
I'm going to try and sleep now, pictures to follow tomorrow.
Resources are depicted in an abstract manner by cards — unlike games like Catan, though, they are not expended when used. Rather, they represent a player’s potential to produce a certain amount of that resource per turn. For example, if a player has two cards with “wood” symbols down on the table, they may play a card which requires one or two “wood” resources to use, but the wood is not expended in the process. In order to get the ball rolling, each civilisation has its own “starting resource” which it doesn’t require any cards to make use of — and player may pay gold to one another to “borrow” resources. Again, this does not expend the other player’s resources, nor does it stop them from using the same resources themselves.
Valentine’s Day is an beautiful holiday. I don’t understand the complaints, because it is a celebration of the greatest gift and most powerful force in the entire world. Love comes in all shapes and sizes. Sometimes it’s obvious, other times more subtle. But what we have to remember above all things is that love is something to be treasured, not feared. Society teaches us that love is a strong, dangerous word, and that it should be used only in special circumstances and after very careful consideration? Why?
(ya think if i give him some ruby slippers, he'll fly away?)
It’s easy to guess in the manner of a school boy if he has any intention of going to school that day, or if it’s a school day to start with. For one it’s unlikely he’d be smiling and lingering in bed if there’s a roll call to answer later. And nothing in his demeanour indicated he had to answer one that morning. Even so I couldn’t resist asking him since it was a Thursday.
We checked out the other crafters at the various shows (one of the shows had some gorgeous prim items which I love and it was smart of me not to bring spending money because I know I would have spent it all) and some of us were discussing the market and the sales at different shows. It's interesting to note that some of them have been doing these shows for years and some were newbies like us and didn't really know what to expect. One of the shows had almost 3000 people come through the doors (based on admission sales).
As Ted Belman, better known as the “Israpundit” wrote:
During inspection we found the house had some foundation problems, and some electrical issues. I was all set to make a counter offer to the seller and maybe get all that stuff taken care of.
Welcome back, happy Monday! We asked Jamie Cripps to do her magic with an end-of-year school project. She came up with a fun and useful classroom calendar using school and calandar stickers;
Amazon (December numbers, as of a few minutes ago): 1661
In 1977, the Town Marshal was on late night “bear patrol” cruising the dark streets of Red River one July night. While he as was officially patrolling for prowlers or any drunks stumbling back to their hotels, the Marshal’s main job was to scare away any bears that happened to be picking through the many dumpsters in town. According to the story, the Marshal was in the town’s patrol car and had just turned a corner when the sight of an adult woman standing the in the street right in the middle of his headlights appeared in front of him. He says he slammed on the brakes and got a great look at a woman, with blonde hair, wearing a large light-blue dress. The Marshal says that he reached over to roll down his window to call out to the woman and then was amazed when she simply vanished right before his eyes.
I think it depends on our concept of Vinayaka. My Vinayaka feels happy when I make an effort at cleanliness, kindness, concern, learning and teaching. He feels pleased when I try to keep my mind pure and my thoughts sweet. He feels pleased when He senses the love in my heart for Him. And thus he grants my manOvAncchAs – the desires in my mind.
Here comes the anomie.
Realising that their dominance will not be permanent in a multi-racial Malaysia UMNO decided to form a coalition named the Barisan Nasional (National Front) in 1973. Umno roped in a number of other political parties, including its adversaries, to form this front.
Last year my little guy made heart shaped cupcakes in Reynold's Heart Shaped Baking Cups. Then we individually wrapped them with clear cellophane paper and a pink ribbon.
The Multicultural Student Union dispatched about 20 volunteers to boost the show and keep the event flowing.
The scarf was a last minute addition today but I'm glad I wore it, if for nothing else, than it gave me something to clip my nametag to :-)
A: Bling, brads and chipboard. I think rhinestones or pearls often add that perfect finishing touch to a card - love, love them. Brads have been my downfall since I was a scrapbooker (before I started making cards). I have a large drawer filled with them. Chipboard elements are divine. I especially like making my own using dies and patterned papers or matching stamps.
This is childish, perhaps moronic. Everybody wants lower taxes and minor spending cuts. That’s been the practice of Republican Party officials since Reagan. And Democratic Party officials also. That’s why we have deficits. All these proposals show is that these people don’t understand the problem. Or more accurately, that these people are part of the problem.
If you would like to see how summer is treating other gardeners, (and if they like the color orange as much as I do) then you need to stop by May Dreams Gardens where hostess Carol throws a monthly party called Garden Bloggers Bloom Day. While you are there please thank her for all the effort.
“The Chicago Way”-a method of bamboozling and backstabbing-is leading to disillusionment by significant portions of the Left with Barack Obama, the man it hailed as supposedly the most inspiring Democrat since Bobby Kennedy …
That’s my daddy and my Uncle Joe sitting on the porch of the mess hall at the Camden Hunting Club. Until recent events, I hadn’t thought much about the “Wanted” poster that appears in the background.
- R is taking the boy to his first story time at the public library this afternoon (it’s a baby “lapsit” program). I’m bummed that I can’t attend with them, as I’m at work, but I’m so stoked that they’re able to go. My mom used to be the story time lady at my elementary school, so I’m extremely partial to this practice.
The yeast really took off. I'm going to have to transfer to secondary fermentation tonight...just three days after brewing.
Sighs of plenty
Financier Pastry Shop - love it! This little gem is also on Stone Street. We enjoyed a delicious pain de chocolat and hot chocolate.
If you can't leave a comment in the comments below, feel free to head over to my Blog Facebook Page and leave a comment there telling me to enter you into the giveaway. I will make sure your name gets added!
Anyway, I didn’t even notice until I heard moaning and stuff. -__-; Yes, they were doing it.
But, I proceeded to argue with my phone, it was the same sim card in it a week ago, and two weeks ago, and three weeks ago etc. What can you possibly find fault with now? I was quite pleased with my argument, and figured I’d won when on a restart my phone was working okay again. But ten minutes later, it informed me that it had rejected my sim card again. Further arguments proving futile, I decided to Google it.
Article 131
Anyone else doing Script Frenzy? How are you getting on, if so?
Jaleel White recalled the year he played Steve Urkel's alter ego Stefan. He said it showed people he had more to offer than that one character. Jaleel and Kym danced a rumba. He had good lines and footwork. Well done! Carrie Ann said he had a Gregory Hines vibe and glided through the rumba smoothly. He broke down and choked out he loves entertaining people and has done it since he was three. What does it mean when he said this meant a lot to him and his friends, and that's his Mickey Mouse. Huh? (25)
are taken away.
He almost always signed his stories (when he did sign them, which was sporadically) with his full first and last name. So, it’s interesting that in this story, Cole signed with his first initial: “J. Cole.”
We've been thinking about our future, the work we do, have done and if it's still going to be a viable course. We've made several bad judgement calls about the direction we wanted to go as far as income is concerned over the years. The last time we were at the point where we had to get a loan and a big place to continue with the very big jobs we had been getting is when the bottom fell out of our personal lives so we back pedaled. When we finally started again, we eschewed those very big jobs and also the very small, the logos and stripes and squares, and carved out a niche for ourselves...high end residential and smaller scale corporate art. High end residential was not the ultra-rich but the upper middle class, lower upper class. Unfortunately that niche does not currently exist and the other niches already have long standing relationships with other companies. Whether our niche returns as the economy improves remains to be seen. I've had two new (for me) designers contact me recently who are excited about our work so maybe my newsletter attempts at marketing are beginning to show some fruit, if not actual
My thoughts? Mad as cut snakes. But is there anything more important in the world than schools for the underprivileged? Seriously, for a second, probably not.
Emerson: Anytime.
#619 ~ A prompting of the Spirit followed with wonderful results.
- Jenifer with her mom Billie
By the way, it was quite interesting to imagine how I could paint her with so little information. This exercice is now my favorite part of my painting process.
Participants: Lisa Blanning (chair), Adam Harper, Matthew Ingram/Woebot, Mike Paradinas
Families of kidnapped Kosovo Serbs have brought photos to remind of their missing loved ones to the big rally in the Serbian capital on February 21, 2008.
long-handled mixing spoon
visits.
This is one of my favorites: the Naked Man Orchid, Orchis italicus.
Speaking Tree: Women Speak
After noon on Monday, I did another 3 rows and the melon patch. About 2, I got a call from a root canal specialist saying they had a cancellation and could I possibly drive 15 miles in city traffic in 20 minutes for my consultation?
on may 1st, i made the mistake of looking at my stats. i saw someone found my blog by searching for something obscene and illegal; i panicked, and deleted the blog.
Free Design- 2002- A Hit Song
They're bright, cheerful and, of course, all pink!
I had to work both Saturday and Sunday this past weekend, but it was fun because my friend was there to keep me company. She brought over this bed she bought on Craigslist, and we got to work transforming it...
U.S. society must realize that people do not commercially exploit women and children because they are lonely or their wives do not satisfy their sexual desires. They prostitute women and children because they can. Policymakers realize that a program like ‘John School” is not the ultimate solution.
Diogenes Laertius, Vit 7.1.124 And by friendship they mean a common use of all that has to do with life, wherein we treat our friends as we should ourselves. They argue that a friend is worth having for his own sake and that it is a good thing to have many friends.
I am so happy to have this wonderful pillow and candle holder in my home! Handmade by my very sweet friend Kristina. Check out her Norwegian online store for more great finds!
“Heavy fighting continued until this morning,” the military official said.
3-4 Sprigs of Fresh Thyme
13. Bells And Fairies
San Jose CA 95134
6. The MBEs - He's Making A Tape
“You know me way too well…”
Raindrops on a Tuesday are music to the ears of golf course superintendents and professionals everywhere. Especially in this dry season. It soaks the grass without interrupting much play and costing the courses big money in greens fees. Dry weather for the weekend makes it all the more sweeter…
We marvel at their skills.
I'm not sure what my camera's problem was when I took the pictures of the gradient, because that's DEFINITELY not how this looks in person. The final pictures are more color-accurate.
November 25
2. Merit and Mallory begin some major training in these next few chapters, resulting in cool Katana Sword facts and Ninja moves. What is the most physically challenging or adrenaline fueled event/activity you have participated in?
We estimate that more than 1400 people attended the event.
By targeting one keyword at a time in a series of articles, press releases, blog posts, and other content, you can help Google point the way to your website. This is not an exact science, but if you track conversion rates (the number of people who take a certain desired action) over time, you’ll know which keywords are the most relevant. Because most business owners are too busy to develop an original flow of fresh content for their site, they often rely on freelance writers to help them. A writer who understands Search Engine Optimization knows where to place the words and how to format articles to generate optimum results.
Here, the establishment itself has been tricked into providing a quote against it’s will. Its by far the cleverest thing in the book and it says more about the miserable Bristolian public school boy than any glowing gushing back of the book quote could ever say.
I feel as though I am truly the luckiest girl alive. I have been so fortunate to find someone who loves me for who I am and to spoil me with his love and affection. Over the past five years we have been through so much together and grown not only as individuals but as one. Richard has taught me so much and at the end of the day I know I am a better person because of him.
Hope you have all recovered from last week's blogger issues?
Right now, there seem to be two camps on the Patriots running up the score: those that think they are and see it as a very bad thing, and those that either don't think they are (ahem) or that because it's pro football, there need be no mercy. No surprise, Group 2 is comprised almost entirely of Patriots fans.
Empathy is the thing. You cannot love dogs without being an empathic person. If you are, you have the beginnings of being a good cook. Or at least a head start on people who are not, by nature, empathic beings. It goes without saying that the Innkeeper loves dogs. I am currently in a relationship with 5 of them. To whit Sissy, Tutu, Bibi, Becky and Carlos the brave. 5 dogs. 5 personalities. 5 different loves.
16 - World Today (Bless Us Now)
Instead, we had a Rsising Sun and a Teikoku.
The river, bored with lying in its bed,
I’m sure that the neighbours could hear her crying. I’m sure that they thought that we were inflicting some sort of cruel and unusual punishment on our daughter. We were merely trying to put a clean diaper on her.
3. Click on the "Try Wink" orange button at the bottom of the page
- 1 small banana, sliced
My husband is in the January Kill zone, and when he will come back to me I cannot say. I know it will be OK, sooner than later, and I know he will come back, and I know he is doing everything he is responsible to do to ensure that. I am putting up with his shit.
I was on a trip to India this last month. Well, in November of 2011. The occasion was my sister's wedding. I had casually suggested designing the menu when the wedding was still an year away. Of course, none takes you seriously, when you 'casually suggest designing a wedding menu'. An Indian wedding that too. Granted my sister's was on the smallish side. But hey, we are still talking four hundred people. And in a small town where I grew up, just randomly coming up with a surprizing twist to a wedding menu may not be...lets just say the best idea. I was warned and almost bulldozed when I told my father that wanted a Turkish-Arabic cuisine inspired menu. No way, He said, would such a different design work.
Thanks for the apples.
But I think when I say I need community, what I picture is "community" suddenly appearing, fully formed, out of nowhere.
Alas recently their (down-hole) tool failed and their stock dropped 35 percent. The stock has since drooped a little more. But it was - as the CEO pointed out - a promising well. They had approximately 200 feet of "net resistive sands" which my readers helpfully point out means sandstone with low electrical conductivity and hence possibly saturated with hydrocarbons.
Not a spacesuit. Though, in the distant past, she has worn something spookily like one.
I couldn't feel, so I tried to touch
Fabry’s other passion is broadcasting. As part of the DECCA program in high school, he worked at WNST Radio in Milton, WV. During his senior year at Marshall University, he worked for WSAZ-TV as a weekend reporter. In 1985, he began hosting Open Line, a national call-in show which he hosted until 1997. In 1993, he began a six-year stint as co-host of Mornings with Greg and Chris on WMBI in Chicago. Then in May of 2008 he began Chris Fabry Live! which received the 2008 Talk Personality of the Year Award from the National Religious Broadcasters. He can also be heard daily on Love Worth Finding, featuring the teaching of the late Dr. Adrian Rogers.
Missing pregnant hospital-worker Mrs Celeste Fraser-Carson found buried at Bloemhof smallholdings Missing pregnant hospital-worker Mrs Celeste Fraser-Carson found buried at Bloemhof smallholdings - 2012-03-06
“And if the prosecution needs it for cross-examination, we can even convert the coffee-makers into boiling-hot water-boarding devices,” Bowers added.
Me: How would you describe your art? Both paintings and T-shirts.
I worked my way through several buildings, fondling fiber, asking questions, and observing. I found a vendor who was selling custom made wheels using a Majacraft-type flyer. I found another vendor who was needlefelting fiber inside a cookie cutter. The range of colors available of fiber was dazzling. I snagged business cards from those vendors and others I wanted to follow up with later when I was more flush with cash and because the crowds were smaller I was able to talk with vendors about their products.
My argument is that without this context, it just seems like the reason is the “foreignness” of the Haitians. They’re black and they don’t speak English and when we see them on television they are either “victims”, or they’re criminalised into some large, organic faceless mob that has to be kept in line by the blue-helmeted UN troops wielding riot shields and pepper-spray.
I like to serve with a salad and applesauce.
We know that when we have a TV campaign on the air, or even a radio campaign, we can feel its presence. But when we have online ads or "content" we feel nothing of the sort
but the lighter color paper is from Prima marketing.
Now that Older Girl is, well, older, we went to the newer section of the park for the first time (as pictured to the right). It's a bit more ride-oriented, but damn if she's not game for everything they can throw at her. She made the Master Blaster her bitch. Younger Girl, who is more sedate, was happy to hang in several of the areas set aside for kids, but she did enjoy the wave pool that was also a tube float-river contraption. I dug that one, too. Sitting in an inner tube, with your baby on your lap, riding reasonably exciting waves without exerting much effort, if any? Nice way to spend your Sunday.
I might have already said this, but one of the things I love about TWD is that it occasionally forces me to try new things. This week was one of those weeks. Sure, I've seen Irish Soda bread at the grocery store in the past (especially in March), but it had never occurred to me to actually purchase one. I love yeast bread with a crackly crisp crust and fluffy interior, so I usually go straight for French or Italian bread, leaving the rest in the dust. Now I can finally say that I've tried a soda bread.
As we were leaving, the doctor reiterated to us that we have a very healthy baby and there is a 98% chance that we are going to have a perfectly normal, healthy child. But, now we are aware that there is a possibility of something more when the baby comes.
90
The pain ain’t gonna last forever, in time it’s gonna get better, believe me, this is gonna make you stronger…”
Below are a few pics from last June that I took. Plenty of everything a sun lover could or would ever ask for. As I say, MUCH bigger than Durban beach, as you can plainly see in comparison to the last two pics of Durban beach which I pinched off the Internet....Now why would I want to ever go to Durban again?
David Dundas – Another Funny Honeymoon
522100 Depository credit intermediation (including commercial banking, savings institutions, & credit unions)
He described Lim’s statement as irresponsible and unbecoming of a state leader.
two blue and two red
While Autumn winds sigh through the heather
Well, it made me think – maybe if the child is bright enough and can handle studying on his/her own, then of course, there is not need for tuition. I also support a no-tuition child because school life can be quite stressful already.
They had me change my diet a bit too, but I'll write about that in another post soon. In other news, we're starting a Shape Up Challenge at work, and my coworkers nominated me to be their team lead. Fun!
TOTAL 968
I’m a sucker of books and I love reading. I read when I’m bored, I read when I woke up early (which is rare haha), I read when my mom wants me to do something (lol), I read when I’m hungry but I don’t like our food! Though I have difficulty in reading because of poor eyesight, I still love to read. For me, reading is going to different places, experiencing different things, having a different world – a word of my own- and escaping from reality. And because of that, I’ll share some books I’ve read last month (April).
Our sponsor this week is Paper Pretties and you can find all the other creations by the design team on our home page here. We also have a design team call ongoing for a few more weeks and details for that also are on the blog. Thanks for looking! Have a blessed week!
Writer: “You’re telling me… Carving out stone ain’t easy.”
rebellion, freely sharing music, dancing and play be a way of inspiring
each other with compassion and respect. Unfortunately, we don't, so it
Scoutmaster, Boy Scouts of America
Chelsea
Come on sisters, you’ve already taken one step to wearing the hijaab – now go one step more and do away with the leggings and tight clothing, wear full hijaab and be a real role model for your Ummah. And if you think that wearing hijaab with tight clothes is fulfilling your duty and not attracting men, then why not ask (in a halaal manner) brothers themselves? I am sure they will tell you what they find attractive (you might be surprised).
I'm real tired of people who don't take responsibility for their lives and actions. I'm tired of hearing them blame the government, or discrimination or big-whatever for their problems.
I’m still not giving up on the rainbow gem. I sent Mario out and he collected each gem that I thought looked different from the normal ones. But no, this was just a rare seed. Neither me nor my sims can garden, but I’ll hold onto it.
And oh...how grey and misty the morning is.
FADE OUT
it started out as simple brooding,
Hanging pictures isn't easy. Sure, you can tack a few nails in a wall and toss on some frames. But if you're not careful, the display can look a little, well... 'dishevelled', as my grandmother would say. I'm not the most adroit picture placer, but having learned a tip or two from some of the best interior designers in the world, I'm now on a vertical learning curve. So to speak. Here, in a little design lesson to kick off the design week, is a selection of the tricks I've picked up from those who are far more adept at this than me.
These feelings of inferiority are the genesis of low self-esteem, Sorenson says.
Hey Erick. Thanks for taking the time out to talk to me about your new film, ‘We Brought A Zoo’.
I've been working part-time for the last three weeks and have stayed so busy I realized I really didn't tell anyone. So, I'm telling you now: I got a job at a home decor store called Real Deals. They are only open on Thursday and Saturday. Right now I'm working 2-3 days a week. All five employees (including the franchise owner) work on Tuesday. That is merchanding day. That's when we all look like scrubs and set up the displays. Since the store isn't open we can actually get things done. We also have freight days when new merchandise comes in. We work those on Mondays or Fridays. It's a pretty sweet deal. I shop there and was in the store with my friend Vicki when I heard the owner, Zora, say she needed two part-time people. She knows me from being a customer there so we arranged a time to interview. I was pretty excited since I'm way overdue to do something and the job market here is still pretty bleak.
Cumming to writing. I wish I could make that word play with my students. I need some guide for appropriate ways to act in front of students in order to teach ecstasy through the walls of an institution, for how how how could you read Cixous and not want to run around and throw your skirt up and conduct yourself completely inappropriately? Shouldn't we be like crazy Sibyls howling with our voices in the jar shouldn't we be like fucked-up Maenads all possessed by the word by our words by their words by all the priestess-prophets?
Did you notice that those who bow before the Lord Jesus Christ include those under the earth? Even those in hell will recognize the person of Jesus Christ, and at the name belonging to Him, they will bow. And what is His name? LORD. They will not bow to be saved but bow in the humiliation of knowing Him as their Judge.
I smiled, glad that she wanted to hang onto this thing we have for a little while longer, even if it was becoming a bit of a challenge. "When you grow up, even if you move away and get married, can Mama come to your house and rock you to sleep sometimes?"
And gies a hand o’ thine
Now, for all the nitty gritty details. First of all, as you can imagine, there are going to be a lot of people who want to get in on this sale. It’s in your best interesting to get up and get here as early as possible: stores in the mall open at 6am, Scottsdale will open at that time also but if you can’t for whatever reason make it in that early, then guess what CALL us by 9pm Wednesday night and pre-order everything you Want !! We will take all your info. down and take care of you Friday morning. If you do make it in your friendly sales associates, are going to try as hard as possible to get you in and out of the store as quickly as possible, but sometimes lines might not accommodate. That being said, we will be taking measures to ensure that if you are in the store (or at least in the line for the store) before your sale hour ends, you will get the sale you were waiting for (even if you’re not rung up at the register during that sale). Likewise, we will be equally as strict with those of you who are late. Think your sixth grade teacher strict: no exceptions. If you get into line at 7.01, you will unfortunately be included in the 10% off group, so just remember, better early than late!
This contest is open internationally - and I mean it. In the past, I have had winners from South Africa and the Philippines. And if I get over 100 entries, I'll randomly select a second winner and send them a brand new copy of Legend, when it comes out next week. If we get to a second winner, the only change up in the rules on that one will be that you must be a blog or twitter follower to be entered.
Lizzy hadn’t witnessed anyone entering the changing rooms, so theoretically they were empty. Yet something was clearly happening inside one of them.
Girls
6: Having failed with the ring-sling I decided to try the other option; the soft-structured carrier. Again, I researched all the different brands (and there are loads!), eventually settling on an Action Baby Carrier. I still own this sling, and I’d recommend it. It’s very comfortable for a front-carry, and quick and easy to get on. It has a sleep-hood that can be lifted if your baby falls to sleep to support their head. It’s just a really comfortable, everyday carrier.
In this context, it is helpful to turn to the example of Saint Thomas More, who distinguished himself by his constant fidelity to legitimate authority and institutions precisely in his intention to serve not power but the supreme ideal of justice. His life teaches us that government is above all an exercise of virtue Unwavering in this rigorous moral stance, this English statesman placed his own public activity at the service of the person, especially if that person was weak or poor; he dealt with social controversies with a superb sense of fairness; he was vigorously committed to favouring and defending the family; he supported the all-round education of the young.
In 2004, the films were revisited and reissued together in the Ultimate Matrix Collection boxset. New HD masters were struck for all three films, and the original film was improved in contrast and had grain toned down. But the decision was made to color correct the film to match the distinct color scheme of the two sequels. The original film is much more robust and lifelike, with a definite yellow and brown look amongst the green inside the Matrix. This same master was re-used for the HD-DVD and then the Blu-ray set, leaving the original theatrical version only available on the original DVD. I miss the color and grain on the new versions, and have stuck with my original disc. (Thank heavens for upscaling!!) The new Blu-ray Dolby True-HD 5.1 mix is quite good, but seems to be a bit different than the original.
Two years ago Joe Biden said it was a “big f*cking deal”. Now it is without doubt a big f*cking disaster and Trayvon Martin will be hoist onto an Al Sharpton flatbed truck for an Obama adoption ceremony in order to avoid the “big f*cking disaster” getting discussed.
Me: “K”
Resources available at PACER.org/bullying include bullying prevention classroom toolkits, activities and videos for K-12 students; toolkits for organizing community events around bullying prevention; tips for how parents can talk with their children about the subject and work with schools and more.
If the story ended here, you'd all be like “WTMFF, Maxwell? You don't post for a few days, then suddenly you forget how to be interesting? Unfollowed.” And rightfully so...
Second, he might be making a sort of foundational or preconditional argument, saying that we can’t have evidence for stuff that is so basic to thinking itself that it’s really a precondition for anything even counting as evidence. Things like the reality of the past (as opposed to the world having sprung into being ready-made ten seconds ago), not being a brain in a vat, etc. You can’t really have evidence for them (or against them) since ex hypothesi they are entirely consistent with all of our experiences.
Thank-you sweet girl for all the fun, laughter and joy your bring to our lives. I know you can’t read this, and many non-dog people must think I’m nuts, but for the dog lovers out there, you all know where I’m coming from.
What a great slogan for a political party…?
5. Dorothy encounters green-skinned witches, poppies, and the aforementioned flying monkeys.
Some of the important evaluation criteria in selecting e-discovery vendors includes:
2010-05-23 - Comcast Music Theatre, Hartford, CT.
Forgive me if I sound a bit whiny about the lack of snow in my neighborhood. But you see, I have two very bored little boys sitting in my living room repeating the mantra "We're bored! What can we do?"
1. Booties & Wedges: These are essential when going out and I am so glad they are in style this year! The booties will protect your ankles when walking around in snow, while the wedges keep your feet high off the ground.
Last Tuesday, our sr. girls’ basketball team participated in the annual ACSI basketball tournament in Scarborough. The girls played their best, but came up short by one basket in the final game! They are to be commended for a great season! Thanks to Mrs. Hain for coaching this year.
Step 2: After the 8-12 hours, stir the starter and discard half. Add 1/2 cup warm water and 1 cup flour. The starter should have the consistency of pancake batter. Cover the bowl with the dish cloth again and let sit for 2-4 hours more, until bubbly again.
Snowflakes: Paper Shapers punch with added gems from my stash
For those who have had special education training or have a family member with a disability, learning to communicate is one the first challenges of nurture and relationship-building. Every new mother finds it a challenge at times to understand and meet the very present needs of her newborn. Baby’s cries create difficulty for a relatively short time (perhaps a few weeks if the child is healthy, longer if there are problems). An attentive and caring mother will try everything in her power to find out the reason for the tears and bring comfort. The first successful communication bridge gets crossed when a diaper is changed or the breast is given. Within literally seconds, child and mother create a space of understanding which stimulate and further encourage even more complicated communication as the brain of the child develops.
Mary Joannou is Professor of Literary History and Women’s Writing at Anglia Ruskin University. Her research interests are the women’s suffrage movement, the 1930s, and late Victorian and early twentieth-century writing. Her publications include “Ladies, Please Don’t Smash These Windows: Women’s Writing, Feminism and Social Change 1918-1938″ and “Contemporary Women’s Writing: From the Golden Notebook to the Color Purple”.
Pig cried, "You brute! I might have known!"
Even if you think that Shermer’s demonstration isn’t quite as convincing as someone you’ve seen who claims to be genuinely using the first method (the fork thing isn’t all that subtle, for instance), it still seems possible that someone with their mental faculties grossly intact could still be fooled. If Shermer were unscrupulous enough to attach grandiose claims of psychic mastery to his techniques, and maybe hammed up the performance a bit, it could be moderately persuasive. The kind of people who might find it plausible wouldn’t have to be stupid or clueless at all, just like Uri Geller’s millions of fans aren’t all dribbling idiots. A lot of them are adequately functioning members of society.
But if Romney and the Republicans win, the White House, the House and Senate, that will transform America to ‘for profit’, not ‘we the people’.
Cook for about 1.5 hours.
Football clubs are out of the ordinary because of the huge gulf between the wages of the top 30 or so staff and the rest. Whereas in a normal trading or leisure company, for example, once the CEO and a couple of his colleagues are out of the way then the high earners will be few and far between; in a top level football club, there are a number of highly paid staff who could be let go, saving enormous sums. It is harsh to say so, and I am not encouraging job losses, but injured players and players far from the first team, and indeed those who are out of contract at the end of the season would all be on the administrators’ “hit list”.
In the past few weeks, we've seen the emergence of a wonderful trend in brewing: sour Belgian ales. This is the latest stage in an evolution that has taken us from witbiers to tripels to strong goldens (last year's trendy beer). The sour barrier was breached long ago (the mid-90s saw New Glarus's Belgian Red), but it remained an incredibly obscure tributary in the currents of American brewing. But in the past year, we have seen at least a half dozen acclaimed sour beers brewed or debut in Beervana: Cascade/Raccoon Lodge's line-up of many sour ales, Double Mountain Kriek, Russian River Supplication, Walking Man Blootvoeste Bruin, BridgePortStumptown Tart, and now Deschutes Dissident.
He was talking about this guy he considers a ‘d-bag,’ and his opinion is based off the fact that this weekend was Relay for Life and he got drunk. Oh cool, you disagree with his actions. Does that really give you the right to call him names? No.
Remember that cool song by Hank Williams Jr about a country boy surviving? This ain’t it. This is some weirdo’s apocalypse fantasy where he beats up ungrateful bullies who’s wives apologize to him.
I am not a movie buff by any stretch of the imagination. I rather READ!! But.. when I hear that there is a great family movie going to be released I stand in line at the theater to support it. The only time I go to the theater, I typically wait a few years for it to be on Netflix (I am cheap!). Based on a true story this movie looks to be full of suspense, intrique and as typical in family friendly films, REDEMPTION. Here is just a quick blurb of the movie to come out in February 2012 so be sure to look for it, and get in that movie theater line!
You go to Juan-les-Pines
Acquisition 12
That February, I was asked by John Laycock, the Senior Partner, to take up the case of the Postal and Telecommunications Uniformed Staff Union, the postmen’s union.
~ Mark 4:9
Since this is a banana cake, I began by preparing the bananas. While this cake has a lovely banana flavor, you only need one cup. I grabbed for 3 of the very ripe bananas sitting on my countertop.
next to him
She's stopped at the lights and presses the lighter in as she pulls a B&H Classic and lights it. It's a nervous response, there's always a reason to reach for a smoke when a crisis looms and it helps her think about why they let her go. She'd been the perfect PA even to the point of dropping off her boss to pick up the rental because his company car wasn't available. They'd chatted, talked about a permanent contract it had all seemed so sweet, so secure, so . . .of course the primary reason for wanting to be in the same car with her was to flirt and test the waters.
I would like to clone the man for a couple days a month and get some light fixtures and mirrors in bathrooms installed. It's all the little things- there are so very many of them at this point.
Anyone who turns down millions of dollars because he doesn't want to sell out the integrity of his art deserves to have a book written about him... As much as I would love to have an officially licensed Calvin t-shirt, I totally respect his decision.
2. The back porch was converted into a butler’s pantry and wet bar.
Let’s just keep our eyes open, and see what the next big quickly-passing fad will be, shall we?
hi, remember me, lol? i've just nipped back to recommend a cd rom from just inclined called "the next big thing". i bought mine from HERE. i love all the digi stamps. they're so different and there's loads of them.Here's a few cards i've made from it.
Within each of us there is a light. It is the light of God, and when it shines it reflects not only the wonder of God but also the greatness of the human spirit. We live in difficult times. I pray that we never become fearful, but rather we turn our focus to nurturing the light within us. I hope we allow that light within us to be nourished and to grow. Darkness has one enemy that it can never defeat, and that is light. Let your light shine!
By Emil Protalinski
I added glitter to the flowers and mounted everything on Bermuda blue cardstock, also from A Muse. Those sparklers are from Kaiser and they can be found online at Ribbon Carousel.
Now I just need some BLANKS so I can add a few of my own.... like "Bike to Trader Joes"- or - "Bike to Michael's Crafts"
Life = Ministry, Ministry = Life
I am truly grateful for these experiences because I know who I am. I know what I believe and I do not waste my years trying to decide what I want to do. I love the church. I love the gospel and what it means to me. I love Heavenly Father. I love our Savior. I am truly grateful for Joseph Smith and what he had to do to bring the gospel back for each of us.
He says, 'Some men are just nice'
How did the Court derive this supposedly well-established triple exclusion? First, the "phenomena of nature" exclusion comes from decisions such as the 1948 Funk case. But the Court makes no attempt to explain how a natural phenemenon exclusion relates to the algorithm claims in question. If a newly created algorithm is a "phenomenon of nature," so must be all human inventive activity. That cannot be true. Humans are indeed "part of nature," but there could be no patent system if all human inventions are phenomena of nature.
Even when the then farmer at Barflat, Gavin Alston, demanded ‘treasure trove’ payment from Grampian Regional Council (Archaeology) in 1978 in exchange for his freshly ploughed-up Pictish ‘Rhynie Man’ (presently housed in Aberdeenshire Council’s HQ at Woodhill House, Aberdeen), right, there was no follow-up to discover why so many Pictish stones had surfaced in a single 30-acre field. Now his son Kevin Alston crows: “This will put Rhynie on the Map.”
fake insights with people who work for
And the world is tossed by every wave
However, given the inherent errors in the sampling process, and the changes to the recording system (described by Autonomous Mind), that would suggest that there could be no significant difference between the beginning of last year and the end. Arguably, audience figures are flatlining.
I can hear dripping from the kitchen - meaning that it is raining inside - better go and get the bucket - we have had the wettest week in June for 6 years!! Lots of torrential downpours and storms come through - gutters just aren't coping despite Gary cleaning them all out a month ago :( Down south near mum and dads several mini tornadoes went through on Tuesday - check out dad's photo's here These trees are so old and beautiful - as my sister said the old toilet block will never be the same again!!
Frank Cottrell Boyce’s first books are all based on what children would do when placed in extraordinary situations. ‘Millions’ is about what a couple of boys decide to do when they find a huge amount of money. And ‘Cosmic’ is about a 12-year-old boy who looks much older and gets mistaken for an adult.
infrastructure, new roads and raises the risk of flooding – and it hastens the decline of local agriculture. The underlying reason for new housing – which Con/Lib/Lab/Green/UKIP spokesmen dare not explain, is mass immigration and the growing families of high-birth-rate migrants. This process causes local people to flee from the crime-ridden multi-cultural cities. Restrict new development to “brownfield” sites and sympathetic infill, excepting in exceptional circumstances, approved by local referenda. Our desire is to preserve what remains of our counties, hamlets, heritage, traditions and communities. Halt all windfarm developments, which are inefficient, expensive and a blight on the landscape. Zero tolerance for “travellers” and their illegal anti-social activities. We shall require their prompt eviction from private and council land where they are illegally camped and ensure they are held financially accountable for their illegal activities. Grant local people the right to call binding local referenda on local issues, such as major planning proposals - 12.5% threshold of the registered electorate is sufficient to qualify to demand a poll. In line with the above policies, and consistent with my personal views, I opposed the proposal to sell the land at Ripley Gateway to Morrisons.
Hopefully I will now not meet one of these creatures alive and biting. That would not be synchronicity. That would be a story from the Twilight Zone.
That once adorned
If anyone wants to join this challenge, here are the rules and the theory behind it. There are check-ins on Sundays and Wednesdays. You can jump in at any time, even midway through the round. You are the one to set what your goals are, so it doesn't matter when you join.
The standard technique is pictured here, with the camera situated just to the side of the interviewer. This gives a nice front-on shot of the guest. The interviewer and camera should be close together so the guest is facing just slightly off-camera.
"At my school we read a really good book. It is called The Alchemist’s Portrait . I love that book! It was magical, adventurous and it really brought me into the story. It also captures your imagination so quickly! How do you do it?"
Candle tells Cupcake that he knows exactly how it feels being left out, since all his fancy brothers and sisters (Number Candle, Stripy Candle, Twisty Candle, Super-Long Candle, etc.) were picked too, leaving him behind, alone as well. Candle decides that the only thing Cupcake is missing, that would make him feel special is a cool topping. So he sets off in search of a special topping to help cheer up Cupcake. He brings back pickles and spaghetti and peas and even a squirrel, which leaves a nut on top of Cupcake's head.
I am a freelance writer who enjoys being creative in an interactive way during my free time. That’s why, besides blogging, I also love cooking, gardening and hosting parties–all creativity enhanced by interaction with others. Sharing makes most things more fun.
"Yeah, maybe! What about you?"
Here we have the second running theme--revenge. A lot of hay is made over TWoK paralleling Moby Dick, but I think that is exaggerated. For onething, only the last quarter of the novel is about revenge. The first three-fourths is about the business of whaling, whale anatomy, and, if you buy into modern literary thought, a thinly veiled homosexual allegory between Ahab and Queequeg. Yes, Ahab is considered the archetype of the revenge obsessed man. Pretty much any modern story featuring revenge will have theme established by his behavior. But the allusions are brought up by khan himself. He sees himself as Ahab and Kirk as the great white whale.
Since I was about 14 years old, I have been attracted to the idea of being dominated. Not in sex, but close, on a physical level. I used to have some guy friends and we played around sometimes, where one of them sometimes held me down and I really liked that. Also I often imagined about similar things, and it always made me feel good. But when such a situation occurred outside of a playful scenario, I did not like it at all. I was once stopped with my bike by 2 guys that threatened me, and I felt afraid and disgusted by them. So when the imagined situation was more real, I had the opposite feeling. When it was in a playful scenario or in my mind, I felt good.
For this Christmas bake some cupcakes, bars, cookies or just make something with your hands and put it in a beautiful box as a present, you can buy the box or you can make it and put some beautiful tags, you can see some free tags here, use it for your presents and favours.
This is my child that steals and lies 100 x a day. It is what she does. How she controls that which she can not.
The past three issues of the Believer (p, duh)
--Prepare a 9 x 13 x 2 inch pan as follows....Cover the pan lightly with shortening.
This feels a little bit like putting my foot in my mouth - since I'm going to say some things that I might regret later. Oh well.
Her Grandmother provided a toy that had a more long lasting impact when she traded a milk cow for a neighbour's piano. Bobbie taught herself to play by listening in church, and precociously had her first song in the bag by the time she was seven: My Dog Sergeant Is A Good Dog was later wheeled out as part of her nightclub act and survives on a BBC TV show. The rest of her oeuvre would be hugely influenced by her dirt poor, woodland community upbringing.
59. The coconut is the largest seed in the world.
It is a huge switch for me as I have been here
Beside weapons, the economic relations between Soviet Union/ Comecon and their periphery highlighted in multiple projects of infrastructure (like in railroads and health care) and – in the case of Yugoslavia – in the exchange of Russian oil and fertilizers against shipbuilding and consumer goods like for example shoes. Many of these projects survived the breakdown of the Soviet Union and were to be continued in the 1990s. But it should come differently.
I am still fairly new to the world of blogging. I have followed a hand full of blogs for some 3 years or so, but not ventured into uncharted waters, which is why I think I’m new at it. I am trying to branch out and read more blogs. This is one of the blogs I’ve followed for the past 3 years. I don’t read it faithfully everyday, or even try to keep up with every single thing he writes, but I have yet to go to this blog and not be fascinated. The way the author has it set up you can see titles and photos from older posts along the margin and clicking those links can take you on a magical mystery tour of music and cultures you never dreamed of.
Volume, Contrast, Brilliance… Sessions & Singles (1983)
With that in mind, Oversight Republicans believe the president’s blueprint actually raises deficits another $10 billion to $20 billion.
"Israel is the only state in the world whose right to exist is openly doubted.”
receive a digi from the BLD Shop and will have an opportunity to be our
if me boobs don’t wobble,
of the first time I ever saw you--
We'll see her first official post with us May 3rd.
With my mate Eddie Grundy.
I could only find 4″ black drainpipes in the local DIY store, in 7 foot lengths. 6″ diameter is ideal for parnsips but to be honest if I get a parsnip big enough to get stuck in a 4″ pipe I’ll be chuffed! Cut in half I buried them in a section of raised bed. The pipes will be filled with the growing medium and should I manage to grow something longer than 3 and a half foot the tap root can keep going into the soil below which I can carefully dig out at show time in August (haha who am I kidding!). By part burying them in the raised bed I hope to avoid the hassle and expense of constructing some sort of frame to support the pipes. And I avoid the need for drums and tonnes of sand – don’t know what I’m talking about? Check out Darren’s method. 8 pipes are now in and I’ll buy enough for another 8 towards the end of the month. I’ll sieve the topsoil in the rest of the bed and core out a number of stations to fill with mix and sow stump carrots directly. I’ll also grow some stump carrots in sand in half barrels – with a variety of methods I’m hoping to get a decent result from one of them!
One thing they will also never do, is allow you to come back for another reading within 6 months. There is no need for readings frequently and if they let you, they are only after your money. Those may be very basic guidelines, but they are some to watch out for. Trust your gut feeling and try to find out from as many people as you can about the medium first. Mind you, that isn’t always necessarily a help either as people are often taken in by hearing what they want to hear rather than the truth. A good reading gives what you need and not what you want.
I went to the counters ready to test drive all the new shades but completely forgot to remove my current nail polish. Luckily Dior came to the rescue with some nail polish removers!
(See the holes where the logs were inoculated with mushrooms?)
Some people are incredibly obnoxious but I suppose you have to have them in the background to realise that you are, despite your faults, for me there are many that you’re actually one of the better ones roaming about the planet.
I have arrived at the conclusion, that as a Palestinian who is aware of the other parts of history behind the Lebanon war, that I ought not to merely complain about this film’s inaccuracies, but realize that it is an insight into the mind of an Israeli soldier. Not only do they see as as faceless and nameless rabble, but they also see themselves as morally superior at every turn of event, finding difficulty in taking responsibility for any action they may commit. So let us go to them, let us let them know that of the 6+ million Palestinians scattered throughout Palestine, Lebanon, Jordan, Syria and the rest of the world, we are not faceless and we are not morally inferior.
“My pretty little fuck pig, still just as greedy.”
This beer emerged here in Ise just after I made a trip back to Oregon, where I was surrounded by wonderfully hoppy beers. It was a nice surprise to find this nicely balanced offering coming out of Ise (while Ise Kadoya regularly puts out fantastic beers, not many aim for this particular taste).
The Best Super Bowl Spot That No One Saw
Girl: "So we're connecting in Dallas, how long's the flight? What's the time change?"
With the rest of the girls also excited to play some more, there have been an upturn in sales at the supermarket baking isle.
But ladies, be honest, am I on the road to Schlumpadinkaville? Is it the beginning of one of those times when, before you know it, you don’t even recognize your cute former self? Then, in a desperate attempt to try to get you help, your family nominates you for one of those makeover shows where everyone is gasping at how you let yourself go?
2. i like to listen to james blunt and jack johnson.
And friends in the crowd that I haven’t seen in thirty years! What are they doing now - gone like Strummer and Joey, or alive, survived and gratefully older like David Jo and Debbie?
Journalists from the Independent, the Guardian or the New York Times may faint at the suggestion, but it is becoming progressively more common to hear Africans state openly that life was better of under Colonial rule, even the current South African President's brother Moeletsi Mbeki recently admitted that “The average African is worse off now than during the colonial era”and he is certainly not alone
Commercial transactions, he argued, also fostered improvements in moral behavior by rewarding positive personal traits such as reliability, discipline, helpfulness, and friendliness towards one’s fellow citizens. Free trade created better human beings.
This particular day has also been called "a significant day in the history of tall buildings," although I doubt anybody today will be celebrating this rather vicious and sudden test of architectural endurance.
Her social filters are broken thus she has no qualms of calling out anyone on anything. That is not a very good thing but it works for her because she has the protection of creator.Yes, she rarely gets upset or loses her cool but when she does she means it. She dislikes inveterate complainants and few months ago she cursed one that they lived complaining and will die complaining. IK has been on DG’s case to take her words back but she is adamant because words once said cannot be taken back and when she said it she meant it.
These are just personal goals, not necessarily blogging goals.
Soon Fernando reappeared and challenged the Commando and me to a game at the pool table. At first I demurred, remembering my last attempt (1995, pub in Cornwall) and the result (cue through the baize, getting us chucked out). But my resistance was futile and I found myself cluelessly taking aim. I hadn’t the faintest idea what I was doing and was utterly reliant on earnest coaching from the Commando; very out of character for me.
My second child is a very finicky eater. I would like to spend some time writing about her on my blog in the future, but this time, I’d like to go straight to the story about this recipe.
Senators Manny Villar and Jinggoy Estrada have filed separate bills seeking to criminalize necrophilia – specifically, having sex with a corpse. The proposed measure has reportedly scared off prospective suitors of Madam Auring!
Discipline 2
What are some of your beauty budget favs?
13. Arizona Cardinals OG David DeCastro (B.C.) Arizona traded for K. Kolb and like I stated last year he was one hit on the chin away from being knocked out of multiple games. Guess what, he was. DeCastro may help with that problem and provide Beannie Wells and crew some holes in which to run through.
And then the realisation dawned on me.It was the instant i saw him walk away in the middle of the only class we had in common and for which he had turned up after two days; not even bothering with a glance at me.I recalled the story of a boy my best friend Vidhi had told me the other day,who was so obsessed with a pendant his late dad had left for him that he quoted events and proofs to claim it as his lucky charm.He always won his soccer matches when he had the pendant with him.One fine day,he discovered a crack in the thing and took it to his mom.His mom promised to get it mended and she did.The next day when the kid came back home after winning a match,his mom kissed him and told him they needed to talk.Turns out the pendant could not be repaired and the mother had bought an exactly similar one for the child just because he thought he could not go on without the pendant,which as it was evidently proven,he totally could.I was being the child.My unrequited feelings,and the hurt and aching hollowness which were taking over them, were distorting the paradigm through which i had to see the entire thing in context.I had to get my mind out of the mess where it could think rationally.Fast ! And boy,is blabbering always easier than doing the task for real !
9:00-10:00 PM Hart of Dixie (season finale)
"To restore confidence in the University of North Carolina and our football program, it's time to make a change," said Thorp in a statement released by the school. "What started as a purely athletic issue has begun to chip away at this University's reputation. I have been deliberate in my approach to understanding this situation fully, and I have worked to be fair to everyone involved. However, I have lost confidence in our ability to come through this without harming the way people think of this institution. Our academic integrity is paramount and we must work diligently to protect it. The only way to move forward and put this behind us is to make a change."
We passed by the old Bentall’s store, now part of the Bentall Centre shopping complex, which boasts that it contains over 80 shops and attracts over 14 million visitors a year. Our main interest now, however, was to round off our day by exploring Kingston’s famous market.
My heart stirs and speaks the truth: "The Lord will fulfill his purpose for me; your love, O Lord, endures forever--do not abandon the works of your hands. O Lord, you have searched me and you know me. You know when I sit and when I rise; you perceive my thoughts from afar. You discren my going out and my lying down; you are familiar with all my ways. Before a word is on my tongue, you know it completely, O Lord...Where can I go from your Spirit?...If I rise on the wings of the dawn, if I settle on the far side of the sea, even there your hand will guide me, your right hand will hold me fast."
how sweet
Jane discovers one secret about Birch Grove, which only leads to more mysteries. What is she willing to sacrifice in order to stay at this
well I guess a little girl"
I eventually find the entrance on the Rue de Charenton, curiously an ancient stone gateway, which leads me through to pure 1960s brutalism. I have found the hospital, but still don’t see the logic in the cryptic name of the establishment. Later I discover that it is in fact a remnant of a bizarre system of medieval counting, representing three hundred (15x20), the number of beds planned for the original hospital building.
lingering daylight hours
Good morning lovlies and happy Friday!
I tried on this cardigan by Splendid because I happen to love my other Splendid cardigan I got a few years back on sale at Anthro. This cardigan was the very same fabric as the one i already own, and was just as comfortable and soft, but the draping on this one wasn't as flattering as I had hoped it would be. It fell short, literally. I felt like the draping needed to be a little longer in the front instead of ending where it did, a little on the short side. It wasn't super flattering on me and I honestly wasn't wowed by the color on me either. I felt a little washed out by it. Pass.
All you have to do is leave comments on our blogs!
Is there something in the water in Finland ?
Make marshmallow men
The Jetstar I planted for Don finally started producing . Blech. But at least it keeps him out of my beloved Brandywines. It's so odd that they are ripening so much later when they are "supposed" to take 2 weeks less to mature. The yield has been "just right"....about 1 per day.
I hope you’ll find a moment to remember some of your favorites things today!
Was used to create the two upper most background layers.
Cleaning up and making sure our customer’s are happy before leaving is important plus making sure they know they can contact us in the future if they come across any problems.
Glen Campbell: Witchata Lineman (My friend Lizzie)
When I am together, when I sing the song.
This is much like stopping and smelling the rose. In fact, it is the same. This phrase for me applies directly to my little Space Man. There are times when he can be so frustrating, so difficult to deal with but it is at these times that I need to remember him and think, "What does he need?" Sometimes he just wants to be held or read to and sometimes he wants to stop and watch the fishes.
“Detective! I found this in the study. At first I thought it was no big deal, but take a whiff.” Johnson carefully accepted the glass, sniffing the interior. He almost groaned out loud. Beneath the scent of the very expensive liquor, was a trace of bitter almonds.
I've been sent a proposition and have been pulling my hair out for a couple of days deciding what to do. A friend directed me to your website and I knew you'd be the right person to ask!
As they arrived they were greeted with a long line outside of the Publick House. They went to the end of the line and there they waited. Eagerly everyone in line stood as they all waited for the doors to the Publick House to open. Thomas and Philip saw their good compatriot Jacklyn towards the front of the line. She walked over to them.
What could we do for someone else, as a family, that
. . . a simple truth: If the invention and the patent or patents that read on it are good enough, both parties will be interested in finding a deal that works for you and for them. After all, winning is more fun than losing.
Bu in my next piece I will talk about the central business process for the traditional organization. The process that any executive has to master. The key to success for you if you wish to climb what is left of the greasy pole. The main barrier against all forms of cooperation and why 2.0 will fail in most organizations. The Budget!
But would anyone be surprised if he did suffer from that kind of injury? He played 20 years in the NFL. He had been taking shots to the head since he was a star high school player at Oceanside High School, and probably earlier than that. A big, fast, violent player in a violent sport. How many hits to the head is that, between Oceanside High and Junior Seau being found dead at his home in Oceanside yesterday morning?
Authors in Notes from Underground:
Day 10 26/3/2012 (Monday)
I wish there were film executives that felt the same way. It seems every day we are subject to really bad posters that are supposed to ENTICE you into the theater, only to send you running in the other direction.
And not just cake...home made soup for lunch, as well!
Brendan has no front teeth. Wyatt is mostly responsible. The teeth have been semi-loose for a while but not much (My boys, so far, lose their teeth kinda late!) Then a fist to the mouth (all in good fun, of course) got one of them quite loose. Brendan was thrilled. He wiggled and messed with it for several hours until it was yanked from his mouth. A few days later....same thing to the tooth next to it. Only difference...it was an elbow instead of a fist. Wyatt! Again, wiggling, pushing, pulling, twisting ensued. I was grossed out beyond belief. He kept showing me this bloody mess of a tooth hanging there in his mouth. By the end of the day that tooth was out. Both front teeth gonzo!
Megan Grace was born and passed away on 06/29/2009. We learned at 20 weeks that we were having a little girl however she would not be with us long once she was born.
But if you’re going to think like this, then there’s nothing that could possibly prove you wrong, or undermine your position in any way, however much it supports an alternative explanation to the one you favour. And thinking as inflexibly as this is never good, because on the off-chance that you are wrong to begin with, you’re screwed. Even if you decide that you’re not going to see anything in the Bible as an internal contradiction, however contradictory, then passages like the above certainly shouldn’t lead you to the idea that it supports itself. The convoluted explanation for how Judas died isn’t backed up anywhere else, by any description that directly suggests that that’s what happened, let alone by anything actually credible. Even if you choose not to see it as an inconsistency, something requiring such lateral-thinking problem-solving as this ought to raise a red flag or two, and make you wonder whether there’s enough of a reason outside of this passage to take the contrived work-around seriously.
With my recently healed broken foot trumping Necie's bad back.....
Holocher said FC Barcelona’s great soccer culture was evidenced by how humble they were when they scored. He mentioned how Barcelona’s players would join together in a circle and hug each other as a sign of unity after they scored.
My passions are simple - Christian, wife, mom, teacher.
Here are some of my favorite phobias:
The example provided here deals specifically with the intersection of the consensus within the scientific community on climate change and the public perceptions of the same topic. However, you can see how the results of this study can be extrapolated to a variety of scientific fields & related pseudosciences: evolution vs. creationism, science-based medicine vs. alt-med quackery, established physics vs. various New Age woo-woo, etc. Here is more information about the study…
and Jill was filled with laughter.
* Filters and Effects
We have come to Cedar Key — a place longtime residents of this tranquil Gulf Coast island compare to the Key West of 50 years ago.
And what the Hell good is all this sleep doing them anyway? It just gives them a chance to dream foolish dreams that they’ll never be able to achieve. I didn’t dare have dreams when I was a boy. My ambition was to survive childhood and take whatever job my dad had planned for me. Dreams are the devil’s cinema and don’t lead to anything but foolishness, heartache and pain.
Horticultural pruning seems to be one of those subjects.
Date: Mon, 2 Apr 2012 15:36:55
Wade Choate vs. Justin Robbins
Mrs. Bethany – Named for my sister Bethany who is also an educator. However, the real Bethany tells me that she never would have let Colby leave study hall.
I feel this is the BIGGEST mistake men make when it comes to women they are interested in. . Whether it be a situation where a guy is out in a public or social setting and wants to approach a woman, he often does not know what to look for in terms of her giving him cues and hints (through body language) that he is welcome to come and talk to her.
As a craft beer fan I often have a hard time not rolling my eyes when someone tells me Keystone Light is their “go-to beer” but it would be counter-productive to do so. Trying craft beer is almost like trying beer for the first time. It’s new and exciting (at least it should be) and no one wants to feel judged if they still have Keystone Light every weekend. It’s really all about progress and I’m confident that we can do more good than harm by accepting what everyone drinks and move on from there. If we take the time to understand the man (or woman) behind the beer we can take the right steps to convert those who need and want a push in the right direction (and even those who don’t).
Now have some news about shows on CBS that will not be returning. The network has chosen between its CSI spin-offs, giving continued life to CSI: NY and putting an end to CSI: Miami after 10 seasons. Also bidding goodbye are freshman offerings Unforgettable, A Gifted Man, NYC 22 and Rob.
The stillness of sitting in warm sun without a care.
Other ADC events, however, have not proved as encouraging, most notably the Charlotte gathering--at which, for reasons that remain unclear, the administration invited the radically anti-lacrosse Duke student Chauncey Nartey to represent the student body, even though the fraternity of which Nartey was president had recently been suspended.
You see, when I came out, and first told everyone about the transition, the first questions from everyone were about bathroom privileges, gender pronouns, and what the Hell my new name was gonna be! And I didn’t know just where it would fit in, I just knew that I was meant to be called Argiope. Pronounced properly, Ar -jye (or a soft G) -oh -pee, it was the name, I discovered, from a very intimidating, yet marvelous spider I once came across in Texas. Argiope. It just fit fit. But where?
Did you guys know my father-in-law makes THE best bacon I have ever had?
”In developing our proposals, we were always focused on delivering the best possible…..
There are two types of ribs.
I’m that bad as a soothsayer.
March 26, 2012 at 8:27 AM
Yes, you can link spaghetti to Italians, and baklava to Greeks, and chop suey to Chinese and chili to Chile…..um…well, maybe not that last one, but you get the point. Yet we all eat all of that stuff, so why should anyone become upset because Mary J. Blige sings about chickens? It’s NOT stereotyping because IT’S NOT!!!!
The interview, which was eventually published in Filmfax and of which portions were reworked in my Monsters Are Attacking Tokyo! book, went well, with Medina obliging with amusing anecdotes about various films and personalities, and generally being very good-naturedly dismissive about her own career. It was a bit more formal than I was used to, and we weren’t exactly best pals by the time it was over, but she seemed to appreciate how respectfully I treated her. I was a little hesitant inquiring about such things as her working relationship with The Three Stooges or what it was like playing opposite a man in a lion suit (see below) but she maintained a good sense of humor throughout.
Two very important things have happened in my life which helped me clarify the difference between race and behavior and how behavior can indeed be related to a race by ‘their’ choice, not by my observation. Fortunately for me I was raised in what now seems an idealized heterogeneous world………meaning every possible combination of race, religion, disability, sexuality and all the other isms. Currently I live in what has to be the Craig Venter lab for heterogeneity - N. California bay area -if you can not find it here, it plain does not exist.
Through sports and gambling Kali encourages untruth. Through drinking he encourages a loss of sobriety and simplicity, because alcohol sets free our “repressed” desires. Where there is sexual promiscuity Kali destroys purity and cleanliness, causing loss of self-esteem and venereal disease. Where there is meat eating Kali destroys compassion.
When opposition blocks your path why do you hesitate?
According to Boxman, De Grant and Flap (1991)
Snuggles with Grandma...
I reuse frying oil a few times before discarding by straining it through a fine sieve then transferring to a bottle that’s labeled with the date and how many times used.
The other part of her style I love is the way she sings certain words - "door" becomes "doe-hoo" and other words become polysyllabic. I'm sure there's a proper musical term for her fluctuations.
Rossbell Singh is Fiji-Indian. Her strict upbringing highlighted the importance of discipline. She is keen to pass this on to her own son so, to establish a routine of studying, she employed a private tutor. When he started kindergarten.
The Constitution of the Philippines, drafted by the duly elected representatives of the Filipino people, provides in its section 1, Article II, that “The Philippines is a republican states, sovereignty resides in the people and all government authority emanates from them.” The people have delegated the government authority to three different and separate Departments: Legislative, Executive, and Judicial. In section 1, Article VI, the legislative power to make laws is conferred upon Congress; the executive power to faithfully executed the laws is vested by sections 1 and 10 of Article VII, in the President; and the judicial power is vested by section 1, Article VII, in one Supreme Court and in such inferior courts as may be established by law, the Supreme Court having the supremacy to pass upon “the constitutionality or validity of any treaty, law, ordinance, or executive order or regulations.”
The dynamics of united front
My card base is SU! Kraft, and the designer paper is My Mind's Eye. The sentiment is cut with a Spellbinder's classic oval large, and framed with a SB Lacey oval. I have embossed a Cuttlebug design on the bottom, and added Fanciful Flourishes by Cheery Lynn. I added some hand dyed seam binding and various flowers from my stash, some Martha Stewart punched boughs, and then topped it off with a sweet Cheery Lynn Exotic Butterfly Small.
Over the years I have had some breakthroughs and she has been involved in four or five aneros massager induced prostate orgasms I have done, but never has she been involved in an mmo session where it was self induced with no massager. That is until this last weds night.
No, sheet, I ain’t never seen nuthin’ like it. What with their drinkin’ all the time, callin’ ‘em forth. Lucky’s ma’s and ol’ man’s drinkin’ and the concern I have for ‘em and them drinkin’ all the time, with their kitchen countertop filled with bottles, more of ‘em empty than full, and unwasrhed glasses and the necessary jiggers and all the dishes and the pots and the pans in the house, all of ‘em durty all at the same time, fillin’ the sink and counter waitin’ there for somebody to lift a gotdamn finger. I was thunderstruck by it but aimed for it not to git in the way of my relationship with Lucky, so I wasn’t gunna say nothin’ about it. How somebody keeps their house is their own business and who was I to say that my house where everything had its place and everything out of place usually got put back immediately who was I to say that it was inny better and that the way we lived was inny better than the way Lucky’s family lived when Lucky and me was barely in our teens.
and many more!
Hops: Northern Brewer, Fuggles, other unidentified hops. Dry-hopped with Fuggles.
I'm back. I've spent the last three and a half weeks on the Gulf Coast of Florida enjoying glorious warm sunny days whilst my family and friends back home in England suffered cold, wind and rain. We stay in a modest two bed condominium on Siesta Key, a short walk to the 3.5 mile beach voted the "Best Beach in the USA" last year and it's paradise. I thought I 'd share a few photos. The unit has two bedrooms and two bathrooms and a screened in balcony. It is available for rent. If anyone is interested, drop me a line. The condominium has a website too although the photos of our place are old before refurbishment.
Because there seems to be no little confusion about this matter, it’s high time to broach the topic of devotional Methods, and what better way than to look at a venerable spiritual work such as Lady Lucy Herbert’s collection. This little book contains some excellent methods that can act as a spring board to enriching our experience of the Traditional Latin Mass.
5. To retain most of okra’s nutrients and self-digesting enzymes, itshould be cooked as little as possible, e.g. with low heat or lightly steamed. Some eat it raw too.
everywhere prohibiting us from taking risks, from going where we choose,
At one point, I came across a fork on the track and memorised this route just in case I got lost. Luck was with me – I turned right and apparently that was the correct direction to Anchorage Bay.
I’ve always been interested in the ‘Jigsaw’ classroom structure – it’s one of those things I’ve heard about as ‘If you can pull off a jigsaw, your kids will learn so much! And they’ll learn to work with each other! And they’re teaching each other, so it’s even more meaningful!’. I guess, when people tell me about it, it hits all the right notes for meaningful group work. Anyway – I finally found a good place to try it and it seemed to work pretty well, so I thought I’d share it.
That said, I’m still not sure where I ultimately want to go. I’m still thinking writer, or maybe professor — or, since it’s a “publish or perish” world for academics, maybe both. But it does feel good to commit to where I am for the next few years. Now that I see my job as an on-the-job PhD. program (I credit Judith with that analogy), working late or on weekends isn’t so bad. The commercial issues behind the contract provisions really are interesting (even if the contract provisions still make me want to shove a sharp object in my eye), and the faster and the more thoroughly I learn the stuff, the more opportunities I’ll have later on.
purple
...AH! But then we have the aliens! Here are a superior race of tights-wearing, tunic-sporting, exposition-spouting morons from outer space whose most threatening aspect is the fact that they can pilot modified pie pans/hubcaps in the vacuum of outer space. As Eros, Dudley Manlove (...I'm sorry, that name...) has the face and build of a stockholder but the voice of a soap opera announcer; handy when all your dialogue would benefit from organ music in the background.
Anderson Valley Boont Imperial Amber Ale
The Beginning Of My Journey
But honestly, I think I get such satisfaction from things like this specifically because I do them for no other reason than my own free will. Making a fire when you have a perfectly good heating system is fun simply because it's optional. It's an extra that I do just because I feel like it, and because looking at that little fire chugging along is reassuring. The wood fire is there because I willed it to be. Clearly, it's a sharp contrast to the way my mornings run otherwise, and it's a needed difference that actually reduces my stress. The bulk of time between waking and getting Ada off to school is mostly about doing things not because I feel like it, but because they just need to be done. Starting a day with lighting the stove is like putting a capital at the start of a declarative sentence: I still exist as something outside of the routine; I retain my free will.
13. Yes, this is an unlucky # and Friday the 13th will always haunt me. Haley went to Heaven on Friday, June 13th 2008. I wish they would take this day off the calendar.
So a detailed inventory of who was using the CIMS database in the ridings allegedly hit by robocalls should narrow down the search for the culprit considerably. A spokesman for the Conservative Party said the Elections Commissioner, who is investigating the issue, has not yet asked for this information.
Is a good record better than live music raw?
Now, I believe that it’s better to be wise and be slow in order to marry the right person, rather than rush into a marriage because my “biological clock is ticking”. I would prefer to be childless and with a man that actually loves me and cares about my wellbeing than to have beautiful children with a man I regret marrying.
My parents liked board games . Dad bought me this one, played it with us kids a few times but then when us kids played on our own he found it too noisy.We weren't allowed to play in our rooms often, but this game was our "in". I bought the same game for my kids, a few of the pieces still turn up from time to time....and yes the noise drove me batty too.
The litter box goes unnoticed.
Especially mascara. And now that I'm older; eyeliner. Oh, and a little magic in the eyebrow area.
I still cannot believe how simple it seemed, once we were in place. I cannot believe how fast it went from the start of pain to the end of it all.
But...hey, do you like Journey? Wait til you hear my new ringtone!
Sometimes, a person with a false belief promulgates their belief and proselytizes others to join in their belief and champion the irrational cause. What should a fair minded person do then? If these false beliefs can be contested in an open debate where true facts can be presented alongside of false ones, then the true facts should win the arguments. There is a real problem, however, which occurs when the proselytizers present their side to a typical audience who wants to believe the false ideas because it makes them feel better. When an argument is based not on testable facts but upon hoped for ideals it becomes difficult for reason to be considered valid, because reason seems cold and heartless and hope is warm and sensitive and feels so much better. Why face ugly facts when one can look at the bright side of things and hope for the best outcome?
Modest: Avoid low-cut tops, short skirts, short shorts, tight clothing, sleeveless styles, and low-slung pants (unless paired with a l-o-o-o-ng top). Use caution when incorporating elements that may be interpreted as “sexy,” like open-weave stockings and lace tops. Layering is a great way to make a revealing outfit less so.
Casia is the type of person who likes to collect. She received two Carebears when she was about two years old and for the next few years, her goal was to collect them all; she came close. She was given a Webkinz a couple years later and the same obsession overtook her. If she has the first in a book series that she likes, she wants the whole set, even after she no longer reads that series (i.e. The Magic Treehouse).
Spectrum Noirs TN2 and FS6
This past weekend the girls and I ventured out to Sissy's horse show. The girls loved seeing the horses and always love a chance to see their "Sissy."
I’ll see you soon……………
Give it up for the blog!!! It's 10 years old now... TEN YEARS I've been blogging, bringing you scintillating conversation (albeit one-sided conversation, but still!) and fah-bulous images (ok... the images are not consistent, but I'm TRYING to post more lately) Anyways... I blog away and get nothing in return (sniff sniff) not even a little click of the mouse. I'm hurt. ;)
The costs of the relief effort, and of rebuilding the homes and lives of those affected, will be immense. Donations to the British Red Cross will be used towards helping the Japanese people recover from this devastating natural disaster over the coming months and years.
stiffling yawns
I read a piece about a young woman who had an eating disorder, and she said it was only through feminist philosophy that she was able to be healthy and love herself. I understand that eating disorders are difficult, and I do not want to be insensitive to such a condition, but I think that loving yourself and being healthy is a decision you can make in your mind without feminist philosophy. It is all about where you find your value. I also don’t believe in the use of feminism to defend self-destructive behaviors such as promiscuity.
And on and on and on. My, it's getting loud in here.
As discussed previously, peregrines are protected by law. They are rare and threatened by man in the wider countryside. The last few years have seen a rise in the number of thefts and damage to peregrine nests from egg collectors. The number of incidents involving young and adult birds being stolen or killed has also risen. It is a myth that their UK population is high. It is only just recovering to pre-1940′s levels, when their numbers crashed due to damage by pesticides that caused thinning of egg shells and failure to hatch.
I wouldn't be seeing crazy little man Anthony.
What can you say about a film whose biggest legacy is adding “nuke the fridge,” a phrase meaning something in a movie so incredulous, it ruins the rest of the viewing experience, to the lexicon?
I have both authors here for guest posts and giveaways, so have fun! :)
By using these epigraphs to tie back into the Afghan war theme, Wayman never lets us off the hook, even when the poems veer into more personal or abstract concerns. It’s the exact opposite of what the corporate media does—fracturing our attention span precisely so that we DON’T call our leaders on the carpet for murdering in our name. In this, Wayman is connecting to an ancient tradition in poetry alluded to by the late Irving Layton, who called poets “prophets and the sons of prophets” (in his sometimes sexist way, forgetting of course the other half of that equation). Prophets not in the sense of foretelling the future but like the Old Testament prophets Isaiah and Jeremiah, stinging the collective conscience, bearing witness that all is not as it should be in the Promised Land. It’s not easy, it’s not pretty, but someone has to do it. And if readers can’t take it, too bad. As Layton said, poets aren’t entertainers; if you want entertainment, turn on CNN or the Disney channel.
From the sidelines
Last month’s interviewees !!The!!Bang!!Gang!! will be playing at Seco Pearl on Saturday, March 27. This could be their last performance for a while. All-new material is promised. Manby’s Head open. Both groups will have their latest releases available for purchase. Admission: $5.00- $15.00.
Daisy likes to grab Shadow by the throat and shove him down. It’s easy to tell who the dominant one in this relationship is!
in their own ways,
room was moist also, even up
Think of it as your own personal sweets concierge. But not just any sweets. They are treats that are handcrafted, hand rolled, hand dipped, and sourced by hand. Made locally and organically by small independent food artisans in your own neighborhood that you're yet discover. We'll scavenge day and night, finding you, and you alone (cough, cough) the very best that the dessert world has to offer. Edy's ice cream every night was fun in college, but being envious of your food editor friend at Martha Stewart or Saveur is no way to live. Why shouldn't you get to indulge in the latest chocolate hazelnut spread, truffled popcorn or fleur del sole fudge squares? The Black Box Dessert Club is made with you in mind. All my lovely blog friends, followers and quiet passersby. Its the perfect gift for yourself once, or maybe a friend who needs a few months worth of cheering up a la pumpkin spice marshmallows. I spent weeks designing the packaging concept, traveling far and wide to discover the most delicious sweets, and am celebrating my beginning stages with a set of limited edition boxes just for my fans. I really do hope you like my idea and you will join my club, treat yourself, or treat someone else. You've supported my blog the last two years, and this is my way to pay the love forward. The world needs a bit more sweetness don't you think?
With a whisk, stir in the sugar. The mixture might get grainy, but it will even out. Whisk in the eggs one by one, then add the vanilla and whisk enthusiastically to smooth the batter. Finally, gently whisk in the espresso powder, if you're using it, salt and flour, stirring only until incorporated. Scrape the batter into the pan and smooth the top with a rubber spatula. Sprinkle the pecans (if using) on top of the batter and lightly press into the batter, just enough to anchor the nuts.
1. Henrik Rubin (FL) 35; 2. Lee Hammerschmidt (BH) 38; 3. KEvin Crowell (FL) 39; 4. Colin McCree (FL) 41; 5. Matt Rosenberg (BH) 45; 6. Alec Ifshin (BH) 47; 7t. Frank Gaudio (BH) 48; 7t. Dillon Glascogt (FL) 48; 9. Brendan McCree (FL) 50; 10. Ross Erhlich (BH) 53.
i also wish singaporeans could be a little more considerate.
I LOVED each and every one gift she sent. And I had a blast getting to know her!!
How cool would it be to walk through a huge orchard of fruit trees, and find the one branch on the one tree that was growing a wholly different variety of fruit?
I hope you enjoyed this video, I know I did, Johnny is such an inspiration and he knows it, which is awesome! Can’t wait to see more of these “webisodes” in the near future!
Coming back to Brum, in the coming months the BNP has a great opportunity to gain representation on the council.
--Mix everything in a bowl with a hand whisk (recipe says an electric one but I didn't and it was fine) and whisk until well-combined and smooth without any lumps of icing sugar. The topping should be thick but pourable. Adjust the consistency by adding more icing sugar or lemon juice.
As long as it’s not Onion Bunion……
-he’s elitist,
Her: No...wait, yes. So?
Our inactive ingredients aren't just empty filler. Beyond Coastal's Natural sunscreens nourish, repair, and hydrate your skin with aloe vera, shea butter, and vitamin C.
Scarf - Christmas gift (from Target)
In lieu of the position I want, I hang towards the window and survey scenery I’ve seen so many times before it no longer registers. A tree’s a tree.
There are some things I never thought I would see. One of them being the main train station being used as a very public toilet. This makes me sad as clearly they’ve got nowhere else to go and there are only so many homeless you can give your spare change to. Another, more invigorating sight, being a live one man show of Musica di Cucina! Kitchen Music! Performed and received very seriously.
Overall Rating: 2.5/5
I’m having quite a hard time getting up to date with the Weekly Updates, having somewhat naively hoped to catch up with time before summer ended, but here I am, middle of autumn, with less progress made than I would have feared a couple of months back. Ah well, I’m still holding on to that blind hope of mine – maybe it’ll turn to something one of these days.
Now, when I was a swimmer I ate around 5,000 calories a day because I burned off more than that by training 30 hours a week from the age of 11 until I was 17. From 18-21 I didn't train nearly as much because I wasn't focused anymore from all my problems. After I stopped swimming altogether at around 20-21, I didn't gain a single pound from when I was 17 until many years later when I began the depakote.
The story itself:
“In 2005, Moore criticized what he saw as scare tactics and disinformation employed by some within the environmental movement, saying that the environmental movement "abandoned science and logic in favor of emotion and sensationalism." Moore contends that for the environmental movement "most of the really serious problems have been dealt with", seeking now to "invent doom and gloom scenarios". He suggests they romanticise peasant life as part of an anti-industrial campaign to prevent development in less-developed countries, which he describes as "anti-human".
I racked my brain for what I could have done. I’m not selling anything, making any money, or providing get-rich-quick schemes, and if people want to buy Pride and Prejudice based on my posts, I only benefit by knowing that other people will find enjoyment in the book. (I am an English teacher, so please do not have any notion that that profession is a way to get rich quick. Or at all.) The only thing I could think of was linking a post to Amazon three weeks ago, so my readers could read a review. In the meantime, my blog was branded with the Scarlet Letter, and anyone who looked at it would see that I had violated something. It prompted my mother to email me to ask what happened.
Dishes washed, the new transplants watered, the sun birds spectacularly feasting on the wilde dagga that had colonized the garden. The hoopoes preening before their ladies. Everywhere so much happening. Such a simple magnificence.
Fortunately, though, when I arrived at the bridal shop with parents and a sister in tow (along with no less than 3 trial shoe options, two hair fascinators, a veil, earring options, and a bracelet) and tried on the dress it was what I remembered. RELIEF! Wearing it, I felt beautiful. The size was the right size to have ordered - although it will have to be taken in in the waist and a little in the bust, it was the right size for my hips which, proportionally, is where I am the biggest. BUT because of the rest, my dress saleswoman, had to hold back all the boning so that I wouldn't look like I was swimming in it.
Not far from the Shaffer Hotel is Pop’s old residence, Rancho Bonito. Guarded by an alarming wooden creature and comprised of two fairly small buildings that are perhaps even more colorful and fanciful than the Shaffer, it’s very much worth a look. Both the hotel and Rancho Bonito are on the National Register of Historic Places. The Shaffer is for sale or lease if you want to own or operate a piece of history. Accommodations range from “cowboy” rooms with no bath to spacious suites. I’m sure all ghosts will be included at no additional charge.
and drumming
Ah, Zumba is the great equalizer. Take that Madame Sexy Abs!
Ender’s Shadow – Nikolai – Greek, “people’s victory” – Should we not ask the people who think Colan means dove, this might put me in the peculiar position of having sons named with the same meaning (whatever, man, I bet there’s a family somewhere with sons named John, Matthew, Nathaniel, and Theodore). But Colan is a sword-flinger whereas Nikolai is a brother among brothers. We just won’t shorten their names lest the “col” root confuse anyone.
Mo Manning Digi Stamp
Maple syrup for serving
Rex Rising is crazy science fiction done right. Chrystalla Thoma has introduced us to a world where the most basic necessities are scarce, and parasites are readily introduced to bodies juuuust to see what they do.
I can't believe how fast this is knitting up. I knitted the above in an evening, although you have to bear in mind that the evening starts around 3.30 at the moment, and I stayed up late. Still. I can't believe how quickly the next pattern row comes along. The pattern is very good for such a squidgy yarn, as it's self-squidging.
Ever since, he has dropped hints not even at all subtly that he would like the case re-knitted in a bigger size.
Broth:
You respect me
Before you read this; don't judge me. Haven't you ever read a magazine? It's full of this shit and you would probably pay money for it.
like the tail
07 august update:
I still have to get to the other apartment that I used to live in to get my kitchen stuff and some other bits. Just don’t really have the time! But I’ll have to find the time at the beginning of next week or Sunday to go and collect my stuff.
I should have started to drive when I was 17.
To make these I cracked an egg in a bowl and threw in some Jimmy Dean sausage crumbles, a tad of milk, and Natures Seasoning and mixed it all good with a fork. Dump the mixture into a hot pan oiled with bacon grease (I keep some stored in the fridge to cook my eggs in) and let it cook in a scrambled like way until done.
Bazzill is my FAVORITE card stock - always has been. The card stock that we carry in our store is made by Bazzill. They recently told me about their newest card stock called Card Shoppe. Have you seen this amazing collection? It's a stout 100lb weight card stock that's smooth on both sides - score! This premium card stock is fabulous!! I had a chance to play with it and I am officially hooked!
These powerful concepts shared in this video will be beneficial to anyone who wants to take advantage of such technical setups.
A sign soon proclaims that we are entering Blucher Village, reflecting the name of the coal mine that once stood here, named after Gebhard Leberecht von Blücher, the Prussian general who saved the day at the Battle of Waterloo. At the far end of the terrace of houses, as fields open out to the south of us again, we reach the site of Milecastle 9, shyly loitering behind a park bench and a flowerbed.
A thousand saps cannot repair, the sands that swept our towns.
Very nice salsa, but we really enjoyed the flavor of the snapper. Odd that we have never tried it before.
IV. THE NEW COVENANT
TITS
He didn’t seem insulted. What would it take to get him angry, to hurt his feelings? To get him the hell out of this bar?
I left after this nice quiet moment with my friends and their kids (3 year old daughter and a newborn son, and just beautiful), dodging the remaining thunderstorms that had been blasting through the area since I woke up. By the time I got back closer to downtown, I was ready for a drink...and stopped at Against the Grain, the brewpub at the ballfield. Candace set me up with a Keller Zwickle, a sharply fresh unfiltered lager in a big half-liter willibecker, which just put a beautiful spin on the day for me. I followed it up with a Smoke, a rauchbier that was pounded with smoke, just the thing for a place with barbeque (and smoked cabbage, which I got a side of; delish stuff).
If you have any further questions, feel free to contact me.
No. 4: Kung Fu Malag Ka
1)Blogging is posting and reading
Alarmingly, some of her friends have also suffered after-effects.
What happened to his infallible authority?
Today it was reported by the Washington Post that President Obama has authorized the CIA and the military to expand the drone bombing campaign in Yemen. There was a time I would have read that and not given it a second thought. So what? I would have thought. Doesn’t impact me. Kill the bastards.
loftholdingswood.blogspot.com
Marianne’s brown, slender body rubbed against mine in the dampness of the Oyster Plaza Hotel. My hand glided slowly along her spine, down to the small of her back. She was brown, tropical perfection. A happiness that can only be known for a short time. Our mutual wants, desires, fulfilled.
The self we identify with—along with its biases and beliefs—turns out to be an evolutionary tool that made its first appearance some 50,000 years ago during what’s called the conceptual revolution, arguably the biggest developmental leap in human history. The emerging ego accompanied our ability to construct complex tools, create art, and redefine social structure. For the first time as a species, we were able to imagine the future, consider the thoughts of others, and picture ourselves in our own minds. The ego is a cognitive trick of natural selection intended to insure the survival of the individual. Baumann and Taft say the problem comes when we take the ego’s conceptualization of reality as the truth about who we actually are.
Asking my friend from England: “Hey, do you ever get a chance to see Pippa running around town over there? She’d be a great girl for you.”
16. Orlando Magic
4. Attend the Cinch Webinar with our Certified Personal Trainer and Cinch Weight Loss Expert, Bonnie Donahue and our Registered Nurse with a Masters Degree in Adult Health with a Specialty in weight loss, and healthy living counseling, Sarah Finks. They will show you how you will drop your inches and live healthier with Cinch. Go here to Register today!
Nasty bugs aside, I want to show you the card I made for my Mom this year. She is a pie baker extraordinaire and when I saw this Karen Lockhart stamp last year I just knew that I had to make it for her.
I will not honor requests for copies of anything not posted here, so save your keystrokes and don't ask. I will not publish comments asking for the rest of the set. Do I have other unreleased material? Don't ask, because you won't get an answer, especially one that satisfies your question. Wearing my other hat as a fan, believe me, I understand the want is there. But it is not my place to satisfy that, at this time. Respect that, respect the music, and treat it with the honor and consideration it deserves. Because it is beautiful and tragic.
So this week at MDUC anything goes. Nice and easy to work into the new year.
I was given an Jawbone ICON to review, but was not paid to write about it. As always, my opinions are my own and are always honest.
despite a 2.5 months lapse in time,
I did much better with the eating, I did almost no excersize aside from work, and I realized what a burden it is to be stressed and angry. I swear letting go of the anger I was feeling in line was at least a pound on its own.
Everyone thought that Hughton was a good appointment considering his sterling efforts at Newcastle. But our squad was palpably weaker than the Geordies during their time in the Championship and a repeat of their ruthless promotion campaign was never on the cards.
ARMCHAIR TRAVELLING: mini-challenge
Like a Closeout Sale
Today when they wheeled him back for surgery, he was happily chatting with the nurse who was bringing him back.
Live here and now
2) The protagonist's own raw emotions, slowly exposing themselves over the course of the short piece.
Finally, for those of you who like this sort of thing, my End of April tally.
a story for another day ...
Lt. Col. Jerry Don Dickerson, 41, Durant, Miss.
Fever Book 5
And a few more, all of them within "a pittance" budget. I like the middle one. But I'd be happy with the last one too.
The angels guidance is to immediately let go of any thoughts you have about yourself that are not loving or unkind. See yourself succeeding and acknowledge your gifts, talents and all that you offer the world. You are an amazing spark of Creator light and we love to watch you get brighter. Feel confident, centered and balanced as these are indeed your birthright and who you are.
We’ll publish your submissions in one big artsy fartsy post in May.
Got ahold of the 2007 release “World Extermination” by now-defunct grindcore stalwarts Insect Warfare. These dudes tore a hole in the ether with their unremitting assault. This is classic in an early Napalm Death/Terrorizer style with blasts that are barely longer than a minute and a half. Though this opus last less than 20 minutes and has 20 songs, it’s a worthy Earache release that harkens back to the day of wonderful European brutality. Ouch, this hurts so good.
Virginia is a big girl in an otherwise slim, beautiful, "perfect" family. Her parents adore their two older children, but Virginia feels like they're disappointed with her, the family's one flaw. I cannot tell you how mad Virginia's mother made me! An adolescent psychologist who deals with teen problems on a regular basis, she should know how to approach things with Virginia. But for wanting a perfect family, the slightest remark is belittling to Virginia. Her mother is a hypocrital cow, and I really disliked her.
Things I found less than great about the film pt. 2: Major thematic issues and the like:
The Doctor has to pull her out of the room before it explodes, and then explains to Ace that he only said those things because he needed to break her faith, and if there’s a fault in the serial it’s that she forgives him a bit too easily. She has to go for a cathartic swim as she ponders how she can love the baby Audrey and yet still hate her mother, but in the few moments between the explosion and end of the episode, Ace forgives the Doctor and they go off together.
apart—initiate conversations with them, hang out, be available. People don’t
Once again I got a "hit" out of the A&G blaster. Luckily this time it's a PC item due to the recent trade between the Astros and Red Sox.
I have a card today using Lakeside Lodge, the newest addition to the Apple Doodle Ink Line, illustrated by Doug Applegate. This is #5 in the collection of Doug's Adorable Abodes, and was concepted by our wonderful Design Team Coordinator, Jami Sibley!
Here are the other weather events NOT listed — I covered ALL of them this past year :
According to Wiehe, RK Motors Charlotte serves a very diverse market that can be difficult to reach through traditional marketing. “Shows like the Fun Ford Weekend give us a chance to not only participate in a great event but interact directly with true enthusiasts and future customers.”
When the temperatures rise above 60 degrees at night the summer grass begins to grow. Increase water time when the temperatures rise. It is time to reseed for summer grass and pay attention to the open patch areas. Remember to hold off mowing until the turf is grown.
O.K. so I was totes magotes born too late and I am SO over it. Whatever happened to SIMPLER TIMES when everyone DIYed, you know, EVERYTHING?
MY tips on body odor are as follows and theses are for small,medium and large framed human beings and maybe a few animals lol …..
So, ever since the fall of 1986, I've wanted to see Iceland. I want to see the geysers, the glaciers and the unpronounceable volcano, Eyjafjallajokull. Maybe someday I'll go there, although I probably won't be trying to negotiate world peace.
Next, put some broken pieces into silicone baking molds. I forgot to take a pic of this step.
The story opens with the family (Naomi, Elimelech and sons) moving to Moab due to difficulties/famine in their land. They were from Bethlehem Ephrathah (See Micah 5:2). What seems to be the underlying question leading to the move to Moab is “Has God forsaken us in our land?” The question pertains to the faithfulness of God toward His people. (Do not interpret that as if God needed to be faithful toward people because they were deserving; rather, speak of it in the context that God is faithful to Himself, His plan, and His promise. His people were unfaithful, but God is absolutely faithful. He is God!)
To save you dear readers the effort, in a nutshell, the tweet relates to the on-going debate over passports in Ukraine and Mr Mutkin is stating that the only nations in the world who have an internal passport system are Russia, Ukraine, Israel and South Korea.
Eight Men Out
It’s really the technique I like that I came up with. I roasted the broccoli and asparagus together with tons of minced garlic. I overcooked the vegetables a bit because I started them too early but my family is a fan of blackened vegetables so no one was disappointed about that besides me – I’m the only one who saw them while they were still beautifully green. While the vegetables were roasting I cooked the chicken in very small very thin strips, high heat, salt & pepper. Then I took out the chicken & sauteed the shallots and onion. I added more minced garlic at the end then deglazed with white wine and returned the chicken to the pan. While the pasta water was boiling I kept the chicken and onions warming in the oven with the vegetables. When the pasta was cooked I threw it all together and added parmesan.
That's not to say you should watch a teen get involved in a gang war, but there comes a point in everyone's life where they have to make their own mistakes. It's easier when that point comes at 16, when mistakes are forgivable. As opposed to at 24, when there may be larger implications and setbacks, including financial and legal.
I don’t care if the carpet's stained, we’ve got food upon our table.
“It’s very challenging and demanding – physically, mentally, everything,” Di Matteo said. “We are doing our best to keep them as fresh as possible, to put out a team that has enough energy to win the game. The fixture list has not been gen erous to us this season but that’s how it is.
The case has sparked a windstorm of controversy across the country about the issue of race and justice. The widespread opinion is that Zimmerman, a White Hispanic man, racially profiled Trayvon as being a “suspicious and presumably dangerous” individual because he was young and black. In this interview, rapper and producer David Banner speaks with Black Enterprise magazine and gives his view on what implications the Trayvon Martin murder gives about racism and classism in our society today.
His atelier in Paris was also recreated for the exhibition, displaying shoes and items from his travels that inspired Louboutin to create his collections.
Her matter of fact timbres hurt her tinny case
I sold them at 300yen~600yen..
But, back to the book - my favorite reading material is Spiritual writing. I've read lots and lots of books. There are all kinds of books on Spirituality, what it means, how to find it, where to look, and what to read. Cindy goes right to the source, the bible, specifically the Book of Psalms.
Aftercare - Whatever method of tanning you choose always back it up plenty of after-sun and moisturisers to replenish your skin and prolong the life of your tan. Drink plenty of water to hydrate from within.
That said, I hate the original, and I think The Beatles' version is worse. The eighth-note handclaps bug me to no end, John and Paul's harmonies are God-awful and an aural depiction of them going out of their way to sound American, the guitar tone hurts my ears, and what a waste of a good slapback echo.
Melt butter with olive oil in large deep skillet over medium heat. Add garlic and sauté until beginning to brown, about 3 minutes. Add fresh mushrooms; sprinkle with salt and pepper. Cover and cook until tender, stirring often, about 6 minutes. Uncover: sauté 2 minutes longer. Season with salt and pepper.
And waited …
I used the "over the door" hooks because my cabinet doors are just too thin to screw it on. The instructions provided were very clear! I had it put together in less than five minute and required no tools! The hooks are padded very nicely on the inside so that it doesn't leave a mark on your cabinets and it also keeps the Hidden Recycler in place securely. My favorite thing about it is the bag! The bag has a water proof liner similar to a wetbag for cloth diapers, and is machine washable!
After I told him I was being laid off from the company at which I worked for 19 years, a friend (who'd himself been laid off six months prior from the same company) remarked "My god, they're getting rid of the history." And he was right. In the past few years, I've been all too aware of corporate America acting from a state of panic, not sure what to do next to make even more money, not sure what to do next to keep their shareholders holding shares, not sure what to do next to stay in business. I think such fear for one's very existence leads to shortsightedness, leads to blindness. But instead of turning to the people in their companies who have vision -- by virtue of their expansive knowledge of the world, their breadth of experience, their broad view of what's come before and what's happening right now -- instead of asking these people to help them see a clearer path to the future, corporations are ridding themselves of these people, to make way for people who are younger and who are, they think, besides being less expensive, quicker, sharper, more willing to bend and flex, more adept to embrace and manipulate the future.
That is until the day I overheard him loudly tell my mother he didn’t want me calling him “Grandpa” anymore, because he wasn’t my grandpa.
You're going to laugh... but pillows are a guilty pleasure for me. I mean, we all have pillows - but I don't admit to many people that I'm extremely picky about pillows. I need the king sized, 100% down, side-gusseted (so the pillow is rectangle instead of kinda football shaped) pillows. Thank goodness I can always find them at Home Goods when the need for a new pillow arises. Buying retail would really stink! :-)
People who do not do this are self focused only and should be dumped immediately b/c they are not interested in their partners feelings. I find there are two types of people who handle flirting from other men and women in two different ways.
You know that feeling you get when you're in a science centre or really cool museum? That feeling of geeky joy that too often gets quashed the second you step into the museum's over-priced gift shop? It's that feeling I most like to have wash over me on Christmas morning--knowing that Santa went out of his way to put his Edison Elf on my case. And so, I give to you 10ish gifts designed to make you either feel clever or marvel at the cleverness of others.
The latest creative internships are below.
Scott Hamilton / Boarding Paul Janman’s Tongan Ark / 187
*sigh* This is supposed to be a terror, so why can I practically sense people laughing about that? 2.5K words a day is scary to ME ok. I can turn out that many when I have an idea, but ideas don’t always come to me when I want them to. They often seem to have a talent not to come when I need them. Hrm. Yeah, so it’s going to be scary. Keep with us, and come December I’ll have so much aimless writing to do that I may very well wind up spamming my own blog with writing.
Dear with my treasure
Mackinson refilled her glass.
Indeed your song has married me
Following each performance, A Silent Film took part in an extremely informal chat that covered their upcoming tour, and the band’s growth between their first and second albums. Watch. Listen. Leave a Mark.
Militants used grenade launchers to fire on the building of the Central Bank of Syria, in downtown Damascus, on Sunday night. At the same time, a group of armed people attacked a police patrol in another part of Damascus, injuring four police officers. The attackers also used grenade launchers. Blasts continue to be reported from the Syrian capital.
The officer then pulled out a key and unlocked Olivia’s handcuffs. “Follow me” she said.
Here you can see the inside of the card, decorated with the Hero Arts stamp set Yummy Treats CL489 and the goodies inside the box!
Fox News did have a short video showing the March for Life crowd, however.
Dan Patrick had an opportunity to speak on the crisis of the objectification of women in America to an audience wherein the message is desperately needed and to an audience who has his full attention—sports fans. He proved he can make a difference in how people view critical cultural topics during his coverage of the Penn State scandal. In his silly enthusiasm over the Wall of Morale, he succumbed to fear—fear of losing members of his fan base, fear of
I did decide today to begin stitching my rows together....and even if it takes me a few days...
The Mabez Co-function of the Sirian Grouping of Stars and the Quark Amphibian Monastery of the Dogon
Another major hiccup at recent matches was a flawed park-and-ride system in Johannesburg for Sunday’s opening ceremony.
Burridge play mid-table Hare & Hounds in their penultimate game of the season, knowing a win cannot alter their position of fourth in the senior division of the Drew Smith Southampton League.
4. Twitter – Communication Therapy has nearly 900 Twitter followers at this time – follow us and you’ll see why! We share great articles and other important information related to AAC, iPads, Autism, and Speech Language Therapy.
"Happy Memorial Day"...it seems to just flow off the tongues of those around us. As though Memorial Day is just any other "holiday" to be celebrated with joy and happiness. When someone says "Hey Happy Memorial Day" what exactly are they so "happy" about? Maybe its the extra 20% or 30% they will get off beach towels at Macys, or maybe its the fact that they are off work, cooking out and not paying any attention to why they are really off work. Do these "happy" people take any time during their day off to share a moment thinking of those who paid the ultimate price for them to be off work and cooking out, or shopping "the big sale"??
KO: *sniffles*
November 4 Blacksburg, VA Virginia Tech University—Burruss Hall
a. IAAF
In New York, those the opposing the building of what was initially to be called the Cordoba mosque – named after the Spanish City of Cordoba, which was at the centre of the first Islamic Caliphait in Europe for over 500 years from the time it was invaded and overthrown by Muslim armies in 711 AD, until it was taken back by the Spanish in 1236 AD - at the site of the September 2001 attacks are accused of intolerance and bigotry, whereas it is in fact those who wish to impose their triumphalist monstrosity on the place where followers of their religion caused such devastation, regardless of the offence and hurt that it will cause who are really guilty of intolerance, bigotry and, I suspect of hatred too.
- Standard form curriculum vita,
Sunday afternoon I was thinking about that dream life I'm rumored to enjoy as I swung a pickaxe to break apart and pry from its earthly grip a decades-old sidewalk buried in our back yard. Sweaty, muddy, and grunting with mulch in my hair seems far from glamorous.
Coming Friday: How do former players feel about their baseball cards? Here's the blogger who knows!
* XML: A computer language abbreviation for extensible markup language.
The really cool thing about these homes is they aren't so extreme like the 89 square foot tiny houses. While those super-tiny houses are cool, I can't imagine lounging around in one and being comfortable for very long. These are homes that are more....."heirloom" is the word the builder uses. You can have a real sofa in them and there are sweet little details built into these homes, like mini fireplace mantles:
Sugarcubes Deus IS
It can be tricky because as every small business owner knows, you get calls from strangers promising things all the time. Usually it's lower credit card transaction rates or shady low interest loans, but once in a while real opportunity is at the other end of the line. I had no way to know for sure on this one, aside from the fact that the guy who called had a voice that sounded like a smooth radio announcer. Obviously not indisputable proof the call was real, but enough to make me say, 'let me figure out how to get you some pints, and I'll call you right back.' I quickly determined if I was ever going to ship ice cream, this would be it. I called back and said ok. I picked 5 of what I consider my best (had to use the special flavors I had that day since the box had to be in the air the next morning, luckily Maple Bacon was made and ready to go!). So Brian the scooper packed up the pints, put them in the blast freezer to freeze them up to a solid twenty-six below zero, and after a trip to American Ice for dry ice then Manchester Hardware for a small cooler the next morning, I had everything I needed to (hopefully) safely ship ice cream to Atlanta in July. I called the Weather Channel producer guy and told him it was on the way, and if he could just unload the pints into a freezer as soon as they arrived. And I also asked if he could just give me a quick call to let me know it wasn't just a big puddle of sour milk with bits of bacon in it when it hit his 95 degree doorstep.
-Instead of picking a shirt based on how skinny it makes you look, you decide which top will withstand spit up and tugging at the collar best
When James knocks an elderly lady off her bicycle one night coming home from work, it sets forth the chain of events that shape this novel. One moment will incite in Kate the frustration and unhappiness and urge her to leave. James and Hugh, lifelong friends, had once congratulated themselves on how lucky they were to have found love and happiness with young, beautiful, smart and happy women. Now both of their comfortable, happy lives are in upheaval.
Thank you for listening, and good night.
Transfers already...can you believe that it has already been that long???! It really seems like yesterday that Sister Grant arrived here in Rio Pardo. I swear that each transfer gets shorter and shorter!! I would love to say in Rio Pardo again...I think it´s probable because it´s nice to be at least 2 transfers with your trainer, but at the same time it would be the most time that I have ever stayed in one city without being transfered out. Not that I would complain! This is a good place to be a missionary :)
It's the first day of fall and everything is washed in golden beautiful-ness!
That doesn't sound right. I think it's under the shoulders and over the waist.
Wow! What a night….and what a way to bring in the new year. Swing parties are the best – two different couples and mind-blowing fucking; but wait….I can’t let this just be over – I was still awake and full of sexual adrenaline. My mind was flooded with sex, my sweet Iris laying in the passenger seat dazed and still pretty drunk.
Having watched that clip as a little, elementary school kid, it stuck with me and probably even informed the sort of music appreciator I am today (thank you, Dr. Johnny Fever). As the punk rock scene emerged in the same country that spawned Pink Floyd around that time, Sex Pistols frontman Johnny Rotten lumped them in his “boring old farts” category. Dance crazes from pogoing to disco to techno came and went. Yet, Pink Floyd continued to matter. If progressive rock ever had a figurehead it would be Pink Floyd. But the Floyd also transcended that genre by finding a presence on the pop charts and even influencing “progressive” musicians of today. Just listen to the birds and acoustic guitar that opens Radiohead’s “Giving Up the Ghost” from their new album the King of Limbs. Pink Floyd did something similar on “Grantchester Meadows” from 1969′s Ummagumma. Today, these reissued albums are at the upper parts of the selling charts on Amazon.
When Aspen’s most loyal customer dies and his suicide looks eerily like murder, she anonymously tips off the police so she won’t expose a secret she desperately needs to keep. But murder and mayhem are a bothersome duo and she soon finds herself caught in a web of chaos.
Premise: Seven teenagers head into the Louisiana forest to celebrate a birthday. But when one of them is accidentally killed, the rest must figure out what to do with the body before the night is up.
I know the owners names are Harold and Mona, because of the small little notes found amongst what they held precious. These included a fountain and ink pen kept lovingly in its case with the birthday wishes imprinted from Mona to Harold. Two medals given by Parramatta Council for the Coronation of Queen Elizabeth II dating 65 years ago. Half pennys from 1903 and 1910 and a bunch of other coins I mused if held meaning for the birth years of family. Who will ever know now? Art-deco brooches, a silver heart with a ruby or garnet, Mona's delicate watches, she must have had a tiny frame.
Bradford Smith — Professor Emeritus, Veterinary Medicine: Medicine and Epidemiology
The rest of us let’s stretch our hands towards these people and intercede for them; That the Lord Almighty will save their souls, That God will be merciful unto everyone of them, that their salvation will be genuine, that the Almighty God will wash away all their sins in his blood, let’s pray for the salvation of these people.
Workplace diversity scholars acknowledge that diversity leads to positive and negative effects, and their research considers moderators and contextual circumstances that explain when and why these occur. With this paper, I wanted to explore an alternative perspective to explain how organizations become diverse thanks to the positive outcomes diversity has and in spite of the negative ones. This led me to think of a dynamic model that would integrate ideas from the diversity and the organizational change and development fields. I wanted to explain how diversity as an outcome of a management initiated change process that can gain upward momentum, lead to inertia, and even decline and gain downward momentum.
After a few weeks off Wedding Wednesday is back! Sorry it's taken so long but I seem to get overwhelmed at the thought of a big organizational post such as one with lots of pictures, stories and details. Yeah, I know that's what blogging is all about right? Duh.
Title: The Alienist
No, I do not do Bunny Sacks. I am never that cold. Well, once I was but it is a long story. I wore everything I owned including my coat to bed and still could see my breath make clouds. I read my one book under the covers with a flashlight to keep warm. There was no wood for the stove. I used scraps to get a fire started in the morning. No wood left, no trees left. A log, from the black market gifted to me and my last book burned too. No water, electricity or food. Empty cold streets. Snipers. I think that Slankets would have been very popular there. No one was warm in the white silken stealth nights that stalked through those heights. There were no bunnys or living things either. Everything was shot, burned or pillaged. After that, I have not been concerned about the cold. For some reason I still read by flashlight at night but without hiding.
And the journey continues……..
That said, if a pregnancy threatens a woman or her unborn child’s potential life it has to be up to her to decide what to do. If a woman is raped she shouldn’t have to be forced to face the ordeal head on for 9 month and go through hours of labor to produce a child she does not want to have (regardless of whether she would be altruistic enough to give it up for adoption).
Show identification:
we can enjoy nights together
Melissa McCarthy, Bridesmaids
Out of misery’s telling
This video shews a woman who objects to Islam, and goes so far as to burn the Qu'ran. She selectively quotes passages which are abhorrent, but fails to mention that the Talmud could be used with the same result. Indeed the history of every major religion could be picked at to provide evidence of nastiness and inhuman practices. The eastern religions so beloved of Icke's disciples have as bloodthirsty a history as Islam, or Christianity, and of course, Judaism, with its offshoots of Marxism, Feminism, Liberalism, Capitalism etc can outdo all religions put together.
Add the diced onion, and fry for about 5 minutes, until the onion has softened.
We had tickets to see The Rat Pack is Back Wednesday in Peoria. My friend Ruthann and her husband also went although we didn't sit together. She is a big Frank Sinatra fan but I always loved Dean Martin with Sammy Davis Jr. a close second; I never cared for Frank Sinatra. Out of the four impersonators (Dean, Frank, Sammy and Joey Bishop), I thought Dean the most perfect but the show was worth every penny. The orchestra was filled with horns and their act was like the one the original Rat Pack did at the Sands in Las Vegas. If you're a fan of the Rat Pack, this was worth watching.
Look at how organized your videos are! Was this the 30 seconds following straightening them? Mine NEVER stay that neat for very long!
++ Please note that the co-op will be closed for May Day this Tuesday, May 1. We will reopen on Wednesday at 10 a.m.
It's not far to a pretty lake which was looking lovely with the blue of the sky reflecting in the water. The reed beds that border the lake were also looking stunning , their dry stems a pale sandy colour ......
Detective Inspector Simon Morton, of Thames Valley Police, said at the time of the arrests: ‘We are working closely with social services to make sure the young girls involved are safe.’
Local crime intelligence sources who wish to remain strictly anonymous, have admitted to the “Green Bombers” being active in South Africa, with specific focal points for acts of terror being the SA provinces of Limpopo (Northern Transvaal), Mpumalanga (Eastern Transvaal) and especially Gauteng (former Pretoria / Witwatersrand / Vereeniging region). Gauteng is statistically (Source: TLU & AgriSA) the most dangerous region - specifically the peri-urban north western sections of Honeydew, Muldersdrift, Lanseria, and western sections of Hekpoort and Magaliesburg. What makes South African farm attacks remarkable, is the extreme level of violence and torture used.
233 7. “Shadia Drury on ‘Leo Strauss’.” The Vital Nexus (Institute of Human Values, Halifax, Nova Scotia), vol. I, pp. 9-15 (May 1990). (Source: Item D-VI/1/1989, below.)
This song is off the 2002 album “Prism” and is about the 9/11/01 terrorist attacks. I can’t believe it has been over 10 years since that day – I still remember it so clearly. The lyrics (shown below) are very powerful, so I’ll warn you right now – you may get a little teary-eyed while listening. Enjoy!
To feel accepted and worthy by another that you feel lucky enough to be with (because you have chosen well) is the stuff that elevates humanity. It’s love in its truest form. And it is a cornucopia that overflows with happiness.
Two 1960s episodes of Doctor Who, thought lost forever, have been found! DWM presents the first review of Galaxy 4: Airlock and The Underwater Menace, and examines how they were recovered. We also chat to the people who starred in them, including stars Maureen O'Brien, Frazer Hines and Anneke Wills.
The chart contains 108 members and their age in sequential order. These members come from various popular girl groups such as After School, 2NE1, Brown Eyed Girls, Davichi, T-ara, KARA, Girls’ Generation, and more.
Again the sizing didn't match up with the weather in Melbourne, and the dress is too tight in the armholes. Originally I was going to make an extra tab to button in, as the shoulders are closed with buttons and button-holes. Then I thought about putting some elastic in so I dug through my elastic draw, but had a lazy idea!!
tt
It's being afraid to say things out loud, because you might make them true.
“We’re going to be moving in many cases toward a private cloud construct, but we’re thinking about the possibilities for commercial cloud,” Takai told an audience at the annual Defense Information Systems Agency conference, according to Information Week. “One of the things my office is working on is, as we move toward commercial cloud, what does that mean and what do we need from a DoD perspective.”
Type Connection is a site that seems to be making its way around the innertubes these days because it tries to walk the tightrope between the banality of in-depth knowledge of typefaces and entertainment. I managed to spend about two minutes on the site before a strong wind started shaking the tightrope and I sprinted to the end.
To commemorate each donation and serve as a reminder of its purpose, each "Hope" Crib will come with a custom plaque for a personalized sentiment . Whether parents wish to leave a message of love for their little girl, or dedicate the crib in honor of a survivor or loved one lost to breast cancer, the crib will stand as a testament to their dedication to helping find a cure for this tragic disease.
Schrader SM. Towards a Safer Occupational Environment: The U.S. Approach The Example of the Glycol Ethers. Presented at the Andrology in the Nineties Conference entitled "Environmental Influences on Spermatogenesis and Sperm Quality". Genk Belgium April, 1998.
The assortment of erasers
Then I regretted not having a regular check up.Early detection is important. From now on I will. I also will try to watch my diet and exercise regularly. The latter is kinda hard...I will also make a point of finding out more about symptoms and alternative remedies of diseases.
I'm therefore still fully tied to the kitchen. Brewery on hold, again
I would like you to talk about how heartbreaking it is to sit beside them and watch them run in the wrong direction.
Clyota, having survived the commute and a Staff debriefing has just been granted paid leave until the Press frenzy dies down. As you might expect, the news doesn’t go over well with our resident workaholic:
Next month I'll be back to baking posts, and of course trying to come up with a cake for the Jubilee. I just thought I would pop one more French fish course in today!
Population Despite a little decrease from the Early to the mid-1990s, the species is not of preservation concern.
Coat is what is technically known as a waxed jacket. It's not a Barbour. You know the sort of thing - green or brown, waxy looking heavy coats. The sort of thing that city workers put over their suits for the daily commute to the office. They keep them in the back of their pristine Land Rovers for the hike to the station from the car park. That is why their coats are all nice and shiny. I think they probably get them serviced at the same time as the 4x4.
And love is for nations
After my release from the hospital I did get a visit from Hospice and so far so good, insurance is covering both components of my care. My goal is to not get re-admitted to the hospital, but I will be honest and say that if it takes that long again to be discharged, I'm walking out on my volition. My lawyer/blogger friend says it's not against the law you know....I'm keeping her to her word too!
She: Oh? How?
I'm not worried that writers will actually go to this--um--agency. Anyone with working braincells knows that paying an agent a fee to sell one's book is only slightly less productive for one's career than flushing the cash directly down a toilet.
And of course she needs a litter box and good food and medical care. Check, check, check.
For you have to love, believe and feel, before the burst of tambourines take you there
Jaleel White and Kym Johnson: 29 (10, 9, 10) + 8 = 37
Paperback: 384 pages
The 2MP lens isn’t enough for good pictures, and often the results are faded and dull.
I Knew You Would Move On … But Did It Have To Be With Her?
Skeeter Davis The end of the world US
In 2013 Poiana Brasov is hosting the European Youth Winter Games and millions of Euros are currently being pumped into the ski resort to get it ready in time.
Why exactly is he there?
This is such a fabulous story of giving back that we wanted to share it with you today. What do you think?
It’s easier for Mr Ambitious Clients to shimmy up that greasy career pole if they can point to being the brains behind a brand new ad that gets a lot of coverage and goes gangbusters.
Neuroscience can SEE creativity and insight.
This is profound.
As a game, EPT emphasised improvisation, even rule-free action. It was an immersion in an exotic and intricate world, not only about labyrinths even then. Later developments included the two published Swords & Glory books of '82-3, which added more setting material as well as Barker's own modular ruleset, and more releases followed over the years. It doesn't seem it was ever a commercial success, and was possibly too far ahead in the mid-'70s. But game and setting have picked up a lot of supporters.
You can live without your mobile phone. Yes, believe me you can. Don’t look at me like that – remember till about ten to twelve years back that none of us had a mobile, and we are doing ok, thank you. But now every Tom, Dick and his dog has a mobile, and feels incomplete without it.
and asked,
In my package today was a book on Exposure, an authentic Oktoberfest T-shirt (made in Honduras), and a wide selection of German chocolate and other candy, that I'm apparently supposed to share with the rest of the family.
Deceased often brutally assaulted by officials:
You did not disappoint! Happy I finally got out to see you :) One of the best book to more adaptations I have seen yet. Let me just say... am I the only one who thought, "Whoa, you mean the Cornucopia wasn't a real Cornucopia?" I totally imagine like a metal/wicker one you would see during thanksgiving! haha The one they had obviously made a lot more sense....
I’ve really enjoyed sharing the details of our elopement-honeymoon trip this summer. Thank you, Sarah! I want to send best wishes to everyone planning their wedding at the moment. Whether you have no guests (like us) or hundreds upon hundreds, may you create a day that reflects the two of you above all else, and never let the planning come before your own relationship. There are no rules—you create them. That’s what my final post is about…
Coming back to the statements presented in the Annual Forecasts (Panchangams) the following are issues under consideration.
I created a wanted poster thru photoshop after I googled the net as to how they were set out.
But now onto the why not to watch this. Well for one thing, it’s only painfully obvious that this has been ripped from the pages of a book because a) it says so in the opening credits and b) you can kind of tell with hindsight that there was probably a good few important scenes that were cut but which would have made the film make a little more holistic sense. By that I mean that characters would have been fleshed out and developed more which is a dire necessity here. Yes, there is mystery and you’re not supposed to know what’s going on but you are supposed to know what’s going on in the bits they tell you what’s going on right?
Let me insert this quickly: As a leader the
(Side note thing? I received a new lipstick for my birthday and I love it! It’s practically perfect for my Irene Adler cosplay!)
Super Moon, meteor shower set to dazzle – On May 6, the moon will reach its closest approach to the Earth and create a Super Moon which will appear to be 14 percent larger and 30 percent brighter than a regular full moon. The best time to see it will be when the moon is on the horizon when it will be at its largest size. It’s at its closest at 11:34 pm EDT.
Secondly there is the sheer lack of transparency when it comes to many decisions or why those decisions were taken, and this seems to arise when various elements of the Party – generally the factions – make dodgy deals and decisions in the back room. The kinds of things that lead to the first deposition of Kevin Rudd. These are decisions which are taken in a way where neither the light of day, nor the light on the hill are allowed.
Mike literally just walked by my computer and asked if I were pinning, and said to me that he thinks this is an addiction that women should not have. Which begs the question, what addition should women have?
What does distinguish the book from similar fiction is the author’s style. Condie incorporates poetry into the plot, and her prose is very poetic and beautiful itself. Nevertheless, I was not such a fan of the way Condie switched between perspectives. It was important to hear Ky’s side of the story, but I often had difficulty figuring out who was narrating halfway through a chapter. In addition, the supporting cast of characters is small, but I did not find them very engaging and had difficulty caring that much about them at all.
I think that we have a lot of work to do. We need to figure out how to reach the generation that is captivated by the rich and pampered. Any ideas?
Bicarb soda (baking soda) is a good for soiled nappies. Dissolve ¼ cup of bicarb soda in a bucket of warm water, soak for at least an hour or overnight, then wash the nappies in hot water with homemade laundry liquid. Add ½ cup of vinegar to the final rinse and let them dry in the sun.
I created them less than a month ago, just in time for my first day back in school.
Yes dear friends, it was at that point that I admitted defeat and surrendered myself to the reality of our increasingly present generation gap.
Gumpaste becomes hard pretty quickly and is very sticky, so you can use Vegetable Oil to help keep your hands free of gummy residue and to keep the gumpaste pliable. Rub some on your hands and coat your work surface before handling the gumpaste. I used it quite generously with no negative effects of the design. Using smallish amounts of gumpaste at a time, work some coloring into the paste using your hands. I didn't use gloves and the dye made a mess of red all over my hands, but it washed right off. I used Wilton No-Taste Red gel dye. I could not photograph this process since I didn't want my camera to be covered in red!
The third and final book in the paranormal teen series that includes The New York Times bestseller Wake and Fade.
It’s the Most Wonderful Time of the Year – Johnny Mathis
He said things needed to change fast, with the engagement of the hottest young talents, to slow the brain drain in the country and that the effort of everyone was needed to achieve this. “The government is investing in new high-growth industries as part of the Economic Transformation Programme and working to forge a bold new path.
Please spread the word about checking the Tossing It Out post on Tuesday April 20 for the preview of the May 3rd A to Z Challenge Reflections Mega Post. I encourage you to mention it in comments to blogs you regularly visit (without being obnoxious about it of course) and by all means mention it on your sites. I would like to see every blogger that we can possibly reach to be at our blogs on May 3rd to recognize the achievement we have made in meeting the Blogging From A to Z April Challenge.
I scrapped the idea of trying to find different paths to represent the character’s elements, but I do intend to have a different style of path for each character (If you notice the part in the bottom right corner, that is someone else’s path).
The comm equipment is lower down the pole, and has cables to two pieces of equipment. To the upper left is what I believe to be the webcam, enclosed in a glass dome. The second piece of equipment, with the red box, I am unsure about. (microphone and thermometer?)
Where is the line? A gift of a bottle of booze? Supplying cocaine (or ‘flowers’, as I think many record companies called it on their lists of expenses)? Prostitutes? Blackmail?
Additionally, and I have mentioned this before, I am in some desperate need of regular physical activity.
54. Attend a painting class
3. Fighting with 6 other? Can’t you handle him on your own? I think Santiago was brave enough to attack, well obviously he had 6 men with him. Remove the 6 others and let’s see them fight like a man!
Family Fun
I tried to explain to my husband why I love my friend. Here’s what I came up with: it’s hard to find a peer — someone at my same stage of life: married, with children, who has a similar education and lifestyle. It’s like dating, I imagine (I didn’t actually date much because I married young). And as I told my therapist, when you do find those peers, it’s one thing to discover someone you respect — for their parenting style, their achievements, their ability to remain calm when diapers are full and gas tanks are empty. It’s another thing to find someone you like. When I found my friend G a few years ago, I discovered a someone I really have fun with. We like taking our kids to parks and museums and all sorts of wholesome stuff. And when we don’t have to drive kids around or go back to work, we like to drink.
Police also claimed on the micro-blogging site Twitter that one of the protestors stole a police firearm.
It still seemed to be Autumn a couple of weeks ago, and now we've been plunged into the icy chill of Winter, although happily a sunny, blue-skied one. Here's a few photos from a couple of weekends ago:
*This contest is limited to US residents only.
As the two grow close, Stefan is left torn. His desperation to his own misery could equate to eternal night for William, if blood is exchanged. The priest that still dwells within him cannot accept that fate for William, nor can he endure a gruesome, blood stained eternity.
commercial centre of the state. The assailants stormed the residence of the three men who were believed to be Christian traders from southern Nigeria. Residents said they had lived in Potiskum for many years
With the filming resuming it looks as though the May 13th episode of ’1 Night 2 Days’ will be broadcasted normally. Previously the high lights from the September ‘Viewers’ Special’ episode was aired as a special.
I never really worried about "crap" because it isn't hurting someone else. You're not calling a name or putting someone down when you say it. The part of it that doesn't sit well with me is that I am a lover of words - and this is really the best I can come up to express myself? How common.
Students must wear formal concert attire. Please make sure all boys have long, black socks, bow ties, and marching or dress shoes (black, no athletic shoes). Girls, no flip flops, and make sure your concert dresses are hemmed or pinned and fit properly.
It's worth watching in theater if you're interested in this sort of thing. Check it out.
“I’ve read a great one for a remake of King Solomon’s Mines that’s true to the original novel. I’ve already turned down the part of Alan Quartermain so I can audition for the role of Gagool the witch-smeller.”
And labor productivity has been sliding as employers continue to try to squeeze more out of their workers, who are already maxed out, instead of hiring additional workers. But the NFIB small business survey says small businesses which hire something like two-thirds of new workers have been adding workers.
Only two slots left in the break, grab 'em fast!
Doctoroff, Mayor Bloomberg's point man for the Olympics bid and other ambitious plans, is, relatively speaking, the "bad guy" in the film, though he acquits himself reasonably well, leaving viewers with an appetite for further drill-down reporting on the contours of specific controversies.
It creates a vicious cycle, unfortunately. The more I catch, the more it scares me into further worrying. This nearly prevents me from thinking clearly in the first place the next time around, of this I am convinced. Soon I can't worry fast enough and the whole thing falls apart.
Cheerful Treat DSP #122381 Hostess Only
US patent practitioners are breathing a collective sigh of relief—for now—since inequitable conduct has become harder to allege and prove. However, at least one of the losing parties is petitioning the US Supreme Court for review, so this decision may not yet be the last word on unenforceability of patents for inequitable conduct.
DRAW will be hosting a booth at Pit Bulls On Parade, 8/21/10 from 10-3 at Reber Ranch in Kent. This was a fantastic event last year with a huge turn out and many Pit Bulls received their GCG’s! The vendors were top notch and there were simply too many cute, well behaved dogs to count. I’ve been looking forward to this event all year. Pokey will also be making an appearance at this event and maybe we can find her forever home this summer!
Entrepreneurs face many challenges when creating a new venture. Although the business plan is one of the most well-known documents, the feasibility study may be just as important. Before the entrepreneur can seek funding, he or she must demonstrate that the idea is truly a good one.
Islam love, peace and forgiveness? Such hypocrisy!
Keep in mind that the curtains to the right of the bed are white with yellow, black and white panels at the bottom, and there is a tall long mirror with a thick black frame to the left of the bed.
The fine folks in the athletic department have been talking on Twitter today about what sort of graphics to put on the Jumbotron at the Smith Center. That led to some serious suggestions like the old Pat's/Pops'/Ugo's House and the Mark Lund People's Champion graphics, and some not-serious ones like a Kiss Cam. David Earl reminded me of who I sit next to, so good point on that one.
Tuesday: Rigatoni and Garlic Bread
Letters - MakingMemories: Brown sch house
The biggest lesson that I have learned throughout the last week came at the advice of my mother. I have to keep things as simple as possible in order to do this and still maintain routine and function for Brayden. Basically, my priorities are different this time of year and since Brandon is so busy, I have to be able to work part time and still fill in the gaps with Brayden. And if that means we don't go do as many things? Then that's just part of it. And if that means we get a Happy Meal for lunch one day? SO be it. I have to do what works for us and nothing else.
Misery Loves Company
American TV spot endlines from the last decade
The excitement was pretty palpable by the time I bought my ticket this morning at a theater in Pensacola. I had to haul out that far because that was the only place in 50 miles offering showings before noon.
Not everyone supported the King James Bible at its first publication. Distinguished scholar Dr. Hugh Boughton declared that it "Bred in me a sadness that will grieve me while I breathe... tell His Majesty that I had rather be wrent in pieces with wild horses, than any such translation by my consent should be urged upon the churches... the new edition crosseth me. I require it to be burned." John Lightfoot objected to the Apocrypha being placed in the Bible.
Oh Lead me, lead me to the cross
on my little cyber excursion in the art world!
Produced by John Congleton, The Body Wins busies up Jaffe's sound to a remarkable degree — and, more importantly, retains her cool ability to shape-shift from warm vulnerability to icy distance and back again as it suits her.
About half and half: 16 (24%)
This spring semester, I worked closely to ensure that my role at the FTK Dance Marathon would go well, and in my eyes, I felt that it did. I managed to create games, activities, and add a competitive edge to the FTK Dance Marathon to ensure that Dancers remained active and entertained. Anything from giant Twister, life-size Angry Birds, and a Beyonce dance-off were just a few of the tricks I pulled out of my sleeve. Door prizes also added to the constant energy on the dance floor throughout the 18 hours and I am so grateful for the support from various UTSA departments who contributed to my endeavors. The one person I must give credit to for helping me with the FTK Dance Marathon, would have to be my Committee Lead, Tracy De Leon. Without all her behind the scenes work, the morale component of the FTK Dance Marathon would not have gone as well as it did.
I welcome with open arms 2011 and wish everyone a happy and healthy year.
UniSource Energy Corporation, Alternative Energy, Deals By Region, 2006 to YTD 2012 6
At first read, my initial thought was just "Wow, that sucks" then I started thinking about Bell's situation and I noticed a few . According to the article Bell's attempted a $52 million expansion project which kicked off last year. That project is now on hold as Bell tries to buyout his shareholders—He's been battling with them since 2007. Bell's Inc. has dropped a good bit of scratch to try and appease and or buy them out—with varying degrees of success or failure, depending on how you look at it. Larry Bell is quoted in the article as saying:
When we study past choices it can help
My daughter and her friends loved every minute of it, as I am sure their teachers and helpers did. One thing for sure it certainly shows that the youngsters of today are a very talented bunch. Full marks to Classic Pictures and their team for putting this event together as it can’t be easy organising 4,000 odd children and keeping them quiet during the solo spots. All in all a very enjoyable night of music and entertainment, that will hopefully raise awareness of adoption and fostering.
That would definitely throw my life into disorder.
1024 D-IX/22/1988. “The Once and Future Vice-Presidency.” United States Railroad Retirement Board Luncheon, Chicago, Illinois.
-Toys-R-Us gift cards. Reason? We literally have NO toys for him in Alaska and will be making a trip to Anchorage when Greg gets home. It would be great to get him some age appropriate toys then. That way, I don't have to lug some back from NC.
As always, thanks for stopping by!!
Remember when pocket change was all we had
So, it’s nice to meet you, I hope we can become friends!
Available Mid-June 2012
I used a small foil container to cut out my 3 inch "diver." Next I cut off the bendable portion of the straw, leaving about an inch on either side.
These high-waist skinnies (check this post) are the perfect counterpoint to the cropped top. For me, the belt has to be skinny with this look, or I look like a reject from the 80′s… and no one wants that.
2. Heels are not always a wise option: No matter how good they may look with the outfit, alcohol + heels = almost certain failure. Not saying I ate shit, because I didn’t (this time), but the more we drank, the slower we became. I mean, we REALLY had to think about what we were doing. It was like walking behind my grandmother….Fuck it, next time I’m wearing boots.
I made two pots this time, one for Mr. Randolph and I, and one for the shindig that will occur at my friends on Black Friday. All of her family will be coming in from New York and Las Vegas to celebrate their first Thanks Giving in their new home. We are very excited and very nervous to meet the family of some of our dearest friends. I am nervous for them to sample the local cuisine and even more nervous that I will be sort of representing the Creole flavor with my big pot of gumbo. No pressure, right!?!
And that is why I am heart-broken to witness how it now survives off the exploitation and enslavement of girls. Girls, who are disproportionately Black or Brown, and poor–the very girls that the Village Voice once prided itself on writing about and giving voice to. How is it that the iconic paper of vanguard liberal thinking has descended into a publication supported through a cyber slave market?
Dear Trainer,
7. ALWAYS ASK HOTELS / CAR HIRE COMPANIES, ETC, IF THAT'S "THEIR BEST RATE?" I know. I hate doing it too.
He had lost a real me to a virtual you.
The Maxwell Render interface.
With Baked Greek Fries
Speaking of international... I'm off to Toronto for the weekend! I'm going to my soon to be sister-in-law's bridal shower, where we'll be putting together more paper poppy pomanders. I'll be sure to upload some pictures when I get home. Have a nice weekend everyone!
I am honoured to be an instructor and designer for Scrap-A-Lot, a local scrapbook store in Edmonton, Alberta that takes 12x12 layouts to a whole new level. Scrap-A-Lot was so generous to donate two of their kits for our hop to our viewers so please check out the videos ( I will post the links below). Scrap-A-lot has recently launched their on-line store filled with amazing 12x12 kits as well as other kits for your crafting enjoyment.
“… Ah shucks Uncle Mo I don’t have one of those “things”, looks like I won’t being doing this today!” Not so fast! Any sort of ball works as long as you are not the one throwing it! Even hockey pucks work!!! Give the kid a Monster instead and prepare to be humbled really, really quick!
Tonight Rylee had a "Creative Arts Fair" at school. Basically all the grades have their art work displayed throughout the school and family is invited to come admire the handiwork.
The incident flagged up one of the major pitfalls with the current shariah board system: when one group of scholars declares a transaction shariah-compliant and another group disagrees, there is no higher authority to appeal to. Such disagreement hasn’t only happened during sukuk issuance; it has also been a line taken by defaulting parties. A famous example of this was when Kuwaiti investment firm Investment Dar argued over repaying a debt to Blom Bank on the basis that it was not shariah-compliant, and an English court surprised many by saying that Investment Dar had an ‘arguable case’ (it did nevertheless lose).
This is their advice, and it’s a tall order. Some might even argue that it is naive, that it isn’t the way the world works. My answer is this: the philosopher applies the power of intellect to describe how the world works, the prophet applies the power of love to describe how the world could work. That is why I call these three men prophets, and that is why I believe that their wisdom is not for pedestals but was meant to govern the hearts and deeds of each one of us?
Shudder.
And Islam is aided and abetted by Europe’s new Communists — albeit with a love of capitalist money in their own pockets — the European Union and their apparatchiks, who outlaw public displays of unease about our children’s future via totalitarian means.
I would suggest that a third, and even more interesting (as if anything could possibly be more interesting than the preceding 10 paragraphs) way to approach the book is through a feminist lens.
I will back on the blog a lot over the next week as I share cards I am making as part of a gift package for some family members. I am having a lot of trouble with my internet at the moment so I will slowly upload them before Christmas. Here is my first card using Lili of the Valley's Teddy Flower stamp image:
A man wake up sobbing from sleep. He tries to drag himself out of his bed but everytime he tried he slipped because his body is to weak.. after several tries he manage to get up, When he finally made it, He slowly move his numb feet heading to the rusty iron bars and gently clutching it.. The man uttered in a low but distinct toned of voice” aaah it looks cold outside”…He didn’t even know that years have passed him by, that he missed several thingies in his life…He never even know what the world look outside that place.. That place we called PRISON.
It exists along with you,
It could well be argued, for reasons given above, that the relationship does neither side, Tony Blair or BN, any political good.
Another shot of St. Patrick's in 1909, in one of the last years the cathedral would be surrounded with residential homes. By 1924 it would get its neighbor Saks Fifth Avenue. Fifteen years after that, Rockefeller Center would rise across the street.
Ramos High-Rise Studio Condo Hotel Project:
the sisterhood of women out there
As I've mentioned before, I have a love for Ball Jars. I've been wanting to include them in more projects, and I've also wanted to experiment with Krylon Looking Glass spray paint. I decided to kill two birds with one stone with this vase project.
MEMBERSHIP COORDINATOR
SO she tells me we are going down to the electric parts store and I drive her there and turn on the radio.
to venerate these saints I should despise.
proof:
4. When I get the money, what can I do with it? Am I free to do whatever I please? For years now, I have been researching how to breed a Pegacorn (this is the king of all beasts – a Unicorn and a Pegasus). I’ve gotten pretty far in my research but for some reason I just cannot get the horn to show up on the correct end of the manimal (man-animal). My competitor and mortal enemy, Herb, is making more progress than I am. He is totally one of those mediocre musicians who teams up with other mediocre musicians to make a church band. And he brags so much about his music and his findings in relation to the Pegacorn. $85 million will obviously give me an edge over him. Plus if I have a little extra money, maybe I’d even get a chance to find out who King Latifah is… it’s always made me wonder.
5-6 crushed curry leaves
When you’re in town.
Now onto Spring. I’ll be following Hyouka, Saki Achiga, Natsuiro Kiseki, and Fate/Zero‘s second half. My expectations go from “should be great”, “love the source material”, “eh, I’ll give a shot”, and “Let’s see how this finishes.” Nothing else interests me at the moment, so hopefully I’ll get the desire to work on translating a lot instead. The current projects shouldn’t take much longer to complete, so look for the new ones shortly.
Now, these are only a few images that I’ve seen. If I were to put all of the ones I’ve seen on here it would take an extremely long time. Of course, not all fashion photography and advertising is like this, but it does seem to be a growing trend. I don’t know about you, but this does not make me want to buy what they’re selling. If anything, it completely turns me off. What do you think? Is the fashion industry going too far with it’s ‘creativity’? Or are you a fan?
I'm sharing a card which uses one stamp only. I chose the Calla Lily from the now defunct PSX company, but these stamps can still be found on various outlets.
she’s a sexy motherfucker
Prometheus, the titan who gave fire to human beings to advance our progress, and died for it.
He is just one of dozens( bit of an understatement there I would imagine.) of similar youngsters targeting cashpoint users across the U.K.
Rhetorical Analysis: I created my time line using www.dipity.com. I could not use a map because I have not been to alot of places in terms of education and work experience. When creating my map I decided to use company logos as picturres to represent a place I went to shool or worked. I did this so that a viewr could associate that logo with that place in the future. I also chose to add videos to both places I attended/attend school and my first employer. I felt like this would give a viewer a chance to see view an aspect of what time of educational institution it is and what type of firm it is. I also decided to add link to the schools i attended so that a potential employer could vist the school website to see the school’s qualifications and credentials.
PM: 1:07, 3000' ~ 2nd Flatiron+Green Mt.
You want for nothing. You even have a cool jacket with an Air Force One patch on it. Congratulations. Perhaps you might consider giving it to the kids, who are going to need to “go shopping for winter coats” in March.
Your kid has a SUPER SOFT snuggly blankie to cuddle with while sucking away on the binky!
I’ll probably be absent for awhile as the doctor told me yesterday that I have COPD. Here I go again, just like last summer, with an aggravating cough. The nurse-practitioner I saw said that because an asthma attack required hospitalization once, I am now considered a “high risk asthmatic.” I’m taking Doxycycline, have a rescue inhaler (Pro-Air), and albuterol through a nebulizer (four times a day). The NP said if I get to needing the albuterol every two hours that I should go immediately to the emergency room.
1/2 cup toasted spiced pumpkin seeds (see below)
This meant that Dohnavur workers must be of one mind about at least eight things:
Fishing conditions vary from tiny streams, ponds and dams, lakes, massive rivers, back-country trout to the open ocean. several serious fly fishermen or ladies can have up to 6 or a lot of rods in their assortment. but as difficult because it could seem you'll slender down your selection of rod to at least one or 2 reckoning on what kind of fishing you plan doing.
This week I have been struggling with breathing problems brought on by the pollen in Arizona. I asked a few friends for prayer. Today I am much better and I know it is because “someone has prayed” for me.
I was worried I would be getting in P's way but I managed to be helpful, cutting cords, changing newspaper, putting puppies in the box, cleaning up and that sort of thing.
Fully 20 people trailed in late. The poor, the dispossessed shuffling in to watch versions of themselves on screen. I clutched my bag the tighter and pursed my lips and breathed through my mouth. Difficult but doable when needs must.
The Last Emperor
There are ways to make the processional simpler: skip the large bridal party, don’t adorn the aisle with a lot of decor, play a light song.
Don’t you dare laugh at my choice! I really like the pet name Kitten or Kitty and thought it would be a great pen name. No judgement. Okay, thanks!
Where am I now? I'm still in KL lah. Ever since Gwen started kindy, I have been very busy. She is also attending Bao Bei now. I need to ferry her to school and Bao Bei everyday. Hubby is still in Jakarta now. He usually comes back to KL once every 2 weeks during the weekends (he cannot afford to take too many leaves).
E: monkey joe's
Choice, people. It's a great thing.
There are plenty of options for trails around Whatcom Creek. Some intersect with trails that take you into Salmon Park, the Joe Martin Athletic Complex and Saint Claire Park, while others trails meandering along either side of the creek will lead you into neighborhoods along the way, or on to a bigger system of trails through old railroad easements. My personal favorites are the trails that take me to Whatcom Falls Park though. Information about Whatcom Falls Park is found here - http://www.cob.org/services/recreation/parks-trails/whatcom-falls-park.aspx – and a map of the trails here - http://www.cob.org/documents/parks/parks-trails/trail-guide/whatcom_falls.pdf.
Cottons for my lady's mending, feathers for her hat.
Jessica GonachaMy style is quirky and colorful, I think. It reflects the way I see the world and thoughts that come into my head. I like to think that my work is fun and whimsical, but has a deeper thread running through it.
The first thing I remember when I think of Rolemaster is the tables. There are tables for spells, attacks, fumbles and crits. I loved those.
Keith and I got in line, and as we got close to getting on, we saw everybody else get off! It was a nice ride too, except for that damn song. ;)
My take: Groupon is smoke, mirrors and hype. This is why they had no choice but to turn down Google’s $6 billion offer, and also the reason their insiders are cashing out now, ahead of the public scrutiny an IPO will bring.
I no longer have to suffer…..
He whispered, “Find a music station on the radio. Something a kid would like.” The officer was more attentive of Charlotte’s presence than John had been. “Charlotte?” he asked.
