hot cocoa hands down.
there are recipes for doing the pizza crust - i tried a couple myself but thought it was too tedious to do it up from scratch (i am just plain lazy since i stopped baking for a while...) so i used a packet of Betty Crocker pizza crust premix! Read about this in a forum, and though a premix, still gives a diy feel to it...
Inside, poem after poem, little pieces of wisdom and photos of long gone friends (some of whom I found again on Facebook), one from my grandma who died in '95... and one from my mom. I find it almost ironic that my mom of all people would write into my album that home is not necessarily where you grew up, but where your heart is. Because years later she was the one to gently push me away from home... not just in the neighborhood, but across the world, onto a different continent altogether. I know she did so with a heavy heart. She misses me as much as I miss her and my dad and my brother...
Reliance Broadcast Network Limited has informed the Exchange regarding a press release dated April 19, 2012, titled “Reliance Broadcast Network announces alliance with Speed Records for music content on 92.7 BIG FM and BIG CBS Spark Punjabi”.
Favorite thing about Cal Poly: How stimulating of an environment it is. There’s really great people, and it’s just a beautiful place to wake up to every morning.
We start with Kevin Featherstone, professor of contemporary Greek studies at the London School of Economics. "With this deal", he says, "Greece has only overcome the first of several hurdles". Barry Eichengreen, economist at the University of California Berkeley, says simply: "It won't work".
Loeb, whose fund holds a 5.8 percent stake in Yahoo, had been growing increasingly unhappy with Thompson and Yahoo’s strategy. And the latest problems cap a string of missteps by the once high-flying company, beginning with the rejection of a lucrative takeover offer from Microsoft. Recently Yahoo fired Carol Bartz, the CEO it hired to turn the company around, and hired Thompson in January, who at the time was president of eBay’s (EBAY) PayPal unit, where he had helped drive a major growth in revenue.
She pounced again. I got close enough to see that she had a tiny baby mouse trapped under her paw.
I am meeting with a wellness coach tomorrow, so I will let you know how that goes. I am trying to lose weight, and so far, I have lost 7 pounds. It is a struggle, but I am in need of this, and just need my ankle to heal better before I start getting crazy with exercise.
The day passed in a heaviness of deft organisation, global conversation and more coffee. The business lay in her capable hands, nurtured by a life un-interrupted.
Regardless, we are both stoked. We are organized!!!!
Baker said the organization had gotten quotes from a number of Central Kentucky T-shirt companies, including Hands On Originals, and had selected it as the best local bid. The T-shirts for the fifth annual event were to include a stylized number 5 on the front along with “Lexington Pride Festival” and the event’s sponsors on the back.
Evening shares its laughter with the trees of Jerusalem
I managed to get the Hubcap Diamond Star Halo flimsy sewn together this week. If you're scratching your head about the name of this little kaleidoscope quilt, it's based on a song lyric from "Bang A Gong." I explained how it came about in the previous post (and also made a video of the trial-and-error design process).
And I think that's about it. Quiet doings are good doings. :-)
But actually, since we're on the subject, do you have any writing rituals?
Contractors on the Battlefield, Department of the Army, January 3, 2003. General overview of responsibilities includes brief passages and references on Personnel Recovery, Next of Kin Notification, etc.
Still stuck to his swag but he looked a bloody wreck
This week we are sponsored by...
The medical community has yet to come to grips with the fact that allergic reactions can cause absolutely any random symptom, disorder or consequence, limited only by the tolerance and ingenuity of the human body. But they know for sure that there is a lot more of it than there used to be.
I'm feeling nostalgic? yes, nostalgic. Loving where we are, but shocked at how quickly time is flying by. It has no mercy at all, time. Sort of like gravity. Merciless.
I've done a couple of pages in my art journal. Here is the first one:
Celluloid Heroes by The Kinks
“Ars Poetica” – Thoughts on Poetry in Poetry
I noted in August that I had many days where I’d recorded “Anxiety, Sad, Easy to tears”. Mid August I noted that I was really anxious and was thinking I should not have kept the Firestone. August 17th I got the final gun back from the police, this was the first gun they confiscated when Rob attempted suicide back at the beginning of Dec. 2000. Noted I had a really frustrating time to get the gun returned and I had to return the trigger lock once I got it home and locked in the safe.
Hugh McMillan
In TriMed v. Stryker (January 28, 2008), the Federal Circuit held that claim 1 of U.S. Patent No. 5,931,839, excerpted below, "recites sufficient structure on its face for performing the claimed functions, and therefore, contrary to the district court’s interpretation, does not involve a means-plus-function limitation:"
OK, back to Valentine’s Day. The topic of dating has become the most popular thing in China with hundreds of dating shows, matchmaking services, and online dating sites popping up by the second. In the past, people traditionally met by being introduced by family or co-workers. Now, young Chinese adults have taken on more non-traditional approaches to dating. One of which is through the most downloaded app in China called Weixin, available for Android and Apple.
Again, all were adopted. Our local shelter is no-kill and is aided immeasurably by a revolving and caring bunch of kitten and puppy foster homes. You can interact with the shelter via their Facebook page. If you have time and the space to do so, consider fostering.
the bite coffee does but it is strong and I think I phrased
Nuriootpa was larger and more commercial. The caravan park was sited along the side of the town oval and was very peaceful after Adelaide Shores, thank goodness. We had a cabin so it was very comfortable. I went for a run to try to find the cycle path along the Barossa Way but crossed a creek where I shouldn’t have and got hopelessly lost in some back streets, just locating the path just before I needed to get back. It was very noisy as it turned out to be along a main road, not nearly as nice as the one in the Clare Valley.
Strange episode, strange little man.
Mr.Jayanta Chatterjee of ICRA gave an interesting view on ratings and its benefits to MSMEs. Mr.Sundara Raman of RAMCO spoke on the evolution of technology and how cloud computing is changing the way MSMEs may tap into the power of IT. Mr Suneet Singh Tuli CEO of Datawind Ltd gave a thought provoking presentation on innovative marketing. His thoughts on promotion and sales starting from his engineering fax machines to the latest Aakash Tablet was radical and truly out of the box.
For the wings, I had some old fabric on hand, used the other side of my handy Cheerios box and made a wing pattern, cut out, pinned and sewed together, just like with the ears. BUT, I sewed all the way around, no need to turn out, I just trimmed up the uneven edges.
2003
The reason with you I’m enamored
But, as you can see from the photo I took right in prime time fest mode, the attendance was pretty light and was not very beer geeky. Which is too bad. Perhaps one problem was the fact that it was scheduled on the same day as the OBG's Fresh Hop Festival at Oaks Park. Another problem might have been the lackluster effort at publicity this year. I did not do my part - I had intended to post a notice or two here, but life got busy and I just plain forgot. Still, I got no PR blasts to remind me which is kind of what I was relying on as my 43 year old memory is, well, 43 years old. When I asked beer blogger friends about it the were not even aware of the date this year, which is a shame as there a a number of unique things to recommend this fest.
Unlike the BNP we do not fight legal cases in order to exclude people from membership of our party on the grounds of their race. All are welcome to join the British Freedom Party as long as they are fully integrated British citizens who agree with, and abide by, our party constitution.
Despite the protests and requests from across the board, including from the Tel Aviv University Students’ Union I am happy to say, the protest still took place. However it ended up being a whole lot noisier than the organizers might have hoped for, when clashes broke out between 200 “right-wing” protestors and 400 “leftist” celebrants.
So back to the nesting.....
Call it a catch 22 situation.
Besides the ones listed above heres who i think should be in this game
What about Liberia? Well, there were many big unanswered questions surrounding that decision as it was. Now that we're expecting I feel released to let it go for the time being. We have been praying all along for God to open and close the right doors and we would follow. We believe this is a closed door and yet another has obviously opened. We continue to feel called to action on behalf of the orphan and widow. We will serve, but it will look different than anticipated.
Paul Atkinson and Dave Henderson from the station in Market Weighton were aiming to do a 101 hour and 8 minute broadcast to mimic the station’s frequency.
In 2010 I chased a career I realised I desired only because it looked so glamorous (from the outside). I modified my studies to accommodate said career but continued to feel disenchanted with my own potential.
I fully intended to stick to books - that's what I know about - but when I saw a set of Edwardian chairs on sale for £40 on eBay, I couldn't resist and made a winning bid, with only seconds to go.
I'm tired, and rather pissed off at the moment, from having just watched more of this misdirection of the public, so this may be a rather unintelligeble rant... *Sighs* I hope you understand where this is coming from, anyway.
It's certainly going to need a good blocking though to stop those edges curling over.
These workers — 345 in the state Senate, 271 in the Assembly — enjoy a special annual designation that lowers the mandatory number of hours they must work each week, compared with 35-hour weeks most employees put in.
Mail your blocks to:
The fun of research for me is learning new facts, finding new layers to use in my stories and discovering new interests. My research about the Underground Railroad for my April release, The Innkeeper: An Unregistered Death, included field trips to Graue Mill and John Hossack’s home and the courthouse in Ottawa, Illinois.
The weather this weekend has been gorgeous for this time of hear. 60 yesterday and today not quite so warm, but still warm enough. the snow has been melting. not too long and field work will start again. spring is around the corner, and summer can't be far behind.
If you spend over $35, it's free shipping. I am going to place an order later today, so to my girlfriends who live locally- if you only want a yard or 2 and don't want to pay for shipping, let me know and I will add it to my order because mine is already over $35.
This entire movie is one huge alpha pull. Nothing ever shakes the guy’s frame, ever. In fact, it was probably X-rated just because it admits that the bad boy on a motorcycle is hotter than the stupid wimp nice guy. But the endless scenes of her riding with a goofy grin is fucking retarded. Just shows you that feminists started out overjoyed that they could now chase the alpha cock, then slowly devolved to ugly screeching harpies as they realized that they could get all of the sex but never the commitment.
“It is not too early to chart the intellectual course to the 22nd century. The 21st century may well mark a gradual disaffection with Darwinism, comparable to the 20th century’s loss of support for Marxism.” Steve Fuller, Science vs. Religion? Intelligent Design and the Problem of Evolution, Cambridge: Polity Press, 2007, page 126
1) Avoid physical isolation and segregation. Some suggest creating gender-specific reading groups and creating a space within the classroom that is set aside specifically for boys. I disagree with this, because boys are not the only ones who enjoy books about dinosaurs and cars, nor are boys the only ones who may struggle with reading. There are girls who do too, on both accounts, so create reading groups according to the actual interests of the children, not by their gender.
And for the record, I never really committed to writing anything if my memory serves me right. I just said we’ll talk about it somewhere and you gave me a time, to which I actually waited out (despite the worsening vertigo) but no signs of you so I gave in to my screaming body and dozed off. Was that such a crime?
Contestant: Frank Sinatra?
I'm also an intern now! Yup! I'm a Social Media Assistant (intern) and it's great because really I just do the stuff I do all day at home except in an office (by that I mean look up ways to optimise exposure for businesses or small independent zines about literature and art, while staring at the Google keyword tool & the Facebook insights) where there's free tea and coffee and I think I can wear jeans? Nice ones, not yuck ones. It's up in Leeson Street, where everyone in town works apparently, and I've been visiting a swan that's nesting on the canal. They generally ignore me which is good. Here's a quote as to what Social Media Marketing Assistants do, stolen from someone else's site:
It is all I know.
All in all, I don’t see this movie getting huge awards or being remembered 100 years from now. For the moment, I enjoyed myself. I wished there was more because Hot Tub Time Machine had a lot of potential that was missed out on. I do recommend this movie to a group of buddies looking for a good belly laugh when Iron Man 2 is sold out. This movie was a good stepping stone for modern time travel movies but I can’t wait till they do another one and learn from these mistakes. That one will be a winner.
So tonight I will share with you a photo of the fresh silverbeet I picked from my garden to have with our dinner!
Yesterday was one of those days where it was supposed to rain, but just ended up staying beautiful and 80 degrees. It turned out to even be a little too hot for a polyester dress (when isn't it too hot for a polyester dress?), but I wanted to get at least one last wear of this vintage mini in before summer truly hits. I'm in love with thrifting in Pennsylvania, I feel like it's been so long since I found true vintage at a thrift store (not just 80's and 90's nostalgia), this little dress is a recent gem. After wearing mostly midis and maxis as of late, it felt a little funny to wear something so short, but it's good to change things up a bit right?
blue and purple
The Against side; (with associated quotes and published arguments)
Ink:: Versafine Sepia
"I'm a supporter of the EDL," he said, standing next to a group of cropped-haired men from the EDL's Walsall, Leeds and Essex "divisions".
Always taking the Euro-moral high ground, the British had refused to extradite Hamza to his native Yemen in 1999 because it had the death penalty; he then went on to radicalise the 7/7 bombers, so that 52 innocent people died in the place of one guilty man.
So, I hope that breaks things down for you if you’ve been unfamiliar with all things steampunk until now. Steampunk expert? Tell me what you think of my list in the comments below! Did I miss a category?
If extortion is not resisted, it is repeated. The Danes have a word for such regular payments: Danegeld.
I don’t blame Ian Ayre, and by extension, the American owners, when they see so much money being taken away from a revenue stream in which their club is strong.
- Add Amazon affiliate products to articles
The topics ran from favorite examples of classic radio drama (often referred to today as “old-time radio”) as well as audiobooks and more recent attempts at full-cast audio dramas, and finally the resurgence of the audio drama format thanks to the internet and podcasting. HG World was the hook, of course, and provided Jay with plenty of examples to illustrate various points as we fielded questions from our audience, which started with 1 member at the top of the hour before finally swelling to 12. Hey, what they lacked in numbers, they more than made up for with enthusiasm.
Want
As Silver aptly notes, a variable that does well through 13 elections can suddenly perform poorly in the 14th, and then where are we? Most obviously, I think this probably follows from the fact that an awful lot of Silver’s 43 variables co-vary with one another. If his results showed three variables with huge effects and then 40 with no effect, I would think we were on to something quite important. Instead, however, we see a gradual decline across all the variables, suggesting to me at least that after four more presidential elections we might still see the same gradual decline, but with a reordering of the rankings.
the Queen Bees of school, with some hot guys, parties, and a bit of danger thrown in. A quick, easy read for a quickie fix of lipgloss and attempted murder.
On deck is the Chael's Ale! Someone better call Scooby Doo and Shaggy because it's going to be a monster!
“I want to ask the prime minister to accept the Supreme Court’s order, quit as prime minister or face the protest movement,” Xinhua quoted Nawaz Sharif as saying at a press conference in Islamabad.
- Work to support multitudes of negroes and mestizos and other non-Whites via welfare, food stamps, TANF, SSI, etc.
I may not be the sharpest knife in the butcher block, so I need a little help here. Isn't that an admission of bias? Also, if a key mission of Fox is to tell their bias or "side of the story", isn't their other slogan disingenuous? "Fair and Balanced". The implications of Chris Wallace's admission is that Fox is not presenting "fair and balanced" news, but rather news shaped to counter other views?
I am not a threat to anybody except myself.
No jokes about their ambitions, though- the festival fills up a big chunk of the park (much to the annoyance of local Christian People's Party representatives who do not believe much in joy this side of death). I have to admit that my initial enthusiasm was soon replaced by skepticism when I saw the beer list- how can you promote craft beers in Norway when our two most excellent craft breweries, Nøgne Ø and Haandbryggeriet, are not even there with a small tasting?
10x8 oil on Raymar canvas panel
For those who are not truly Christians there is another judgment. If you choose to reject God’s Son, you will stand before God and be judged by Him at His Great White Throne. There are three things I want us to see about this Throne.
House of Love Beatles and the Stones UK
Stephanie Perkins
However, it seems the clerk certainly taught the torch wielder quite the object lesson that stupid robbery attempts can be painful.
Fifty of the employees were female (22 percent) while 173 (78 percent) were males.
Wishing you a fun week ahead, à bientôt!!
Basketball camp 1:00–4:00 (so many screaming kids. . . )
Where will they all dry?
I will leave you with a quote from Christopher Hitchens, “By trying to adjust to the findings that it once tried so viciously to ban and repress, religion has only succeeded in restating the same questions that undermined it in earlier epochs. What kind of designer or creator is so wasteful and capricious and approximate? What kind of designer or creator is so cruel and indifferent? And—most of all—what kind of designer or creator only chooses to “reveal” himself to semi-stupefied peasants in desert regions?” Christopher Hitchens, a famous atheist and author of some note.
God is Good!
"Precisely."
I might just have to wear jeans.
I have commandeered Child 1's shitty little full of cracker crumbs laptop, which means I can get online and feed my various addictions (I didn't read reddit all weekend. I think I have a rash now) and check my gmails. However, without the contents of my hard drive I'm practically crippled with the things I can't do. Like draw stuff. And see how much money I have in the bank. And, oh, I don't know.... WORK. Luckily most of my clients keep their own files on their own computers, but I had to reschedule one client this week, which means this shit is now costing me fucking money.
We judged ambience as the vibe of the place after extracting the clientele. Music, noise level, and the feeling we got from the place in general. Highly subjective, but like most people we know when we’re in a place where we're comfortable.
Tools: "Just Realize" Font (FontSpace); Rangers Inksentials Blending Tool; Cricuit Expression 2
My kids were very tired that night and went to bed without fussing. So did I...
Professional: Avoid clothing and accessories that are associated with your students (i.e. hoodies, backpacks, flipflops, logo wear, etc.) Take a cue from business casual wear and incorporate blazers, blouses, skirts, and slacks into your wardrobe. For instance, top a sundress with a blazer and add ballet flats and a smart bag for a youthful, yet pulled-together look.
Bake at 350 degrees for 15 minutes or until cake tester comes out clean.
there’s just one plea -
Of course the point CBRE wants to make is that both the procrastination with dealing with the rent review issue and the issue itself are deterring transactions. Obviously not the Google, Ericsson and OPW transactions, but the complaint is merited. Minister Shatter has had his feet under the desk in St Stephen’s Green for over three weeks and given the strong commitment to this matter in the manifestoes, the Fine Gael manifesto in particular which said that reviews would take place in 2011, it is disappointing that no opinion has yet been sought from the government’s adviser, the AG.
The sun broke through the clouds just moments after the delivery man handed the box over to me, so in a way, Jilly, for a minute anyway, they did stop the snow. Thank you so much. I'm slightly overwhelmed, but you have no idea how much I needed them.
At this point, The Citadel might have the best shot, as it will be very difficult for Northwestern and/or William & Mary to win their respective conference tourneys (I think it’s fair to say that winning the Big 10/CAA tourneys is harder than winning the SoCon crown). The Bulldogs, while currently playing good basketball, will probably have to win four SoCon tourney games in four days, however. Considering the school has only won two consecutive SoCon tourney games once in its entire history, that may be too tall an order.
11. ALEC/THE FATE OF THE ARTIST
Flight To The Finish
Also, the survey found, half of men were physically dressed by their wives. You know, doing up their tie, fastening their cufflinks or inserting their collar stiffeners (not a euphemism). Kinda brings new meaning to the phrase getting up in the morning.
I struggle and work hard, because I have placed my hope in the Living God, who is The Saviour of all and especially of those who believe, Amen!
National Conservatives like John Casey in “Authority and Tradition” from “Conservative Essays”(ed) Maurice Cowling and philosopher Roger Scruton in "Thinkers of the New Left" tried to counter this revised Marxist thinking but with their own methods - trying to rationally disprove their ideology.. Entering into debate with the dominant ideology is wrong and leads us into irrelevant by-ways. We must expose what they have done but concentrate on what we can do. We look at the world differently, not through a rationalised ideology but emotion, common sense and study of reality.
The simple answer is that you can’t. Sure you could try what Twilight did, and have voiceovers (sorry, that’s the only movie I can think of on the spot). But that gets boring after a while, so you can’t do it all the time. Another thing is to have her say the stuff to another character, perhaps Peeta. But her questioning the Capitol would be seen as too rebellious, and over the years Katniss has become guarded in her words and actions, so that’s out if we’re staying true to the characters.
For example; the provider needs the address to the server (or the path to the data file) to connect to. This parameter is often named “Server” or “Data Source”. The value specified for this key in the connection string is passed on to the provider and this is how its possible for the provider to know where to connect.
I wrote them, first by mail, and complained about this situation, whereupon they answered, this is “not a discriminatory measure, but intended to prevented the use of special characters, which could lead to errors”.
One final down, one more to go!
Terry Whitfield, Yankees: 1978 Topps
Like this post? Please share on Facebook or Twitter!
hope you'll join us next saturday-october 29- between 10 and 4p for our 12th anniversary celebration. make and takes, sales, discounts, door prizes and snacks!
At the moment, people under the age of 25 can get housing benefit to help pay the rent for bed-sits or rooms in shared accommodation if their wages and savings are below a certain level.
The Irish heritage is in my blood. Literally. My maiden name is McCabe, and I had a hard time giving it up for Smith, so I kept it as my middle name (I have two now). I also keep movie and concert ticket stubs. As well as every hand written note I’ve ever received from my best girlfriends growing up.
Below are a few reasons why you should utilize pull up banners in Brisbane for your promotional goals.
The Bible has several passages in which the Holy Spirit works in individual lives. For example, in Acts 10 we read about Peter having an important spiritual experience in which I believe that Holy Spirit is at work in Peter.
Last, in a piece of good news, a bill requiring a transvaginal ultrasound before an abortion procedure was withdrawn in
Rogelio Guedea / Timeline (Tr. Megan Saltzman) / 115
Linking up with Maxabella for this week I am grateful for.
When I was a little girl, pink used to be my favorite color. (If you take a peek in my room, you’ll know what I’m talking about…) But there was a few years of my life where I thought I needed to have a more “grown up” favorite color. Weird concept, I know. However, pink weddings after pink weddings, I’m starting to really love pink again!
-Fri.
The Hindus that run the local corner store have seen more action than a Vietnam vet.
One of the central ideas that has motivated vegetarians is that food choices should not require the death or suffering of animals. Thus, many vegetarians avoid meat but eat dairy products and eggs (on the grounds that store-bought eggs are unfertilized).
We need to stop the multiple measured madness.
1 cup of whole milk
I have tried to embrace colour a number of times and believe it or not each room of my previous home was painted a different colour, but I keep coming back to Black & White!
So now that I have dumped this mess into a text file, what has been accomplished? What am I supposed to do with all of this now? I really don’t know. I mean, I do, but I don’t. All I know is, honesty is the best policy.
Laying down a soft mat in the back of the restaurant to make space for crawlies
I love how the Van Damme's accent is explained in a sense in this film. The babies have British parents, but obviously they aren't going to be teaching these kids anything anytime soon except how to feed worms. So...as the nanny rescues Alex, she drops him on the doorstep of a French mission/orphanage where we assume he is then raised. GENIUS!
“Be patient toward all that is unsolved in your heart and try to love the questions themselves, like locked rooms and like books that are now written in a very foreign tongue. Do not now seek the answers, which cannot be given you because you would not be able to live them. And the point is, to live everything. Live the questions now. Perhaps you will then gradually, without noticing it, live along some distant day into the answer.”
The snow covered 1,200-meter Chaiten volcano spewed a combination of smoke, ash and fire Thursday night, causing small tremors in the Los Lagos region, about 1,200 kilometers south of Santiago.
Way to go Boris. Carry on with Red Kens plan to replace all White True Brit black cab drivers with ethnics from overseas. I wonder if these ethnic drivers will have to take the 'Transporting Passengers By Taxi and Private Hire'. A three hour exam that councils are making White taxi drivers take. I doubt it.
“Parklife” by Blur (7)
Unfortunately, lunch at Thialf was not as forthcoming as we’d hoped. This was the moment when we first ran into trouble with our non-microchipped American debit cards, which the cafeteria would not accept. We’d just used our last euros on parking, so off we went on foot on an ATM-finding mission – there isn’t one at the oval, surprisingly enough. Not having enough cash in hand was another not-best decision of the day, but it also turned out fine. The walk was nice; we saw some familiar faces – American skaters and coaches were arriving at the oval on the back side – and passed some more beautiful crocuses, which of course I had to stop and photograph.
i know it's nothing fancy, but i just went with some colors that i already had, and bought some "avocado" colored spraypaint for the iron furniture. the old floral pillows are not a fabric i would pick out, but they are good quality, and, turns out, replacing outdoor furniture pillows is SUPER EXPENSIVE. wowza! had no idea. so i just bought two chocolate-colored outdoor pillows from home depot to matchy match the brown that i painted the small table and lanterns.
A JAPANESE electronics firm has unveiled a futuristic new digital camera that unveils and photographs “the inner you.”
Born in Small Town USA, the Jolly Rokkers were a four-piece group that played sped up renditions of 50's rock n roll standards through loud amplifiers. In 1977 they rearranged the line-up and changed their name to Slammer. Playing wherever they could pick up gigs around their hometown of Nampa, ID, they eventually booked a cross-country tour which brought them out to New Mexico and across Texas to Louisiana where they ran out of money.
Acts 27:23, Part 2
Today for the Me-Made-May challenge, I wore my Sorbetto top with a suit. With this, I’ve technically met my challenge for the week (I said I would wear 2 items each work week). But I will probably wear something me made again this week anyway.
Thanks to Alberto Flores and his wife who suggested the antichuchos. They're the folks who first turned me onto R&R Taqueria. So figure that the Food Network will get to Chick'n Pollo in two years.
Receivers ran out of their shoes. Running backs kept moving forward even after their heads were chopped off. Defenders destroyed. Crowds went worse than bonkers. And nobody in sports -- I mean nobody in sports -- used the word "whatchamacallit" more creatively, poetically and spectacularly than Larry Munson. He used "whatchamacallit" the way Springsteen used cars.
For a $5 donation, donors would get a fab picture of themselves in a tutu.
spend any more money on scrapping. I`m doing a shop-stop.
The difference is, when it comes to marketing, Apple keeps coming up with amazing successes while Pepsi keeps getting tangled up in its underwear.
At the end of the day we all gather together in our living room. We have all gone trough another day of schooling, living and playing right at the heart of our home!! And the feeling is sweet. Being a part of a family, building life together as best friends and connecting to each other happens slowly and steady in days at home and with each other. Running to and fro and cutting the family a pieces for the sake of classes and progress is wrong in my kingdom. We all need to build our families first before we can build society. And as you grow and form bonds with your family you also learn how to serve your Church, your community and your country as a family. Remember that God is a Holy trinity , a family of love!!
modeled after the successful HOPE Court in Hawaii, which uses swift and certain sanctions to manage low-level drug offenders.
Return of the Jedi was once my favourite of the series, and I quite liked the 1997 editions, but the only film I own now is Star Wars itself, even if it's the slightly crippled original Lucas hid away on the second disc of the re-releases a few years ago. So that's a third of a point, I think.
That cursed grim reaper
Heading on to the sixth and final pub of the crawl there wasn't any doubt as to which pub it would be. Set at the edge of a Stockwell estate is the Cavendish. You write this pub off as another estate. pub at your own peril. In fact it should itself be called the Surprise with the backroom Ballroom showcasing new comedy, music and on occasion burlesque. Added to which it's probably the only pub in London to have an occasional house organist. The on tap selection isn't huge with Greene King being the choice to round off the crawl. Standing at the bar chatting with the staff, there is a thought that if we started the crawl here we wouldn't have made it far. We'll defintely be back here for a full entry as it rightly deserves.
“Moodiness, irritability, random crying.”
Laser light show in the Atrium, the casino and professional studio photographs
What I didn't love:
"You do?" She looked at me.
I admit it. I'm a complete and hopeless addict to My Mind's Eye 6x6 paper pads. They're so pretty! The papers are scaled just perfectly for tags and cards. And the colors and patterns...oh my!
when you’ve already let something in by the front door.
Where She Went by Gayle Forman: This is one that, honestly, I am bad about recommending, I think because in my head, it is just so amazing that I basically assume everyone has read it. Yeah, I know, silly, but this book... there are no words for how amazing it is. It is truly stunning in every aspect, and some of the most memorable scenes ever, in all the books I've read, come from this one. It will put you through the gauntlet of emotions, testing you in absolutely every way, break you apart, but put you back together as well. Forman is stunning in her execution of this one, and Adam will always be one of my favorite characters ever.
There was an annoying commercial awhile ago with a cute 'brother and sister' ordering movie tickets on their cell phone while pretentiously announcing in that Madison Avenue version of Williamsburg Daria hipster flatline voiceover that "images are important to us." Because they're photographers. So they go to a lot of movies together, which is about $25 per film between them, not including popcorn or bedbug removal. If nothing else, THE TREE OF LIFE proves that images are important to Terrence Malick too - he is a cinematographer...
You must look for slower-burning carbs, that release their energy slowly, giving you more chance to control the condition of your blood.
yard swathed in black
”She has been shadowing me, sitting next to me and I have to teach her how to do my day-to-day job,” Westpac staffer of 15 years, Russell Siachico, told The Sunday Telegraph. “Basically sitting next to me like a sponge, sucking in as much information as possible. It’s devastating. I feel insulted and very low.”
I decided with my first short story about Samir to use the stories of my husband’s large and entertaining Iraqi family as the background. I have learnt so much about ordinary everyday life in Iraq from the family; I even know the names of local streets and markets. I am familiar with the food, culture and even know a few words of Arabic. So it felt absolutely right to continue exploring this rich background, history and politics in HIDDEN.
Here are the top 5:
What’s your take on improving the transit experience?
That night, we ate room service in our room again and watched a movie. Diving is exhausting! The next morning, during an enormous breakfast, I brainstormed with Anna, trying to figure out what I wanted to see next. Since Kath had come through with mantas, I figured she was up for a challenge. So when she arrived to wrap up breakfast, I jokingly told her that I wanted to see a dugong (manatee). She scoffed – so I changed my challenge to a whale.
11. Slipping Through The Cracks (new song)
Individual endorsers of the event included Manning Marable.
Ah, books. I am so happy to have a boyfriend who loves reading as much as I do (incidentally, my boyfriend is back from Louisiana --hooray!) It's so much fun to go to bookstores together, each of us getting lost in our favorite sections to find one another an hour or so later carrying our finds in our arms.
Tools--Scor-Pal, Fiskars punches, CutterBee snips, Cuttlebug, Sizzix embossing folders, SU piercing tool and Mat pack.
2 pounds unpeeled, large fresh shrimp
How often does that happen?
I feel so blessed to be the one to bring this group into being... All is Well. My childcare challenges were not a factor at all! The boys loved their time at Jax Junglehouse and we wrapped up the meeting in time enough for me to leave without leaving anyone hanging...the silver lining? The boys getting to try out Jax, and me finding another possible sitter (teen boy, woo hoo!) at park day today!!
Yet they do not know and are too ignorant to see
The CTS pamphlet says...
Cairo, 1955 – a crack agent of the OSS (the French version of MI-6 and the CIA) named Jack Jefferson (Lefebvre) has been murdered. The French government opts to send their best agent and Jefferson’s close friend Hubert Bonisseur de la Bath, a.k.a. agent 117, to “make the Middle East safe” and solve his friend’s murder.
Here we have the lovely squid tentacles on the chopping board and the squid tubes in the bowl. The tentacles will be chopped up and we will use half with the chorizo sausage as filling for the squid tubes, and the rest will be used separately just loose in the stew.
But that wasn't the color scheme I needed for this quilt, nor was it going to work in the original shape. You see, I made this for my middle daughter (who is known in these pages as D3), who has a large bare wall in her living room. She loves green--any shade of green--with burgundy a close second.
I'll cut sashings when I get home and likely complete the assembly on my own turf.
Oh and do you know the story behind the “super fast, super healing, super glue”? Be sure to watch Crows Zero first. Funny thing here is that Tokio, on a brink of a moment, even thought of using said glue when he was hit in the head by Housen. I was secretly hoping the Mikami brothers saw that but they were fighting on the other side. Makes me wonder now, which film is funnier. Even though more dramatic and more action-packed, Crows Zero II has lots of funny scenes too.
I think autumn is over & winter has moved in, it’s cold every morning & every night.
My favourite version is by Matt Monro who recorded it in1968 for his “Late, Late Show” album, produced by George Martin. I’d love to be able to show a clip of Matt singing it, but the best I can offer is this homemade YouTube video that somebody has put together. Ignore the pictures – just listen to Matt’s incredible voice:
our future lies,
In careful ways, the Canadian political right has reintroduced moral issues and social values into the political arena. It is “the right” that talks about family values, about tough punishment for those who do harm and about caring for their victims, about choice and about liberty. And, in Canada at least, it quietly voices its antagonism for abortion. Politically, they have been the loudest voice on these issues. It is time that the other parties started to talk about values again, including moral values.
I'm upset about what we are losing with the end of our spina bifida group.
Marko Hamlin is amazing and maybe I’m giving way to my own emotions here but I am so proud to know a male survivor of child sexual abuse who desires to stand up on a stage, a pulpit, a car, or a step-ladder in the Walmart to declare that not only is he victorious but he’s taking hostages. His belief and devotion to his spiritual practices are infectious and make us all want to believe more, and do more to aid in the healing process of those who have been mentally, physically and sexually abused.
I found this at Elsie's the same day that I bought the Smoking Lily dress that I wore last week. You can't tell in this photo but under the red cross is a screen print of an anatomically correct heart.
889 **D-XI/4/1984. “Shaw’s Caesar and Cleopatra.” Basic Program Weekend Conference, The University of Chicago, Alpine Valley Resort, East Troy, Wisconsin. (Incorporated in Item C-2000 (12), above, pp. 437-64.)
Jerry Seinfeld was the only cast member to appear in every episode.
On my recent trip to the White House (I didn't mention it before because these trips are commonplace for me) Barry asked me to sit in an interview with him.
Single Black is part of the "Black Damnation" project, using Black Albert (Russian Imperial Stout) as the jumping off point for a series of different recipes. Most of the ones released to date have been appropriate for Gravity Head in terns of their alcohol content, and Single Black is by far the "smallest" of them. It's a reminder of the brewing tradition of second, and sometimes third runnings of the same mash.
The earth rose into shapes of mountains and hills, rivers and creeks, then he blew on the sky and his breath formed feathery white clouds. The trees began to turn various shades of green, the mountains to violet and purple, and the birds began to display colours of the rainbow.
A' plump and strappin' in their teens,
Facial Wash Sponge
Their conversation becomes less jovial as he realises she's serious and intent on some sort of retribution, and as her coffee making becomes mechanical he knows he's about to divulge information he's never been game to expose.
Cheeres 0
This sort of makes me sound like I'm a crazy self-disciplined person who never has any fun. Neither of those things are true. I am the queen of procrastinating. It's actually kind of embarrassing. That habit has caused me more than a couple of almost sleepless nights meeting deadlines. Since I recognize that about myself and know that it's hard for me to switch out of that lifelong habit, I kind of plan for it. I trick myself sometimes. I also make sure my schedule has time for hanging out with friends and going neat places. Sometimes the fun doubles as work. I had the best possible day visiting Rancho Obi-Wan with friends, but I also did a couple of interviews while I was there. It's okay to do both at the same time.
Hethcote said his daughter had whooping cough as an adult during the last spike of cases in Washington, four or five years ago. She coughed so hard she broke a rib and was sick for more than a month, he recalls. She never found out how she caught it but the experience raised awareness in his family that pertussis is not just a children’s disease.
Enter that call to prayer and the sublimation through religion that Rifaat so brilliantly introduces in her story. Just as regime-appointed clerics lull the poor across the region with promises of justice — and nubile virgins — in the next world rather than a reckoning with the corruption and nepotism of the dictator in this life, so women are silenced by a deadly combination of men who hate them while also claiming to have God firmly on their side.
However, just because I’m economizing doesn’t mean I’m going to give up my wine. I’m just being frugal about it. And frugal doesn’t mean Boones Farm or wine in a box. There are plenty of good-to-very-good wines out there for under (dare I say it) $10.00. YES there are!
6. Recruit Comrades
It’s hard to ignore all the positive publicity Goji berries have been receiving in the media. These include: The Today Show, LA Times, Time Magazine, Harper’s Bizaar, CNN, ABC, Larry King, Oprah and many more. Even world renowned “celebrity dermatologist”, Dr. Howard Murad, recommends Goji in his latest book, The Cellulite Solution.
Bev managed to find me all the things I needed, I had given her a budget I wanted to stick to and I walked away with several items including a winter coat, shoes, bag and numerous tops and jeans. It was just so useful having someone there to focus me and just luxury having a very rare day to myself to actually thing about what I needed to buy rather than just a quick dash to the shops and panic buying something i thought I needed but then only ever wear once or twice.
Stage Director: Stephen Langridge
I want to learn
Me: “Okay, we can get Happy Meals, you have to wait a minute until we see one though.”
So it’s farewell, trusty swimming towel. You were bought at Lewis’s in Manchester long, long ago, in pre-decimal days, and accompanied me to school swimming lessons every week. Fraying round the edges, you served as a gym rag in the aerobic boom of the early 80’s and you lived in a variety of rucksacks in my fellwalking days during the 90’s. Finally, much reduced by splashes of caustic but still bearing the name tag my mum sewed on you in 1968 you fulfilled a vital role in the development of Ennerdale beers by mopping up the drips from the hop filter. I will never see you again, swimming towel, but I salute you.
Make it a good one!
… That is why we have set up the Monitoring Centre and why we are continually fighting for equality and tolerance.”
“Frankie played House music, disco, soul, Jazz, “white bread” disco, gospel, club track versions of Top 40 hits and, (as we used to say), something for our Latin brothers and sisters too! He never treated the audience like they were musically inept as many so-called “consultants” have since they became the vogue in programming in the early 1990s. That, my friend, is the beauty of the Frankie Crocker syndrome, the fact that he was courageous enough to pick music from the “gut” – an all-inclusive philosophy that I developed partly by listening, student-style, to every show he performed as much as possible. I cannot count the times that I have thought-up a song, or said to myself, “Gee, I haven’t heard that jam in a long time” and during his reign, magically ‘BLS would suddenly play that very tune! That was hellified programming, and another reason why I wanted to follow in his footsteps! Looking back, it seems like yesterday but sadly, my dream was tarnished along the way because I did not count on having to sift through all of the insecure and messed-up people who were in positions of power…
Do – try and be calm, maybe have a little fun. Like these people!
When Steven Soderbergh announced last year that he planned to retire after making three more films (which, for most directors, would mean retiring in 6 to 10 years, but for Soderbergh would mean retirement within, like, a year), it was shocking but, at the same time, made a certain amount of sense. It's shocking because he's still in his prime and he's such a consistently interesting and excellent filmmaker, but it makes sense because there are few achievements he has left to meet. He has an Oscar, has proved to be ambitious in both large-scale (the Che films) and smaller scale films, has had films that were huge commercial successes, and has made personal, experimental indies, and he's been ridiculously prolific (24 films in 23 years). Soderbergh is an artist with nothing left to prove, which is why he can turn his attention to making delightful genre pictures like Haywire without having to worry that his legacy will in any way be tarnished because he's not making "important" movies.
Moronic
6 TBS nonhydrogenated margarine (such as Earth Balance buttery sticks)
Heather has a well deserved international reputation as a teacher and creator of rag rugs. She has travelled the world and taken her rugs and hooks with her. She is busy enough doing that but also has found time to found and run a charity in the Gambia called Rug Aid which teaches blind Gambians to make rag rugs for sale. An almost impossible task is what we all thought when we heard about it, but Heather was determined to try to help these terribly deprived people who have to beg on the streets to survive. You can read all about it on the website here. You can also browse Heather’s own website here.
In this article we will learn how to send messages from our Arduino to twitter. For the uninitiated who may be thinking “what is all this twitter nonsense about?”, twitter is a form of microblogging. You can create a message with a maximum length of 140 characters, and broadcast this on the twitter service. For people to receive your messages (or tweets) they also need to be a member of twitter and choose to subscribe to your tweets.
and pop them into the refrigerator. For one day, I actually feel like I am living in that wonderful decade of the 1940's. And I totally love that feeling!!
-“ I want to go home.” Fatima said sobbingly.
An image from the jacket of Stanford Football: Deconstructing 116 Years of Grotesquerie and the Fabulism of Crowds (Stanford University Press, 2007)
The old women answered him as she was walking out the room with her daughter and closed the door slowly behind them. He walked closer to Fatima and stood befor her.
OK so you can basically use the ganache in three different ways- Fill the cake with whichever icing you prefer, put on the other layer, place the cake on a cooling rack and just pour the ganache on top, enabling it to drop off the sides as evenly as possible. Messy, but good shiny, glazed topping would be the end result.
"I'll have it for you then," he promised enthusiastically.
Now, let's see...what does this button do?...
After perhaps five strikes you have your papers handed back to you, and guard turns you from the line. There a few ways to get through the door even so. Perhaps you have a bonus supply of money or good looks or chutzpah… even talent can be used as currency to bribe the guard. If you have a surplus in some area, you still might get through. You can be one of the ones who has it all.
At a time of economic uncertainty and high budget deficits, Los Angeles leftists have decided to impose new prohibition on its citizens and businesses. The Los Angeles County Board of Supervisors voted on November 16, 2010 to prohibit supermarkets and pharmacies in unincorporated county areas from giving out plastic shopping bags to customers. The ordinance will also require stores to charge 10 cents per paper bag.
The people who stand out throughout history are the ones who fought against conformity, who were different than everyone else, and who refused to accept the worlds view of who they should be. Some examples are Leonardo Da Vinci, Alexander the Great, George Washington, Abraham Lincoln, Martin Luther King, Jr., Frank Lloyd Wright, Isaac Newton, Charles Darwin, Albert Einstein, Thomas Alva Edison, Christopher Columbus, Jesus, Moses, Muhammad, Peter the Great and many others.
five gardens away; there is papal smoke
It's no secret that I have been having a really difficult time over the past few weeks. I am just going to continue keeping it real here. I miss my kids in a way that I can't even begin to put into words. I feel guilty for leaving them. They didn't want me to go, and trust me, I certainly didn't want to go, either. I knew it had to happen. I knew this is just how the process is right now. Every family has to do it. And they all live through it. And eventually, their kids come home and that pain is replaced with overwhelming joy. I know. I know. I know. I really do. But none of that really matters when it's YOUR kids. When you're just a mom in the backseat of a van, driving away from the orphanage that you just left your four (confused and hurting) children in, with tears rolling uncontrollably down your cheeks. And getting on a plane to fly halfway around the world from where they are? There are just no words to explain how much that goes against every natural, maternal instinct that a mother has.
Foodie: I’ve been cooking. I swear. And some of it has been really tasty. I’m making guacamole later today (nummy) but I wanted to update with some of my previous cooking adventures.
First up, since I am sooooooooo horrible at marketing my classes, I thought I'd share what we did on November 1st at The Scrapbook Page. These are 4 of the 5 cards we made... I was an idiot and didn't get a photo of THE BEST ONE, which was a realistic looking candle lantern image by Stampendous. But here are the rest (sorry about the sucky photos... it was at night for the first 3):
Lumet begins the film with a solemn opening shot of the impressive pillars of the hall of justice in New York City. In a court room, a Puerto Rican teenager has been charged with murdering his father. If the 12-man jury can find him guilty beyond a reasonable doubt, then he could be given the death penalty as is the case with first-degree murder. And so, the rest of the film plays out in a small room on “the hottest day of the year,” with no air-conditioning as these men must decide the fate of another.
Allow to cool in the pan, and then release. Enjoy!
PART 3 TOMORROW
The color of the paper represents the ocean of Ishinomaki; She said that this is for the remembrance of what happened on March 11, 2011.
You guessed it. I was once again asked to remove my clothing. All of the previous clothes-shedding was accompanied by lying still or minor movement at the most… not this time. I had to pose, twist, hop and generally make an ass out of myself in front of a fully clothed woman. It was like reliving my days as an exotic dancer all over again.
After a little bit of hesitant start she was happy and excited and I even got a drawing of me done.
I preferred eating the berries before they turned purple. When they are still white they have a wonderful flavor, unlike any I can describe. Well, this year my sweet boyfriend, who has heard the mulberry tree story a few times, surprised me with this weeping mulberry. Isn’t it darling?
The ABI themselves admit that the flood insurance agreement has led the home insurance industry to provide continual cover to otherwise uninsurable properties. They claim that the average cost of repairing a home that is damaged by flooding is between £20,000 and £40,000. Not only that but there was over £3 billion of flood-related damage in 2007 and £174 million of damage as a result of the Cumbria floods of 2009.
There are many kinds of dances to be done on Samhain, or Halloween Eve. For instance:
these holes but there are always new ones.
You see the product is not the only problem. Options for “future” dealers is a big part of the problem. Some of these young men would probably be carpenters if they didn’t take shop classes out of our schools or worked in factories if we were shipping all their potential jobs overseas.
“Snap out of it, man” I kept repeating in my inner voice. I was hoping to say something real cool, but the blood had run now completely to my cock. My mind was a wash in oblivion.
Because they are manufactured in that way.
And the precipice you are rushing towards is just out of sight around the bend.
On the dimensions of places
_________________________________________________________________________________________
Some unknown person was there to provide the animal for Jesus to ride in on for His triumphal entry into Jerusalem.
The raid took place on Wednesday and the officers were allegedly searching for documents relating to the report.
Iván Meade - What was your first experience with design?
also some quick drying waterproof glass glue.
We're seriously considering boycotting the cinema now and taking our business to one of the big, multiplexes. They might be soulless, money pits, but they're soulless, money pits with chocolate raisins.
As I see your name again,
Amyas Northcote – Brickett Bottom
Gert here…oh this is so JW, I can acutally HEAR her. If pilgrim is a different person and a male at that, as he/she/it maintains, then NO MALE would throw such an obviously temper-tamtum! JW also is the only one that I know of that believes that Ruth and Gert are JEALOUS of her. Jealous of what, I ask you? JW is so frustated and pissed off that she can’t control herself as she imagines pilgrim speaking, for her. JW is telling us the same things that she has said so many times before and she doesn’t know that she is doing it! Her brain has been fried so many times with this ‘story of hate’ that she can not separate herself from it, for one second. She wants everyone to believe that there actually is another person out there that KNOWS what Ruth and Gert have done; that we are (JW’s words) proud of ourselves because we caused JW’s disabilities and that we are on a glorious crusdae to destroy our own sister. JW has said these very words many many times in many many places. You can just see little Joanie having a fit as she writes this…ENOUGH IS ENOUGH…don’t you see I have a FRIEND WHO IS MY DEFENDER? Can you see little Joanie stomping her feet and getting red in the face?
Make sure there is enough water in your pot to completely cook the grains and that the pot is boiling. Add grains to pot and bring to a boil agin. Add garlic and parsley. Stir and cover and let sit in a 250oF oven for 30-40 minutes, or until grains are cooked.
It listed events such as a ‘wildcat march’ starting at 1 p.m. on East Houston Street; a ‘Bike Bloc’ to beginning at 9 a.m. at Union Square and ‘Hoodie March Against Police Violence’.
Sometimes a design starts with one simple idea...a cute photo with random, non-grounded chipboard pieces along the side. Because I love random, chipboard pieces.
Started with 1/2 lemon tea nuun + 1/2 strawberry lemonade nuun in my amphipod. Refilled with water three times, should have used more nuun as I was very salty.
Rebecca Minkoff Cross Body Bag $209 Saks Fifth Avenue Off Fifth
Then I read something I liked. And I remembered why I love writing. It´s so strange that I sometimes forget. Like everyday life puts a grayness between me and my creativity and I forget what excites me. The things I´ve been writing lately have been too practical, I think, like that monologue. The freedom in writing escapes me. But maybe that happens when I don´t have enough time to devote to writing, I don´t know. I will have to find time and balance between the hard work that writing also is and the lust that makes me want to do it.
Natural Dog Training Quantum Canine Eye Contact Part 1
I heard that many of my friends came down with a bad cold. It's because of the shift of seasons? I hate getting a cold or flu. Who loves it?! For prevention, I've tried to eat ginger and allium vegetables (such as negi, garlic) as often as I can. They are said to keep you warm and help to get rid of germs. Also I guess eating brown rice everyday helps us stay healthy. Are you okay? I really hope y'all and me stay well!
Long before rollerblades took skating outside, there was a whole fashion niche in the roller skating world of the rink and roller disco. There were bedazzled leotards and funky skates in a dazzlingly hideous variety. For instance, there was the roller formalwear...
Lawyers for the defendants declined to comment for this story.
poetry meet-ups and the
But what about Hart? In The Duke’s Perfect Wife, the oldest (and coldest) brother has become a manipulative and effective politician who is resigned to the feisty women his brothers have married. In reality, Hart has secretly worked hard to keep his brothers away from scandal and in reality saved their lives time and again from his late father.
Dr. Seuss' How the Grinch Stole Christmas ... Cartoon Network (west) ... 11 PM
Love this latest flower version I came up with while watching American Idol this week. I'm not sure if you are watching this year or not, but I think the singers that have been picked are pretty talented. Some years you just can't believe that some of those people made it in, but this year even if I don't like someones voice I can see why others like it.
The present auspicious Manvantara is Vaivaswatha Manu; it is the seventh in due order; and the son of Satyavati, the best of the knowers of Dharma, is the Veda Vyâsa of the 28th Dvâpara Yuga of this seventh Manvantara. In the next Dvâpara, Yuga Asvatthama, the son of Drona will be the Veda Vyâsa. Twenty-seven Veda Vyâsas had expired and they duly compiled each their own Purâna Samhitas in their own Dvâpara Yugas.
Despite being skilled in BedPost Math (click here to read that), I am no mathematician, however, add these two definitions and you will come to the same conclusion as I have: NASA makes dicks!
UPDATE: After I (hastily) posted this, I found that the Center on Budget and Policy Priorities had created two tables that lay out the changes in the EUC program and the total weeks of benefits that will be available, with and without EB. A clearer picture of the complex end results than my prose could manage.
Arthur Cradock, a 48-year-old orchard worker from Motueka on South Island, rang police on February 11 to say he was being raped by the slow moving Australian marsupial at his home, The Nelson Mail reported.
I watched the London news on ITN and it never mentioned it. Another article in the Guardian is interesting as the Welsh want demographic change to be taken into account when building new homes. (6)
Did I mention that my husband is a tree lover? That he had missed his forests when we lived in Southern California? That he took us camping and hiking any chance he had? That he would go to the beach in California only rarely? This place of ours is perfectly matched to our personalities. It is cool year round, as he likes it. It has plenty of forests, trees, ranch land, as he likes it. It is isolated and rural, as he likes it. And it has the Ocean, and plenty of space for gardening, as I like it!
Some of us believe peace of mind comes from money. Peace of mind doesn’t come from money. Look at all the celebrities who are millionaires and billionaires; most of them have become drug addicts, alcohol abusers, adulters, and have the highest rate for divorces. You can live in a luxury mansion and be miserable, or you can live in a shack and be happy. Money only solves the problem of things that money can buy, but money can’t purchase you deep, inner fulfillment within yourself. Your personal goals and achievements, don’t bring peace either. This road only leads to constantly trying to “top” yourself or somebody else, until you reach the limit of your abilities. Eventually, someone else comes along and does better than you did. Some athlete is always breaking records and creating new records to break.
rented home very easily, and I thought England was the best place on
And, as I pour myself a cup, this brings me comfort and makes me happy,
No... I didn't get the vacation for which I'd hoped. But the spring air blew through the house regardless. The neighborhood has grown more quiet, with the university students now off for the summer. The apple tree in the back yard will soon blossom, as will the lilacs along Henderson. The Co-op children play in the back. And I spent some intimate moments with Sue, caring for her and bringing her some comfort. It wasn't what I'd planned, but it worked out anyway.
I watched VH1’s countdown of the 100 Greatest Artists of All Time last week, and of course I have some things to say about it. First off, here’s the list:
Challenges remain
And as we all know, he has turned out to be really good in that area. By now, though, he must be very busy.
Loss has always been a part of my life – my mother died when I was a tiny girl. But I’ve been fortunate that, since then, there have been no major, unexpected deaths in my family. Till now.
Created in both silver and gold, the silver one came home with me. It is attached to a lovely silver chain, too, as seen above.
- Blair's Mum had a heart attack and died three days later, horrific time watching someone slowly die. Family arguments afterwards resulted in Blair not talking to any of his family since April.
NAMA has already stated that the maximum amount it expects to recover as additional security is of the order of €500 million.”
Awesome program for the weekend, Enjoy!
This dynamic event will be held at the Burlington Convention Centre, involving up to 500 female students and career coaches. For more information or to register as a career coach, please visit www.hiec.on.ca. Your support in promoting this event would be greatly appreciated. We hope you or a representative from your organization will be able to participate in this fabulous evening of mentorship and career awareness!
inside jokes out in the public
A friend also had a bad bottle of this and another friend had a bad pint in a bar but that may well have been to the bar not cleaning their pipes correctly.
xo lori
(any?) drone bands of recent years playing completely acoustic. Not that
Angela: ‘That’s good’.
To Love a Witch by Debora Geary
Emma ——- I have been gratified to find that hospital and consulting physicians unanimously agreed that Emma —————-’ autoimmune illness was the result of routine childhood vaccines, with the MMR vaccine being the final agent of incapacitation.
3-4 tablespoons of olive oil
The next morning, bring French toast out of the fridge and allow to sit at room temperature about an hour. Preheat oven to 350º. Bake, covered, till puffed and golden, about 25-30 minutes.
So my point is, females are just as much a part of the problem of guys not growing up as the guys themselves are. If a female ups her standards the male will see the only way he can get her is to grow up.
Griffin constantly acts to scupper the BNP vote. A notorious example was before the 2010 General Election when he boldly stated on television news that the Director of Publicity was plotting to have him murdered. Then for the Barking ward his fellow “undertaker of the NF” Patrick Harrington had masses of anti-Semitic booklets attacking Margaret Hodge printed and activists were forced by Griffin to distribute them. The State are playing a dangerous game in spreading anti-Semitism.
Last weekend I did really well and completed one short story and was half way through a second, unfortunately I’m not sure where my enthusiasm went and after a draining week I’ve arrived at today and just cannot settle to do any writing which is making me even more frustrated. So to get myself back on track I thought I’d update you all here on my plans.
Burns Therapeutics under Investigation by Universities/Institutes 13
I actually had no idea it was a valuable watch - or even a gold watch. My eyesight is awful, so I couldn't read the print on it. I just thought it was pretty and wanted to put it on a chain. My daughter read the back when I brought it home and I about flipped.
Louie looked down McDonald towards Avenue C, the lights of another F-train could be seen far in the distance. The yellow headlamps of the train slowly moved out from the Ditmas Avenue station and downwards towards the tunnel opening near the Gel spice company.
a need to get a laptop again eventually for hospital times.
lined in fire and incessant flares
High Line: The Inside Story of New York City’s Park in the Sky by Joshua David and Robert Hammond (Farrar, Straus and Giroux New York, 2011).
On Saturday we had some lunch, ran some errands for wedding crafting, and did some more cake tasting. I'm wondering how long we can really string that one out because getting free cupcakes makes my life very enjoyable. But we definitely needed some non-wedding, non-school, non-family/friends time. Even though I hacked up a lung throughout most of it.
Hello again...wow that seemed to be a quick week, big Thank you to everyone who played along with our Easter challenge we had lots of entries this week.
PLEASE READ PSALM 103!
Dena
January 1942. The conditions for the refugees are simply unbearable. Because of the shortage of coals, they are freezing to death.
Cool and strain the grass through a cheese cloth or a fine sieve or...both. The liquid obtained will be used as the base to make grass jelly.
It is a dead baby bird, my love.
After our conversation I did a google search on Polar Bears. I learned that some populations are diminishing, but not all. Still they are an endangered species. I also learned that overfishing of cod and some other species is resulting in fewer seals and therefore less food for the Polar Bears. What she said to me about “bring back the fish” then made sense. If you would like to learn more about how you can help the Polar Bears, here are a couple of sites I found that might be helpful. Polar Bears International and World Wild Life Organization.
1228. Italian Hoagies & Cheesesteak split @ The White House (Atlantic City, NJ) 6:13
I can’t accept that animals are worthless, and have no value. I can’t accept that because they’re worthless we can kill them. I accept the reality of a food chain, but I don’t accept the cruelty inflicted upon animals justified on the basis that they are worthless. Animals are sentient beings and live and love like any other living creature on this earth – like humans. My humanity will not allow me to believe otherwise.
Only women find it every day in soup ads pleasant as their husband comes home. Carmiggelt
Lots going on... no time to stop and post on the blog... here are a few snapshots:
“I had a feeling he had been cloned,” said a coffee shop owner near the sheriff station. “He didn’t order his usual tall iced coffee and glazed donut.”
We’ve been here before. About 126 years ago, thousands of workers and their families were marching through the streets of Chicago on May 1st, 1886. It was a Saturday. Everyone left work, because in those days people had to work on Saturday. They were working a ten- and twelve-hour day. Most of these people were immigrants, and they were fighting for an 8 hour work day rallying in Chicago’s Haymarket Square. It was near the end of a fairly successful rally, when about 176 police showed up, uninvited.
So without further ado, let’s check out what the PTW crew did with the sketch
It's 11 o'clock and we are disconnecting the RV...FINALLY we are actually only minutes from arriving at our destination...the Georgia O'Keefe museum! We do the fiddle with the air filter maneuver to start and we're off! The gal in the RV camp office showed Mel where we could park the RV in downtown Santa Fe and then walk to the museum.
Incidents such as described by Chang Lih Kang recently seem to increasingly be the norm - where the fires of racism and hatred are openly fanned by civil servants who are supposed to be neutral (a condition not entirely fulfilled by, say, the Election Commission chiefs).
The craft we tried was kind of a bust and the kids weren't big fans. I figured that because the kids love oobleck so much that Cloud Dough would be a hit. We couldn't seem to blend it well enough for it to be able to be formed and just mixing it wasn't nearly as cool as I thought it would be. No photos of this one today either. Sorry.
Tears stop right here,
This question had a couple right answers and either would have entered you into the contest.
WOW, I have hit 100 followers!!! Thanks SO MUCH everyone..and welcome to you newbies, I am loving you all. Each one of you are special and I enjoy getting to know you better. So keep coming back to chat! Today I made a card for my dear nephew who recently joined the Navy. He will complete his basics in a week or so, so I have got to get this in the mail toot sweet!! Here is his card:
May 22 - Brgy. Taguibo
Hello everyone....it's FRIDAY!!! Thank goodness...I wasn't sure I'd get through another early morning. It's been like 3 weeks and I'm still not used to getting up early in the morning to get Jodus ready to go to school. Today was a rough day to say the least. But it would have helped if I hadn't stayed up till 11pm watching Jersey Shore! No hating please!!! I don't have many outlets and watching mindless TV show's sometimes is one of those outlets....the other outlet.....CRAFTING of course!!!
So it’s been awhile since I ran in a competitive race........about 6 months to be exact!! I normally take the summers off from training, and the warehouse job I work on the weekends(most races are on Saturday,plus my 8-10 miles runs are always on Saturdays or Sundays) prevented me from training for and running a half marathon that I wanted to do this month.
Air Vice-Marshal Atha said he hoped the exercise would have “an effect on the mind” of any potential attackers, and added: “I would hope when they see how we are preparing they might be deterred from making any threats to the Games.”
I started by making the butter sauce. In a bowl using an electric mixer I mixed the butter, sugar, and salt until fluffy, then I added in the pineapple juice and mixed it a little longer. Then I placed the bowl in the refrigerator.
Now, the concert is over but the adventure has just begun. We walk over to the side of the building where the tour busses are parked and right away the security guy is like “you might as well go home they aren’t coming off the bus tonight.” But we’re like mmhmm nice try not leaving. One girl who was like all hard core fan with a huge HU tattoo on her back was like “it’s not even worth it to stay they said they aren’t coming out tonight,” and she left. I was like are you for serious? Clearly you’ve never done this before. But, we found people who have done it before and we knew from the A7X concert back in May when we waited for them for four hours. That was great, we started talking to them a bit when ohhey the tour bus door opens and yeah Johnny, J Dog and Da Kurlzz walk out. It didn’t even take them that long. But, the best part is a little while after the guys came out security comes back over and is like, “come on guys they said they aren’t coming out tonight you should just leave.” And we just stare at the guy like srsly, “they’re right there” and we pointed at them. He was like “oh, okay.” and walked away, awkward.
"What did you do with it?" he asked.
Instead of a nap Saturday afternoon, I had to hurry home and get ready to meet my sister, my brother and his girlfriend to see my cousin's band play at the LA County Fair.
Then he said, "When you looked at my picture, did you say, 'He's perfect?' " "Yes, Michael, we said that you were perfect for our family."
the width of the verruca was equally revealed to be somewhat alarming engendering the fear that the entire toe to which it belonged might be eaten through by the fibrous consuming warty mass
Never one to be beaten I replied “Well as a matter of fact he was so fit he even had a six pack on his back too.”
Be sure to check out Featuring! magazine submission guidelines, which was started by one of our lovely members, Marit. (I'm also happy to say that I was accepted as a contributing editor for the magazine.) Featuring magazine is looking for artwork submissions for the theme of "Applause", but there are other categories you can enter as well. I have a feeling this magazine is going to be full of delicious artwork.
Quinn's family's motto of home education was: if the children aren't interested in learning something, then for them, at that time, it isn't worth learning. We always learn what we want and need to learn when we want or need to learn it. Let your children decide for themselves in true freedom. If a child is playing video games for 12 hours a day it's either because life is seen as boring because we haven't provided enough stimulation and opportunities, or it's what the child needs to be doing in that moment. If a child has exposure to opportnity, and chooses video games, then it's right for them. (There's nothing wrong with a parent asking their child if they want to do something else, but it only really works if it's asked without expectation or manipulation.) Quinn spoke of the year he spent playing one particular video game for about 12 hours a day every single day. He said it was the best year of his life. He's rarely felt so alive, and said he learnt SO much in that one year from engaging in the game. And this was after he'd experienced a major spiritual enlightenment, and travelled the world having all sorts of wild and wonderful adventures!
And snarky things are even better to share. Bring it on, Gwyneth. I need to know more about "nourishing the inner aspect" because I am quite sure that I am not be doing that part correctly. And god knows I could probably do with some butt exercises.
Although lately, as I mentioned above, he has been napping for only 2 hours. Yesterday he slept until 7:30 & it was glorious, but he was still ready for his nap by 10:30 (I was going to try to stretch him to 11:00 but that wasn't happening) & he woke at 12:30 so the day's schedule followed as usual.
When it is time to sing, I'll give the plates to the children and ask them to read the quote. Teachers will need to quietly read the quote to those that cannot read and I’ve included the very short quotes to give to the youngest kids. I'll ask the children to listen carefully during singing time to find a song that matches the principle taught by the prophet on their plate. After we sing a review song, I’ll ask the children to stand up if they think the song matches the quote on their plate. We’ll read the quote and then repeat with another song. These are the quotes I’m using:
go along with
11. Oddfellows Local 151
I ended up gaining tons of weight, and couldn't fit into it for several years. Good thing I held onto it, cause it fits me better now than the day I bought it. But it needed something.
JUSTIN: You were born in London, England?
I’m of the don’t care category. I rather like America. In fact, Canada has a lot in common with America. I love the cheap prices, the mass consumption, the materialism – I love these things. I like eating McDonald’s. I love Hollywood movies. I don’t care what people think; that stuff is great. Oh, and Disney World. Man, I love Disney World. I’ve been to Disney World three times and I’m going back if I can help it. I grew up on that stuff. And I’ll bet the rest of Canada likes it too. Maybe not everyone, but I’m sure that there’s at least a few people out there who criticized America yet love what it brings to the table.
Chemical exfoliation will loosen the stickiness of the raisin layer allowing it to better release. Lactic acid, retinols, salicylic acid and poly hydroxy acids are all great choices. The power is in the combination of the physical and chemical working together. For best results, look for regimens that provide a synergistic approach that incorporates these ingredients into its steps.
A source close to Mr. Smith said the District Attorney was reluctant to prosecute the Anti-Defamation League because the group does many good things.
Below I will give my answers to the guiding questions on our Math Work Stations Book Mark that I got from Deedee Wills over at Mrs. Wills Kindergarten.
We’re on the journey towards our yearly
Birth, life and decay,
I don't have that.
“That” is redundant and reduces the flow of the line. The little things count, you know. I wouldn’t expect the staff of one of the more incompetent groups to know that, though.
Orval
I felt many things for Dinah. She never holds back and gives as good as she gets. As Zach puts it, “That girl can flatten a man’s ego faster than a ton of bricks.” At times I wanted to hate her and other times I wanted to shake her and slap some sense into her.
Remember all those lengthy lectures 13 months ago from our moral and intellectual superiors on the Ground Zero Mosque? Liberals insisted that we should be tolerant and support those all-American things like freedom of some religions, single moms, and the Prius. My how our liberal betters strutted and preened and clucked their tongues at us mouth-breathing, booger-eating, inbred, racist Tea Baggers for daring to suggest that maybe this was a bad idea. We must stand by basic American principles, they said.
Sam: Well, you said God protects everyone I love, and I love the cats so if they die, it means you lied.
I went to a brilliant lecture today - not at all a fine art lecture although it was NADFAS, it was about clowns and by a clown - this one. He started by telling us of his early life, building up to his first venture onto the stage as a 15-year-old schoolboy at a school entertainment, and then on to his National Service, entertaining troops and his first professional engagements. Then he showed slides of early circus shows from the 19th Century, bringing it more up to date with clowns he had worked with, and he spent the last 15 minutes on several brief acts wearing hat, wig and false nose as disguise. He is a brilliant mime artist, it was hilarious and the lecture was very interesting. He's still working, although he'll be 80 in September (I'm so glad the Sage wasn't with me, he never intends to retire, though I wish he would, and it would just spur him on).
The show has of course developed a massive cult and has the distinction of being the ONLY soap to come out on VHS and DVD in its entirety (of course, we’re only talking five years here, as opposed to the lifespan of Guiding Light, but still that is 1,225 episodes, all on disc!). It also was the first soap to widely be seen in reruns (a little research reveals that a Canadian show inspired by DS, called Strange Paradise got there first….)
So when it comes to having muffins enough to share, yummy enough to still want to hoard all 12 of them to yourself anyways, muffins that don't contain gluten or dairy and also don't break the bank we make our own. We have a few good recipes we've shared previously such as
I'm glad everyone's taking the day off to spend time with family and whut-not, but I sure wish I had a Fresh Express salad bag. The body needs roughage. And I'll be doggoned if I'm going to go to Randall's and pay the non-Remarkable Card price.
Most of all though, I think I miss the denial.
Charlotte: Australia?
15. The Unknown Quantity - All-Story Weekly 3 parts Aug 25, Sep 1, 8
A SILLY prank has seen a Tacoma man arrested after staff at a Tuggerah store thought they were about to be robbed, sparking a full-scale police operation which included calling in a helicopter.
The problem with defending others in Ohio and many other places is that even if you fear immediate death or serious bodily harm for someone else, you may not know whether they're at fault or failed to retreat when they were able to or should have. Now I'm in favor of Stand your Ground laws, but even in states that have such laws, you still can't be found to have "Advanced your Ground" and claim self defense.
I confronted him about it, he denied it, got mad at me for checking his mail.
But I would never say this to the offending person’s face because, frankly, I want people to be able to come to me with complaints and criticisms. I don’t want to be one of those people who is so prickly that no one ever gives them honest criticism and they never become a better person. On the other hand, if I’m going to be open to criticism, sometimes the criticism is going to be about things that I think are unimportant. Oh well.
South Korea back then crashed, and the government had to borrow from the IMF a bailout package as large chaebols (South Korean corporations) crashed and many South Korean companies shut down and became insolvent with the unemployment rate hitting the hundreds of thousands. As part of the IMF bailout terms, the government of South Korea had to bring in extremely painful austerity reforms/measures calculated to bring the South Korean economy back into shape and also restructured its banking and financial sector properly. What touched me then was how media and news reports reported that many South Koreans started donating gold to the government to help the country stand back on its feet. I rem vaguely seeing housewives and citizens donating out of their own free will personal gold jewellery and personal gifts on the tele and was amazed at their patriotism and sense of sacrifice.
I will say that is probably one of the most enjoyable, relaxing times I have had at the zoo. Gone are the days of a stroller, designated snack and bathroom breaks, and worrying about nap times. It was simply a purse, some sun tan lotion application before entering, and a small lunch bag I packed to enjoy at some spot along the way. We walked around at our own pace and just simply enjoyed the morning.
While the home is in remarkable shape for a building over three centuries old, standing on the shores of the Narrows provides a special challenge for preservation, and the grant it has placed with the Partners In Preservation program would help weatherproof the structure, with additional repairs to the chimney and roof.
13. Guyaholic Carolyn Mackler
because i can can can..
Part way through the gathering, Emi picked up a ukulele, and asked her friends to teach her some chords. Then she proceeded to not put down a ukulele for the rest of the time we were there (except for brief breaks to use the bathroom and sleep)! In three days, she went from having never played a stringed instrument to knowing several songs on the uke well enough that she could sing along with them as she played! I'd say that's passion driven learning at it's best, and yet another example that passion driven learning is the best kind there is.
The rain, it is like cats and dogs...
The Surfers are not going away. UCLA gets the ball and looks very classy making their way to the end zone. The WR, Fauria, for UCLA is looking like he is going to wreck shop all day. Old boy transferred from Notre Dame, good idea looking at how the Irish are playing against USF. Things are getting a little bit tight now. UCLA 14, UH 17, 2:50 left in the Second Quarter.
Sound: English DTS-HD Master Audio 5.1, Spanish DTS Digital Surround 5.1
So there are only a few people dumb enough to believe the Romney won’t be the nominee (most of them are a mentally impaired bunch of Communist Italian stock…Santor-something or other)
I have this thing for birds. Not any kind of birds, just cute little birds like the ones that hop around my garden.
My lovely friend had popped the infamous book in Bog Boy's book bag for me to collect at the end of the day. I was waving to him merrily as he came out of class when I noticed him delve into the bag.
“That for me?”
insomnia
And all of these people readily and enthusiastically agreed that the best place for Jaime Kay to be educated in September 2012 was at this state of the art centre for children with learning difficulties.
We, therefore, should not have taken at face value the official assessment of Iraqi strength in 1990, assessments which were quickly deflated as soon as we began the hostilities in 1991 which exposed the Iraqis as unable to defend themselves at all from our devastating sea, air, and ground attacks. Thus, the January 1991 debates both in Congress and in the country at large should have been far less concerned about the casualties we would suffer and much more concerned about the slaughter we would inflict upon the Iraqis.
Everyone was in a panic after the explosions, even the people with me and I, since we had no idea who caused the explosions and since the first explosion would have killed us all if I had not stopped & restarted the dream causing a non-nuclear explosion on the surface; but it seemed that all the zombie-like beings & alien-like beings were probably dead.
. . .prevent eating disorders and body image issues while reducing the stigma surrounding eating disorders and improving access to treatment. Eating disorders are serious, life-threatening illnesses - not choices - and it's important to recognize the pressures, attitudes and behaviors that shape the disorder.
Emma is one of her dolls.
Photographs by Langdon Clay to accompany text written by Gini Alhadeff for Architectural Digest. Architecture by WM. Richard McGilvray and interior design by David Whitcomb. I cannot cite the date of publication yet.
The Light of Christ!
These are, to say the least of it, potentially inflammable cultural variations. When exposed to each other, they have tended to cause friction, even massacre. Indeed, multiculturalism itself is a theory very easily blown apart by the empiricism of RR. But as long as such an area restricted itself to trade as a mutual binding agent (we could argue) then there shouldn’t be any trouble.
Pour the batter in the prepared pan
PS: a third letter follows.
The book itself is quite long at over 450 pages, so probably not one for younger readers who want a quick and easy read. But if you’re a confident reader looking for a more challenging story with beautiful language, and enjoy the kind of book that transports you to another world, you should love it – the Muse certainly approves!
My disappointment could just be due to the fact that I don’t wear fragrances, I hardly ever switch shampoos, and I’ve always preferred liquid soaps. Here’s another blogger who was very happy with her April 2012 Glymm Box! What do you think?
But Scripture says:
NOTE: I didn’t include a shot of me with the product on as you wouldn’t see anything noticeable as it is so natural and sheer. However I can add one if you wish, let me know in the comments below.
I once had a mystical vision of a giant bull walrus roaring through a whole in the arctic ice... this beast, all alone and trapped in desolate, freezing waters, but he breaks through the ice and lets out a huge roar into the empty white wilderness. With that roar, that blind raging shout of “I am,” the walrus becomes one with the cosmos. I knew I could stay happy and in the moment as long as I remembered the loud bellow of this mystical bull walrus. When I saw this film I recognized right away that Manny is the human version of this walrus. Hurtling towards death, frost on his big walrus mustache, howling into the void, Manny even manages a heroic gesture of selflessness before journeying into the final blast of white. One of Marlon Brando's favorite films.
All the above is hard fact, not supposition, and of course should be the basis of interviews with the seedy, lying psychopaths at the center of this demented, wrecking ball of a war that turned out to be a snipe hunt.
Since I've been making it for so long, I've tinkered with it a bit over the years. I topped this batch with a combination of brown sugar and quick oats (1/4 cup and 1/3 cup respectively), to give the loaf an extra bit of crunch and sweetness. (Another nice option is 1/4 cup of flour, 1/4 cup of brown sugar, 1 tablespoon of quick oats, and 2 tablespoons of butter rubbed together - this creates more of a crumble topping).
If you look, too
- Michael: Cannondale CAAD 9
… the Rocky Mountain Paranormal Society – their objectivity.
Fresh or canned orange slices, checked for seeds
Handsome, young, a bright white smile luring in the misses – he gets to first base, second base, terrific, and then ” I’ll be right back” – he goes to the kitchen to pop a pill, returns to the couch to neck some more, gives it some time for the pill to take its effect, then lights the candle in the bedroom.
3For I testify again to every man that is circumcised, that he is a debtor to do the whole law.
From me and my comfy butt.
Once upon a time there was a girl whose father and mother died when she was still a little child. Her godmother lived all alone at the end of the village in a little house, and earned her living with spinning, weaving, and sewing. The old woman took the orphaned child into service and gave her a pious upbringing.
I have an audition today. They are looking for “ordinary people.” I really tried to dress “ordinary:” no crazy colors, no giant belt, no bright headband, no wacky jewelry. Still, my husband laughed at my outfit and said that I’m “anything but ordinary.”
e. Pause indicator functioning like a comma, 現在呢事不同往日 Now, things is not the same as before.
Right. Why should punishment scare anyone? Just because it was effective for millennia. And the comment that tough sentences are “making an example” and that is not a part of juvenile law, does not change the fact that justice should be about protecting the people. But that seems to play no role here.
we all had super cheesy, perma-grins on the entire show.
I know many people in my life that would tell me to stop complaining...I got the second child, the son, I have always wanted...No. I don't. I love Lil Man, as a nephew. I will treat him as my own child. I will provide a loving, caring, warm, happy, healthy home for him...while he is here. This is not intended to be a permanent placement for him and I can not treat it as such. He has his own parents and they want him back.
.the image is downloaded from the online shop, and a double card.
“Look, we’re just the organisers, you’ll need to ask his label or his management about that. We’ve got enough to worry about — people are going to ask if we’re going to refund half the money, since Justin only performed half a concert. Understandably we’ll have to refer to our legal people. These are not exactly ordinary circumstances.
**ICA = Institute of Contemporary Arts in London
I still read aloud to my son. He is fourteen and I am reading The False Prince by Jennifer Nielsen to him before bed. I like to read and he still likes to listen, so it works for both of us.
“Boss, some guy says he's come for the prisoners,” called the man over his shoulder into the room.
I can’t believe it’s May! Several exciting events are happening in May and I can’t wait for the month to unfold. First up is the continuation of playoff hockey. The Blues (second favorite NHL team) lost again to the Kings, which means they’re down 0-2 in the series. I want them to win and advance to the Conf. finals because I really don’t care about any of the other teams still in it, at all. Hockey playoffs is the only time of the year when I wish I had a tv that received channels. I hate missing good games! The WBS Penguins lost the first game of their second round series against St. John’s last night. My mother has now decided to forget about Western Canada and focus on vacationing in St. John’s one day. I will admit, all the pictures she’s found online have been gorgeous. I guess if you have the weird kind of parents that I do, the ones who want to go on vacation somewhere cold and windy (preferably during hurricane season), and who watch the Weather Channel (while their children are being attacked by wild animals), and who (many years ago) decided (on a whim) to drive out to Niagara Falls through the night with 5 small children in a crowded old station wagon, you take what you can get when it comes to vacations. And St. John’s, Newfoundland, does have some sweeping vistas.
Pat Cadigan – My Brother’s Keeper
Perhaps we’re never truly able to experience the joy of freedom without weeping over what our bondage has cost us.
Obama has nothing good to say about Wall Street and the banking community. In response, the heads of many hedge funds that formerly donated to his campaign are now contributing to the Republican National Committee.
What’s next? Is it souvenir clothing–my grandmother’s sweaters, my children’s baby things or my own teeny-weeny 1970s apparel? Or will I go after the dozen boxes chock full of papers next?
Total Cost: $4.82
love him to a million pieces - he's my rock!
Bright blessings x
However, I also feel strongly that not every moment in a child's life has to be one of active learning. They need down time too, just like adults. If I were a parent of a child in school, I would be a lot more concerned with how much time my child is forced to sit down, sit still, pay attention, than with how much time he chooses to spend in front of a screen. At least in the latter situation, he's always free to get up and go to the bathroom or get a snack or stretch his legs.
* You actually like old mental institutions and prisons.
Happy Thanksgiving! I hope everyone has a wonderful day spent with friends and family. I look forward to my mom's turkey, stuffing, and pumpkin pie,though my favorite food served is the chips and dips. I don't diet on Thanksgiving, and nobody else should either.
So I reorganised part of the dresser and it now looks like this. I really will get around to painting it one day honest! Not sure about the mirror there but I got given it last Christmas and it's never really found a place.
While you are thinking about forming a definition of someone who is not a quitter, here are some things to consider about quitting:
From here on the journey becomes more mundane with industrial sites and multiplex cinemas clustering round the major crossroads with the A10 Cambridge Road and once en route towards Southbury and Ponders End the very large ASDA distribution centre. There is also a substantial Arriva bus depot but today we did not change drivers here – as we have on previous trips.
*all figures for the above from www.poverty.org.uk
96. Go golfing
Somebody's dog had worms.......
Voltaire in Candide literally puts his silly, naive, and innocent characters through a series of disasters only to have them conclude, "We must tend our own garden" (i.e., do good within our own community), for "all is not for the best in the best of all possible worlds" (Voltaire's answer to another philosopher, Leibnitz).
Bless- to bestow holiness on somebody or something
that is ours favourite time of the day :)
There are new interviews with actors Zbigniew Zamachowski and Julie Delpy. They talk about how they met Kieslowski and were cast in White. They both talk about working with the director and how he was very exact in his methods with no improvisation.
May the great spirit help us all, for he is the only one we can trust.
In other news, I also found that ABC News Online posted an article titled, “Foster Care System Faces Problems,” where Logan Nakyanzi discusses the “financial and human cost” of the growing half a million children in the foster care system today.
Ummm no. I hate to disappoint you, but that magnet's been there from the beginning of this design. My friend Debra got it at Disneyland and gave it to me for Christmas a couple years ago.
Meredith and Derek have been on and off since Season 1, and they finally start getting it together and they get engaged. Cristina and Owen are together, but he has issues with his PTSD leftover from Iraq. Meanwhile, Izzy and Alex are together, but Izzy has stage 4 melanoma, and she is dying. Her dream is to get married the traditional way, with a big fancy white wedding. So Mer and Der got married on a post it note and Alex and Izzy got married in a big fancy church wedding ceremony. Guess which marriage didn't last? That's right, the church wedding ended in divorce. Izzy left Alex after she almost died and couldn't take the emotional stress of having cancer. :( Sad cuz they were cute together, but it wasnt meant to be. Well Alex got a new gilrlfriend, Lexie, who also happens to be Mer's sister. There is a merger between Seattle Grace and Mercy West Hospitals, so a bunch of new doctors from MW come into the picture. Der becomes the Chief of Surgery. Mer is afraid to have kids with Der, because her mom had Alzheimer's and she thinks that she will get it and so will her future children. But Der convinces her to not worry about that, and whatever happens, happens. Derek and former Chief Webber (we'll just call him the Chief, its easier that way) treated a patient who had a brain aneuryism and became braindead. Her husband, Mr Clark, didn't want her to die so he begged Der and the Chief not to pull the plug on her, but she had signed a DNR, meaning she didn't want to live being dependent on machines to breathe for her. So legally speaking, Der had to turn off the machines and end her life. Lexie was the one to actually pull the plug - she turned off the ventilator, causing the woman to die. And of course Mr. Clark went crazy and tried to sue the hospital. But he had no case, so he had to leave. But a few episodes later, he was back - this time with a gun.
Gabi Stevens writes paranormal romances. Her next book, Wishful Thinking, is the third book in a series featuring fairy godmothers and will be released April 24, 2012. The first two books, The Wish List and As You Wish are available now. Gabi would love to share her books with new readers. One lucky winner will receive a copy of The Wish List and another will receive As You Wish Just leave a comment here and a way to contact you. Winners will be chosen March 1.
To be nobody but yourself in a world which is doing its best, night and day, to make you everybody else means to fight the hardest battle which any human being can fight; and never stop fighting.
Thank you to everyone who has sponsored me and supported me. And thanks to all who are going to before the 30th May.
“Hell, this is too good!” he chuckled and clucked to himself. His grotesque grinning mask loomed larger and larger by my window until he jumped on top of my hood and began slamming the scythe into the windshield. BAMBANGBAM! As he beat against the windshield he cursed and screamed. “Open up the door, bitch, and accept your punishment!”
Santorum: People know how much I
this time I made a boy's layout... and since I don't have a son, I asked my friend, Deasy ( I think most of you know her...:D ) for some of her son's pictures... (...chuckles...)
However, Since His Grace does not dwell in Iran, North Korea, Soviet Russia, Communist China or Nazi Germany, but occupies a place in the cyber-ether suspended somewhere between purgatory and paradise, he is minded to ignore that request. Who do these people think they are?
VELVET UNDERGROUND-Foggy Notion Single
“I do solemnly swear (or affirm) that I will support and defend the Constitution of the United States against all enemies, foreign and domestic; that I will bear true faith and allegiance to the same; that I take this obligation freely, without any mental reservation or purpose of evasion; and that I will well and faithfully discharge the duties of the office on which I am about to enter: So help me God.” (emphasis added)
● the installation or extension of a service or fitting which is
Sense and analytical judgement, however, had been submerged in tales of derring-do, marking the self-declared "successful mission". Typical of the period, we got Lieutenant Colonel Rufus McNeil, Comanding Officer 13 Air Assault Regiment, Royal Logistic Corps, declaring of those that had run the hazardous convoy, "Every one of the soldiers did fantastically well."
Mum's other major WIP is this celtic cross quilt. Here's one of the panels. The purple outline is all done by hand, it's amazing.
See what I mean about the colour? I don't know how else to describe it! It's been one week of Biotin and I'm ready for my nails to be long and strong again. As a former nail-biter it's hard to see short nails, it feels like all my hard work to stop biting went to waste. Ah well.
It is an oft-repeated cliché that reading can be a ‘magical’ experience. It is certainly a special kind of pleasure but sometimes I think ‘alchemical’ may be a more appropriate term, not least because it can rely on so many different factors: time, place and opportunity as well as disposition and emotional well-being. When one falls off the (bookworm) wagon, trying to fully understand why this has happened can be frustrating when taking into consideration so many potential factors. Was it fatigue from work, the sudden drop in barometric pressure … or something else? This malaise had been upon me recently and ultimately I decided to resolve the issue by giving up on the books I had been struggling with and instead find one that also dealt dramatically with some sort of existential conundrum that mirrored my own sense of lassitude. This is where Brackett’s novel comes in …
Next match will be Douglas Williams taking on Kurt Angle.
“The more I learned about it, the more fascinated I became,” he continued. “Number one, my thesis was exactly right, this revolt had been covered up for almost 200 years by very powerful people with very strong interests in keeping this secret. As soon as I found that out, I got even more excited.”… – Louisiana Weekly, 12-27-10
‘I know that. It’s easier to carry around that way. We get them in bulk in these big jars.’
Brutal home invasions by mostly young AK47 and panga wielding Blacks against defenseless White families are now a daily occurrence in Mandela's “rainbow nation”.
Most of the friends I have(and the blogs I follow)the children are being adopted internationally with special needs. Most of these children go right to their new parents within the first visit and love the extra attention they get from them. They come to look forward to their visits everyday and are understandably sad when they come to an end.
Plain and simple?
One lucky reader is going to win a brand new copy of this book! Just leave a comment below by midnight on Wednesday (April 11th) and you will be entered to win. That’s it! If you want an extra chance, tell your friends on facebook about the giveaway and leave another comment telling me you did so!
Then I started thinking…if you did a movie like that, would you even put it on your resume? How could you possibly make it sound like what you learnt is relevant to the corporate world?I feel like these are some of the things that these actors are now able to put on their resumes (which they will surely have to keep updated because none of them will ever find work in the film industry ever again….)
We also discovered a little gem called Taqueria de mi Ciudad which is a small bar that sells mini Mexican tacos and drinks. Now considering that we’ve been on the quest for good Mexican food this whole year this place is great because you can get small tacos for 1,50€ and a copa of vino tinto de la casa for 1,50€. Nice treat if you’re looking for a small, tasty snack!
The reason for the absence of change on my desk is because I’ve been doing things away from the desk (i.e. mostly on the recliner…) – I’ve done quite a lot more of my knitting, so I thought I’d show you that this week. I am now up beyond the armholes on the front, and it’s coming on well.
I second everything that Drew said. So I guess that it goes without saying that I'm thrilled silly to have a front row seat to witness a nation of the verge of political upheaval and economic collapse, a world that teeters on the brink of yet another violent conflict that breeds future generations of jihadists, and a world stricken by natural disasters that could amount to millions of deaths.
That's what's on my 'home' workdesk this Wednesday and 'here' where the dogs are...! Beats all that mess I usualy show you. So??? Want to join in? Easy! Just pop over the The Stamping Ground and sign in to the biggest crafty blog hop ever! This is on timer, hope to 'see' you when I get home!! Bye for now!
The Unresolved Controversy: Unity with Non-Evangelicals (2001)
There you have it. There were even people cheering on Savage. Sick.
Now, I've lost loved ones. I've been to the hospital and seen the sick and dying- and time always seems to stop for me when I am there. Life suddenly reveals itself to be just as fragile as it is. This experience was not unlike that except I didn't know these people and I could see a little clearer without having the fear for a loved one or friend involved. So, I walk through the doors , got checked in and instantly "felt" everyone looking and probably wondering, like I did about them, "I wonder what's wrong with her?", "Is she going to get good news or bad news?"...time seemed to slowwww down even as I found my seat.
Wednesday, January 18
Mr. Romney, in earlier years, had noted that the war on terror was bigger than getting any one man; and a statement like that can be misrepresented in just about any way that suits his political opponents.
"A regional summit failed to break a deadlock threatening a power-sharing accord in Zimbabwe on Monday, dashing hopes a deal could ease an economic crisis, officials said."
This is a heart file folder game where children can match the different colors of hearts to each other.
Some new characters were also brought into the fold and one was even developed eventually (Finnick). This was nice because these characters (in their limited capacity) were able to help establish Katniss and Peeta’s relationship even further. It felt like Katniss/Peeta had a true bond and only trusted each other though they were willing to work with others if it ultimately ensured their victory in the games.
When I write my mysteries set in ancient Rome, I like to use artefacts as clues. To come up with ideas for these clues, I play with replica artefacts made for me by my re-enactor friends. Occasionally I use the real thing; like the 2000 year old oil-lamp I used to take around to schools with me. I once filled it with olive oil, put in a wick and lit it. You'd think a little piece of string would burn up in a few seconds. But not if it's soaking in olive oil. Then it will burn and burn. When the oil begins to fail the flame flickers and grows smaller, but all you have to do is top up the lamp with oil and the flame burns brighter. Sadly, wear and tear took their toll on my Romano-Egyptian oil-lamp so I use modern replicas when I go to schools and festivals, like this oil-lamp (from the British Museum) with a four-horse chariot design. Today, if you go to a football game you might come home with a souvenir mug. In Roman times, if you spent a day at the Circus Maximus, you would buy a souvenir oil-lamp, daubed with the colours of your team: red, white, green or blue.
- The police was taken aback by the sheer numbers that turned up in the streets despite the weeklong scaremongering and arrests. They were caught unprepared. The best part of the rally was in front of Maybank building on Jalan Tun Perak, where the fearless crowd actually forced the FRU trucks to retreat.
So what did I do?
Visit www.befreetolearn.com or call 1-800-345-6644 to purchase your ticket today!
"His cartoon has absolutely no problem, he has drawn the MP exactly the way he is, even with his prayer mark," she said. "Actually the MP's cartoon looks better than the MP himself."
Yes, I said, my closet. Don't judge! She likes it in there... it is dark, and we have a sound machine, and a video monitor (remind me to tell you a story about that one...) and she likes it gosh darn it!
3. Embraceable You
Normally a farang will see the blood, the crashed scooter, the cracked helmets, and fork over a wad just pissing himself to get gone. Then me and Jae spend the next few weeks spending our good fortune sucking down beers and picking up waitress and masseuse rubes fresh off the upcountry bus.
1 attenuate
I love diamonds. He hated them – they’re forever, but they’re not free.
PS. I just want to take a moment to publicly thank all of the contractors, as well as the military, intelligence, and private military personnel who have graciously shared their knowledge and experience with me over the years. Their information has helped me to better understand the incredibly complex world that men (and women) like Kirk von Ackermann work in.
Activists of ideologically rigid parties could lead to a Manichean struggle. Depending on exact parameters of the model, we can conceive of circumstances when the activist might not be preferred. Let me translate than into English. Instead of the Sheikh League vs Zia Dal, will Bangladesh be really better served by a Naxalite vs Taliban politics?
On July 1, 2009, District Judge Jorge Solis ruled that the government provided “ample evidence to establish the associations of CAIR…and with Hamas,” justifying the label.
Beer and chocolate. Am I right? I am.
A: Yes, I have heard it a lot. When we first made our debut, (they said) I could not dance. To be honest, I have never dreamt of becoming an expert in dance or anything of that sort, and even now I do not have such hopes. If I say things like this, will the company not like it? Anyway, I do not like hearing things like “He can’t make it.”
I am giving away my popular "Making Connections Poster and Response Sheets" set. It is one of my best selling items and has been in the top 100 items sold on TpT! You can follow my store by clicking on the picture below.
Current Weight: 282.4
The Great Orme Tramway
The sweetened condensed milk is not traditional — or even strictly necessary — but it does creep up in some Dutch recipes. I like the additional smoothness and slightly cooked taste it lends to the finished drink, but feel free to omit it. Should you do so, add up to an additional ¾ cup of sugar. Likewise, if you just can’t get enough liquor inside you, this recipe will easily admit another 250ml/1 cup of 40% abv alcohol.
Stacey didn’t disappoint. Her characters, as always, were down to earth and funny. You hit this relationship not at its beginning but close to its boiling point. You’re literally waiting for these characters to implode! They’ve spent so much time trying to resist each other because of the nature of Claire’s first marriage that the tension is through the roof. Their relationship, both physical and emotional, comes together very realistically. Though this is the shortest title in the collection I never felt as though the progression of their relationship was rushed. And they were given time to deal with the emotional ramifications of their attraction. When this one ends you’ll find a Happily Ever After, not just because the Author tells you there will be one…but because you can see it for yourself in the character’s new-found understanding.
Projects to work on now.
Today, I need to make a trip to Walmart (I wish I was ready to start extreme couponing ... I wouldn't be so opposed to the idea!) for some basics. Being out of sugar means we can't make tea - oh no! A disaster in this house. After that, the aforementioned books. Not looking forward to it. But it needs to be done!
I’m fed up of people who claim to ”know me” It bothers me from the depths of my soul,YOU don’t know me, nor do you know who I am, You only know what I tell you if you haven’t spoken to me how do you know anything at all?. It’d mean the world to me if someone actually took the effort to delve deeper and get to know me for who I am. I’m not one of those people who portrays my life as an open story, I take pride in who I am, And I honestly thank god for the mind he gave me. I’m 16 and I’d say I’m a somewhat knowledgable person, I’ll admit I don’t portray a very put together side of me since I simply enjoy acting like a child and having fun. I don’t mind if you think I’m immature I don’t care if you think I’m stupid or silly. What bothers me is when people think I’m ”vain” Or ”shallow” You didn’t take the time to go deeper (that sounded so wrong lol) You didn’t take the time to get to know me, then you’re gonna go and call me shallow? really. I’m a girl Of course I care about how I look if I said otherwise believe me I’d be lying, Do I want to be sexy? Hell yea I want to be sexy.BUT that isn’t the only thing I want in life, nor is it the most important thing to me. I have an acute (perceptive) personality I know what most people think about me, I choose not to let it get to me. At the end of the day as long as I know who I am and god knows who I am what anyone else thinks won’t matter. I can’t say it doesn’t bother me when people make assumptions about me but I know that they are assumptions and that’s all they will ever be. They aren’t something that will destroy my life, judging people is honestly such dissolute behaviour. No matter how you explain it or put it, in my mind it is just morally corrupt if you want to know something about someone then ask them don’t judge them before you know the truth, it just makes you look like a pernicious fool.
22Then Joshua sent for them, and said to them, Why have you been false to us, saying, We are very far from you, when you are living among us?
With an electric mixer with a whisk attachment, whip egg white mixture until stiff peaks form.
Hope this helps Kelsey! And I hope this feedback is insightful for our readers as well! I know it was for me. HUGE thank yous to our Spies and Analysts and to Kelsey! I know how scary it can be to put your work out there. Thank you for sharing this with all of us!
You know what I really wanted while watching the previous Wrong Turn movies? To know how the inbred freaks started out. I guess, that’s what the filmmakers thought, but who the fuck cares? They’re not interesting characters and you know what they did before they killed people? They killed other people. I didn’t need another movie to make it clear.
balloonist and metal worker,
Temperatures and humidity soared from cool, moist 60′s to the high 90′s. Ticks and mosquitoes are out in droves, making gardening more of a chore than bliss.
Finally it tells me. Leo is my ascendant. But that is just the constellation: there are no planets in it! Perhaps my Ascendant is The Void, and I will attain Enlightenment.
Anderson writes:
I recently tried one of the Noir Blanc compact eyeshadow called S105 Winter Sea (picture in the middle in the photo above). I've never heard of this brand before, but the packaging is so simple and pretty~ It's a black case and a lacy design bordering the bottom and a chandelier hanging from the top of the pallete and sitting in the middle. Very cute~
The title is your audience’s first impression of your work, so it has to be extra clever in order to grab their attention. I always left choosing my title till the very last moment, and often went back to change it. I thought I did well choosing titles for my blogs, but they could always be improved. The structure of my work improved throughout the semester. Initially, I had no idea how to input pictures or video into my posts, and the flow of my work was less than appealing. The following 5 posts were the ones that my partner, Lindsay, helped me edit, but after reviewing my blogs again after telling Lindsay which ones to comment on, I changed my mind. I will list the 5 posts I want to submit at the end of this post.
The next days and weeks were filled with happy homemaking- pulling up carpeting and staples, scraping up glued down carpet pad, painting five bedrooms, hanging new mini blinds, unpacking the poorly packed boxes. I hope to never have a company pack us again…I found an apple core, from their lunch that day, I’m assuming?!?
"So, you fell asleep during lunch bunch?"
3) In case I haven't been reporting this well enough, which I probably haven't, Sweet Pea's reading skills seem to be increasing daily. She is one motivated learning reader and is really really enjoying her successes. We do read with our kids every day, and work with Sweet Pea to teach her to read, but she is so interested in learning right now that we have found other ways to encourage her to keep learning even when we can't sit with her ourselves.
Having the middle name Hussein may not be a bar to becoming leader of the free world, but certain other things are, and questions relating to those “other things” remain unanswered. Indeed beyond being unanswered, the very questions themselves are censored, as if the entire international media have become a version of Pravda from the 1960's where uncomfortable facts are airbrushed from the news.
Getting a dog affirms the memory and love of all previous dogs. When a person dies, does one refuse to have anything more to do with people? I hope not. The more animals you care for in life, the better a time you will have in heaven. Those who refuse to have pets here on earth will get off the bus in heaven and will have no one to welcome them. They will be like the poor saps who get off the plane and have to walk through the crowd alone to the rental car, eveyone looking at them and saying sorrowfully, "nobody loves him".
Contagious?
For this Blog Hop, I'm doing things a little differently - so read on for the scoop:
Well in doing my research I find that although women outnumber men they are pretty close in the percentages of the voting public. Women are currently about 51% of the voters out there. But the largest block by percentages of those women voting is the older – 75+ years old woman (voting in larger percentages than her same age male counterparts – along with highly outnumbering them in this category). The lowest voting block of women (also the largest) is the 18-25 group. The rate at which they vote improves greatly when they age and there does not seem to be any studies as to why that is. The single women’s groups vote Democratic mostly and the Married groups vote Republican more often. Does this suggest that that once they get older and have responsibilities, reality sets in they see the advantageous of being in control of their own lives?? Their children’s lives??
as they claim
MANILA, Philippines — Having a twin certainly has its perks and benefits, as evidenced by the discovery made by a socialite, who has meticulously studied and observed the movements and mannerisms of celebrity twins Richard & Raymond Gutierrez over the past couple of months. His findings are surprising and shocking to say the least.
Jews were expelled from all French colonies, including Haiti, in 1683. Israel was one of the first countries to send aid this week.
“Good grief woman!! Will ya quit wearing your socks in the bed???!!!! I just killed about a dozen little blue fuzzies that were stuck to your sheet!!!!”
Did someone then put two and two together?
Ever found yourself walking past shops in the busy side of town, minding your own business and looking for a good bargain? Of course, you have.
At any rate, I guess by now you have an idea of where I am heading with all of this.
When the main expedition loses contact with this party, Dyer and the rest of his colleagues travel to their camp to investigate. The camp is devastated and both the men and the dogs slaughtered, while Gedney (another member of the sub-expedition) and a dog are missing. Near the camp they find six star-shaped snow mounds, and one specimen buried under each. They discover that the better preserved life forms have vanished, and that some form of dissection experiment has been done on a deliberately unnamed man and a dog. Dyer elects to close off the area from which they took their samples.
N: Well, your twitter account has been very successful at reaching out to them. (Boom boom!)
All of my digital stamps are originally created by me and of the multiple styles I offer, most are hand-drawn images. Some are brushed up in Photoshop using the pen tool to produce very clean lines and others are left with a sketchy, rustic, hand-drawn look. An additional digi-style is one that I’ve dubbed as PhotoSketches and these are images from my own photographs which I transformed into sketches with a little help from Photoshop. These beauties make splendid realistic images for stamping!
Strong Out Deeper Than The Night (melodic version) starts up after the quick fade - both guitarists adding some angular stabs before submitting to the bass melody. Mizutani sounds strong belting out the lyrics as Fujio adds some surf guitar stabs to the proceedings between comping chords - they even get into some wonderful atonal dueling solos between verses. At 13 minutes this is a decent version.
I use a 9x13 metal cake pan. I feel the metal freezes the mixture faster and keeps it from melting if I take it out of the freezer to stir it but I usually stir and rake the mixture in the freezer. I also keep a fork in the freezer for convenience.
Wait for it .....
My to do list for the entry way:
Hiya all....I am back with my second post today with my last two Easter cards and sorry it's that very cute duck called lillie again, this time playing hide and seek.
I position myself over the table so I can subtly bleed on him
Where you find young people more often than not you shall find binge drinking, especially in areas with universities. According to the Office for National Statistics there were 8,790 alcohol-related deaths in the UK during 2010.
In peace and love
You. Are. The. Job. Professional distance is a biggie. Just as you can expect French friends to take longer to warm up to you, your colleagues may not give you the welcome you expect from day one. In France, people probably won't ask you how your kids are, wait, in fact, most don’t give a rat's ass if you have a family and probably prefer you not mention it.
For the day the SPX/DOW were +0.20%, and the NDX/NAZ were +0.60%. Bonds gained 7 ticks, Crude added 15 cents, Gold rose $4.00, and the USD was lower. Support for the SPX remains at the 1386 and 1372 pivots, with resistance at the 1440 and 1499 pivots. Short term momentum hit the highest overbought condition since mid-March. Last night the FED reported the M1-multiplier declined, but the Monetary base rose.
But a Renderer of the Will and a creature of myth have come to guide them through a world now rife with political turmoil, rumors of war, an insidious human trade, and the dark creations that hunt them. Tahn and his companions race to see if the restoration to him of all his own dark secrets will end his unnatural life or prove him their one last hope.The author also has an early book trailer up on his site, plus maps, and a few illustrations of the characters. The series is planned to be a trilogy at this point with books released a year apart.
I've also learned that "The Center for Disease Control and the American Academy of Pediatrics are filled with doctors whose research, speaking engagements, and travel are often funded by the manufacturers of vaccines. Many of these same doctors are paid consultants, and some later go to work full-time for the pharmaceutical industry."- Straight out of the book. What do you think of that?
Last night we were in a line up of about 8 and only then because the doors were about to open. My friend didn't want the front row but the table was open and, well, I'm a front row kind of gal!
Take a neutral 3.5 inch square and draw a line diagonally corner to corner on the wrong side. I use a Hera marker, but a water soluble fabric marker works too. Match this neutral square with one of your 3.5 inch tangerine squares, right sides together.
Giles aw12 photograped by me for Avenue 32
Named after Cindy and Jerry, who love dining in Paris and know more about it than anybody I've met (despite the fact that they live all the way across the world in California!), the C and J Restaurant Review will be an opportunity for me to post about and review restaurants that I visit in the City of Lights. I've been to some great ones, so this is going to be lots of fun!!!
ROCK OF AGES – JUNE 15
BTW, in case you’re wondering where you’ve seen Mary McCormack before (like I did for nearly the entire first season of the series), it might have been in one of my very favorite movies, Deep Impact…
Golf
Relying on the TiVo, Paice and Visto cases, Buffalo argued that, since eBay, district courts have typically granted injunctive relief in favor of competitors but denied injunctive relief to non-competing licensors. The court rejected this argument:
Another collagraph, one I actually like :p
There are some interesting touches to this film. One is the cinamatography. Camera angles give this basic film a rather unsettling sensation, adding what I felt was a touch of sophistication. Close-ups, views from the ceiling looking downward on the entire room, and corner shots keep the viewer a bit unsettled, almost creating a feeling of unfamiliarity and nervousness that the characters were likely feeling themselves.
Bheem (strong and brave)
Justifying my sin because of the lesser consequences than fornication.
18. Catcher in the Rye - J.D. Salinger
About 2000 of the New Democracy party faithful turned out to hear Antonis Samaras address a pre-election rally. Like PASOK the turnout was lacklustre, miniscule compared with the numbers previous party leaders were able to attract in the past.
Karin Toppig / vocals
So, after recently closing my blog, I sit and watch the London riots in frustration and ask myself ...Why the hell did I close my Blog?
Hope Springs hits theaters this August and is sure to make a splash. Last August, The Help dominated the late summer box office and proved that women have a place in summer movies. Could lightning strike twice? Only time will tell, but Streep is definitely a crowd pleaser and will draw filmgoers of all kinds. Check out all the heartwarming shenanigans below.
Did you do anything fun this weekend? What's your go-to wedding outfit?
(Left to right)
More to follow on LTYM later, including links and pics and stuff.
‘Ugg, that’s brilliant. Why hasn’t anyone thought of doing this sort of thing before?’
So, I am going to start down a new path for self improvement and home improvement.
My angel was Jen Sue Wild. I love her blog, by the way. Not to get side tracked, but I have a secret admiration for Jen Sue and maybe it's because we both have faith, a big family and husbands who are still our sweethearts. If only I had half the energy she has... Anyway, back to the package. I had so much fun opening it and it was perfect. The word was BELLS for Bundle, Evergreen Tree Cookie Cutter, Lovely Tissue Cozy, Lotion, Socks. (How could anyone but an angel know that I like fun socks)
Im sure you are familiar with the Yeats poem but the theme is the desire for escape from the hardships of this world and the quest for immortality. Byzantium is that place in Yeats poem, I see us in that quest on a different level and also taking a different route to this place as we are not mainstream therefore the backroads as opposed to the main road.
The whole pilot plays like one big ‘top this’ exercise as each explosion and rescue tries to top the last. Trauma even use the ol’ “he can’t breathe! Quickly cut a hole in his throat!” medical technique that has already been used this season in Mercy. Hell, it was in the pilot for Sea Patrol as well. Do writers not know any other emergency medical procedures other than the cut a hole in somebody’s throat and shove a straw in to help them breathe technique?
In My Mailbox is a weekly meme hosted by The Story Siren, where we spotlight the books that we've received for review, swapped, or purchased that week. It's a really great idea and I'm excited to take part! :)
Otto Warburg won a nobel prize in 1931 for discovering that cancer cells are hypoxic, or low in oxygen. He formulated the metabolic deviation of malignant tissue from normal tissue by comparing anaerobic glycolysis to cell respiration.Research Scientist Dr. Merrill Garnett used this platform plus thirty years of his life’s work to discover the lipoic acid/palladium (LAPd) complex, sold as Poly-MVA. It kills cancer cells by transferring electron energy to a hypoxic cell’s metabolic cycle. This is done in part by targeting the PDH enzymes, a primary source of tumor-specific alteration to energy metabolism.German Physician Ryke Geerd Hamer, originator of THE NEW MEDICINE explains how cancer can originate from a severe, highly acute-traumatic, and isolative conflict shock-experience. The content of the conflict arises associatively, is set up through involuntary thoughts, and the when the shock occurs, it goes right past the filter of our intellectual understanding. I used to think I was smart because I had learned stuff about cancer. Used to think I was pretty cool when I could rattle stuff off about my treatments and health. I used to think it was funny that I knew more about glioblastomas than my oncologist. I thought it all nice and dandy that you have to be your own doctor these days. But that’s changed, and sometimes I wish none of the above paragraphs apply to my life.
As the result of this security breach, the firm moved its billing system to a new server and changing the encryption algorithm used for both staff members logins and client data.
**Medieval Times is seriously one of the best experiences I've ever had. The thing that makes it so much fun is that there are NO RULES. The show wasn't ruined with lots of "turn off your cell phone!" and "quiet down, everyone" announcements. Guests could walk in and out of the stadium as they pleased. Bartenders were sent out to take drink orders several times during the show.
When I first joined Facebook, like many new members, I hadn’t a clue what to do, so I became a moderator of an almost defunct writing group called the Suspense/Thriller Writers. Sounds ho-hum, doesn’t it? But it was that simple. I was trolling around the site, looking for groups that might interest me, and I stumbled on that particular group. It had eight members at the time. On the right sideboard was a button that said, “become a moderator of this group.” I was curious what becoming a moderator would entail, so I clicked the button. And that’s how I became the moderator of the group. To make it a viable group, rather than a typical Facebook group where people just posted book covers and other promotional bits, I decided to have weekly discussions.
#4: Disclosing inventions without a nondisclosure agreement, or before the patent application is filed.
In 1993, with complaints about Father Murphy landing on his desk, Archbishop Weakland hired a social worker specializing in treating sexual offenders to evaluate him. After four days of interviews, the social worker said that Father Murphy had admitted his acts, had probably molested about 200 boys and felt no remorse.
A work of art on a spruce wooden block measuring 2.5 inch square, 1.5 inch in height. All artworks in the exhibition are in one standard format. We will provide each participating artist wood blocks as their canvases.
pure whiskey’s poesy slime,
Then my invisible companion shall silently speak my secret name, and my feet shall approach him on the soft mossy ground under the holy trees that drop their leaves onto our hair until we are dappled in green, and the midnight mist will sing and swirl around us. Then he will reach for my two hands with strong palms and his dovelike eyes will study my face, and we will dance and laugh like angels, and Fear will be terrified of us and Sorrow will laugh out loud.
-booking our next trip to Penang on Monday (two weeks from the end of March 2012)
Mission of the week: I am going to attempt to buy absolutely no groceries for 7 days - with the exception of a few necessities if I absolutely need them (limited to eggs, greek yogourt and one or two fresh vegetables.) I believe that by posting this here, on the internet, where millions of people can read it, my commitment to my experiment has become slightly more real. Yeah, that's right, I said millions.
As a child, I also enjoyed Welsh folk tales, and from classical mythology I found Pandora’s Box particularly impactful. I was intrigued by the idea that she was said to have been the first ever woman, and you can’t fail to empathise with her desire to open the box, and share her horror when she realises she’s responsible for unleashing evil into the world.
I need a night off from dogs. But just to keep you looped... Wayne pulled Fritz and Gunner out today, was almost a cat slaying, but all good now. New WGSPR vol Laura is picking Gunner up in Madison tonight, he is very afraid, very skinny. Nice project. We probably have to call off moving Dusty this weekend, as we have blizzard conditions moving in.
I'm now curious to see what it'll be tomorrow morning before breakfast.
So what does Section 2 have to say about the above?
Someone always falls and that way the Bolts get the best value for the pick whereas filling a need might be a reach. OLB Whitney Mercilus would be my choice, but again, it’s wide open here.
To hear of some ones pains and to see who they turned into by choice is amazing, and then when you see them use there pain and experiences to do something they truly feel will help others is amazing. But the thing is just because some one feels its helping others doesn’t mean it is, but when you see that they are helping others that’s the amazing thing.
I find it hard to believe that the press in the UK would be as respectful of the family's privacy as the French have been.
Chief Seattle
cotton balls
and has been helpful...
When I joined Weight Watchers back in November, it was motivated by frustration. I was frustrated with my eating and frustrated I couldn’t fit into some of my favorite clothes. It’s helped me more to manage my eating disorder than it has helped me to lose weight or resolve it (I still would recommend it though, it is a great program just not for where I’m at).
And then God answered our prayers, blessed us beyond our wildest dreams and gave more of His amazing Grace, this time in the form of a tiny human.
A possible solution…
Elisabetta Canalis surprised everyone by rebounding with Jackass star Steve-O following her split form George Clooney. But, she has been dumped again…Steve O has been focused on his sobriety and apparently just grew tired of Elisabetta’s wild ways and simply thought she was just a bad influence. Elisabetta loves to party and Steve O just couldn’t jeopardize it. His parting gift to her was setting her up with a group of sober women so Elisabetta can get clean as well. He supposedly thinks she has a problem as well.
Nate: Yes. Mama, I didn't like that test.
As I've mentioned recently, working with an intern is so good for my thought processes. Walking down the hall with my class from lunch we passed a bunch of artwork on the floor drying. The kids were walking really close to the art and I almost said something to them. Something made me hesitate and I kept my mouth shut, luckily. They were walking so close because they were trying to see the art. They were very careful and respectful.
7) What they wanted to be when they grew up
Nifty ended with a loss of 45 points but did not breach the support level of 5300. In the immediate term the level of 5300 continues to remain as a support for Nifty. Only a breach of 5300 may drag it down till the recent swing low of 5268 and below that there may be further sell off till 5190.
"Tomorrow, When the War Began" by John Marsden
I have been trained as a mentor for the Self Determination Consumer and Family Group of Pennsylvania and as a mentor for Parent to Parent of North Central Pennsylvania. I am a certified facilitator of Essential Lifestyle Person Centered Planning and been trained as a Parent Presenter to speak to colleges and educators in general regarding parent advocacy, special needs, disability sensitivity, etc.
That’s right, all of the glory and none of the pain. In a small kitchen, even a simple pie crust is typically out of the question. Really anything that requires rolling out dough usually gets vetoed. So when my good friend Vanessa shared this recipe with me, I knew I’d found my perfect match. It’s called a “Swedish” Apple Pie.
I already did Help Support Independent Publishers,, but feel free to stop by and comment in a discussion anyway, especially the one where we are posting the first sentences of our books.
It has been the coldest, wettest and windiest spring that I can remember.
When the cooking onions look shiny and appear to be softer in texture, add the crushed garlic and keep stirring with the wooden spoon often.
And talking of prizes...we have this super cute little miss to give-away to one lucky winner who will be chosen at random and announced next Saturday
Hiro: "Arizona...were you born & raised in Texas?"
The pink one with flowers, well it holds backups of personal stuff and important spreadsheets.
She’s really no different than The Duggars, except that they are screwing the taxpayers on the back end for not using the ‘aspirin between the knees’ method. Tax write-off is the same as front-end welfare. The taxpayers pay either way.
so as now we have Data in DataSet and we have manupulated the data, we have inserted some new record, updated some record and also deleted some record. now the data still is in local cache and is not updated in the database.
4 DAYS TO GO
We've got warm weather on the horizon this week. Hallelujah! I made homemade cinnamon rolls for breakfast this morning and had to quickly get all the windows open because it was getting so warm in the house. So for that reason I'm digging out the crock pots (yes I have 2) this week to get dinner on the table without heating up the house. I found a great book that I'm getting all the recipes from. You can find more info on it here.
When I was a child caravanning holidays were very much the done thing. I can’t even begin to recall the amount of time I must have spent as youngster in what we laughingly refer to as the height of British summer listening to the rain hammer against the tin lid of some ghastly, probably infested rented tin can on wheels whilst being forced to play family card games until the weather lets up enough that we can go back outside and visit some crumbling castle or a craft fair. British caravanning is monumentally dull. The only notable thing that ever happened to me whilst staying in a caravan was I fell off a small craggy outcrop whilst chasing a goat. I was warned repeatedly, this was entirely my own fault. But the point remains; again, neither sexy or cool.
Confession: I like the song “I Won’t Give Up” by Jason Mraz.
Fatty Acids – Can be one or any mixture of liquid and solid acids such as caprylic, lauric, myristic, oleic, palmitic, and stearic. Used in bubble baths, lipsticks, soap, detergents, cosmetics, food. Alternatives: vegetable-derived acids, soy lecithin, safflower oil, bitter almond oil, sunflower oil, etc.
But Maricopa County, Ariz., Superior Court Judge Michael McVey threw out their lawsuit because federal law prohibits marijuana possession for all reasons.
To find a great love, to seek it and to gain it.
www.successformula.co.nz
What gets really tricky is that accepting myself as I am includes accepting that I have them.
The next time I checked the trunk, however, I discovered that the feisty little sucker had climbed back inside my LeBaron, sometime before I'd left the flea market that day!
To be considered, please attach a description of the program you are enrolled in and your resume when completing the online application. We want to know what experience you have whether its in a class room setting or work environment.
The Dangerous DSM-5 Bereavement Exclusion Train Must Be Derailed BEFORE It Causes Permanent Harm To Unsuspecting Grievers
Run 400 meters
In the new job I’ve had for the last 5 months, there is a lot to do, and there is no way I can do everything in the official number of hours per week. In addition to this, no procedures are written and it’s a real mess in the files in the computer, so I spend much time looking for the information and ways to do thing. On top of this, the team has changed so much in the last 1.5 year and keeps changing so there are no habits of work, no clear view of who is in charge of what for many things, and we have a hard time building consistent actions together. To add some spice to it, interns change often, come for 1 week, 2 months or 4 months, so that’s a lot of time and energy welcoming them, explaining things and learning to work with them before they leave. As a bonus, the director who has been in his position for less than a year comes from a university and is not used to running a business (althgouh non-profit, it’s a business) on an everyday basis, with objectives to meet and a team to manage.
Twitter is meant for socializing which means the majority of your stream should either be about “them” or about “us.” This means that you want to have more two-way communications and also to tweet information that will be beneficial for them as well. Having a stream that is all about “me” is not going to be as popular, and less people will likely want to follow. They will get tired of being “sold to” all the time.
Here are some resources for you to check out:
* Accountant-Budget-Tax Manager
“But the taker never changes,” Luke says, though he wonders if this is always the case.
With Easter fast approaching, I thought I would make our challenge this week simple. Easter means so many different things too people for example: easter eggs, bunny's, Jesus, chocolate (yummy :) ), flowers...so I would like to challenge you to do something for Easter!!
by the spectacular Portobello chinoiserie by DeGournay
Charlie, Emily, and the narrator Raymond are life-long friends since they were university students in London, mainly had shared their time on talking about music.
So it is permissible to sacrifice the male or female sheep or goat, and this is best. As for sacrificing other animals then the scholars have differed over this.
Telephone:
Eye Shadow - Top 12 Tips On How To Apply It Perfectly
And sadly, that's about all I can remember from our trip. The rest of the time I spent curled up in bed. Whaaaa-whaaa.
took his FIRST STEPS! 3 in a row!
I went. I saw. I screamed. What a load of tosh it was! I know the following lines will make me sound about a hundred and twenty years old. Yet, they must be said: in my days, people were just NOT allowed to send out such pointless nonsense. We used to strive to get the words, grammar and content right. And crisp. I am not saying it was all top notch. However it was never this terrible either. We had a sense of pride and satisfaction about a job done well.
I am once again an American Mom in America.
My upcycled ball jar light, alongside modern Kartell wall lights.
The Democrat Party has successfully portrayed the Republican Party as wanting nothing more than to put widows, orphans, and all others out on the street. It is pure demagoguery and it reflects the torrent of lies President Obama told throughout his campaign and since his election.
—NDSAP Program, Point 24, 1920
17. What one thing would have made your year measurably more satisfying?
Whipped Cream Frosting:
A woman is someone who can stand on her own feet – when the man she is with is too busy to tend for her needs.
When Cena’s arm was being destroyed little kids were crying everywhere. They were standing up and yelling at Tensai, Sakamoto, and Laurinaitis that they “sucked” (I heard this word more last night than I have the rest of the year) while tears streamed down their faces. Awww, so precious.
So, she sat silently, staring through the bars at the thief, who stared silently back. Occasionally one of them glanced away, but there was nothing else to look at. With the room only lit by a couple of candles, there wasn't even enough light to count spiders. The thought sent a shiver down Pevan's spine, and she sat forward in case there might be a spider on the wall behind her. Her eyes stayed fixed on Van Raighan, though, but for blinking.
How do I know that this is bad news for Canada’s environment? An executive at Canadian Oil Sands Ltd. said that he is “encouraged by the current thrust toward regulatory reform.” If the people behind the most environmentally devastating industrial project on the planet like the changes, I’m concerned.
Its fleece was white as snow
Let's just put today under the category of injections/bad reactions/headaches/days I would just as soon forget.
Well this picture will explain that:
In the early years of Islam, after the Hijrah to Medina,there were 3 major wars that were waged against the Muslims by the people of Mecca i.e the battles of Badr (624 AD), Uhud (625 AD), and Khandaq (627 AD).
So the 3 mentioned above are my primary divination techniques, I am familiar with other divination techniques as well but these are the ones I am most comfortable with.
I do admit, however, that it's time to say farewell.
lures of fabled gold.
The Supramental Being will have a command of a king capable of changing All That which is against the Harmony of Life so that one can not only bring the abundance in ones own life but be effective in the outer world as well.
losing as shown by the ease with
Cut off the piggy tails from the radish babies. Scrape off the outer skin gently with a blade of your knife. On the base, where the white meets green stems, remove all the soiled part of skin by cutting off a little.
Once we could fit no more sourdough in our stomachs, we strolled over to Ghiradelli Square. Along the way, we passed several artisans and Sara bought a few more pairs of earrings. I’ve been to Ghiradelli Square a few times, but it’s just not my thing. It is way too touristy. I love Ghiradelli chocolate, who doesn’t, so if I do go to Ghiradelli Square, I get my free sample from the chocolate shop and get the hell out of there, away from the throngs of people and bad jazz music. However Sara had heard from various friends that to have an ice cream sundae at the Ghiradelli ice cream shop is a must-do in San Francisco, so Holly and I gamely accompanied. Eyeing the menu, still full of soup, we figured a sundae would be way to much, and just went with a scoop of ice cream and fudge and some salted caramel hot chocolates. Like Boudin, there were long lines, but they seemed to move pretty quick. Finding a table was a bit of a challenge, but Holly wisely asked a family that looked done if we could have there table, and we sat down just a few minutes later to wait for our order. And waited. For an hour and a half. For 3 hot chocolates and a scoop of ice cream. At the 45 minute mark I asked about our order, trying to keep my bitch face in check, and again 20 minutes after that. I guess our order had been lost? It was all busy and confusing, and we were all starting to get headaches and naseuated from breathing in the layer of sugar in the air for so long. Finally, we got our order. . . . and it was delicious. Salted caramel is such an amazing combination by itself, made better by hot chocolate. The ice cream was smothered in dark chocolate hot fudge which made for a bittersweet combination. All in all though, I’m not sure it was worth such a wait. But now I can say I’ve had ice cream at Ghiradelli’s!
Bruning didn’t even have to try to belittle him. The truth was harsh enough.
Do certain things embarrass you? Do somethings make you feel shameful?
Today: Jake is coming home from college. He had a difficult week in NYC, as he
Jon Woodward, communications manager at Noah’s Ark Zoo Farm said: “Although saddened by the loss of such a wonderful and majestic animal, a favourite of many of our staff, we are secure in the knowledge that everything possible was done to care for him.”
Recently, CoreLogic reported delinquencies were down, with the share of borrowers nationally that were more than 90 days late on their mortgage payment, including homes in foreclosure and REO assets, dropping to 7 percent in March 2012 from 7.5 percent a year ago.
Keep in mind many petty thieves, auto burglars, residential and commercial burglars, paper thieves, and hustlers will get to that point and decide not to become armed robbers. Most will. It is a special group of outliers who decide threatening to kill people for a few dollars is the way to go.
Atheist Leader Calls Contraception a ‘Constitutional Right’ & Dubs the Bible a ‘Grim Fairy Tale’
One of my favorite doll couturiers, http://brokenhearttart.com/, made me two Egyptian outfits so I could dress one of my girls up to match my Egyptian boys. She made me a lovely more historically inspired outfit, but we also decided (based on some fun fabric she found) to do a 60s inspired one, sort of a la Cleopatra/Elizabeth Taylor.
Even though the Lakers won without Kobe Bryant today, you have to expect that once Kobe comes back, the rest of the Lakers will go back to watching Kobe take on 5 defenders. Kobe Bryant is one of the greatest basketball players to ever play the game but he needs to realize that the Lakers have a lot of help for him. He should let the Laker bigs dominate the game for 3 and a half quarters and then take over in the last 6 minutes of each game. Now that Derek Fisher is gone, it is very important for Kobe to be a vocal leader. He has some very talented young players on the team and it will be his job to make sure everyone is focused on the same goal.
Building on each moment of our agony, we drank from its murky well. Taking big, thirsty gulps, we saturated our bodies with sorrow and self pity. We thought of our youth and mourned its death, teetering on the edge of victimhood, ready to plunge in the protective harbor it offered. But the life carried on, and on the background of war we began to create our narrative of normalcy.
For the Relish:
I'm delighted to be running "The Short Story -so much more than it seems" again this year, at Anam Cara Writers' and Artists' Retreat from June 9th to 16th. If you are interested in finding out more, about this or any of the inspirational workshops and retreat possibilities at this wonderful place, check out the Anam Cara website and workshop schedule, Link HERE In the 30 acre grounds are these cascades - the sound of the waterfalls lulls you to sleep at night, and in the day, you can find a nook to make your own, to write in or dream in for as long as you like... it is just blissful.
Prairie Fire
NATURE WALK
The wines in Chile and Argentina were excellent. Surprisingly complex, rich and heavenly, but after two lengthy tastings per day on our trip, all I wanted in the evenings was a refreshing, boozy cocktail (or two). Meet the PISCO SOUR. Have you had one?
Tonight, on 'Your Life After Trauma' we'll have two guests talking about their stories and how they overcame and kept depression at bay in their own ways. Here's hoping we inspire you to find your method and that you feel led to take the first steps out of depression and into the light.
No groom's dinner, either. (I didn't even know what that was.)
If so by whom
The lack of decisive action at eurozone summits shows that the eurozone leaders are in complete disarray. Each time they proclaim everything will be fine, Greece will not be allowed to default or be pushed out of the eurozone. The big investors in financial markets, however, do not take these reassurances seriously. Most of the strategists who speak for investment banks, etc, now believe that a Greek default is inevitable and will result in an exit from the eurozone.
I was game to try it again with Ms. Clark's guidance. She warns not to get too attached to the tart's appearance as crostatas are notorious for busting a leak, just expect that as part of the what she calls its "shabby chic" appeal. My first ever galette was for a practical exam I took at cooking school where my artfully arranged apple concoction split a seam in the oven and became GLUED to the pan. I had to present it to the instructor with a whimper. I think I passed with a sympathy vote.
That is crazy and awesome! I really do love blogging and having you stop by to visit really makes me smile!
Rating 4
Do you hear that sound? It's the nightstand, screaming for some love. And that's just what it is getting. The plan for these babies is the following:
As I watched Steve wacking the toms with the same boyish half-grin he’s always grinned, I thought, ‘Wouldn’t it be great to show this world to my daughters?’ But I don’t know if the rock club will still exist by the time they become old enough to enter one.
If you are considering pursuing a science-related Ph.D, currently working on one, or just graduated with a shiny new Ph.D, here’s a handy list of the best places for post-docs to work (as of 2012). One non-science friend was surprised about the middle-class wages. “Why would you spend so much time, effort, and money for a degree where you may only earn $40,000? Shouldn’t you be making six-figures?” I replied that they don’t do it for the money, they do it because we love it. Huzzah for pursuing passions!
You're supposed to give eleven fun facts about yourself, tag eleven folks to participate, answer your eleven questions, then make up eleven new questions. I'm cheating, and just answering the questions Jane asked!
you do it too-
PML (N) Quaid Mian Nawaz Sharif had declared that (after the assassination of Benazir Bhutto) if PPP decides to contest the elections then PML (N) would also do the same. What made Mian Nawaz Sharif decide to do so? It wouldn’t be wrong to say that it was Nawaz Sharif’s vision & foresight to understand as to what would happen if PML (N) decides not to contest; the foresight Imran Khan lacks till date.
“Too bad,’’ Kerry said, “if a governor had to go missing it couldn’t have been the governor of Alaska. You know, Sarah Palin.’’
When it comes time gets flushed, blow up evaporates diaper bag necessarily to react along with the diffrent.
Keen students of show business may well remember that Piers Morgan (aka his latest anagram, the Grime Parson) claims he was the man who cost Paul McCartney about £24.3 million, by introducing him to Heather Mills-Bomb. During the courtship, however, the Unibomber apparently texted to a friend, ‘I’m being pursued by a Beatle’. Thinking back, mind you, I’m not sure I recall how we knew about that text….but never mind.
the dome fought the barriers of love and reflection
REF:- IMF/FGN/8809 INSTRUCTION TO RELEASE YOUR INHERITANCE
Now it's time for the magic.....Transfer the mixture to an ice cream maker and churn/freeze according to manufacturer’s instructions.
Rollo Clifford of The Knowledge Cloud liked our new name so much, he used it for an article advertising his forthcoming “App for the Brain” seminar at the Institute of Directors in London on 17 April. This is what he wrote:
Back in the “old days” of the 70′s and 80′s, TV stations actually quit broadcasting and went off the air late at night, creating the “snow” effect on the TV that is featured prominently in the movie. (Now, Infomercials dominate the airwaves on most local channels late at night) After seeing this movie a couple times when it came out, sometimes at night I would click my own TV over to snow of the local channel and if you stared at the screen long enough….you would swear that you could hear whispers and voices on “the other side”.
is loving slow
What are your triggers?
There are two things I want you consider carefully when you read this text: alcohol content, OG and level of acidity. remember, I'll be asking questions later.
Every morning, on my way to work, I walk about thirty minutes.
The lawsuit takes aim at Baracon director Brett Rogers, whom La Trobe claims “aided, abetted, counselled, procured and was knowingly concerned” in contravention of the Trade Practices Act when the Argus building was sold in 2004 to the university for $8 million.
No, for me it is clear. The church is not called to prune, that is God’s job. Faggots of fruitless followers are God’s business not mine.
When I got the paraben-free cleanser I greedily opened it up and took a big sniff. Major blow: It was unscented. For a smell-a-holic like myself, I couldn’t get past that.
ready for seed
Child is miles away and may not survive long enough
Here are some shots from the game. Please note that I was holding a beer while taking these.
always tend to go to the non-smoker
Nassim, Jean and Andy also wanted something else to distinguish
There were no revisions to work on. No email to answer. No paperwork on the computer to do because we were totally cut off!
You need a pair of socks.
You can use those old drawers from chests, dressers and other furniture items that are no longer with us for a variety of things like towel holders for a guest bathroom, storage for small items, or hang them on the wall (bottom of drawer to wall) for a one of a kind shelf.
Shoulder to shoulder: 18 inches
Next time your wife asks you to hold her or to say something sweet to her, take that opportunity to surprise her with you romanticism! What are some of your ‘pre-game strategies?’
During winding up the circle, the bus dropped someone off at the bus stop. It’s not a stop that’s frequently used, so I thought I’d be okay. Instead, I was bricking it because I’m working on public land she had the right to interrupt my ritual and circle. But thankfully the tree kept me from interference, except from my cat, who had followed me and thought the dust at the roots of the tree was perfect to roll around in!
One song later and PJ’s primeval feedback howl and I aren’t getting along terribly well; time to move on – the over-populated bar is over there in the gloom… and, mercifully, it’s a bit further away from the cranked up PA system.
Ringing at Al Ali Farm – Bahrain
I first heard this song at church camp in middle school and instantly loved it. I looked for it for quite awhile afterwards until I finally found it in a friend's piano book. I asked for that book for Christmas that year and then found the CD it was off of, as well.
They see His signal flashing,
Existential and non-existential special meta-trageth time simultaneously
There was also a rapid and unexplained increase in the number of times householders were confronted in their own homes by armed criminals.
(Emphases added)
In 1994 Soros crowed in “The New Republic,” that “the former Soviet Empire is now called the Soros Empire.” The Russia-gate scandal in 1999, which almost collapsed the Russian economy, was labeled by Rep. Jim Leach, then head of the House Banking Committee, to be “one of the greatest social robberies in human history.”The “Soros Empire” indeed. In 1997 Soros almost destroyed the economies of Thailand and Malaysia. At the time, Malaysia’s Prime Minister, Mahathir Mohammad, called Soros “a = villain, and a moron.” Thai activist Weng Tojirakarn said, “We regard George Soros as a kind of Dracula. He sucks the blood from the people.”
Material Obsession BOM
Did you get them all?
Son of a Gun – The Vaselines
Gabite is the middle child of the Garchomp family. Like the Dragon fliers, its type of Dragon/Ground is also 4x weak to Ice.
First, there's the storytelling / blogging project I'm doing in The Wirral - funded by Liverpool Biennial and project-managed by Elaine Speight, the brains behind the Preston art project Tunnel Visions, among other things. Yesterday was spent in Rock Ferry Library (I chickened out and went on the train, so no terrifying drive through The Tunnel) meeting prospective participants and firming up our ideas about the shape the project will take. More on this in the weeks to come.
Do you know what an ojo is? (I see by a quick search that the official name is ojo de Dios, but we always just called them ojos where I grew up.) It is a little home decoration made of yarn and wood. They are meant to protect the maker from evil spirits.
So, rob a bank, go to Oslo and try them.
oh so unremarkable
Having been a print journalist for a few decades, one of the things I enjoy is our own little lexicon, the shorthand many of us use as we roam from newspaper to magazine to television to radio to blogging. Just as doctors have their words (GOMER = Get Out Of My Emergency Room), we too have a vocabulary of our own.
I’d recommend you add the following upcoming Center event to your calendar:
They sent me to the gallery or ’round the music-’alls.
There is really nothing quite as beautiful as being able to watch, on a lovely clear evening in the garden, Mother Moon as she reaches fullness.
Obi climbs on the stool in the bathroom. Thankfully he can't reach the sink to turn on the water. He finds the toothbrushes in a drawer and tries them one by one. He LOVES water and baths. One day Mitch came home from basketball and turned on the shower. While he was waiting for the water to warm, he wandered into the kitchen to talk with me. Within seconds we heard a thump followed by a short delay, then a cry. Obi had climbed into the shower, which was now hot, fully clothed and couldn't get back out. I stripped him down and let him get back in with Mitch once the water was set at a tolerable temperature. Then he loved it.
Scan your heart for the darkest part. Send a letter to the congregation. You, you really don't mind
Took all the time off to wander and explore.
*Open to US residents only
After that I felt perfectly fine.
We went a lot of interesting places. There were some steep slopes, and at the bottom was lots of black mud with interesting things to smell. We even found some places where Cedar and I could get in the water and cool off. Maggie doesn't like to get wet. I don't know why.
I saw ZZ Top in December of 1977 at the Mabee Center (must have been torn down or renamed since it no longer exists) in Tulsa Oklahoma. Pete Tickle was there. I haven't seen them since.
Well, I guess it's finally time to do this, Brutus. I've really been dreading writing down all of my feelings about this race because part of me feels so grateful to have finished marathon #4 in one piece, and the other part of me wishes I could go back in time and change things. Mainly the weather. Running is such an individual sport, so I know that some of you might hate me for complaining about this race and my time, just like I get annoyed by people who complain about their 3:30 marathon times. But I knew that I was capable of more and to not dig deep enough to find that little bit more of whatever it is I'm digging for is disappointing. So yes, I know that my time is totally fine, but I am not totally fine with it. You know? I'm going to just write the same sentence over and over until it comes out sounding normal. Nah, I think I'll end it there. You guys get it.
170 Tremaine Avenue – Brand New Home
Now, tell me, what stories inspired you?
Dolph Ziggler retains his United States Title after Jack Swagger gave John Morrison a Gutwrench Powerbomb. Very good match here, but it’s time Dolph and Swagger get together, so Vickie can have her stable. So far, best match of the night.
One thing I like to do, to mix things up is adapt some of my favorite salads into a pasta side dish. These work great for summertime gatherings, BBQ's and more...and add more of a filling quality to otherwise light salads. This time I decided to work with Orzo Pasta because I like the texture and shape of the pasta, its very much like rice, but in pasta, and think it lends itself to a cool summer salad dish.
The distributors buying futures on exchanged-set margins need only pay a small amount of the actual value of a contract.
After that, there’ll be American craft beers from all our friends all over the country: Stone, Bell’s, Sierra, Great Divide, Rogue, Left Hand, Dogfish, Founders and too many others to enumerate here.
Just as she passed the corner of the house, Hannah’s world exploded into a deeper darkness than the evening around her. Sam, the one she had flushed from the bush, somehow collided with Hannah. He flew backward, and Hannah flew off into complete darkness in the other direction. Two other racers just missed her fallen body and dodged Sam who had now crawled slowly to a sitting position.
Zhiwei Yu, Peking University. The Consequence of Writing Systems on Human Perception in China and the West
What Tod did on stage was essentially what he did film (what I did on stage is best not mentioned). Although he did initially begin his career playing, somewhat bizarrely, romantic leads and comic roles, it wasn’t till he began producing and performing in the kind of macabre, garish penny dreadful theatre that appealed to audiences of the era that he really found his niche. He cackled, he strode, he crept, leered and lurked and joyously perfected hand wringing and moustache twirling all over the stages of the day. Tod essentially created the archetypal villain.
Hope to be back soon. Thanks for reading :)
Last night, I hung around with my two favorite teens, who came over to eat pizza and laugh hysterically and generally make my day better.
I hope you all like this card and thank you so much for stopping by!
Note for the “Send Blair to The Hague” brigade
10. For a couple of years of my childhood, my bedroom was also the kitchen.
Tensions simmered as around 3,000 EDL members marched through the town, which was largely boarded up and ­barricaded by police for the event.
~don't order soda through a fast food place. Even the "happy hour" deals are more expensive than buying it in bulk. If you are planning on running out for some fries and a burger, take your soda with you!
- Elizabeth Cohen, CNN
“It’s that story – stretching back to 1066 when people resisted the king and the Normans, through the assertion of the rights of the Commons against the king in parliament, and the resistance to the enclosures – that Glasman believes Labour should honour and reconnect with.”
Spread frosting over top of cake.
It’s not the market’s job to tell authors how to monetize their work. The market doesn’t care. If there’s no scarcity of what they want, it’s hard to get them to pay for it.
2 converted
Have you ever felt something like that? It felt like my heart was literally, physically somewhere else, and I couldn’t stand being away from it. Like my chest was caving in because it was empty. It felt confusing…and wonderful. Because I knew it was from God. It wasn’t just a worldly desire. Maybe I don’t describe it well enough, but it was absolute. That was the main idea. I almost feel as if I would have walked home just to send an email that took five minutes…it sounds really dumb! But I needed to.
That's all the crazy for now. I think. We'll see. Now that I've started, who knows.
"The Jade Notebook is the third and final book in the travel-adventure-themed Notebooks series, each of which is set in a different country. The series went through a few different cover looks over the past few years. If you're curious, you can read the story behind the hardcover look of the first in the series, The Indigo Notebook, here. For that cover, my publisher, Delacorte, did a photo shoot of an open, vintage-style suitcase containing items that evoked each different setting..."
The attacker is believed to be a reprisal by the group, which member recently died from machete cuts from some cattle traders .
What does the church think of women? What is, to use the title from an Alicia Keys song, “A Woman’s Worth?”
COMPLETED:
The Art of Waiting is a project dreamed up by Jeff Nachtigall, and involves a year-long commitment to photography. Not only that, you have to produce your submissions on film - the old analogue way. And here's the real kicker - you can't start developing until 2011.
to bad for me i'm so persuasive.
The cover to Starcrossed is so gorgeous! I just love the picture of Helen in her flowy-purple dress standing on the stormy shore of Nantucket-- it really does look very haunting, and drew me to this book in the first place. I just wish that it didn't cut off the profile of her face-- I know, it's supposed to create some mystery since we can't see exactly what Helen's infamously beautiful face looks like, but still!
My friend’s email signature says “Our Thoughts Become Things”
My first challenge was to sort through the garbage and get the facts straight. As a student, my budget was limited and I did not have the luxury of hiring a personal trainer or nutritionist—I was completely on my own. I researched everything from how to time my meals around my workout to what type of glue I should use to fix Swarovski crystals on my posing suit (btw, I found E-6000 to be really good! lol). I reached out to other competitors and personal trainers for training advice; I scoured through YouTube videos of various competitions to get a feel for what it would be like on stage; I attended a competition workshop (which I HIGHLY recommend, so much so that I now conduct my own workshops, you can message me on my Facebook Page for details) to get the inside scoop on what to expect the day of the show; I sampled competition diets I found online in blog posts and bodybuilding websites; I practiced posing and walking and took photos and videos of my progress; and I read dozens of reviews on tanning methods to determine how NOT to look like an Oompa Loompa.
As the movie continued I managed to look past its limitations. I welcomed each new twist in much the same way I did the mental somersaults of Timecrimes, the decoding of the primer in Contact, and the evolving relationships of Identity.
The only fault I found in Eyes Like Leaves through the first two rounds was that the good-versus-evil conflict was lacking nuance. In the latest section, de Lint has addressed that by giving us a glimpse of the tension among the evil forces. They are not blindly following the Icelord, but rather bowing to his power at the moment, while some harbor long-term hopes of overthrowing him. I am interested to see how the dynamics on the bad guys' side play out, and I very much want to watch Carrie's continued development and her interactions with Tarn.
4 cups whole milk, infused with thyme and orange zest, strained
A few weeks ago I wrote about the Fifth Avenue Hotel, the luxury accommodation at 23rd Street off Madison Square that became Conkling's second home and a regular scene of political intrigue for the Republican Party. Conkling endured the disintegration of his political career from his rooms here.
- Finely chopped garlic
Today at BB&B I found them (ok husband found them)! So with my 20% off coupon, I got 6 of them for like $8.
Rambo mentions how this will motivate him to work even harder to attain a higher draft grade. But he doesn’t mention if this work will be in the Red and Black or in various training sessions preparing for the combine or individual team workouts. What a decision he’s facing and I’m both excited and terrified for him. But in the end, I wish Bacarri the best of luck with whatever he decides.
My preparation time has been eroded down to a wafer thin strip of calendar. A dangerous period, during which a last minute panic and over-exertion will only inhibit my enjoyment of the race. All my long runs are now behind me, so it’s time to focus on kit, food and checkpoint supplies – the things which won’t make me aerobically any more capable, but which will have a huge impact on comfort, performance and time.
First stop is ... wait for it .... this is very exciting ... a Gas Station!! This was so not on the card but it has been a long time since I have had a delicious cup of gas station hot chocolate, complete with the yummy creamers, so we stopped in. Here is Meg, looking angry on my behalf that the hot chocolate machine was out of order.
Today's another long post - bear with me, kittens!
and fill your time can’t help that feel that you..
have teamed together to propose the renovation of the property at 450 Robeson Street.
Pink necklace: gift shop at Legacy Emanuel Hospital
“Ya know. Even if I did any of that stuff. Why would I tell you how? Wouldn’t that be like squealing on myself?”
Shallots - 4 or 5
OK – I overcame yesterday (MAJOR accomplishment), but could I do it again?! With pure temptation staring right at me as soon as I opened the refrigerator door, I closed it and regained my composure. I put away my dinner plate and took out a salad plate. Then I put a little of everything on the plate, heated it up, and Voila! The day-after-Thanksgiving-day turned out to be a success! AND for the icing on the cake – it was totally satisfying! It just goes to show you; A little bit of planning and a dash of will-power and anything can be done!
They call him Lord Lyon, proud, determined–and cursed. He is in need of a bride, but if he falls in love, he dies. His fervent hope is that by marrying–and having a son–without love, perhaps he can break the curse’s chains forever.
Or a word about the puppies. Since I'm required by blogger edict or common law or a mandate from my readers sorta thing.
It's finally summer! After a month and a half of studying for my exams, school is finally over (until the end of August) and I can spend 3 weeks doing what I want and not thinking about school!
in their home store will:
into my eyes & I felt the deep exotic textures
Well duh. Makes perfect sense to me.
They say we’re selfish.
3 Roedelius* - Mr. Livingstone 5:41
Now that I have the rest of the day free, not sure what I'm going to get up to ... I should probably start the housecleaning and washing so I don't have to do it on the weekend ...
packaged in large Ziploc or cellophane baggies. Kits are coordinated and work best if you can keep them together until you use them. They are great for crops those times when you want to produce something quickly. Since most kits will included a color scheme and multiple MGS I would suggest sorting them by theme or kit club you received them from.
It pains me to write the rest of this post. Why? Because I agree with ASU.
Sling on a Tight Tube Top: You work hard for that body, so show the world what God blessed you with! Ok, so you have not hit the gym in a few weeks – but who cares? You have a natural physique that others will certainly admire at the beach. Well, maybe you don’t work out and you still opted for the second helping of apple strudel ala mode after a delicious Taco Bell dinner…again. Wouldn’t you be more comfortable with less fabric constricting your junk as it hangs out at the beach? Go ahead, you’re sexy dammit. Wear that tube top with a fierce confidence usually reserved for those much younger and sexier than you. Oh, wait, did I say this already?
This is the house what the house looked like when I bought it already built. Not exactly my style.
Now in this moment, I want your hands to touch me inappropriately and make me blush.
House Finch 6
Nothing should control, own or run your life besides Jesus!!! (and ur wife….lol, just kidding)
All, or almost all, I have said thus far is more or less “personal,” something that can be reinforced by what my wife has had to put up with as I have pursued the somewhat unconventional academic course that I have had.
Re-arrange these words into a sentence that describes British Airways.
This debut full-length from these Russian gents is pure old school black/death metal that tries to club you to death with its sheer intensity. Vicious as it is, the album also comes with a foreboding atmosphere thanks to the face melting war metal riffs, bestial gutturals and savage drumming. If you enjoy the likes of Blasphemy, Anglecorpse and Proclamation then this is definitely for you.
I wore them almost every day.
The other night, I was sitting at a coffee shop, zoning out while I decided what to work on next, and I was struck with the sudden realization how random and no-holds-barred "writing mode" can be. There really is no telling where an inspired brain will travel next.
The best place to be again for this past week is still the Marietta Islands. Rooster fish have set up house there around the reefs and they´re nice size as well in the 35 lb range. Of course there are the usual players, Snappers, Bonito, Skip Jacks, Pompano and a shot at Sea Bass with the cold water. We always have Sea bass in the deep spots in the bay, they prefer very cold water so they only come into the shallower parts of the bay in the deepest part of winter as fishing goes. Eight hour days are what I recommend or the time being until there is a change.
When our friends would come over, we would always have a "dance contest", which involved pushing the coffee table out of the way and opening up the living room to get our groove on. I was infatuated with her hair in that video. In an effort to get the most votes, someone always chose this song. Everybody loved Whitney.
I recently had a conversation with a friend about what questions to ask an agent when you finally get face-to-face or phone-to-phone time with one. Having recently been through the agent jungle, I know full well how intimidating the process is. Preparation starts long before "the call."
Beer Count: ? 7ish?
In general, the whole purpose of Bologna Children's Book Fair is to pitch your rights list to scouts and foreign publishers in order to generate interest in upcoming titles so as to promote foreign sales. And I certainly did a lot of that while there but for the most part, I have a foreign co-agent who handles that on our agency's behalf.
I am now in a week break from all the baking duties. I was really busy with quite a bit of cake stuff including 90th birthday cake, sorbet making frenzy (and still going), putting use of all the beautiful summer produce we have here in tarts, ice cream, and more cake.
The deputy mayor did not say how or whether the authorities had even been able to disprove the claim.
If querying has got you down, go read this post:
If anyone needs me, look here first, I am sure to be found somewhere, lost in the beautiful images, day dreaming, enjoying.
“Crazy seeing you here! I just needed a coffee. So I guess I haven’t seen you since that party. Crazy right? So much fun.” Plopping himself into one of the empty chairs next to her, Christian rambled on how confused he was that night after he woke up without her around.
Kick things off with an order of prawn dumplings ($12 for six) - plump parcels of prawn wrapped in translucent dumpling skins. They’re sweet and fragrant, packed with slivers of water chestnut, Chinese celery and finely chopped shallots.
Ernie Royal (Trumpet)
"U.N. summit to focus on cancer, diabetes, heart and lung disease"
Firstly can we say thank you to everyone who entered Challenge 5..You all made stunning cards which made it very difficult for the DT to pick their Top 5....We also have some changes this month the winner and Top 5 will be announced at the same time as the new Challenge from now on so check below. We have deceided we are going to do sketches with optional extras each month, as we know you all love the sketches....So on to the Top 5 picked by the DT in no particular order they are.......
4. We all have an inner Censor. This is the little nagging voice in your mind that says “this idea is no good” or “you call this original?” These are judgments and are poisonous to your artist child. It is important to remember that your Censor’s negative comments are not the truth.
is to live in victory over life’s challenges.
Artist: Pseudogod
PICTURE BOOKS: I’m only interested in professional illustrators who can also write, so Santa, if you’re not keeping your portfolio up to date, you may want to skip ahead. But if you’re sharing this letter with any author/illustrators out there, I want to meet the next great children’s book character(s). I’m finding situational or plot-driven picture books are a tough sell, but a great character that can eventually be branded like Olivia, Fancy Nancy, Skippyjon Jones—that’s what’s working best right now. Also, I want high concept books like IT’S A BOOK or THE QUIET BOOK, which seem to be hitting the mark as well.
Machines guns are better than bows and arrows, that’s why the WHOLE world uses them.
Simple life.
21So that he may give decision for a man in his cause with God, and between a son of man and his neighbour.
That pause was to allow you time to collect yourself after your outrageous gulp, gasp and laugh.
Lelainia Lloyd I would love to become more adept at painting, or at least at incorporating paint into my work. I've dabbled around the edges of it, taken a few classes, but I know I have tons more to learn. Working with paint makes me feel free and happy. I love moving it around on the on canvass, mixing the colours and playing with the layers. I can completely lose track of time when I am experimenting with paint.
With Barcelona, Real Madrid, Athletic Bilbao, Atletico Madrid and Valencia still in the European competitions and only one British team (Chelsea) left, people are asking, are we really as dominant as we once were? I personally doubt we are, in the domestic competitions, we still look strong but on the bigger stage, we seem to have been struck down with a case of “Big Game Stage Fright.” Over the last few years, it’s been a regular occurrence to see the likes of Arsenal, Manchester United, Chelsea and even Liverpool in the final stages of a European tournament but this year we’ve had to face living with only one team in it. Manchester United & Manchester City went in the group stages of the Champions League (and then exited the Europa League,) Arsenal were then knocked out in the last 16 by AC Milan. Only Chelsea fly the flag for our nation but they are now favourites to be the next team out of the CL despite holding a 1-0 advantage against World Club Champions, Barcelona.
Standing lines of peoples thought
Here are the kids enjoying the back porch...I love my giant porch! AnnaMae and her cousin Juliet have so much fun together, and who can blame them? Two little girls, close to the same age, and having a blast all summer long. Thank you uncle Dan and uncle Larry for all the help you've given us with fixing the new place.
My man is snoring beside me, and looks so beautiful, and I don’t think I’ll get him out of bed until noon. He did drink last night, after all, and he did get a bit drunk. It was one of the reasons we had a sudden Flamenco outburst in the living room.
There are larger notes still in notebooks from meetings I've been in...
The defining point for civilisation is not that things always improve. That is the Liberal idea of progress and in opposition to the articles ethos of Cultural Conservatism. You only have compare new phone boxes with the quaint, old red square ones to see that, far from improving, our civilisation is declining and the hideously, ugly architecture mentioned is part of that.
Sometimes my voice may be as a toddler, standing up, falling back on its behind, wobbly, but always pressing on, striving to walk and giggling with joy when it does.
When officers responded to a burglary in progress call at the Psychic Corner on U. S. 1 and Ocean Boulevard, they found Novatka outside standing near the entrance.
"I'm alone," realized she,
Follows a veterinary student who runs away with the traveling circus as their vet.
The first thing I noticed about the menu at Tiger! Tiger! was how much it looked like the menu at one of my favorite places to eat - the Hog Island Oyster Co. in San Francisco (at the Ferry Building.) They're not using Heath Plates and you're not looking out over the San Francisco Bay, but the front side of the simple menu offering oysters on the half shell, a clam and corn chowder, Oysters Rockefeller, and a few simple artisanal salads rang some bells in a good way.
Plaids and polka dots - and even holiday stickers.
03 Dissolve/Reveal
7) Line a 20cm x 10cm baking tin with greaseproof paper.
Hello and Happy Friday!
I finally got around to reading “The Other Wes Moore” earlier this year as part of a book club. I took a picture of the book at Joseph Beth more than a year ago as a reminder that this was a book I wanted to read, but for some reason I didn’t get around to it. In the year since, I’ve seen Wes Moore, the author, as a panelist on “Meet the Press” and “Morning Joe” and I’ve been impressed by his thoughtful approach to issues. He’s closer to my generation, and it’s nice to see people my age on TV once in awhile offering maybe a slightly different take than the baby boomers.
MC: Chris North
Average Pace: 8:41
I'm back from my winter travels, refreshed and recharged. I took a 7-hour train journey to Wales, and rang in 2011 with some of the best mates a gal could hope for. I hope your new year is as happy as mine.
Didn’t God say, “The steps of a good man are ordered by the Lord?” Don’t you believe what God has said? The Lord doesn’t make any mistakes. We certainly do. Do we dare to complain when those steps aren’t according to our preparation?
As for expectations, and grand gestures, I’ve learned to appreciate the small things. And I work on keeping the movies version of love out of my real love. Those are great stories, but I think mine will be better, because, well, it’s real.
Karl Lagerfeld has been brought in to redesign the exterior of the Hotel Metropole in Monte Carlo. Reaffirming that he is a man of many talents, in case there was any doubt. To whet our appetite for the unveiling of the first phase in July, Lagerfeld has released some frescos starring his favourite male model Baptiste Giabconi...
Time flies
Not so. The "preponderance of evidence" has now become "guilt beyond reasonable doubt". Late on May 7th, 2012, KSAZ Channel 10 has published the tapes of the 911 calls which show unmistakeably that J.T. Ready was the perpetrator -- and the ONLY perpetrator -- of the Gilbert Massacre which claimed five lives, including his own:
I think it’s about finding a balance. I cannot comment on the 1UP days, but this particular form on the Squawk can run from great discussion (again, Feen’s kickstart of the review discussion was great) to huge chunks of text – nothing wrong there – to posts that don’t find traction or stimulate discussion or even warrant interest. No need to play a violin, but increasingly, I’ve seen posts go by without a single care. I’m not worried about shouting into the breeze about some stodgy experience or recommending a game like Stealth Bastard when, subsequently, nobody appears to give a tinker’s cuss (sales pitch lessons?), but I do feel a little sad when it happens to other folks.
The following are 19 really crazy things that school children are being arrested for in America....
Sadly for Azmarie, she was not granted a second chance and her journey to the top ended in episode 6. It was truly shocking to see Azmarie go since she did well and judging from the retrospection, the competition is also judged based on past performance and achievements, so why didn’t Azmarie get another shot? Another thing, there is hardly any videos of AzMarie shown on the show, is it just because she wasn’t keen on spilling the dirt on other girls or just because she never had anything bad to say about anyone in the house? quite an honorable attitude that would do any model good and yet her dreams was cut shot over something that was literally not that condemning on the show.
The minority party proposes bills to deal with the fiscal crisis and get shut down by the senate majority leader Harry Reid (D) who then pass continuing resolutions rather than a budget so they can use slight of hands tricks to get pass the voters and taxpayers........Really?
32. Drink Canada Dry -- David Allan Coe
The drinks were too strong and I really didn't want the day to pass in an alcoholic haze so I sipped a bit then stopped.
I seriously questioned whether or not I should do this post. I mean, I don't want people thinking I'm a bag lady who only shops at the dollar store! I don't really mind what everyone thinks of me out there in bloggyland, but when I find out that people I know are dropping by to read my poorly composed dollar-store-centric posts, well, then I care a bit. Full disclaimer here: I am not a dollar store diva. I like to buy my pantry jars and other organizational items at the dollar store, but I do not and would not ever buy grocery items or clothes, or gifts for people at the dollar store. There's a time and a place people, and Dollorama aint the place!
That evening I had to go to work. I asked Vladi to keep an eye on Mr Puss and to leave him in the kitchen before going out. Vladi said that Mr Puss was behaving very strangely that evening and wouldn't come to him and hid under the sofa in what appeared to be a frightened state but Vladi didn't think anything of it. When I came home that evening, the house was so quiet that I didn't think Mr Puss was in the house as usually he would run to greet me and lie on the floor to get a belly rub. I left the door open and as I turned round I saw the tail end of Mr Puss belting out the door. I thought he was after a mouse. I left the door half ajar for him but he didn't return that night. The following day we noticed the food bowl empty and we thought he had returned to eat but that he was still in a huff with us over the flea liquid being put on him. We didn't see him all day yesterday. Last night we went to bed upset and worried. I had a restless night...images of where Mr Puss might be were coming to me and when I got up this morning I went to the neighbour's garden and in one of Mr Puss's favourite spots I found him lying there dead....rigormortis had set in. I broke down and cried like a baby. We are both devastated. I totally blame myself for allowing that liquid to be put on him. He was only 3 years old....we rescued him from a drunken previous owner who did not treat him well. I love/loved Mr Puss so....I have literally been rolling myself in the garden with heart-ache. I BLAME myself so....why oh why did I listen to Antonio....I feel as if I killed him dead myself......he loved life, he just plain loved us to the absolute hilt...we had such a laugh with him. Now that he is gone all the laughter is gone...I feel empty, alone and guilty.
- The temperature of the concrete, in its wall, inside to out, he explains and rubs his hands over the surface, is cool and warm, it's the Bernoulli theorem (- there are two Bernouliis, E@L interjects, father and son, they hated each other, legend says) that make the wine circulate...
I make a sudden sally
The Doctor: Hermits United. We meet up every ten years and swap stories about caves. It’s good fun — for a hermit.
Turn on the radio
The husband says the mother was a right stuck up cow giving pep talk pre match (parents have to leave once their child is seated at the table), wearing what can only be described as a rock for an engagement ring and brandishing a Chanel bag. You can smell the pound notes emitting from her. The child has curly hair and is wearing a chess champions sweatshirt. You get the picture.
If you hate your current job, it can be tempting to let everyone know it when you leave. As cathartic as that may seem, it’ll cause you trouble down the line. You want to leave your current company on good terms. You never know when you may encounter a coworker again or need to call that company for information or a favor. Burning bridges simply isn’t in your best interest. If you hate your job so much that you’re afraid of saying the wrong thing, however, you can reference these sample resignation letters and read tips on how to resign gracefully. Before you quit for real, run your plan by a friend or two to gauge their reaction. It always helps to have a few outside opinions to help ensure you don’t make a mistake you’ll regret.
To help the flowers grow.
The Staples Singers buttress The Band in “The Weight”:
Don’t wait for the moment you’ve heard that I’ve disappeared.
here are links to the shops-
For we are all Difficult People at heart.
But Beckwith didn't have superstar in him. He spent five seasons as a serviceable reliever with the Dodgers. He didn't take the No. 27 to the World Series until he wore it with the Royals in 1985.
Here's my layout...
Life, Liberty and the Pursuit of Happiness or existence, control, and the guarantee of subsistence?
It does make me pause though to realise that once (just 2000 years ago,) the entirety of this island was covered, wall to wall, with forested areas such as this...How sad that we can only explore a few hundred acres (a postage stamp in comparison to the whole) now in the 21st Century....All the more reason to preserve these beautiful areas for posterity...
Well I found out who she was and have laughed a lot knowing Bee and her husband.
The house was made of pale stone and there were lights inside and voices raised in song. No bawdy chanting here – this was music to stir the soul, not the loins. It filtered down the snow-covered land and made the space between the oil lamps taste less dark.
8. Kickin' It Under
I wish I could remember whose blog I saw this on to give them credit. I took 3 black dollar store picture frames, cut scrap booking paper and added the letters. The spiders were from the dollar store also. The crows on the stocking hangers were from the dollar store also. One of the folks that I shop with on ETSY sent me the bats. Again, my picture taking is terrible, you sorta have to combine this picture with the one above and you will get the idea. I am pleased with the look. I forget the nieces aren't babies any more.
Tests- 72, Wickets- 330, Avg- 22.25, 5W- 20, Best- 8/71
Let’s start with lights. Q-Beams are near-essential tools for the gator hunter to spot game at long distances. Not surprisingly, different hunters disagree on how much a spotlight should be used; some feel if you keep it in their eyes, it keeps a lizard from submerging. Others feel you should douse the light and sneak in the dark. I agree with the latter camp only because I’ve not witnessed an effective execution of the former strategy.
The zombies in this movie have to be created through use of a machine that seems to be using electricity to bring the dead back to life. Yes, it’s science. Because the zombies are created in this way, there is no infection and no real risk of an accidental zombie horde. These zombies retain full brain functionality unless they’ve been brain dead for too long before resurrection, but even that rule isn’t really set in stone. This full brain function includes the zombie’s personality as well, as if they were still alive, unlike many zombie movies that will give complex thought processes, but take away most of the original personality. It’s suggested that the creator of the machine was somehow able to bring the soul back to the body, but that was never really explained, or even acknowledged in any way aside from one brief reference.
THIS IS IT...
Her first YA novel, Red Palms was awarded a Work-in-Progress grant from the Society of Children’s Book Writers and Illustrators in 2000, and was published in 2004 by Random House Children’s Books/Wendy Lamb Books.
New York, NY 10045.
You have to know what you want before you can begin investing yourself into accomplishing it. Goals are a great way to start and small goals are fun because you get the satisfaction sooner. But the big goals, the dreams, the “if onlys”, can be overwhelming. I am a dreamer. I can sit and daydream for hours about driving this and living there and looking like so-and-so, and then I snap back into reality and think “ya right, that’ll never happen”. No wonder I’m still in the same situation as I was 5, even 10 years ago. I was so negative! But it’s not just about changing your thinking, it’s about having a positive attitude and using that to feed your energy.
Hafiz, again, by Ladinsky. That wonderful rule of three crescendo to climax. There is sweetness in “married”, it means being one flesh; then ”lovers” is more solely Wonderful; but “give each other light” goes so much further, expressing the spiritual aspect of carnal love.
If you use the internet to it’s full potential, it really is not hard to find ways to make money from it. The most common ways to make money online is to either work for someone else, such as writing articles or some other work. Or to start your own business and be your own boss.
And after this, I suggest neither of you go back here to read my posts. The thought of you and what you’ll feel upon reading this only hinders me from unrestrictedly expressing myself. Sabi mo nga, wala naman akong ginawa kundi magsulat ng magsulat. So let me be.
If you have noticed I don't blog too much, so just consider this. I haven't been out much visiting places to save money for my trip. However, I plan to get back in the swing of things after my vacation. Of course I will post about the fun times I will have in Florida and D.C., for you guys. I never feel the need to apologize for not blogging enough and I'm not going to start now.
Oh, what a wonderful world it would be if wishing & hoping that it were not so could make it not so.
Pizza Sauce:
17. Cyndi Lauper “True Colors”
This months Challenge is "Anything Goes"
hmmm... and did i mention i have a peanut allergy? no. probably because i don't take it very seriously. i have never had any obvious reaction to peanuts, although i do eat a lot less of them (mostly in the form of peanut butter) since i had a blood test done a few years ago, and it showed an allergy to egg whites, garlic, and peanuts. it won't stop me from making this.
Only a double win for Arsenal ensures them of a Champions league spot. Anything less than that may prove to be futile in trying to defend 3rd place.
Almost half of South Africa's middle-class black teenagers plan to flee the country for greener pastures.
For our February Doll swap on a Ning Group, I made two dolls. One is a Dotee Doll and the other is an Icicle Doll. We had to make one with a Valentine theme and the other to represent our favorite Artist.
Supplies - All supplies are CTMH except where noted
Rounding out the spoon was a little home made kimchi.
Fellowship Hall 3&4
Hopefully I'll be able to finish my painting tomorrow. So far I am very pleased. It's not perfect, but it's mine :)
I have lots more for you, The Brown Paper Book Club is taking shape too...
AND I would probably pick up the next installment just to see what happens to poor "between a rock and a hard place" Prince Kai. So there.
Me: He's an ACTOR. He could totally be acting NOW, but Buffalo Bill is what he's really like. He might try and make a skin suit out of me. I'm not exactly a petite girl, you know!
8:02 a.m.: The young woman standing behind him moans: Mijn hoofd doet pijn.
Most of the segments would just be a short spoken intro followed by a clip from the relevant podcast, maybe with a bit of the theme song from that podcast to help smooth over any editing that you have to do. So you wouldn’t have to record much at all, most of the show would be editing. Alternatively you could have two or three hosts who converse a bit in the intros, to explain the choices and so on.
If you have done commercial photography before i would love to hear your experiences, or see your photos, comment with the links and I will check ‘em out.
He was right, Mother hadn’t said a thing about it when gave what little meat I had gotten from my kills. And she didn’t look like she was eating much, either. “OK. But how does that tie into this?” I said, pointing to the sword.
So, let’s say you’ve done your promotion and your marketing and you’ve managed to gather a respectable crowd at your local Barnes and Noble. What do you do with them?
Sometimes.
“Prostitution fuels human trafficking,” said Shae Invidiata, who led a group of a dozen protesters outside of Ontario’s legislature on Saturday. “Legalizing prostitution and living off the avails, you’re giving pimps the legal authority to exploit women and children in Canada.”
Before addressing Naik’s assertion it is important that we first look at the passage to see whether Naik has exegeted it correctly:
8 oz of cream cheese
we urge our young people to begin today to write and keep records of all the important things in their own lives and also the lives of their antecedents in the event that their parents should fail to record all the important incidents in their own lives. Your own private journal should record the way you face up to challenges that beset you. Do not suppose life changes so much that your experiences will not be interesting to your posterity.
-Write and set up automated posts for the next two weeks
The wonky-knee I suffered in after my run in London stopped me in my tracks(uit!). One of my knitting buddies – who *has* made it her business to know as much about running as she does about knitting – gave me some in-sight into why my knee was suddenly suffering as it was. Much of it was to do with my new runners and specifically the extra cushioning being given to my heel. This was resulting in my coming down too hard on my heel and putting my knee-joint into shock. She advised me to take greater care about how my foot hit the ground with each stride.
That’s right. The public editor believes that reporters at the nation’s paper of record should take guidance on how to appropriately cover sexual assault cases from a figure who informed a national TV audience that she had “never, ever met a false rape claim”; and had, in her public statements about the highest profile sexual assault case of recent years:
Each dip on Tuesday became a higher low and was quickly bought up, and every push led to higher highs. The dollar volume on Tuesday was over $40,000,000. The Big Boys were putting hard money to work yesterday.
Newt Exhibit B: Wife #2 ill with MS, Newt wants divorce. After shtupping another woman, who becomes:
While you're doing all that, you're going to want to soak your hardwood chunks in water (or beer?) for about half an hour. You want them to smolder, not burn. After half an hour, let them dry just a bit. You don't want to extinguish the coals with a dripping chunk of wood, that would be stupid.
In order to let the hens free-range this summer,
1 packet of Shirataki, drained
Rejoicing in the faithfulness of the Lord, because tonight, there is one less orphan in the world. She is a beloved child, a daughter of the King, my precious sister. Fearfully and wonderfully formed in the womb of one mother and the heart of another. And now she is ours. Forever, for always, no matter what.
Opened March 31 through July 29, 11 a.m.-5:45 p.m. Mondays-Tuesdays and Fridays-Sundays, 11 a.m.-8:45 p.m. Thursdays
I got teased ALL through school, even a little bit in high school, really up until senior year...then i started to take care of myself more, wear makeup, keep my hair up and what not. (even though i rocked zillions all year,lol)
Try the Goldilock Challenge. It is quite fun!!!!
15 May 2010
1 brushed
At the end of 2010, we sorted and purged through most of our boxes and totes in storage and happily donated ten (10) boxes and fourteen (14) huge bags of miscellaneous items to people in need. Boy did that feel wonderful! And we're still not done - we have about ten to fifteen boxes to still sort through.
13) Think about safety/security – 9% of U.S. travel fatalities are due to homicide. 9000 homicides in Sao Paulo in 1999, compared with 700 in New York City.
He then took his love doll, described the manufacturer as "the best piece of blank that you'll ever blank in your entire blanking life" and hauled blank out of the Pleasure Palace.
Salt for sprinkling on pretzels
Not only are there interruptions (a few more that I would have liked) but there are also digressions. We discover what led Hassan to become a storyteller and why his two brothers, the romantic, Mustafa, and the more practical, Ahmed, chose different occupations rather than following in their father’s footsteps. These are not simply examples of Hassan getting on a bit and allowing his mind to wander; everything is interconnected. “Perhaps only a single thread separates us from the truth,” he declares, “or perhaps an entire ream, but we will know for certain only when we look at the whole weave.” Ahmed was not there the night the couple decided to brave the square at night but Mustafa was (although he is unable to tell his version of what went on that night because he is in prison) and so Hassan has to stand in for him. See what I mean: stories within stories within stories. The problem is Mustafa’s own version of what went on that night is not entirely reliable because of certain assumptions he has made.
WITH the announcement less than a week old, the ramifications of what Apple is trying to do have yet to be realized. However, it seems that Apple again has taken the driver’s seat to provide a service to help fill an apparent area of need. And in this case, education was its focus.
I nod. He is right, and I know it. But I’m still reluctant to leave. We came here because I wanted to, and for the fi rst time, Henri let me choose where we were going. We’ve been here nine months, and it’s the longest we have stayed in any one place since leaving Lorien. I’ll miss the sun and the warmth. I’ll miss the gecko that watched from the wall each morning as I ate breakfast. Though there are literally millions of geckos in south Florida, I swear this one follows me to school and seems to be everywhere I am. I’ll miss the thunderstorms that seem to come from out of nowhere, the way everything is still and quiet in the early-morning hours before the terns arrive. I’ll miss the dolphins that some-times feed when the sun sets. I’ll even miss the smell of sulfur from the rotting seaweed at the base of the shore, the way that it fills the house and penetrates our dreams while we sleep.
Who followed their Commander,
People with genetic illnesses or who carry genetic illnesses in their genes should not be allowed to procreate. And, yes, I believe is a form of NEGATIVE EUGENICS based on preventing genetic illnesses and deformities. If they are not ill and the doctor projects they can physically perform their duties as a parent and a provider, then they can adopt.
Staying in vs Moving out?
Find a friend! -
Well finally getting the chance to sit down and replenish the dryfly box with the fly patterns that match the hatches on my local rivers here in south Wales at the moment .
My father has always been very Christian and conservative – and if you meet him you would never know it unless you asked him. He does not go to Church every Sunday. He does not sing songs about God to express his love for Him. He doesn’t tally his points toward heaven by counting prayers or good deeds. He is just GOOD, no need to check off the itemized rulebook of “how be a Christian”. He knows the book and he understands the ideas. He does not shove his thoughts on modern issues unless asked. He is at peace this way; he is a good man who shows his faith and strength of character in his actions. Isn’t that what everyone wants? To be at peace and know what they stand for, to make friends and not enemies. My father has perfected this. I look up to his calm confident tolerance more than he will ever know. We are on opposite sides of the same coin, but we both realize that it’s the same coin. We are happy in our own ways while living together harmoniously. (DAMN that was cliché!! Whatever…)
Thin shavings of ricotta salata
The Last Condo Board of the Apocalypse is a funny novel. Despite my quibbles with some of the aspects of the characterization, world building and pacing, I did keep reading and finished the book in under twenty-four hours. Don't expect deep ruminations on the meaning of life or the reason for existence; this is a fun story about how an unlikely group of people safe the world – or at least Pothole City – from its end, no more. If you accept it as such, the book is a good diversion on a cold winter afternoon, driving away the gloom with its humour and its author's easy writing style. If you're looking for a quick, diverting read, I suggest you give The Last Condo Board of the Apocalypse a try. The book will be out from Curiosity Quills Press on February 29th.
Our guide took us to get Brielle's visa and then we literally went down the street to the train station. Helen was so wonderful! It was sad to say good-bye to her. She shared so many stories of her childhood with us and was very open with any questions we asked of her.
Students serve as the barn crew at FVS so, before they can ride in the afternoon, each one has assigned barn chores to complete. I really like this system, as it makes sure that every minute in the saddle is truly earned and appreciated. What’s more, it gives the students a better opportunity to get to know the horses in the program – and understanding the nature of horses is definitely at the root of becoming a successful IEA and IHSA rider!
If you were to keep your same payment you can lower the amortization so you can payoff the mortgage a lot faster. By keeping your mortgage payment at $1635 per month and taking the 3.29% rate you can start your new mortgage at a amortization of 19 years. That alone just saved you 6 years of mortgage payments! Change your payments on this mortgage from a monthly payment to a Bi-weekly rapid payment and when your mortgage renews in 5 years again you will have 12 years of mortgage payments left! That’s 18 years of mortgages off your mortgage in just 10 years of paying.
A fact that's bound to summon a retort!)
2. Because of the thermal inertia of water – short term noise is smoothed out.
A glorious band, the chosen few
"A minute thirty-eight." Delivering the clipped, exact answer seemed to rally Dagdan's spirits a little. In her head, Pevan took up the count; nine, forty, one, two...
Is the freedom I give my child really mine to give in the first place?
3. today is laundry day. In doing said laundry, I noticed one of my daughters didn;t have any clothes in there. And since I know she wore clothes last week, I know she has laundry. So I went to her room, and found all of last weeks clothes wadded in her drawer, and under her bed, and on her closet floor. No, this isn;t a new thing. We do this every week. I toss her room, pull out old clothes, and she get to fix it. But for some reason, it was more irritating today.
Have you ever experience a variant of the above?
After seeking my children's opinion, I gladly went ahead to prepare this dish...Braised Pork Belly with Hard Boiled Eggs, 卤蛋红烧肉.
almost 5 years old, and ready to take on the world!
I actually feel sorry for the children who have to carry a cell phone. I got away with so much stuff when I was little. My mom had to hunt me down almost every day during the summer. That meant an extra 30 minutes of play. Kids today have their parents attached to their hip, literally. Just one text or ring and it will be over.
I think I will be moving onto dance after yoga, I signed up for tango classes through the university and am really excited for that to start. It will be a little hectic for the first week, as it will be the last Sunday of the challenge, but i will figure something out.
We of course adored Across the Universe, and named our annoying brother and sister dogs Max and Lucy after the siblings on the movie. (I feel confident in telling you their names because they don’t listen to a damn thing I say so if you come to the Compound with malicious intent they could very well bite your face off even if you do know their names. So there.) I enjoyed all of the songs, but TV Carpio’s version of the pop-y cheerful song turned sorrowful and longing is just gorgeous. She did it so wonderfully.
One obvious change from the first leg for Madrid was how high they pressed in the early stages. Xabi Alonso saw a lot of the ball past the centre-circle, allowing him to ping long-raking diagonal balls which first saw Di Maria tee-up Khedira to shoot tamely at Manuel Neuer and then for Marcelo to cross for Angelo Di Maria to drive a volley that David Alaba was adjudged to have blocked with his arm. Ronaldo slotted home the penalty and Madrid led 1-0. Khedira was also driving forward, Bastian Schweinsteiger couldn’t get out of his own half and when Toni Kroos came back to help, he was unconvincing in a 50-50 with his native countryman Khedira, and the ball broke for Ozil to tee up Ronaldo to make it 2-0 with his 59th goal of the season.
The tragedy of it all is that the correct economic policies are ignored, the bad economic policies are claimed to have never been implemented and the truly dangerous economic policies are becoming the standard approach to solving policy issues.
I will not expose my children to the pressure to perform on a meaningless exam that is not required for promotion or graduation. My children are human beings and not a piece of data or number from one to four.
Challenges this card qualifies for:
2) Client does not need an hourly update
Pros: Fun, sexual, tall, muscular, not complicated, I feel almost like he’s the boy version of me. Our dates are so much fun and he has a great sense of humour
D.H: No play, ball in the air, on the ground, game over!
All winners will have 7 days to claim their prize otherwise a new winner will be re-drawn.
The theater was pretty nice — nothing fancy or special about it, actually. There weren’t any previews — or those “Silence is Golden” ads — and the movie started right away. To my relief, the movie wasn’t dubbed in Korean (because, well, let’s be real: there was maybe a 10% chance of it or something) but there were Korean subtitles at the bottom — a lot like those bootleg movie cams you can download. However, Korean movie etiquette is quite different here: a bunch of people were on their phones a lot during the movie, and one dude even had a phone call and didn’t hesitate to answer it and start his phone conversation. I was tempted to throw my empty food containers at him and cuss him out:
60ml water
Meal Helper- Help cook, set table or counter, get water for everyone.
Her child, her only child,
8 ounces finely chopped semisweet or bittersweet chocolate
As the train rumbled along, I thought of the A$400,000 I'd sold my one-bedroom apartment in South Yarra for the year before. I thought of the building, and how a prostitute had moved in next door. And then I thought of the chateau, with the gatehouse and estate. Thinking of these stark difference in property prices between France and Australia made me sick for the rest of the trip.
Our economists tell us again and again that food subsidy might not be a very good idea and that our coffers are empty. Then, it is must let’s stop being elitist and speak about other subsidies. If necessary, curb these subsidies for the rich and feed people.
Parents of kids with special needs often wrestle with prickly spiritual questions. I sure did. Sometimes I still do. So do all the parents interviewed in this book, and most of the professionals, too. Every day, we continue to ask questions about our kids’ lives and futures. Gradually, we learn more about how to trust God’s timing and wait for His answers.
for safety, I did pour each cup. They loved seeing the tea leaves as they were caught in the strainer,
I'm going to try to link up to Visible Monday once again, even if it is Tuesday now -- life is so busy these days, isn't it?! Still, if you can find the time, take a peek at Patti's collection of Visible Bloggers -- always fun.
1/3 cup green onions, chopped
The “Les Mis” defense is tricky as a literary device, let alone a legal defense, since you have to turn a criminal into a hero. As Victor Hugo proved, to get there you have to really stack the deck.
in A&E with my
Other pluses: they do take away, so if you’re out hiking for the day you can swing by early and pick up a packed lunch before you go. There’s wi-fi for those ‘flash-packers’ with notebooks and there’s also a little shop where you can buy things like soap, locally grown veg, spices and other health bites like oats, which are harder to find in Thailand than you might think…
Again, this would be the smaller businessman swindling those below him as a form of service to the bigger businessman (i.e. the ‘dingo‘ who is on top of the chain, safe from the rain).
But will you please vote first? That's all I ask. It won't count as an entry, but it will help to ensure high-quality giveaways in the future.
» launchView
The environment for our type of success was highly favorable. Technology flourished on a bed of homespun operations. Individuas who would not have had voice before found speech through websites, blogs, podcasts, and the like. We were able to live out our destinies as individuals, just as we had expected to.
During rather a desperate episode where we were housebound due to chicken pox, I tried to make the girls their own tipi, using bamboo and some sheets. It was utterly rubbish (I blame the broken wrist).
Mama stop! Turn around; go back! Think it over.
Harley-Davidson is at a point where they can make the transformation from the perennial also-ran to a motorcycle industry jauggernaut that pushes the envelope in its designs while other companies try to catch up. Or the Hyundai equivalent will…
This is a post from my personal blog. It was my first blog. I use it to post photos, share quotes, music, videos, write poetry, personal thoughts, etc. The thing is that Blogger makes it really easy to post HTML code. I haven’t figured out how to do that on WordPress.
And with that, that is all the photos that made the ‘cut’ from the other day. If I took your shot, and gave you my card, and you haven’t appeared – sorry, the photo I took of you wasn’t good enough..my bad, I’m crap.
practice...perfection...significance...
I am a very visual person and such am taking in everything I see, letting the images impact me in whichever way. Often it's the Tibetan prayer flags dancing in all colors in the wind, the smiling faces, the hanging pieces of fresh cut meat on the side of the road, the rickshaws, the birds, the hot steaming Chai in front of me, the free running monkeys approaching gently to take the piece of banana I offered out of my hand (his fingers touched mine and I squeaked in happiness about the new feeling of his wrinkly skinn on mine). And then again it's the begging woman with her not even dressed child on the side of the road, the sad eyes of the man without legs, the dog missing half of his fur showing all the rip cage, the what used to be a river and is now filled with trash river bank (imagine the smell in addition), the man washing the plates in a bucket on the side of the road in dirty smelly water, the cockroach running across the counter of the cafe at the Stupa (actually this one I only laugh about now). I had a thought today that we are all going to drown in trash some day. I don't think we are far off. The other really big thing here in Kathmandu is the electricity situation. The town is said to have approximately 2Mio people. No one knows exactly. The electricity is such that it runs for maybe 4 hours at a time, for maybe a total of 6-8 hours a day, but you never know exactly when it comes on and when it goes off. So I learned to write my emails in word first and then copy paste quickly and sent quickly. I learned the hard way of course, as three times right in the middle the screen went black. And then from there everyone knows that for the next 4-5 hours there is nothing. So, you get up and go home or do whatever you do without electricity, which in fact is not so much if you think about it. During the day seems fine and having food can be managed with gas, but all else - just think about it. I tried to imagine San Francisco this way and just couldn't. You can't. No wonder I go to bed earlier here with no lights to read any more after 9pm, but I am also up super early at 6 am to catch the most day light I can. I am in the mids of all this what people live here day in (actually I am spoiled being at the hotel with running water and generator for the kitchen) and what I am sensing is how much it controls the people, the power over power. It's oil that rules the world money, but it's power that rules the peoples lives. It simply sucks. Of course I could say, let's go back to how it used to be with candles and tomatoes in the gardens, but this is a big city and going back for us is not an option when you also try to make money and play the game of the world with tourism and world politics. Oh man. All this is not written in your travel hand book, but you get for free.
In the dearth of evidence damning IVF comes a story of a couple who went through numerous IVF cycles before finally achieving a successful pregnancy. When they wanted to have another baby, they went back to IVF. Yet this time, they were in for a surprise when the doctor told them they were expecting triplets! But, according to the expectant father, three was just too many and his wife insisted, despite his pleadings, on a “selective reduction”­which resulted in two of their three preborn children being killed prior to birth. He relates,
I first grew the Virginia creeper against the house itself.But I wanted the room to be pleasant to be in, and not sweltering hot in summer.
I calmly walked over, asked for the Holy book, and told them both to go wait for me in the living room.
This just isn’t your normal rollercoaster of a season; this is a Kingda Ka type of a season. The Knicks have endured 23527 lineup changes, the two and a half weeks of Linsanity, Carmelo pouting and complaining so much that Mike D’Antoni slammed the exit door, the breaking down of Amare’s back, the emergence of a pissed off Carmelo who was finally happy to run his dictatorship on the floor, but now the season will be remembered for that glass box that STAT just couldn’t resist breaking. It’s not like the Knicks had a chance to beat the Heat. They could’ve stolen a game from the Heat if Amare had a throwback game, but he doesn’t get the ball enough to level out the scoring from Wade and Bosh.
(Looking at Robin)
