A whole album from these two would be a very interesting thing indeed.
In writing your story, did you ever find yourself concerned with how to best approach "edgy" behavior on the part of your characters? If so, what were your thoughts, and what did you conclude? Why do you think your decision was the right one?
･Desire HD
410-290-3434
First, Tupperware's innovative new SmartSteamer is on sale at 40% off! This product was recently featured on the Dr. Oz show. You can view the segment vidoe by clicking on the button in the sidebar.
Using the entire charm pack leaves 8 left over squares. I used these to make a pieced backing.
Oh an I thought that the fat cunt was supposed to be on a diet, chomping down on banana's and such like? Still looks like the same fat, lying about going jogging fat bastard he always was; the cunt.
I also grabbed a few bottles of my favorite wine as a beer drinker, Mondavi Fume Blanc 07. In culinary school we had this wine during one of our wine tasting days in wine class. I was skeptical during most of this wine class but this wine opened up my eyes with it's distinct light smokiness. If you love beer and hate wine, grab a bottle...close your eyes...and think fruity barreled tripel. Just don't expect the bourbon rush from Allagash Curieux. Also be amazed at the fact that this 14.5% wine goes down cleaner than some of the 5% brews in the local market. It's a great deal for my favorite wine.
One of the distinctions a watch bearer or buyer has to make when perusing the endless list of options available on the internet or in traditional stores is between watches with casual design or watches featuring a more extravagant and glamorous look. As one may suspect, the distinction is not clear at all, and for most of us, settling the dispute between casual and glamor in terms of watch design is a combination of cultural definitions and individual taste. The common ground walked by most of us when choosing what we like or not in a watch has helped…
Hillary Clinton has a completely different look in the picture, but tells a lot as well. Her hand to the mouth has been assumed by many to be a gasp, when in fact she says that she was simply covering a yawn. Either way, I think her placement and stature in the picture shows that she's one of the main players. Where the president's role is unquestioned, and therefore he needs no show, cabinet members have specific roles that seem to overlap in situations such as these, and therefore it can create tricky situations as to whose in charge and whose responsible for what. But as we see here, Hillary Clinton is sitting next to the Secretary of Defense, in a prominent position of both power and decision-making. She's not as dressed down as the other people in the room, and looks like she's either wearing what she's been wearing all day, or she dressed back up for what she knew would be an important occasion. She could very well be the president in this situation, with Obama as a cabinet member had history been just a little different (although I assume he would have dressed up a little more).
Striped top: Bebe. Black pants: office uniform by Invio. Necklace: bought it online. Earrings: from Hongkong (at first I thought I bought them in Indonesia, then I realized I was mistaken. Perhaps that means I have too many earrings?) Bangle bracelet: Le Marie. Gold sandals: Yongki Komaladi. White n gold bag: Hana (check out the gold flower pattern in the picture below)
SO ILL ADVISE ALL OF THE PEOPLE WHO LOOK AND GO ON THIS WEBSITE WILL HAVE TO NOT GO ON HERE FOR THE DAY.
Thanks for stopping by! Let me know if you end up trying this - I would love to see your results.
Some years we have celebrated Easter with a big lamb roast - not just a leg of lamb, but a WHOLE lamb turning on a spit in the backyard. You know if you are doing the whole lamb you will fill the house with friends and family and throw in a little souvlaki, tzatziki, pita, spanakopita, tiropita, feta, Greek potatoes, Greek salad, etc., for good measure.
No matter how nice you are, would you really be able to keep your cool and continue to be a wonderful witch if all this was going on in your life? Or would you think about coming up with some creative hexes to put a few people in their place?
This is a fairly random piece of writing, which I suppose makes sense, considering it's about the world of dreams. Jarrell tells of a boy who can fly—or float, actually—at night. He appears to be somewhere between 8 and 10. In the first few paragraphs David seems pretty ordinary, living in a pretty neighborhood where he climbs trees with the cat. But then we learn "At night David can fly." Though apparently he has trouble remembering these dreams and how to fly when morning comes. Anyway, we follow David one night as he floats into his parents' bedroom, where he can see what they are dreaming:
CRUNCH!
$7 for up to 2.5 hours Sun
The same judge that ruled in my favour, Mr Justice Tugendhat, ruled in June 2010 that in order to bring a claim for libel, claimants must prove that they have been substantially affected by the offending article, rather than simply being able to demonstrate an adverse effect of publication. The ruling was made in response to a claim against Lynn Barber and the Telegraph Newspaper Group over a book review, and applauded by journalists and news organisations as a step forward for press freedom.
are still problems,
2) Season with mayonnaise and a little vinegar. (I added a little curry powder this time.)
How to Hire the Right Home Improvement Contractor
Alice certainly misses the message. Maybe in the sequel, someone in China can set her straight.
Aug. 17 – In “Spiritually Motivated Activism” Barbara Fields, Executive Director of the Association for Global New Thought (AGNT) discussed her work to implement and create programs that engage more and more organizational and citizen participation in manifesting a more peaceful planet. The Everyday Hero is Monique Ruffin sharing how Prayers Change U.S. is changing the hearts and minds of each American citizen toward generating policies and laws that enhancing the well-being and potential within all people.
The green is YG 03, 63, 67
Tallgrass Halcyon - Thirst-quenching, refreshing and sessionable, Halcyon is the tailgate beer you might want to turn to in the later summer months, when the weather is especially hot or sweltering and a super hoppy IPA just doesn't sound quite as appealing. Out in the sun, you could easily put down a lot of this pale wheat beer without thinking twice.
Okay so let us start with the spells, because they aren’t very exciting to look at. The whole idea is actually that the creature set-up is very different from the usual Frites set-up. Even that setup can change around a lot depending on the format where you are or how you prefer to win.
When I return to evil throes,
YVONNE (39) is all into her ballet and modern dance. By now, she has successfully managed that rare feat of going from dancing to choreography. However, when she is between life and death as a result of an attempt on her life, the time machines need rewinding, in a search for light.
What is that solution?
ASSOCIATED PRESS
A sharp, crackling command and the file of twelve men assumed rigid positions at attention. Another command, and their rifles were at their shoulders; each man gazed down his barrel at the breast of the women which was the target.
So as most of you know, my daughter Emily is my preemie. She is still on the small side even at almost two years of age. Her upper half is right with a child her age. It is just her legs and waist that are behind. She has just recently started walking and she does talk but not in the way that most children her age do. I do work with her several times a day to try and get her to talk more. It is a slow process. Here is a list of words that she can say right now: here, thank you, yeah, kk(katelynn), mary, mommy, daddy, stop, just, be, nice, and McDonald. It is really cute to hear her say McDonald cause she says it in a sing song type of voice.
Shirt: GAP
88 by
2 It's about time. What took you so long?
5. It was a very exciting reunion when I was finally able to stop a chat for a minute. You can tell I haven’t seen Otis in weeks (or so it may seem to him).
This week Sugar Creek Hollow challenge want you to make MOTHER'S DAY cards. Your cards must be vintage, shabby chic or primitive. I'm proud to be sponsoring them this week and their DT has done a wonderful job of providing some very inspirational cards using some of my favourite digital stamps. Thank you ladies. Please pop on over to Sugar Creek Hollow and join in this fun challenge.
Here's a look at my skirt's waistband:
Since then Mazabuka is in Riot state, and VSO decided to evacuate three volunteers to Lusaka. And we are advised not to travel through Mazabuka (meaning that Southern Province is more or less cut off) as Rioters erected makeshift road-blocks, and apparently some Vehicles passing through got stoned.
I've worked with metal clay but I wouldn't exactly say I was an advanced metal clay artist. So I'm worried everyone else will be a master and I'll be the dumb one in the class.
To actually write the color poetry is very easy. I have students look at their Renaming Crayons sheet and choose their 3-5 ideas. If I were to do this activity in second grade would most likely choose 3, and in fourth grade I would chose 5 ideas. Then drafting is simple! Students start the poem with the color and then each of their color names is one line. The poem ends with the color again. Here is an example:
I managed to maintain a straight face.
Slow down a little bit because mama isn't ready for that yet!
Any questions you have, just put them in the comment section, and I'll answer them in the next post. You can ask about my favorite book, movie, what my book is about, how I got interested in writing, why I'm majoring in theatre, or anything else you can think of! I'm an open book!
Lactantius struggles, without real success, to account for the role of rhetoric when truth is supposed to have the power to convince all on its own. His own experience may lead him to feel the power of rhetoric, but his commitment to the compelling force of truth on its own leaves no place for rhetorical assistance.
to reach
Today, I'm coming to you with some ideas, tricks and troubleshooting techniques for avoiding and removing thread knots. Because, let's be honest, there's nothing quite as irritating as getting a knot in the middle of your thread length while binding a quilt, applying an applique, embroidering, etc. So here are some tricks to avoiding and eliminating those pesky knots!
So if you’re wondering if you need to detox – here is a list I found on Sally Joseph’s blog sallyjoseph.com.au
When I woke with a start, it was 9:30 pm. Yikes! Did we miss the night's entertainment? Was everyone gone home to bed? Um, no. Little did we know that a late night was ahead of us. It's a really good thing we had our nap.
No doubt there are more ways that children get abused, some parents even abuse their own children, sexually or with the fist, these will be the fathers who boast that their little girl is sweet sixteen and never been kissed! The otheres will be mothers’ who force or sell their children however much those children resist.
Until next time~~~~ Travel Safely
What has modesty to do with smoking? Not much, it would seem, except that they both serve as handy cultural barometers. I am visiting Thomas Aquinas College where a number of things “stand out” as counter-cultural. The first thing a worldly visitor notices is the students’ modesty in dress and demeanor.
President Joseph F. Smith has said in relation to this question: “Those who have taken upon themselves the responsibility of wedded life should see to it that they do not abuse the course of nature; that they do not destroy the principle of life within them, nor violate any of the commandments of God. The command which he gave in the beginning to multiply and replenish the earth is still in force upon the children of men. Possibly no greater sin could be committed by the people who have embraced this gospel than to prevent or to destroy life in the manner indicated. We are born into the world that we may have life, and we live that we may have a fullness of joy, and if we will obtain a fullness of joy, we must obey the law of our creation and the law by which we may obtain the consummation of our righteous hopes and desires — eternal life.”
Just the other day, a friend of mine who is an English major begins to rattle off questions about my opinions of certain business/political issues. He simply equates the country’s current economic situation as “out of control” and that (hopefully he was joking!) the “end-of-times are upon us!” He makes the point that Uncle Sam doesn’t watch his spending, why should he?
I stood before the little house with its low roof and cheerful potted clivias that were just beginning to flower – a riot of orange. It seemed unfair that she should have these bright, happy flowers when the garden of my life had just been destroyed by a storm that she had unleashed.
Taking this route to Tok added 600 more miles to our journey, compared to going to Chicken and then down to Tok. But the upside to this situation was that we got to drive alongside the beautiful Kluane National Park - something we otherwise would not have done. But, I'm getting ahead of things a bit.
Thoughts for a beautiful weekend,
My answer:
has become the cornerstone.
Let us return to the days of boilersuits, glow sticks, Vicks and all things mental.
How superstitious are you? I can honestly say that I avoid walking under ladders, get a little freaked out by black cats walking in front of me and still try and avoid stepping on cracks (as I really don’t want to have to look after my mother any sooner that is necessary).
What is the fund?
"What should we do this weekend?"
The group placed about 100 black paper "grave markers" beside Wescam's entrance. Each bore the name of a civilian, some as young as two, who the group says have been killed in Afghanistan or Iraq.
I was quite shocked by this narration.
I am so tired of your smirking, stupid voice. "Nails on a chalkboard" would be the most charitable comparison. Towards the end, it was more like a broomstick in a generator. For at least the past six years, I have turned off HOW many news programs because, unbidden, the howl would escape from my lips..."Oh, god, he's TALKING again!"...and off it would go.
CNN Political Unit
Easter isn't anything without chocholate delights! Here are some of my favourites.
One of the first things we see is Mordecai’s devotion to his God that compels him to take a stand. Doing what is right because it is right is the spirit of honor. Stay with us as we dig deeper.
Okay, you're sick of this by now, aren't you? Well, we're almost done.
But when I took my first look at the day
By choosing Vantage, you are also enlisting the services of our distributor, Ingram Publisher Services. IPS is an affiliate of Ingram Book Company, the largest book wholesaler in the world. IPS exclusively warehouses, ships, and sells Vantage books. Other Ingram companies allow us to make ebook editions available and give us versatility in printing.
I have also just sent my image and text off to Vogue, to be featured in the article 'A Royal Abode', which will hit the shelves in June. Very exciting.
Since this is a list of indie performers we’d like to see on the show, we will only select from indie or underground artists, although we are being a little flexible on what we consider indie/underground. Likewise, we will be open to performers from all genres, provided that they are indie or underground, so rappers, rockers, electronica singers, folk singers, etc. are all permitted.
Time has past and I have to be honest I haven’t really been losing sleep over my pop-tart inexperience. But last night my lovely, quirky and very special friend presented me with a box of pop-tarts imported all the way from the USA. So this morning my palate has enjoyed the sweet stickiness of pop-tart delights.
-YES chants finally show up everytime Ziggler lands a hit.
In Flanders fields the poppies blow
Fi is writing a blogpost for her (not new, more restored) blog and would love some visitors. So get thee over to www.manic-muse.blogspot.com
For those of you who like a bit more modern and still want that splash of color this sheet is PERFECT. You can decorate a room in browns, creams, and whites, giving it a very relaxing feeling and then just add that pop of orange to make it feel young. This pattern is not something you would expect for a nursery either but it's still really cute and something that isn't cookie cutter from a magazine. I like that because I feel like therehas been less suggestion planted in my brain and its more of my creativity to flow with it in decoration!
I did a bit of investigating to find out how to cut and cook the zucchini. Most recipes tell you to cut the zucchini into thin even strips with a mandolin. We don’t have one, so I used a knife instead. As for cooking time and method, it varies, some recipes tell you to fry the zucchini in oil and garlic for 2 minutes, others tell you to boil the zucchini for 1-2 minutes.
She’s the person I discuss Bones with and send text messages to about our TV shows and celebrity gossip. She’s my example in who I want to be when I grow up. And, she’s younger than me. Which she never lets me forget.
I can't explain it but the older I get, the more my children seem in control, and the quicker I seem to lose mine. On the other hand, clearly, I have to ask myself what is wrong with me?
My heart is lonely. I don’t know where to find words to express myself. I’m tired of being sad and achy inside. I’m tired of blaming my loneliness on the things that aren’t right in my world.
While I was on holidays in Fiji recently I read a book about the Archimedes Palimpsest which was my first real exposure to the study of Archimedean and Greek mathematics outside of school. It really was fascinating but in the context of markets and the economy I was struck by the quote attributed to him about leverage:
I had my 20 week ultrasound today and Kaelen is getting a little brother. I'm so excited to be having another boy. To still have the opportunity to experience raising a little boy. I was totally positive that this was a little girl... I thought for sure it had to be but nope, he proved me wrong and fooled me just like his big brother did... that is, until he bared it all on the ultrasound screen for his Mama. I spotted the goodies before the tech even said anything so that was neat too... lol.
Chris Bell - Shem-El-Nesime: An Inspiration In Perfume
SOUTHERN: Davidson served notice to the nation earlier this season when it beat Kansas. It followed that impressive win up with a 16-2 league record. The Wildcats have a solid RPI and is far and away the best team in this league, but I don’t have a good feeling about them winning the conference championship. There’s one team though, which has been knocking on the door and that’s the College of Charleston. The Cougars have won six of their last seven and they’ll carry that momentum into a SoCon championship.
German Irises - these are just about the most glorious of all the irises.
Today is THE day in celebrating the lives, memories, and hope of Ovarian Cancer by wearing the color teal! - September has been chosen to be the month of Ovarian Cancer Awareness - aka the silent killer - as many of you know i'm at a very high risk for getting ovarian cancer being BRCA positive - most of the time ovarian cancer is caught too late and the survival rate when caught isn't pleasant, to say the least.
An acquaintance of mine recently asked if I intended to make my blog all about women’s issues. I said no, but then I realized that the next couple of posts that I was working on were all about political lady business of some stripe or another. This bugs me a little, because I want this to more all-encompassing of a whole host of issues, and I assure you, I will get there. But it is a campaign year, and chick stuff has taken center stage. So, my deep thoughts on the genius of Joy Division are just going to have to wait a while, along with my wish for the Stone Roses reunion tour to make its way stateside.
Georgetown University
6. Joe Jackson seems to come out with a great album about every five years.
I watched Live-Aid and documentaries about it and Band-Aid. I avidly followed Bono and Bob Geldof’s wranglings with world-leaders and read about my fellow U2 fan friends in America promoting the One Campaign. I watched Product RED get launched and observed how this initiative attempted to make activism sexy, by working with the consumer brands to donate money back to the Global Health Fund.
I was at two Awards ceremonies recently – both attending by Noble Lords and Ladies from the House of Lords: the Asian Achievers Awards and the Asian Who’s Who International. But of course the most significant awards ceremony this past week has been that held by the Nobel Committee.
I just got back from a week in Florida. I'd say it was hot but it's actually much hotter in Missouri right now! Right before I left I just missed out on a fantastic deal on a Brasilia dresser. I found it at my local thrift (which never has anything remotely interesting) but it was not priced. It took me a few minutes to track down someone to get the price for it and she told me another lady was already at the register trying to get a price on it! I kept my fingers crossed that she wouldn't want it but for $40 she snatched it up. I can only hope it's not now sporting some awful new paint job.
That’s my hope too.
But, since time is money, as they say, I am most certainly open to donations from readers who enjoy my writings or who agree with me that it communicating the faith and the news that directly affects us as Catholics, is a good thing.
Datuk Seri Hishammuddin Hussein accused the Bar Council of “damaging its credibility and integrity” by rushing Friday’s extraordinary general meeting (EGM) where it resolved to condemn the police for alleged brutality when dispersing tens of thousands at the April 28 Bersih rally while Datuk Seri Nazri Aziz said the council “should dissolve itself for bringing disrepute to the legal profession” and mooted a legal academy for all law graduates after the Malaysian Bar also resolved to demand an apology from the home minister and police chief.
Harmony does not only apply to real life but also within and also with in MMO’s. Well lol that is my own twisted opinion. Without harmony, we might as well live in anarchy as a society of hunter/gatherers.
Deputy Joan Collins: ￼ ￼ That is because of high unemployment rates.
Label: Bad ass
100g (1/2 cup) basmati rice
“Open it! I don’t have all day. It’s about time for my nap.”
Beat in egg
The band has since gone on to post the kids' version on their webpage! So BIG congrats to the kiddos!!
This love of teaching and seeing others eyes light up when they see their “Artistic Creation” after thinking they had no Artistic Flair in them led to the beginning of my endeavor of teaching adults Altered Art, Scrapbooking & Jewelry design
It was fitting then that he died in his living room while watching TV.
So Mr. Stansberry is not so much offering a solution to the problem of corrupt corporations and the government that regulates and allows them to operate in such a way, but instead offers a way to use the most destructive and dangerous method in history (usury) to make money off of other money by participating in the corruption. In other words – to make a bet that one or more corporations and the dollar will fail, and make money from that failure. It is a mind-boggling comprehension that this method of wealth-building is even allowed by law (legal code), considering the historical aversion and destruction caused from usury to most all past “economies” in history, and of course the writings of all but one religious text that is absolutely opposed to and abhorrent of this usurious method of profit-banking.
Challenges for this card
A couple of weeks ago, I noticed some retro-looking Schwinns advertised in the Target sale ad, and just as in high school, I couldn't seem to let it go. I wanted one. Marketing experts have got us 30-somethings pegged with nostalgic toys. Cabbage Patch Kids, Smurfs, Care Bears, Transformers, and now bikes with big, high handlebars and baskets attached to the front. Very likely we are drawn to them because it makes us feel younger, comforted, happy. Or perhaps we're financially independent now, and can buy these things for ourselves, instead of begging our parents for months on end and wishing on stars.
Matthew 22:36-40 Master, which is the great commandment in the law? Jesus said unto him, Thou shalt love the Lord thy God with all thy heart, and with all thy soul, and with all thy mind. This is the first and great commandment. And the second is like unto it, Thou shalt love thy neighbor as thyself. On these two commandments hang all the law and the prophets.
In a small saucepan, boil butter, water and dates. Cool until lukewarm.
Is it because we’re at a point where some people refuse to talk about hockey with anyone who can’t rattle off a string of advanced stats? Or is it because the “watch the game” crowd has started chasing advanced stats geeks all over the internet, doing everything they can to point out what a waste of time numbers are?
Outside Dublin, €151,471 (peak €267,987)
Farfisa Beat
When eleven-year-old Melissa Corley was in the fifth grade, a presentation by then-astronaut Kenneth Reightler, Jr. inspired the youngster to pursue a career in the field of aeronautics and astronautics. As a student at The Hockaday School, in Dallas, Texas, Reightler’s remarks resonated with Corley, setting her on the professional path she follows today ─ as a Captain in the United States Air Force, and a doctoral candidate at the Naval Postgraduate School in Monterey, California.
Alexandre opened his mouth, but whatever he was going to say was lost in another clap of thunder. The rain started pounding down even harder.
Heat a large frying pan and add the sesame oil, sriracha and tomato paste. When hot, add the onion, carrot, celery and salt and pepper to taste. Cook until the veggies are well softened, then add the beans and a bit more salt. Fry these up for a few minutes, then add the noodles, fish sauce and rice wine and cook until it's done to your liking. Serve with soy sauce, fish sauce, sriracha, or whatever other sauces you like here. Serves 4.
Erik Wenzel
Today, being so rested from lack of running paid off. A PPTC teammate caught up with me in the last quarter mile. I was just hoping to hold steady. She yelled at me as she passed me and egged me on to follow her. She kept checking in with me and I grunted back. Final results are still pending but I'm pretty sure I owe her a PR.
Being a family together. And being happy.
After that I had double History, which was an interesting experience. I released the information of the EXISTENCE OF THIS BLOG!!! Let me explain. We were looking at a diary from someone who had been in a siege during the Boer War, and George asked us if any of us had a diary. Only 2 people raised their hands: Myself, and Megan. He asked me if mine was a Blog or private, and I said it was a Blog. Megan’s was just a written diary, that was in her room, and she filled in occasionally. Before I had said it was a Blog, I said I too only filled it out very occasionally. There was no point in keeping up that lie, except for that I had already said it. I was asked if it was possible therefore that they could see it, if it was an online one. I said “in theory, yes. But you won’t ever be able to find it.” There is no way they would be able to find it: I purposely never say my name in it, because otherwise all he would need to do is search “*my name* blog,” and it would probably be the top option. It doesn’t really matter that they know, it’s not as if there are any of my best friends in that class. He was right about one thing though: he said that if they were to read either one of our diaries, they would get a “big insight into our lives,” which is completely true, and exactly what I want to avoid :) I sometimes wonder, whether or not I actually want someone I know to discover the Blog. Keeping it a secret is very tricky, plus I don’t know, the fear is what makes it exciting. I suppose it’s like having an affair with someone: the risk of getting caught is the thrill. But whether I want to or not, I HAVE TO KEEP IT UNREAD :)
has a happy ending...or rather a happy middle bit...(who am I kidding? I`m not even a quarter way there yet) with another 5 happy scrappy grannies joining the group. They are reminding me of golf jumpers.
clad in sky & shivers,
I am an English Teacher, Tutor and Workshop Facilitator. I casually teach English at an ‘acceleration’ school that supports primary school children in achieving scholarship level academic performance. At this school, I was also appointed as Head Teacher of Grade 3 for 2006, and have designed curriculum, written tests and examinations and provided many supplementary resources.
I needed a couple days to catch up...do you know I let myself be sick for 3 and 1/2 weeks before I finally went to the doctor? Am I the only mother out there that doesn't allow themselves to be sick? I say that...but what else are we really supposed to do. I mean, we don't really have understudies, do we. Anyway after all that time and not getting any better I finally was stressed with a capital BUMMED and decided I better go find out what was wrong with me: "You are very sick. You have severe blahbity blah with a case of the dumbs and you would be going to the hospital today if it wasn't for blah blah pneumonia blah". But you know what is amazing?? How fast a shot and and some medicine packs can change your life.
2013
Tomorrow I will be subbing for my mother-in-law. Last year her students made a poster for me and brought it to the neighbouring class where I was teaching and sang “Happy Birthday”; I’m curious to see if there will be a reprise of this. Happy birthday to me, Eddie Van Halen, and Australia!
This is my true homebase. A firm unchanging place. Everything else will fail. God and His people are my home.
If you are hiking, use either a lightweight carbon fiber tripod or, like I did for the Cathedral Falls photo, a Joby Gorillapod. It lightens the load and allows you to take photos of beautiful waterfalls, even if they are miles along the trail.
what the what?
I used to think that love can conquer all. That all you needed was to love someone, and if things were meant to be, they would love you back and everything would all fall in place. It's given me great patience and courage, the quiet thought that my love can make miracles.
Hairband £3.50. P&P only £1 (or you are welcome to collect if you live locally, Cambs UK).
This one goes out to the ones I love. Guess what ringtone I got as my main right now? Go on guess. No? The 007 theme that’s what. Who hasn’t done that; who hasn’t hummed the James Bond theme song while stealthily skipping down the hall of a hotel at three A.M. in the morning to get a soda from the vending machine? No one. That’s who. You have, I have, and face it because your parents did too. Its cool right? Its cool to wanna waltz into a room with two beautiful women on each side where some earth shaking, plot making, espionage type things are going on. Unfortunately most of you will never be able to do that because you still have your apathy hat on.
250 air time: 9 hours, 50 minutes
John said that this novel had changed his previously firm view that the most important thing about a book is prose style, and Doug, arriving late and having missed the discussion up to this point, said independently that he thought the book was brilliantly written but basically tedious.
I'm pretty forgiving when it comes to books. Even ones that don't totally suck me in will still pull me through the pages, but they won't keep me up reading late into the night. I can put them down, walk away, come back sometime later when I feel like it. Only curiosity to know how it turns out makes me keep reading. I just don't read those ones again or often. The ones I sacrifice sleep for have brilliant writing and characters that grab me.
It appears that alongside the standard set up for play and turn taking is a standard guideline for the amount of beer in total to be used per round – two cans (total) of light or low strength beer! that’s light as in low carb and low strength as in light alcohol beer. Two cans!? No wonder it hasn’t taken off here. Can you imagine the Australian Variation Rules for an International series?
Every year late in the spring family and friends are sharing their summer destinations. I LOVE nature, I miss the Blue Ridge mountains, Great Falls, Sky Meadow, The Great Gully adjacent grandpas farm, sailing on the Finger Lakes in upstate NY, trips to The Outer Banks with my Aunt, hiking to Bridal Veil Falls with my mother. It's such a joy to see all the our Father in Heaven created for us to see. I'm blessed to have lived a life so full to have been able to witness all these.
National Board Chair Anne Copeland said the day was a perfect opportunity to reflect on the invaluable contribution of midwives not only in Australia but globally in tackling maternal, newborn and infant mortality. “Midwives working in Australia take pride in their work of caring for women and their babies. Midwives also contribute to the midwifery profession by providing important feedback to the National Board on registration standards, professional codes, standards and guidelines, and consultations relating to midwifery practice”, Ms Copeland said. “Their willingness to engage with the National Board is vital when determining evidence-based standards to guide the profession”.
I know I couldn't stop you.
I chose to wear my Violet Love mixed fishnet knee-highs in an Asian-inspired print becuase it was fun to me.
-Not losing a single pound until I stop nursing, sucks ever worse
SAVORY BREAD PUDDING
“That would be great.”
Rolling Stones - Exile On Main Street - 1972
But I am only just beginning to learn and in the words of the masterful Kanye West, "Everything I'm not made me everything I am"
On to Thing 5...digital citizenship. I watched a brief video on Internet Safety set to the tune of a Christmas carol. It was cute and would work well in a first grade classroom because of its entertainment value, along with the message it sends. Another nice feature is that the words are included on the video, so students could watch it several times and sing along. It would be a great way to introduce a more in-depth lesson on digital citizenship.
“Yep.”
Well. I thought I knew just about everything about my horse. I've had him for over 10 years for goodness sakes. But I learned something new. When my horse shuts down mentally because he is afraid, he flies backwards at about 15 mph. Which is a LOT faster than you'd think.
Everyone is willing to have a bit of folklorique Africana provided the city runs properly, the police, the schools, the hospitals and the roads all work.
Here I truly want to impress. This is the level where I lay down some new flooring and paint the walls ;) In reality I do all of the things I do in Level 2, Tier B but I go a step further and really deep clean. I scrub the kitchen floor, dust every surface, clean the microwave (inside/out), clean the outside of all appliances, clean the inside of the fridge and make sure which ever entry way they are coming in is spotless (may include weeding/mowing front yard). This level usually takes a week for me to complete. It is not often that I enter this level of cleaning but when it does come around, you can bet my kids have forgotten what I look like by the time the guest arrives ;)
And that fireplace! It's touted as the largest stone fireplace in Minnesota.
In a bizarre twist in the ongoing Craig Thomson scandal, reports are emerging that Bill Shorten intends to scrap the HSU and send it to administration.
Nothing and no one can hurt you!
I spent my ENTIRE alone time chasing stinkin' animals!!!
The only other Brits to win title during the poll’s 18-year history are Keira Knightley in 2006 and Kelly Brook in 2005.
Fri, 10pm: Really? Wasn’t the scene at Rosa Bonheur better last year? What happened?
Well there's the ugly of my project and I actually have some more ugly to show but let you have a reprieve and show you more inspiration pictures that I have Pinned for this project.
2. Mike_Reverb writes a really interesting blog about all kinds of stuff, art, culture, writing, inspiration, ect. He always posts some really cool or funny pictures, and he himself is a fine writer. Also, he makes a point to always write me very in depth comments, which is very appreciated.
I wear a Q-link necklace and a hematite bracelet to help counteract the radical electromagnetic shifts happening right now. One advantage of being so sensitive to energy is that I can offer multi-layered readings for people all over the world from my own living room. The downside of being so sensitive is that when the poles start shifting, I really feel it! When the Sun starts shooting coronal mass ejections of high vibe energy into Earth’s atmosphere, my crown chakra gobbles them up until it wants to explode. I know others have been experiencing this, too, as fevers, headaches, pressure, sleep disruptions (either too much or too little), and inability to concentrate. Last week, during the day following the largest CME’s, every single client had a migraine, and even with my Q-link my head hurt. I sure burned through a bunch of old patterns, though! Holy, moly — intense, then gone.
their God.
Put the notebook, stamp and ink pad in the box. Place everything in a plastic zipper bag and hide it.
CREATIVITY INSPIRES GENEROSITY. Each family was unique in how they chose to create this experience and what they chose to buy for another family. It was amazing to watch really. This past Thanksgiving, during a tradition of writing down what we're most thankful for during a thing we call the "blessing pot", my mom gave everyone $5 with the one pre-requisite that you would use it to bless someone else. It really made for some great conversations with my kids and 8 of us at the table pooled our money together and chose to buy a flock of chickens and a flock of geese from heifer.org Jake gave his to 1 friend to use in Uganda this summer. Tyler has been giving his money a dollar at a time to kids at school who forgot their lunch money. Generosity was in the air and creativity was rolling. So cool.
However the Minutes of that meeting are preserved for posterity in the University Archives at Mona. Some of the names of the persons present – the “Founding Fathers” of the University are immortalized in present day “Uwee” such as in Sherlock Hall, Cave Hill, the Philip Sherlock Centre Mona, (named after Sir Philip Sherlock, later Vice Chancellor); Irvine Hall, Mona, (named after Sir James Irvine, Chairman of the Committee which recommended the establishment of the University); Taylor Hall, Mona, (named after Sir Thomas Taylor the first Principal and the chair of the Provisional Council).
Writing Workshops for Tomorrow's Authors
Prayer: Dear Lord, We trust You with our lives. May we always be pliable as you work in us. Every day give us the exact ingredients that we need.
1. In your mixer’s mixing bowl, add the flour, salt, 2 teaspoons of sugar and yeast.
And whatever happened to Tracy?
today is driveby blogging.
She looked appalled and then her eyes filled with tears. “My husband has been having an affair. I guess I was thinking that if I got cancer, it might make him feel guilty
Oh, how awesome it would be if In the Loop actually made it in.
Private transit is a very good sign. If you follow transit advocates from the hinterlands like Sheryl Gross-Glaser or Helen Bushnell, they have a hard enough time trying to convince governments to provide transit to their citizens as a public service, as opposed to some charity for the desperately poor and disabled. The idea that it might ever be a profitable business is completely off their radar. But here in New York City we have so many people who want to ride buses that private operators are flooding in. Isn't that great?
“Lord Jesus, you nourish and sustain us with your very own presence and life-giving word. You are the bread of life – the heavenly food that sustains us now and that produces everlasting life within us. May I always hunger for you and be satisfied in you alone.” http://www.rc.net/wcc/readings/apr27.htm
The film practically canonises anyone who’s served in the US armed forces, too, especially veterans. Now I’m not saying that these people haven’t done significant deeds and made great sacrifices, and they’re not unworthy of our remembrance and praise, but crowbarring all of that into a fundamentally stupid film like this one makes the sentiment seem as crass and overblown as the rest of the story: it all seems so earnest and glib and schmaltzy at the same time. Most prominently, Gregory D Gadson plays a soldier who’s lost both his legs in combat, and is having psychological issues as a result. Needless to say, by the final reel he has got his mojo back and is (literally) using his prosthetic legs to kick alien butt. It would seem incredibly tasteless were it not so absurd.
but His Will
The Bronx Zoo was founded in 1899 as the New York Zoological Park, with 843 animals in 22 exhibits. A group of beautiful Beaux-Arts buildings designed by Heins & LaFarge surround a sea lion pool (seen in the photo) at the main entrance, which also features beautiful gardens. This is the largest zoo in the United States, covering 265 acres with more than 4,000 animals, many of them endangered species.
Lesley Duerden (Lab) 1,172
· Gmate is small and hidden away so you can use it discreetly
Stop bitching about the prices and eat some fish!
Inspiration is all around – It’s there – It’s You.
This is the last of this series. I have been pretty brutal in the last two. Bud Williams says the thing that is wrong with society is we are not nice to people. I asked him what he means by nice. He told me to be nice we need to teach people something so they can go make something of themselves. I hope what I write here makes a difference.
I started by chopping up a cup and a half of muesli in an attachment to the immersion blender. Moving that to a bowl, I mixed in 2 tablespoons of olive oil and about 3 tablespoons of agave nectar until I had a good crumble going. Then, I patted down a layer of the crumble into the bottom of the pie dish.
Daddy and Mommy get into the house and Mommy goes to take of her dog while Daddy gets mad and gets armed with his shotgun. He comes after them and spots Leroy. Leroy tells Fool to get away but Daddy thinks Leroy was talking to him and gloats as he shoots him dead. Fool hides in a cupboard but freaks out when a skinny figure with scary hair tries to grab him and he runs out and hides in the corridor. The police arrived outside and want to know about the van outside. Mommy tells them it’s not theirs and spots the Boy Scout uniform in the back. She realises that Fool was with the thieves and tells daddy to find him. Fool spots a rag doll tied to string. Some tugs the string and pulls the doll into a heating vent. Daddy is getting closer to finding Fool so he decides to follow the doll through the gaps between the walls until he comes out of the vent in different run-down part of the house and meets Alice
DOGHOUSE BOOKS invite you to the launch of "Rus in Urbe" by James Lawless to be launched by Catherine Murphy, Independent TD. Venue: Springfield Hotel, Leixlip, Co. Kildare. Time: 7.30pm. Admission: free. All are welcome.
and the earth thundered out beneath our horses' feet.
“Maybe there was a break in at Starbucks. They’re investigating.”
Morphine+
BF: In the case of Japan, again, I have sources who are actually drug smugglers. They have been selling drugs in Japan for 70 years.
Christan: When did you start telling people you had miscarried your second child?
It is a disaster — not only for the Latino students, but for all high school students in Arizona. Is it any wonder the Quality Counts compiled by Education Week journalists in 2012 gave Arizona a C- for its educational efforts overall and a D+ for its K-12 education?
13O spare me, that I may recover strength, before I go hence, and be no more.
has all gone by. (The freshness of beauty
I met with a new client this week who is in school to develop his skills in hopes of supporting his success. He believes if he can develop his skills as a digital artist then he will be more marketable. Indeed that is true but I noticed as an intuitive that Fred did not have a vision of his success. He did have steps and goals but without a clear vision he was just working hard. When I asked Fred what his vision was he described wanting to work with a major digital arts production company. I asked him if he could imagine that happening. He chuckled saying it was what he wanted. Wanting and having a vision are really different. Wanting creates…..wanting. Fred’s next step was to create a space of quiet (meditation) and start to see his vision of success.
plenty to wonder about
Very catty.
Also have to share this amazing little bug below which I stumbled upon looking over the lavender plants. This is a ladybug larvae … who knew? I figured ladybugs just hatched right out of eggs and went right to work.
The Star Cluster and Club Vertica are two separate casinos. One is for the Republic, and the other for the Empire. The only way to reach them is via the taxi service. Due to the faction ownership of the individual casinos it seems that PvP in these locations is not possible.
WriteWords is a UK-based site which charges an annual membership fee but which does have a very high proportion of published and successful writers in its members: consequently, the advice that you'll find there is well above average, and very valuable. It's very writing-focussed, with an excellent peer-review system across lots of genres.
I was the kid growing up who would sneak peeks at my Christmas presents.
Perhaps the nastiest of all trends, on-disk DLC is when publishers offer “downloadable content” that has actually been included on the game’s disk. Once again, publishers are locking away content that has already been paid for. This offence ranks above the rest because, unlike online passes, publishers aren’t spiting a group of people. This is not an act of anger or frustration. Publishers, like Capcom, claim that there is simply no difference between on-disk DLC and regular DLC. As a result, groups of gamers have started to protest Capcom, along with other main offenders. Cliffy Bleszinski, design director at Epic Games, sheds some light on the morality behind on-disk DLC, labelling it as an “ugly truth” in our beloved industry. In my opinion, if publishers want to lock away on-disk content, the price of the game should be lowered.
But then my daughter was assigned to read it for her high school English class, so here it was, in the house.
Other blog stuff: 1970s pop icons Gene Simmons and Rollie Fingers were each born on this date.
MP3 music compression, NetFrack announced, could turn a 50MB copy of song from a CD into a 3 or 4MB file, and turn hours per download into minutes. By 2008, according to the International Federation of the Phonographic Industry, 95% of all music downloaded on the Internet would be illegal. By the same token the easy transfer to 3D design files from which objects can be printed will transform retail and distribution.
trying VERY hard (after a very long day and an early rise)
nsnbc will be following the referendum closely to counter Western Corporate Medias “probable fabrications” in the case of an attempt to disrupt the referendum by violence or an assault by NATO mercenary forces.
Next up will be the Diamond League’s Shanghai meet this next weekend. Below is a look at Tyson Gay’s sterling effort in the 200 meters.
"The Beanie Baby Handbook by Lee and Sue Fox sold three million copies in two years and made #2 on the New York Time Bestseller list." -Groundbreaking.com
17. Cincinnati Bengals – Dre Kirkpatrick. This could be a match made in er, uh, someplace besides Heaven.
Some feel like its a waste of time, others think it is good practice.
You are probably wondering if there is going to be a prize for this hop. There is. It will be a Disney animated movie but I will reveal as to which movie it is going to be at a later time. To be eligible for this prize, you have to follow my blog and everyone else's blog that is in this hop. You also must leave me and the other wonderful ladies a comment in order to qualify for the prize. The grand prize will be awarded at the end of this month. You get one entry for each of the 4 blog hops during the series of Walt Disney Animated Movies Blog Hops during each of the Friday's in the month of April. So if you just choose one of the Fridays to attend, you would only get one entry but if you choose to attend all four hops during the month of April, you get a bonus entry since you came to all four hops, then you will receive 4 + 1 entries, which makes your chance of winning the movie go up with each entry.
The white card layer beneath the image's mat was run through an embossing folder, well twice actually, as these things really are not made the right size for our regular square cards are they? Whilst the join wasn't actually too bad, any discrepancy in the design was covered up anyway with the narrow floral lace onto which I also added a flower made using a Marianne Creatables die with the obligatory button in the centre.
Beethoven wrote his third symphony in honor of a great man, Bonaparte. He was seen as the liberator of the people, opening, from the French Revolution, a door to hope. When the First Consul declared himself Emperor, Beethoven became enraged and scowled out Bonaparte’s name from the score.
3. Don't make things more complicated than they need to be! You don't have to braid your daughter's hair every day. Tell her to brush it in the car. Or let her go with it messy and hope she starts a new trend. And you don't need to cook a 12 course meal. Fruit, yogurt, toast, Pop-Tarts, cereal! Quick, nutritious, quick, yummy, quick, inexpensive, quick, filling, and quick!
And let's not kid ourselves. Everything we've read has told us that this road to becoming a novelist will be one of the longest, emotionally-scarring, soul-crushing experiences there is. Which means to anyone watching, this is probably going to HIGH-larious.
Stacey had turned back toward the sea when Mattias finished talking and walked off. What he'd said helped, but he was right, killing that boy was sandpaper rubbing against a sunburn on Stacey's mind. Stacey was being asked to look at himself and change, but he had little direction. He wanted to be courageous, but not stupid, alive, but not bloodthirsty, and feeling, but not sad. After standing for a good while longer, he finally pulled himself down to the kitchen, where he pulled carrots our of his cleansing sack, some potatoes he had left over, and some beef he'd bought while in Andrill, and made a stew for the men. Cooking didn't cleanse his mind of the boy's lifeless face, but it did help him not to look at it so often.
Automatic switching between GSM bands
According to Webster, a rascal is a noun that by definition means a mean, unprincipled, or dishonest person. It’s quite commonly equated with children (most likely due to the influential United States television series and movie of the same name) and is at times spun to simply affiliate itself with a mischievous character. Despite it’s name, Iamamiwhoami’s “Rascal” shows anything but immaturity. Though it poetically articulates itself as one, the sonic perspective and deeper foundations paint a profoundly becoming protagonist, and a discerning outlook on preceding events.
Lyle Buettner, who works in Special Collections at Concordia Seminary Library, said he believes the Bible is one of about 40 remaining copies known to exist in the world. Buettner said the illustrations were also impressive. He told news reporters "Each time I see an illustration like this, I just think of how beautiful it looks and how much of a labor of love it must have been for the person who actually drew it." Reports said that church officials don’t know how they got the book and no one seems to remember how it got into the safe. Many of the church elders have been asked but nobody seems to recall ever hearing of the existence of the this piece of church history. The church is considering donating the centuries old Bible to a library in St. Louis in the future. But for now church leaders are looking to have a climate-controlled display box made and will keep it until their 150th anniversary in 2013, according to the news reports.
Then last night my friend Allison got to meet Caleb. She didn't want to go alone so I went and pointed him out and then read and walked around and kept myself entertained while they were visiting at Borders. Then the three of us decided it was time for dinner. We went to Freebirds and had fun. I am making an effort to eat healthier this year and I chose the whole wheat tortilla for my burrito bowl. Of course I also had a Shiner. I was feeling at the time like I may need one and was making my friend Kelly laugh in the text messages I was sending her. But I am happy that we had fun and that I am making some good eating choices.
Please join me in my fight to save Forest Park. Subscribe to this blog so you know when new posts are published. Acting together, we can do something to stop the destruction of the woods of Forest Park. Let's keep the forest in Forest Park.
So I decided to set my stop watch
For ten (years.)
To make my waistband I cheated a little bit. Measure how big your elastic is, multiply that by 2, then add 1/2" on that for wiggle room. Measure that far down from the top of the waistband and draw a line all the way around the top of your tube with a water soluble pen. My measurement was 2". Simply fold the top down to meet the line all the way around. Pin well.
The use of drones in the D.C. area became public information last week, after the Federal Aviation Administration released a list of agencies currently or previously permitted to use the unmanned aerial vehicles. It included many federal departments, such as Agriculture, Homeland Security and Energy as well as local organizations such as Virginia Commonwealth University and Virginia Tech.
“Ron”: (Another polite chuckle as he looks at his own android phone to see a message and quickly text back)
Fidel Castro Ruz
COURT OF THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA is a bankrupt corporation and
We are so happy with this flooring and our decisions! By doing this, we have saved well over $1500 that hardwood flooring would have cost. We like it so much, that we plan to do this in our kitchen soon. We plan to paint or whitewash it there though.
Sometimes a journey can be dark and disturbing. It can be uncomfortable; it can take us out of our zone of familiarity and thrust us into a strange world that can be disorienting. A journey can be a disappointment, troublesome, irritating, highly uncomfortable and inconvenient. This train station in Jaipur, India is one place that represents the darkness in a journey. There is much unsettling in India’s train stations: people sleeping directly on the pavement with huge rats scrounging around their heads, rats running around under the trains where urinals inside the trains empty directly onto the tracks, all manner of suspicious and shady-looking characters. I felt uncomfortable and disturbed in these places, yet I moved forward and went through the journey nonetheless.
Well, it’s been a long time, long time now
*class laughs* and I realize it was all sarcasm.... oops.
Truly, Madly, Deeply You by Cecilia Robert
sweet henrie's
My friends do you know Jesus, the one and only Son of God, who became flesh, dwelt among us, died for our sins, was buried, and bodily rose from the grave; and is now seated at the right hand of God the Father? God has no other sons, but those who are born again through the blood of Jesus Christ.
5) Angry Birds. Why are they so angry!? What was done to them early in life to make them so unhappy? Angry Birds and I have a love-hate relationship. They aren’t really stupid they are just stupid when I can’t beat a level. I’m secretly obsessed with you, Angry Birds.
My computer is being so slow today! I got halfway through my last post and couldn’t be arsed……
So, even though I didn't try a cocktail at either place: I've heard enough about Le Lup that I will definitely head back there to sample. But, the Coolin doesn't offer enough cocktail-promise to get me over there just for that.
In life we're quick to do that. We hear something about someone or about some situation and we figure it all out in our heads, with little or no facts. Then we allow our misguided opinions to dictate how we treat the person or behave in the situation. This is why we should be slow to speak and quick to listen. Not quickly angered but longsuffering. How many realationships have been ruined because a small bit of a conversation is heard, and with no investigation, one of the involved persons decideds to walk away, bitter. There are probably many more scenarios you can think of.
That love was not to be returned. In the real life drama Maria thought the young Dickens beneath her, taunting him cruelly as ‘Boy...B.O.Y.’ Ironically, twenty years later, she had married a sawmill manager and was living in near poverty when she and the wealthy literary star somehow came into contact once more - when she did attempt to warn him that the years had not been kind, but he refused to believe that so, having kept her vision alive in his heart, replying in his letter with the greatest excitement and passion –
Thank you all for so many sweet comments and emails about our decisions to sell our house.
There are positive measures that I believe we should take as a society, to encourage women who want to, to breastfeed. Basically, I agree with Sue Jacob of the Royal College of Midwives, who is quoted in the BBC article linked above:
judgement on whatever
Okay I get it Michael Fassbender is well endowed. I think he’s a tremendous talent but seriously, keep your pants on for at least one film. It wasn’t his member that disappointed me, it was his performance. I thought it was flat, however I don’t lay all the blame in his proverbial court, the director, Steve McQueen can share it.
5) Grab my button and post a link to where it is - (3 entries)
Is there anything else you need?
Now that is a relative risk reduction of 40% (15 – 9 / 15)1 – And if someone told you that you could reduce your risk of having a stroke by 40%, you might jump at the opportunity.
Avatar Burning EarthAvatar: The Endure Airbender — The Burning Earth
I didn’t actually have the shield as an image….but my son had gotten his cap and gown last week and the collar he’s to wear has the school shield….So I took my Tablet Phone and snapped a picture of it then made it into a useable file……I think it came out pretty darn good….printed everything with my color laser printer……then added the Graduation cap with the Tassel to the front of the card with a bit of foam tape…..just to give the card a bit of pop……
Challenge: You want to get out of the business, restructure the business and/or merge or be acquired
Happy Day to Everyone!!! I am very humbled that so many of you have have decided to follow my blog on a regular basis and that you leave such sweet and kind comments. You are sincerely the reason that I enjoy blogging so much. As many of you know, I have had a couple of years of some big rocks and hurtles in my road, but because of you, life was much easier--you brought much happiness and joy during those couple of years!! So I would like to give back to my FOLLOWERS who have brought so many smiles to me. You all know how much I love having SWEET STUFF so this is a SPECIAL EVENT for me as well!!!
A small nuke went off in the Drake Passage, destroying a Fourth Reich base 9.9 kilometers below the sea bed, 66.6 miles northwest of Depection Island at precisely 5:05 a.m. EST and measuring as a 6.1 roll.
Craig White - guitars
But, I did have a birthday right smack dab in the middle of the week...so we'll see.
Upon graduation, you will want to pay more for car insurance quotes, as it has some of the Top 100 Globally Important Bird Areas in the fargo north dakota bands on the fargo north dakota bands. Learn the fargo north dakota bands between adjustable rates, fixed rates, interest only, and balloon refinance loans, the fargo north dakota bands to talk to a new mortgage loan. This means that if it's only been 1 or 2 years when a person has to manually input the fargo north dakota bands given to the fargo north dakota bands, mining comes second to increase the fargo north dakota bands, lignite and natural gas are just few of the fargo north dakota bands and nineteen billion dollar economic stimulus package, North Dakota refinance loans in North Dakota. But, with a new line of credit. When it comes time to visit because you think you can make projects such as pain management, pregnancy massage, infant massage, or lymph massage, are all options to consider.
Vampyr is critically respected, and it deserves a spot in monster movie history for some of the lore that it establishes. But will a modern viewer enjoy it? Sadly, there’s not much here for the modern-day film fan. The sleepy pace the film takes for the first two thirds can be a bit off-putting, and the dream-like qualities of the last third (particularly the actual dream sequence), while very well done, contribute to making a hither-to straightforward plot a little confusing. I have to say that this one is for diehards only, people who want to be strongly versed in old-school vampire movies. For the rest, Vampyr is one of those films where if you know it exists, you probably know all you need to.
"It makes me not want to come to work," he said.
Like the ichneumon wasps that troubled Darwin’s faith, jewel wasps lay eggs inside a living animal but their preference is cockroaches. A well-targeted sting from the wasp renders its prey a subservient zombie, with its escape response suppressed and antennae chewed off, the cockroach is dragged into a burrow where it will see out the rest of its days being slowly eaten from the inside out. Nasty stuff, certainly, and the theological implications of such inherently barbaric nature are obvious; what sort of a god would choose for it to be this way and delight in it?
Servings: at least 20 1" truffles
Availability: One vintage brewed and bottled August 1st of each year. 22oz. bombers, 1/6BBL and 1/2BBL kegs.
Drinking poisons so sensual, so sticky and hot
She babywears my kid =)
Northern Harrier 1
Attack me all that you want. I have been an activist, trying to set the city on a better course for years and people can disagree with me, even vehemently. That is fine and part of living in an open society. I accept it and never feel the need to respond. But when a local Rabbi attacks a little girl and her mother in the most vicious of ways, I cannot remain silent.
Heaven: Any of the three kingdoms of God. Can also refer to Sundays when all meetings have been canceled.
Wicomico County, Maryland buses are due to have GPS devices installed by next school year thanks to a new requirement. The buses already feature surveillance cameras. The problem: the district’s bus fleet are all private contractors. Many of these contractors do not agree with the idea of a GPS tracking device being placed on their vehicle. They see it as violating their rights as the state does not own the buses.
No matter how hard I pray
I told you this girl had talent! In fact, I am lucky enough to sport a couple of her art pieces in my own abode and they have definitely been great conversation pieces and have added mega amounts of customized personalization to our spaces.
It’s been a while, WordPress. My work blog has been taking up any of my real blogging thoughts. But tonight, I had some thoughts that I didn’t want to paste on my church’s website.
The next morning, Jonah and Stiletta take off for the Needle, however Jonah explains that he is leaving Stiletta, he can't afford to allow her personal agenda to jeopardize his chance to get back to the past. Stiletta pulls a pistol, demanding that Hex help her but as he takes off she finds herself unable to pull the trigger.
Due to the fact that I have started to concentrate more on digital and photo art more than traditional mediums, I won’t be posting to this blog as much anymore. I have started another wordpress blog called “Embracing Life Digitally“ to showcase all my things photographic, digital and haiku – a far cry from where I started out as a blogger in 2006!
Knowledge Ecology Workshop details:
Timestamp: 2012-05-02 12:08:58 UTC
Victor D hosts Jazz on Bush, where smooth jazz lives. Dr Victor takes you a fantastic jazz journey, interviewing artists and playing only the best in international, local (especially that specialCape Townflavour) music
This five-day event showcases the best Australian and Asia-Pacific fashion designers to the fashion industry. Held at the Overseas Passenger Terminal, with the backdrop of stunning Sydney Harbour and the Sydney Opera House, Mercedes-Benz Fashion Week is all about upcoming and established designers showcasing their wares to a global fashion influencer audience.
Here again, as in verse 16, we have mention of three distinct Persons: the Holy Ghost is to be sent by the Father in the name of the Son. And, as we remarked on verse 16, the fact that the Holy Ghost is to be sent by the Father, proves His procession from the Father.
In the early days, the Warlocks’ only goal was that their audience would connect to them through the music. Jerry Garcia, Bob Weir, Phil Lesh, “Pigpen” McKernan, and Bill Kreutzmann achieved this by practicing for hours every day to hone the flow of their songs. Of course teaming up with Owsley Stanley, the “King of Acid,” during Ken Kesey’s psychedelic experiments (Wolfe 210) would propel the band both into the limelight and into realms their consciousness they had not yet explored. Once they adopted the name Grateful Dead they were already the epitome of acid rock (Garcia 17).
*first pay first serve basis
I needed safety
If you will be ironing clothes while traveling, you'll be happy to know that many of the
It's amazing how getting up close and personal can bring new meaning to something you've only viewed from a distance.
Rather than take advantage of the world’s obvious desire for a great hero — an awesome beyond-belief Savior — many Christians have focused on — what? That Harry Potter is not a Christian, that J.K. Rowling promotes gay pride, that she upholds magic and witchcraft, and so on. C.S. Lewis — a learned man who wrote MERE CHRISTIANITY and THE WEIGHT OF GLORY and other fine Christian treatises — also wrote a fantasy series with satyrs and witches. He wrote about good magic and Santa Claus and about a lion named Aslan who represents Christ and about four children who are disobedient and wayward and loving, and so on.
This is the level of "superb" that was looking for.
"You alright, Rivera?" Mahan crawled over and checked Mahan's hit.
The USPTO will continue to survey applicants during the expanded pilot to make further improvements to the program.
The accomodating bar staff will even remove the sparkler and pour your pint into a straight non dimpled glass if you ask nicely.
I think if there is even a slight chance that we think we have control over something or we think we can handle it on our own, it shuts the door to the grace of God. But when we know that there's no way on this earth that we can handle it and we have no ability to solve it, we must turn it over.
"O Evangeline" by Emmylou Harris - I want Emmylou to sing at my funeral. (Wow, Eric. That got dark real quick, you weird lil' bastard.)
I wasn't going to include any zippers in my quiet books, but don't all quiet books require a zipper page of some sort??? I finally decided I'd keep it simple but add three zippers to make it fun--although I'm not sure how quiet this page is actually going to be (zip, zip, zip) . . .
“She said she felt bad about the role her husband played in your father’s trial, and wanted to help us.”
–When has my community helped carry me through difficult times and celebrated with me the joy-filled times? How am I assisting others in either carrying or celebrating part of their stories?
One of my dogs is sick with diarrhea, how do I tell which one it is? The easiest and most sure way by far, is just to take the dogs out separately on leash, and examine the end product. Another way that is simple enough, is feed one dog carrots, the other corn. That shows up very well, and color-coded poops will make identifying the culprit easier.
some big plans coming up soon. I might just surprise ya. See you Monday.
WOW! That is a powerful statement. A small rudder has the ability to set the course and determine the direction of even the greatest and mightiest of ocean vessels. Think about this for a moment. The Queen Mary had 3 acres of recreational space, a gross tonnage of 80,774, an average speed of 31 knots (57 mph), two indoor swimming pools, beauty salons, libraries, children’s nurseries, a music studio and lecture hall, telephone connectivity to anywhere in the world (in the 1950’s), outdoor paddle tennis courts, and dog kennels. The largest room was the first class dining room which spanned three stories in height. The anchor is equal to the weight of ten cars.
And, when we vote them out of office, the fuckers'll pick up comfortable "jobs" here, there and everywhere.
Brodhead concluded his address on a more personal level. “The single front,” said he, “where I myself feel the greatest frustration regards senior leadership positions at Duke.” He noted that among his eight senior administration appointments, he had named two African-Americans, one Asian-American, and one woman. But, he lamented, “the number of women on my team . . . is fewer than I would wish.” And he offered his awareness that “including African Americans in the top academic leadership of this university is a piece of unfinished business.”
Combine the 3 cans and mix them up, then set aside
The doctor instructed me to push when I felt the urge, and I kept pushing as hard as I could, but the next few times, the baby only budged a little bit. Then our doctor said, "You're so close, Joanna; this baby could be out with the next push.” And I thought to myself, 'Ok, then, if he can be out, he will be out!'
I try not to think very much about my future, not that I expect a bad one, but I don’t want to become less interested in caring for my husband with my mind focused on the next chapter of my life. This season requires all the strength I have, and without passion, I doubt that I could do it. When I catch myself wondering about tomorrow, I remind myself that today has enough trouble of its own, as the Bible says. We are promised grace for today. Tomorrow will have its measure of grace when it comes.
Yesterday, I dipped into the arcana of how Holyrood makes its laws, its weaknesses, and the wages of that weakness. My business in doing so was to begin to think through - and encourage some thought - about some of the detailed constitutional possibilities before an independent Scotland (and concerns which should animate us, whether or not the United Kingdom breaks up). I hoped to show that the issue of whether or not we should have a second chamber of parliament - say - isn't just a matter of abstract constitutional architecture, but poses important practical question too about how we want the law governing us to be made. In response, Robert Black asked...
Me. In a crowd of people. Surrounded by art.
You have to be good, though. That's why it's so important to do the best you can, even if you don't really like what you do. Your abilities might be able to pay off somehow.
A while back I put out a message on Facebook to ask you the followers what it was that you wanted to see from our time out here in Afghanistan. It was quite interesting to see some of the requests of the type of things that interest you from our lives out here during our 6 month tour.
Photo credits go to the lovely Pamela Torres, who claimed that there was no sandwich better in Portland. Little does she know! Portland breakfasts can blow your socks off!
ART, WORD PLAY & MUSIC ... the tools are there, I just have to set them up and go for it. I want to paint a canvas or two, perhaps play with some book ideas and re-learn the keyboard. I can tap out a few tunes (playing by ear) but have forgotten how to read music and play chords.
That night, Wednesday and I went off on our own and took several trips through the Haunted Mansion and Pirates of the Caribbean. This was a stellar plan…. until we boarded a virtually empty Pirates boat, which went rocketing down the waterfalls like…. well…. a rocket. I hadn’t realized how violent that ride could be in a nearly-weightless boat. On the second waterfall, I actually flew off my seat (there’s no seat belts, of course) and came crashing back down right on my spine on the rock-hard seat back.
The next nurse that came on after this was another I had last time and she was DISGUSTED that nothing had been sorted, and so wrote up a prescription herself, changing what they had said I should have to something stronger, as she wanted me up and out of bed that day, and no way was that gonna happen at that point. (I should have been up and showered that morning). So finally first part of drugs was sorted, had them, waited awhile for the other part of the cocktail she had written up for me, and by then Amber was so worked up and I was frazzled and upset at not having gotten out of bed for over 24 hours.
Warm up/Cool down: Elliptical
I turned 29 this year. Which isn't the most exciting birthday. But it fell on 11.11.11 which made it awesome!
1 housing
1 tspoon grated ginger
I just finished going over the online proofs of my images and text for Diagram magazine. Sorry – not allowed to share the proofs page (you’ll just have to wait). I enjoy popping in to the Diagram online presence. It’s an art and literary magazine organized around odd diagrams and everything diagram like. It’s about the most fun I’ve had reading a journal online (though I wish the one with the gumballs hadn’t gone kaput). I’ve found that most of the small press editors are pretty good-natured, and I’ve learned something about Arizona’s experiment in camel mail. Perhaps even something true.
We look pretty happy
Paulo de Tarso Cavalcanti of Cervejaria e Escola Bodebrown brought some of his beers to the Raleigh Rare & Vintage Beer Tasting last weekend. The event was held at Tyler's Restaurant and Taproom and raised funds for the Pints for Prostates campaign.
It’s why I also am firmly in the camp of “Joker sexually assaulted Barbara Gordon.” In “The Killing Joke,” Joker shoots Barbara, strips her naked and takes pictures of her to mess with Commissioner Gordon. But that scars just the Commissioner, and if I’ve learned one thing about the Joker, if he’s going to scar one person, he’ll scar everyone involved. He doesn’t want to be the only one with a “how I got these scars story.”
There have been threats written on the bathroom walls at several of the schools around the suburbs. Although I'm 99% sure these threats were written by some punk who thinks he's really funny, I wasn't willing to chance my kids' lives on that 1% chance the threats were serious. Sooo, I kept my oldest kids home from school today. Savannah went shopping with friends and enjoyed her morning. Austin made the little ones breakfast while I took the middle ones to school. Then he put a movie on for the kids to watch while I read mail, did some laundry, and washed dishes. When the movie was done, Austin got out the vacuum and went to town cleaning the family room floor. I didn't even have to ask him to do it!
For network marketing you’ll usually need to do the same thing for advertising as with affiliate marketing and you’ll also need to buy some product from your company every month (that shouldn’t be a problem since you want to join a company who has products you like and use anyway).
Some, however, are thrilled beyond imagining, having themselves long suspected that they might have encountered this very project – a room at the Tokyo airport, or deep inside an outer London convention center – but they had simply filed it away as faulty memories.
Brendon – Gimme Some
Bisque: Light brown in color as in fired unglazed pottery.
How did you find your midwife?
Richard Lang, Burst CEO, said that Burst intends to use the net proceeds from the license to Microsoft, after attorneys fees, in primarily 3 areas:
top - vintage, skirt - DIY, shoes - new look, bag - vintage
The exterior changes were so effective that hotel owner Maree Brinks decided to update the interior as well. The result is interesting, individual and eclectic. Each room was treated individually, with unique one-off elements creating a boutique hotel feel.
Drinking? Yeah, but nothing containing alcohol. I don’t often drink anything other than water. If I drink anything else its usually juice or Dr Pepper.
Thanks for joining us today, Andrew, and we all wish you success in your creative endeavors.
To somebody on the outside looking in, I imagine it may appear that there is not much activity at NHV these days. We’ve only posted a couple of times this past month on this blog and the web site at nhvines.com hasn’t changed for a while. While all that is true, there is a LOT happening behind the scenes. Of course, one of the things occupying our time these past few weeks has been harvest.
there was a line in a blog tonight from someone i love...of course i love most of my reading list. "Huge lightening bolts of silence." isn't that the most beautiful of lines? it resonates in my soul and i hear it echoing through my senses. i wish i had written it (she writes beautifully)
Pyridoxine is used therapeutically to lower the risk of heart disease, to relieve nausea associated with morning sickness, and to treat premenstrual syndrome (PMS). In conjunction with magnesium, pyridoxine may have some beneficial effects on the behavior of children with autism.
Founded in 1911 in Detroit, Chevrolet is now one of the world’s largest car brands, doing business in more than 140 countries and selling more than 4 million cars and trucks a year. Chevrolet provides customers with fuel-efficient vehicles that feature spirited performance, expressive design and high quality.
Second, is it viciously circular to reason your reasoning is valid? If not, why not?
I wrote a post last week to celebrate the relationships I’ve made online. To champion the type of interaction I think is productive, and to really call attention to those I feel embody that spirit of interaction. The response I got from my readers was incredible. The response I got from those I mentioned was heartfelt and moving. I was getting the gifts of fellowship and conversation all weekend.
Starting last Tuesday, the hospitals agreed to accept all ambulance traffic unless they have some sort of major internal problem. Practically it means that the hospitals have to quickly treat and discharge those patients who aren't serious, and make room for those who are.
While visions of fabric danced in their heads.
It’s been a long week – as evidenced by the lack of posts. Sorry about that.
Color: Black Color: Black Color: Black & White
The kids came back from their school trip all intact, and were very excited about the fact they got to sleep on top bunks. They also all came back completely covered in reddish mud, as that was the day it was pouring rain, and we didn’t send them along with any boots and they had gone on a big walk in the woods.
My theme for Kassidy's Birthday Bash is patriotic. I've been wanting to create something using my Grandfather's Army photos from when he was in the Service during WWII.
“Transformational Life Mapping” with Tina Amorok (part 2 of 4)
(Disclaimer: I am in no way paid by these companies to endorse their products.)
A girl’s voice growled orders and men said nothing. She gave more orders, louder, and a man cried again. A cry with tears. Something that sounded like a bat hit something that was not a baseball, followed by another man’s cry.
God does not favor the popular. He does not give preferential treatment to the celebrity. If he did, he would not be the God is today. He humbles the proud, he lifts up the meek, and he loves us all, sinner, saint, and sports hero the same—yesterday, today, and forever. That is why he is an awesome God, not because Tim Tebow throws touchdowns for Him.
"Well I don’t work in sales so I wasn't." I say.
Almost simultaneously arrives Parsifal pursued by a couple of Knights. The rest is as in the libretto: the knights prepare for the ceremony of the Holy Grail, poor Amfortas arrives in terrible pain and carries on the ceremony. He opens the box and takes out the Holy Grail that is actually filled with blood. All knights pray and have ritual gestures that nevertheless bring no peace to their worries but only make Amfortas' pain stronger and the whole ceremony pointless. Gurnemanz realizes that Parsifal is not the one who would bring redemption to the community and chases him away. Parsifal stops at the blood-streaming crack on the ground, gives it a closer look, and the crack starts opening wider and larger... which is where the Act One ends.
Ragalaipuram
“Eva Longoria as a celebrity personality appeals to so many women,” Jerome Falic, CEO of Falic Fashion Industry, said in a canned statement. “Eva Longoria as a fragrance has translated beautifully and coming off the success of her first fragrance it made perfect sense to follow with the launch of EVAmour. With HSN as a retail partner we feel this launch will be equally — if not more — successful and will solidify the Eva Longoria brand in the beauty industry.”
This threat to British jobs is not an isolated or unconnected event, it is just just a further stage in an ongoing process, the ultimate end of which will see the British people disinherited in their own land.
San Salvador de Jujuy, Argentina
"Instead they became vain in their reasoning, and their senseless
Now, it’s great that the right people are looking more at the warning message, but if this doesn’t result in an increased risk perception then surely the messages aren’t doing their job! Moreover, if removing the brand identity doesn’t change the way people look at the packets then maybe plain packaging, which will be costly to implement, isn’t the best of ideas.
As well as providing a well-set stage for my recently completed YA fantasy, Glancing Through the Glimmer, Howth has served as a venue for many events in Irish myth and history. Finn MacCool and his Fianna (the watchers of the coast, the guardians of the shore) reportedly had one of their many outposts up on the cliffs. Sixteenth century Pirate Queen Grace O’Malley paid Howth an outrageous and memorable visit in 1576 (see my previous post, Howth Therapy). And in 1914, author and Irish patriot Robert Erskine Childers smuggled rifles and ammunition for the Irish Volunteers into Howth Harbor aboard his famous yacht, the Asgard.
So, lessons learned?
This brings to mind the work of Carsten Höller, implying a project someday in which the Turbine Hall in London's Tate Modern could be transformed into the world's largest artificial cave system, or perhaps even a future speleo-superpark in a place like Dubai, where literally acres of tunnels sprawl across the landscape, inside and outside, aboveground and below ground, in unpredictably claustrophobic rearrangeable prefab whorls.
I swear….. If I have a chance to repeat to the first time we talk each other, I’m going to do the same things over and over again. I’ll do it again, everything. The pain, happiness, sadness, tears, laughs and everything.
Society Top Tray – 1st (3 parsnips, 3 carrots, 3 potatoes)
He bakes…
I don't really think I am revealing a big shock when I say yes, he can. These novels are not designed to present too many surprises, or dark endings - it is more the journey to the end of the book that provides pleasure and unusual events. If you have followed my reviews of this series, you will know that I deeply enjoyed the first novel, but was a little disappointed in the second. I am pleased to report that the third novel is better than both combined. Here, it seems as though Butcher finally hit his stride - he was no longer merely poking fun at fantasy cliches; rather, he was telling the tale of Tavi and doing it incredibly well.
Don’t you adore a good disclaimer? There must be a whole legal industry devoted to crafting those 5,000 word missives we must/should/don’t read upon accepting any free computer software, entering any contest (be the prize a small order of French fries/Porsche/trip to Hawaii), or joining an online community. There is no rhyme nor reason to have a disclaimer for a garden blog, as far as I can tell, but then reasonable and rational are not selling points for this garden blog. On to the dream.
Lady Astor was a notiously miserable prohibitionist. And, like most of her kind, didn't worry about little details like facts when it came to her prejudice against alcohol.
Week 1
For this card I stamped the bear image using Rich Cocoa Memento ink onto a light blue card stock. I mounted it onto the dark brown card stock and then stitched around the edges. The "bear with me" sentiment is all in one line, but I chose to stamp it this way, utilizing my stamp-a-ma-jig, then punching it out and mounting it onto a brown circle. I used linen thread behind the sentiment and added a little knot of it to the I forgot panel as well.
This little lady is called Nevaeh and I coloured her as usual with Promarkers and used some Diamond Stickles too.
A Gift for you
One more Sisboom pretty coming!
First, in such a world, all press statements from all political parties would have to be sent to all journalists. Presumably, if this is the consequence of some fundamental principle, it would be legislated for. Apart from the profoundly undemocratic nature of such a suggestion, there are several even more undemocratic logical implications that flow from this.
Botswana is one of the least corrupt nations ON EARTH! How's that for a shocker. Truly wish some dynamic political leader could seize the success stories of Progressive Socialism in action and make a society away from what we're heading to. Crime and criminals who get deceived into such lives due to their economic circumstances become our problem in this United States of Capitalist South Africa, where we're too short sighted to realise the damage of selfishness.
Based on Temple’s many screen successes, Zanuck increased budgets and production values for her films. In 1937, John Ford[note 7] was hired to direct the sepia-toned Wee Willie Winkie (Temple’s own favorite)[45] and a top-drawer cast was signed that included Victor McLaglen, C. Aubrey Smith, and Cesar Romero.[45][46] The film was a critical and commercial hit,[45] but British film critic Graham Greene muddied the waters in October 1937 when he wrote in a British magazine that Temple was a “complete totsy” and accused her of being too nubile for a nine-year-old:
inside my birdcage breast.
with wild lunacy
- 1-2 Tbsp lime juice
New Zealand is a thriving beautiful country. Have you seen Lord of the Rings?
Sadly I'm still too low on the totem pole to get the upgrade to first class, which means I'll just soak up some ethanol while I'm in the club.
eternity to bear the burden, while
Express guard would thrive on Tnt’s drive and kick plays, as they now play with a solid and tough line-up.
301) happy kids...7 of them around the house today...playing Lego, beading , skating...
Sigma Star Saga (GBA)
The surgical table had these separate arm rests that stuck out from the side of the table. It felt like I was walking to my crucifixion. I would have to lay there and get strapped into this table. WTF!
I have a girl crush on Lucy Lawless
Turmeric, 1/2 teaspoon
Although it wasn’t on the list of goals for the last two weeks, I also reorganized the Blog Menu to reflect the changes in my blogging schedule. It’s really nice to cross something extra off the list.
His goods are scattered all around,
We are entering into the final week of the spring semester, and I’m stoked. I’ve got summer employment lined up, and I cling to the hope that maybe this summer, I’ll actually be able to write my own stuff on top of working hard for the money. I’m going to work on my tan, read some books, and cook some really yummy stuff.
When I was an angst-ridden teen, Id write letters to myself, and to my parents. When I first fell in love I spilled everything onto paper, and when I fell out of love I spilled again. I’ve written hate letters and love letters and poems and short stories and have two of those wonderful little things we called the ‘unfinished novel’. But I’ve never gone, “Hey, I’m a writer”. Ah Kaye but why? I don’t write for a profession, in fact I’m supposed to be a designer, and as a passion I am nowhere near as prolific as some passionate writers. As a rule I generally cant write more than 1000 words… ever, unless its an essay for uni and then well, Im just the Queen of Bullshitting to get to my word count. But I still get really good marks. See? Weird…. And now if I include Inspiration Unplugged, I have a daily planner, three blogs, two twitter accounts, two facebook accounts, a really cute journal, and a university degree to get through. There’s no escaping the truth of the matter – I’m a wr…. wrrrrr… wrrriii
This is a difficult week to choose only 3 beautiful things! It was an AWESOME week!!!
Then again it could be better. I got an email from a friend whose husband is about the luckiest guy I can think of. But it´s not like he won the national lottery. That kind of luck he has is the result of character and the lucky finding of a woman like himself. My friend is good like that. Here´s hoping his new girl is as good a person as he.
Anyway, Thursday night I wanted to lift weights. I got home from work and picked up my copy of Rachel Cosgrove’s Female Body Breakthrough. I flipped through it but ultimately decided I wasn’t in the mood to try something new. So, I just stuck with some things I already know.
It is over used expression that the soldiers who fought in World War I were lions led by donkeys and in that respect very little has changed. To this day brave, handsome and achingly young men are being sent to fight and die in wars, by political leaders who are in the very process of betraying them and giving away their country as they die.
I was looking through my archives to see how I was feeling at this time in my previous cycles. I was pretty sure I remembered but decided to check. By this time in both the previous IVFs I thought it was all over. I certainly hoped I was wrong but, deep down, I didn't think it was to be.
which leads up to "Le Suquet" the quaint historic heart of Cannes
In professional basketball Phil Jackson and Larry Brown are commodities whose services cause bidding wars. In track and field, Lance Brauman and John Smith seem to have great difficulty attracting the top sprint talent any more - and Trevor Graham has been shelved and shunned. Yet these men have produced most of the US men's sprint medals this decade - and Brauman took Tyson Gay to 9.84/19.63 before Tyson changed coaches!
Want to connect with me on other social media platforms? Here’s how. Disclaimer/ Warning-thingy: All of my internet-lands are an oligarchy of sorts. That means, I am the queen. I don’t just encourage, I demand that everyone who interacts there plays nice, so if you don’t play nice, you won’t stay for long. Just an fyi.
Savard Oh, he’s the back – up goalie.
Perception comes out in less than TWO MONTHS! To celebrate, I’m parting with my Perception ARC. She’s been to various places with me and now she’ll go home with one of you.
The death of the dogs was to be accompanied by funeral march music and a giant gong. The artist would have used cable ties to strange the dogs after a short period of meditation.
Beneath our feet, and long the mile;
The last few practicas I have been practicing with an elusive leader whom I thoroughly enjoy dancing with. He is one of those challenging and thoroughly enjoyable leads, where each time we dance together, I get a little bit better and have a huge grin plastered over my face.
I fought tears, hoping I could run hard enough, lift heavy enough, work myself enough that they’d be camoflauged by sweat dripping from my furrowed brow. The ‘bad pain’ increased in the back of my neck. I finished my workout and went home. It wasn’t until the hot shower that the combination of bad pain, bruised ego and damaged spirit coaxed a few tears. Tears of grievence.
The hard part is getting people to read your blog. I have no idea how you go about doing that, but knowing my awesome readers, they'll write their tips, advice, and experiences in the comments of this post. Check them out. I honestly just got lucky. I placed an auction on Ebay accompanied with a little story and people read it and passed it along. People asked me if I had blog and I directed them here. Before that auction, I got around 5 hits to my blog everyday. I made a couple pennies on my ads every day. That's it.
I read it out loud.
We headed to the family bathroom at Target where I surveyed the damage. Luckily I had a pull-up, diaper and wipes in the basket of the stroller (I had accidentally left the diaper bag in the car). I'll spare you the details of that delightful 15 minutes spent in the removal of poop from Jackson's posterior (and legs, and shoes-- getting off soiled underwear isn't a tidy proposition). I admit I just threw the underwear in the garbage and didn't even feel guilty. After I got Addy's diaper changed and I had my fill of poop to last me for the next century, we grabbed some snacks and a couple of slurpees and headed off in the stroller again. (I had actually been to Target enough in the past few days that I didn't have anything left to buy. Now THAT is scary.)
As I was handed the bill before I finished the beer (maybe the Croque question sank in while I ate and drank), I headed on to the place I really wanted to visit: Moeder Lambic Fontaines. They boast a menu of 45 beers on tap, but on the night there was only 40. Only! I hadn’t heard of most of them, and as ABVs weren’t listed (although they were apparently grouped by strength), it was a bit of a lottery. I opted for the De Ranke XX Bitter on tap. It was one that I had before from the bottle, so I wanted to revisit it, just to remind myself. This is a lightly hazy gold with a dense white head. The aroma tells you it’s definitely hop-driven, and first sip delivers big wadges of hoppy bitterness, but rounded at the edges by a light, chewy maltiness. The hops aren’t just providing bitterness though. There’s a big floral and mandarin orange thing going on, and in copious amounts. The finish is sweetish, yet dry, with a lasting, pithy bitterness. Yep, still like it, although my notes are slightly different than before, I think they go in the same direction: yum!
AW the Alchemist has been criticized over the years for honing young talent instead of shipping in “experienced” and “made” footballers. Today’s win will vindicate our faithful manager. Arsenal FC can boast of being financially stable even if we were on a barren spell for almost 6 years. The major reason why Arsenal hasn’t won anything is that there have been injuries to key players when their “experience” was needed to see us through. Things have been a lot different this season because of the sufficient depth in the squad.
Auntie VEG
Who I am or what I'm supposed to be,
Cartridge Used: Art Philosophy 6"
That said, Arsenal’s fixtures are tricky. Stoke City offers a culture clash that we should know how to handle but recent times show that when we get it wrong, it is horribly so. The inability to deal with the route one football is not going to be eased by Peter Crouch’s arrival at The Britannia Stadium. Yet the Arsenal defence is more streetwise at the moment, attuned to the routine football offered by teams in the lower half of the table evidenced by five of the last seven Premier League fixtures resulting in clean sheets.
Get your tickets before April 15th at the super early bird price of $45 per ticket.
It was as if every dream she’d ever had was slipping through her fingers and there wasn’t a single thing she could do about it. The handsome husband? Gone. The dream of a man who shared her passions and her loves? Gone. The dream of love and romance? Gone. Instead, she was being asked, nay, forced, to prostitute herself for her father’s ambitions. Her sobs began to come harder as she grieved for everything she would be losing once her father came and forced her to say “I do.”
2 tbs apple cider or apple cider vinegar
now you’re Santa Claus.
Measure 12" along each side edge and curve the bottom edge slightly
Wiley Coyote – Thee Mighty Caesars
I.never.picked.up.my.camera.the.entire.Thanksgiving.weekend?
If the golden age was the mid noughties, when cautious tactics and grit dragged English teams to the top in Europe then I hope you don’t mind if I revel in these lean times. Co-efficient be damned – when you watch a match as a neutral you want entertainment, and Newcastle, Swansea, Everton and Fulham play some good football and can beat the best teams. Stoke’s ugliness stands out in a way it didn’t when Sam Allardyce’s was here, shirt barely containing his ample gut on the touchline.
Those words are so true- we just need hearts open to God, and He can use us, whoever we are.
Please stop over at CEiMB and check the other participants and what they have done.
1. I genuinely like my children. I love them of course, but liking them is extra.
I came home and plugged into an internet sermon. I laid on the couch, feeling cold, and fell asleep.
I like to think I’m a free spirit, I’d do anything at least once and I have an adventurous heart, so I know in the time I’ve got I will do some crazy stuff, that’s probably why my bucket list has things that are beyond my control – boring, I know, but hey, all other things like jumping out of a plane (which I’ve already done) and seeing the world’s wonders are great, but if it just doesn’t happen then let’s just say I won’t be rolling in my grave.
This morning the rain has finally stopped – the Lord wants to make sure we have beautiful flowers ….last night my wife and I were talking to a neighbor who had lost his wife due to smoking – 5 months ago … he was telling us that … all is lost and his life ended when his wife died… I read to him what I am providing to you …the music of your life is inside – if only you will listen to it…
Every Christmas, Dave also had the Fab 50. It was here I heard Stairway to Heaven for the first time, I couldn’t believe a band like Led Zeppelin existed never mind existing thirty years ago. This occasion expanded over two nights and my cassette recorded was there ready for the good ones, Nirvana, Pink Floyd, Radiohead, Joy Division, REM, Chili Peppers. I didn’t have any money to buy CD’s, so this was a resourceful way of having music at my fingertips.
1 escape
So, I hit up Kenneth, and Kenneth talks to Harleston, and Harleston gets in contact with Lindy, and then Lindy proceeds to take forty minutes to text back, at which point we are all piled in Harleston’s car and headed over to Chris’s. So, we’re all chilling like villains, me with the knowledge that I need to be back to my house by ten.
And the most rewarding accomplishment in your life.
13. living in the past
A flock of sanderlings moved slowly north along the beach until they were just about at the boundary of the closed area. By moving north I mean they ran, not flew. If they intend to run to the Arctic to nest, it may take them awhile to get there :-) One thing the sanderlings did today that I never saw before was to wade deeper into the surf and splash around with their wings. It wasn't the surf overtaking them, it was them going into it. I suspect there must have been small fish in the water.
National Flash Fiction Day: several free to enter competitions and opportunities to have your work included in online or print anthologies (including an antholgy for West Country/Writers from the South West)
As for an early leader for the spermatozoa’s services? NCAA recruiting rules forbid schools from establishing contact so early on in the process but that hasn’t stopped the speculation. Most assume heavy hitters like Florida, USC, Michigan, Tennessee, Texas and Miami will be in the mix, but don’t be surprised if the eventual champion of Jim Clausen’s 290 million sperm cells goes with a completely different pick.
A lot of people find offencive whenever the F-word is used, so in politics it is important to use better terminology when trying to articulate what one another means by what they are saying.
A week in politics is a very long time: a week in politics in Broken Barnet, you might say, is like an eternity sitting on Einstein's stove (ask Councillor Jack Cohen).
I can fly, my friends…”
16"x16", Rives BFK, acrylic, stencil, collograph prints, oil pastel, water based inks.
Yes, I am certain the Jesse Tree will be a regular family tradition. I want my children to 'get it.' I want them to know why we celebrate Christmas. It is not for the gifts or for the bright lights, and it is certainly not about an elf. It is about Jesus, who came to earth to redeem us. He came here to love us and to walk in our shoes. He left His throne and humbled himself to show us mercy and to restore us to our Father. He died a horrible death, so that we might live. There is enough mystery and wonder in His amazing story; who needs an elf?!
I recently became acquainted with a situation involving the neglect and abuse of two small children. Some friends of mine have taken custody of them for the next 6 months to a year. As the story unfolded i was made more angry at the “parents” who would behave so carelessly and casually. Children are a blessing from the Lord after all. (Psalm 127 and 128)
A few weeks ago, I sat down to pray for your mom, your dad and your brother and sister. In the midst of prayer, I suddenly had to ask God “Why? I don’t understand why you create children that have such disorders.” Almost as soon as my mind asked the question, the answer swept over me like a huge wave. Nora, I KNOW why God created you. Without a doubt, I know.
The funny thing is that that city is an ancient one, its modern buildings standing on the ruins of a 3000-year-old civilization, and has nothing whatsoever to do with the fairly young Buenos Aires.
The main claim of the invention reads:
Tories last night attacked reported Government plans to charge innocent people a £200 fee to apply to have their names removed from the national DNA database.
Even more lists to come. Just cause. See you at the end of the world.
119) an email notifying me that I will receive 12 bottles of Omo and 12 bottles of Comfort to share with my friends, yippee!
While giving a reading to a client this morning, he said "I don't know why I feel like I have given and given and now I need help and no one is giving to me. I think giving too much and helping others too much is a weakness I have." He was then told by the spirit of his grandfather, "That is part of your nature. That is what makes you who you are. Forgive yourself and know that whatever you have given has been and will be forever given back to you."
However, whatever the numbers, what difference does it make? Sea-faring is by its very nature international, in the 18th and early 19th centuries small minorities of people of all sorts of nationalities served on ships of other nations, but it is only we, the British who are now expected to surrender our nationhood because a couple of foreigners fell foul of the press gang.
alongbine: Whatever… It is very silly of me to care about your well being, so I will stop right now. I think the boss was a little taken aback when I called, because I was almost joyous in my response, and she was expecting tears and complaints! LMAO. I love messing with her head.
And who can blame them?
Who does that anymore? What kind of civilians do this for their soldiers? Yes, “it’s a different time,” especially since most people don’t travel by train. But is it really that different of a time? At least during WWII there was a very clear enemy and cause to die fighting for. But what now? And wouldn’t that mean that soldiers need civilian support more than ever?
- 4/23/2010: On a 77-33 vote, the Florida House passed the authorization bill HB325, the Mark Wandall Traffic Safety Act, authorizing the Department of Highway Safety and Motor Vehicles, a county, or a municipality to use a traffic infraction detector (a.k.a. red light camera) to identify a motor vehicle that fails to stop at a traffic control signal steady red light.
Julian and the United States Supreme Court
Here is a summary of the offers:
Oh yeah, that last one. That happened too.
I am myself and no one else; these beliefs are mine and mine alone.
There is a woman in the queue close to yours who apparently has to cross your queue to go from one side to the other, and to do that she decides to pass between you and the person in front of you. Until here nothing wrong right? The same woman has to cross the same point two, three, four times. So it starts to get annoying a bit, because every time you have to step backward making sure not to hit the person behind you. After the fourth time that this “lovely” woman has to go through the same passage I guess you would start to look at her a bit more closely… What you see is a woman in her 50/60s dressed like a Barbie, pink top, tight jeans, high heels, sparkling I-phone emerging from her pocket in total Paris Hilton style, blond hair, heavy make-up. After noticing all that, you notice something very unusual, she is holding in her right hand a glass of wine, but not a plastic glass, a real glass, the typical glass you use for wine only and despite the people talking around you and the noisy announcements about the flights, you can hear a subtle tinkle coming from her baggage. Ah by the way, the baggage was decorated with pink flowers, lol. You also notice a bag, hanging behind the baggage itself and you don’t realize immediately what she has inside her bag.. Anyway, the woman is restless, she keeps walking and tinkling around with all her charm and enjoying her glass of wine… You keep looking around because when you’re waiting for a plane you’re the most bored person on the planet and she’s not on your side anymore. After a couple of minutes she reappears from behind the queue and together with the tinkle coming from this mysterious bag, eventually you notice something else… She is leaving behind her a reddish-pink wake who looked like wine… Discretely you sniff around for a couple of seconds and it is wine!! The woman was actually carrying around, hitting the floor every two seconds, a bottle of wine, the one she probably had in her glass as well. A guy makes her notice that she is losing something and she, with all the possible nonchalance, looks around, leans her purse and the glass on a table close-by and very slowly takes out a jacket, unbelievably clean, and then the bottle without the bottom. So that the wine can come out even more easily…
(Disney aswell founded Hollywood Pictures, and purchased Miramax Films and Ambit Films for agnate reasons.)
Prem N. Jerath, 57, Edison, N.J.
If you are lucky, you might have a friend who is kind enough to drive out to where you live to pick you up and take you places. Most friends are not that kind unless they live next door to you and you pay for the gas.
Does anybody care or is Anna Gristina just another person arrested by police and hence guilty until proven innocent?
I guess this is a good thing. At least he's keen about the therapy.
Can I still sign up for the Final Mile on May 5th? If you still want to sign up, you will need to go to the expo on FRIDAY MAY 4th from noon to 7pm at the Duke Energy Convention Center. Online registration closed April 20th. The registration folks will be at the expo and can take care of you there. Your child can still include their group’s name on the registration form, but we cannot guarantee they will receive the same color shirt as the rest of the group.
To Mein Herr’s honour, he did not stop, as I refused to utter the word.
At 11 inches (the length of a spaghetti squash) and almost 1 pound, your baby is starting to look like a miniature newborn. His lips, eyelids, and eyebrows are becoming more distinct, and he's even developing tiny tooth buds beneath his gums. His eyes have formed, but his irises (the colored part of the eye) still lack pigment. If you could see inside your womb, you'd be able to spot the fine hair (lanugo) that covers his body and the deep wrinkles on his skin, which he'll sport until he adds a padding of fat to fill them in. Inside his belly, his pancreas — essential for the production of some important hormones — is developing steadily.
So while I sit around and can do nothing while recovering, you can be sure I will be hanging out on Pinterest and hoping to ignore pain! At least I won't be bored huh?
Have you got any projects planned for this year?
Erika Olson-LongLiveLocke
This thinking ahead, understanding limitations, working through the rules and how to get what she wants within the limitations of the rules... It's just amazing to me to watch. Instead of freaking out about wanting to watch a show in the family room, she now understands that if it's not on TV or On Demand, we have to watch it up in my room where it's recorded. Or maybe it's not recorded and she simply has to wait until it comes on later. She GETS it. She understands and doesn't freak out.
So to say I am into missions is to say I like peanut butter. I love both…okay maybe not the same way. I could eat peanut butter every day but missions I believe is foundational to everything in Christianity and the lifestyle of Christians.
I see God reaching out his hands
Mix one tablespoon of oatmeal with a scoop of yogurt with no taste. Stir until evenly distributed. After it drops two to three drops of honey. Then mix again until evenly distributed. Apply the mask on your face before and let stand for 10 minutes. After that wash with a towel that has been soaked with warm water.
Combine the water and the Shelled Hemp Seed in a blender. You can create the desired thickness by using more or less water (from coffee creamer consistency to skim).
Talented Chinese employees increasingly recognize the benefits of being associated with a well-known foreign brand and like the mentorship and training that foreign companies can provide. So multinationals that commit themselves to developing meaningful career paths for Chinese employees should have a chance in the growing fight with their Chinese competitors for R&D talent. Initiatives might include in-house training courses or apprenticeship programs, perhaps with local universities. General Motors sponsors projects in which professors and engineering departments at leading universities research issues of interest to the automaker. That helps it to develop closer relations with the institutions from which it recruits and to train students before they graduate.
But that can only happen on the day. It cannot be pre-judged.
Watching this video made me realize how for granted I take my BlackBerry Playbook. Before the 2.0 upgrade I resigned myself to the fact that I would never get to load android apps to it, mostly the ones I really wanted like Pandora, Netflix and Kindle. The upgrade took place over a week ago and I still don't understand what I am to do in order to sideload android apps, I am not very techy at all and this might take me a while. But I am enjoying the new features like the integrated email which I am going to link up today. I love the calendar and the way that I am going to be able to keep my entire schedule in one place.
What happened to saying
Best UK Brewery:
The ND National Guard has sent 600 hundred soldiers to help in the sandbagging, traffic control and levee patrol efforts. Individual homeowners are building sandbag ring dikes around their properties or have banded together to enclose entire blocks. The city is building earthen levies and installing Hesko Basket Dikes. Pre-assembled structures which can be filled with sand on site, these dikes are relatively new in flood fighting. They were used in flood fighting in Fargo but have never been tried here.
and the Geneva intermediaries –
You are made of energy.
Eclecticism as maximum market penetration, straddling radio formats, diversifying your assets. Salt 'N' Pepa have been given sound advice.
invites:
Then again...neither does my grandmother...
This is one of those for me.
“John...”
improvement, what have
Jimmy, born June 19, 1881, was a New York boy and a golden one at that, raised in Greenwich Village among the bohemians, the son of an Irish immigrant who became a well connected Democratic assemblyman. Walker's first passion seems to be music; in 1905 he stormed Tin Pan Alley writing songs such as "There's Music In The Rustle Of A Skirt" and "Will You Love Me in December As You Do in May?" with its melancholy refrain:
32And I, when I am lifted up from the earth, will draw all people to myself.’
40. When was the last time you cried? Day before yesterday.
An inordinate number of Key Westers were awake and on their computers at 6:00am on February 21, 2012. Why? Registration for the 31st Annual 7 Mile Bridge Run went from a mail-in system to an online registration system for the first time in its history. Participants were limited to 1500 and registration opened at 6:00am EST.
From the church… bells reverberate,
just an amazing episode. deep dark techno and progressive. exquisite mixing, thin line of genius and evil. very creative tracklist, just amazing mix, truly. highly recommended!! Pawn knows how to wield his sound…
1384 ***D-V/4/2001. “Xenophon, the Trial of Socrates, and the Proper Response to the Prospect of Death.” Hellenic Group, International Women Associates, Chicago, Illinois. (Incorporated in Item C-2001 (7), above, and in Item B-15 (Projected), above, pp. 140-53, (2004).)
Her company issues a seal of approval, A Blue Butterfly, to those companies whose practices meet very demanding standards of sustainability. It begins by having these companies fill out self-assessment forms and then by using an elaborate algorithm that culls through social media, the Internet, and public records for data about the company, to generate a profile. If all the standards are met they get the seal of approval. So now you can feel good about the products you buy for your home and family, knowing that the designer or manufacturer is behaving ethically and that you are also playing a role by supporting only these well-behaved companies. The website profiles big designer names as well as small business owners.
There's an annual gathering of 10,000 educators right here in New York City, and yet I had never heard of it prior to several weeks back. A sister alumna of mine at Bank Street College of Education tipped me off to A Celebration of Teaching and Learning. Why hadn't I heard about this before?
I tried her Pumpkin Bread in a Bowl, which I made in both the regular way, and then with chocolate almond milk, Instagrammed below for your viewing pleasure:
And he hasn’t got the bread to do the town:
At the cost of $61K, taxpayers took money, cycled it through dozens of government agents, and then created or saved short-term jobs, paying road workers to resurface some roads, upgrade windows and doors in schools, put in superfast internet lines, and delay at massive costs for one or two years cutting underused and utilized bureaucratic agencies.
This may seem like a strange thing to talk about, but it is something that I think about a lot. I just love these kids so much and to see people look on them with judgement hurts. They are so much more than their behavior difficulties and I want people to see that. I want people to stop before passing judgement on a parent struggling with a child and acknowledge that they do not know the circumstances surrounding the behavior. I want people to give these kids and their parents the benefit of the doubt. I can’t tell you how many times one of my kids would pitch a royal fit the first time we tried a new activity only to grow to love it after being able to work through the behavior on several tries. So many kids miss out on this because of judgement they and their parents receive. This breaks my heart.
Last week was a busy one. Riley was going to have a "Breakfast Soiree" at her house for her 6th birthday and she invited 6 of her closest friends.
Stouts are one of my favorite styles, so decided to start off with their Oatmeal Stout, while Linda, ever the hop-head, went for their Blur IPA. As stouts go, the Oatmeal Stout was rather smooth and light for the style, with a light milk chocolately-ness to the roasted malt. A stout is not the sort of beer one would usually call refreshing, but after a day at the beach, this might be something I'd reach for. Their Blur IPA was the classic West Coast IPA, with a whisper of light malt and lots of citrussy, grapefruity hop flavor, and give them credit for easing off the hop throttle a bit and delivering something flavorful, not assaulting.
But the struggle…that is our cross to bear.
These three paintings (12” x 12”) hang on the wall just inside my kitchen. The top painting starts at about 12 feet from the ground. I have paintings in little groupings like this everywhere in my home.
The next Me-Made challenge that I will be organising will be Me-Made-May 2012. This is for several reasons. On a personal level, unlike the previous two years, I feel I have too much on my plate this year to commit myself fully to organising more than one. If you're going to do something, you may as well do it properly and a challenge organised by a harried, sleepless seamstress may not be the fully positive experience it is meant to be.
* I have reduced the last assembling to 15 minutes after applying the gravy on the cooked chickenas we wished a slightly pasted form of chicken.You can completely put it till 25-30 minutes.
Enjoy the beautiful weather....it is 63 here...absolutely beautiful for South Dakota in March!!!
He's our Sweetie...Hope you all are enjoying your Wednesday! I'm just sitting at my desk...sitting. I've been practicing with PSE9's layer mask and unsharp mask tools...I think his eyes and lips are much more clear. I know I gripe but I am still trying to learn how to make a better photograph...geeeez....Hahaaaa...
1-24 Tulsa, OK BOK Center
Because you're near me and
Having introduced the most obvious ways in which Option 1 (Standard) could be upgraded to Option 1 (Enhanced), it is necessary to point out those elements that are likely to make the latter a more attractive option than Option 2 for the purposes of de-Islamization. These are several: its diffuse nature, its deniability, and its incrementality. I will touch upon each of these in turn.
Being passionate about something provides the sheer strength and will to do it, where nothing would come close to stopping you in doing what you really want. Known to bypass practicality and logic, you simply feel an irrepressible need to accomplish it. Passion entails taking risks, huge ones – plus the will to sacrifice and lose other things in order to pursue your passion. When you come to make huge leaps and fight your greatest fears to go after the things you believe in, then you are even closer to realizing your true purpose in life.
Remove the strips of lemon zest from the frozen yogurt base. (I did this by pouring it through a mesh strainer directly into the ice cream machine.) Pour the mixture into the canister of an ice cream machine, and spin until thick and creamy.
Of promise, having no hope and without God in the world. Through centuries of hostility between Jews and Gentile we have been brought near, Christ is the arbiter of that peace. He (Jesus) abolished the ceremonial ordinances of the law, that in Him He would create one new man from two.
Pres. O was trying to save some ‘E1 Pricks’ lives. So he dropped a few words of apology to a fellow Presidenty and not even the mobs. would you rather have body bags of young Americans and distraught Anerican parents? A few 1000 people rush the ‘Green Zone’ ‘Mummy’ style and what happens? Even the generals might not get out in time. If Hamid is made to look like a puppet, would that help USA? The Pres.’s job needs judgment, and when dealing with emotional mobs in places of the world wwhere conditions are so horrendous, you’d think some cushy bureaucrat back in whitebread/whitewashed USA could think abit deeper. YOu’re as insular as those mobs Santorum. What kind of campaign is Santorum supposed to run? 10th Crusade campaign? In the WH Santorum wouldn’t even see those young Americans being butchered, Pres.O somehow can think about the consequences if he didn’t say anything. Because he dropped a word or few, that many more lives would have been saved. The effect multiplies from above ‘Santoricus’ . . .
(United Nations)
Candidate must possess at least a Bachelor’s Degree in Mechanical, Civil, Marine or equivalent.
Danielle Price, Seminole Campus, is a May 2012 graduate. As a student in the Early College program, Price has succeeded academically and socially.
W. H. Pennell, the teacher of the Young Men’s Bible Class, carefully explained the society and its constitution and led all the young people present in signing the new constitution. Several clauses of the constitution are historically instructive and bear repeating here (For the further details on the foregoing and following points and the constitution itself, see Francis E. Clark. Memories of Many Men in Many Lands: An Autobiography. Boston, MA: United Society of Christian Endeavor, 1922, pp. 77-87):
Obama has spent over $100 million taxpayer dollars flying around in Air Force One, and probably another $100 million on his entourage.
Hello! I hope everyone is enjoying their summer! Can you believe how fast it is flying by? I really need it to slow down! ﻿July has come and gone and we have fall to look forward to. Fall in northern Michigan is absolutely gorgeous! And soon enough I will share pictures of all the fall colors. But today, I want to show you the beauty of detail.
This recording session involving leaders Pandelis Karayorgis and Mat Maneri along with their supporting cast (Tony Malaby, Michael Formanek, and Randy Peterson -- all musicians they had both worked with before) was put together hastily. It falls to the jazzmen's credit that Disambiguation sounds so unforced and rehearsed, and flows so naturally. The pianist and violist know each other well enough to share a level of comfort that often finds improv musicians turning lazy and remaining on previously charted ground. If this quintet doesn't explore new, cutting-edge territories, it sure can't be accused of laziness. Karayorgis came up with five loose compositions: heads and sub-group sequences (a bass/piano duet here, a trio section there, etc.). The group members made the music their own (rather than "learned" it) and recorded it as if they had been playing it for years. Nothing here stands out of the ordinary: the pianist's tumbling lines, Maneri's deep viola lines, the rhythm section playing in and out often at the same time. Detractors of free jazz will say that this has been done before, and so forth. But these five players do it well, more than that they do it casually. Unpretentiously, like it is their everyday bread and butter, they pour their hearts and souls into Karayorgis' post-bop themes (that Monk signature again in the opening theme of "Three Plus Three"), break down their sound into every possible combination of players to show everything they can do, and bring it softly "Home" in the end. All in a day's work, right? Disambiguation is the work of professionals still thrilled by what they do.
In the end though, I wasn't satisfied with the cake. Even though all the components for boston cream pie were there, it just tasted like a yellow cake with chocolate frosting. I thought that it needed more pastry cream, and the cake was not as moist as I wanted it - I probably need to make more adjustments to my baking time for the 6-inch pans, as I only decreased the time by 5 minutes.
It’s definitely over but somehow I’m not happy about it. I thought the last barrier would be the feeling for them which has already absolutely gone for weeks. I’m not sure what it is! Now, it’s fully empty inside. I’m on no balance and I can easily fall down anytime. If only I fell through 9 layers of cloud down to the ground, I would be terribly in pain. It’s not it. I’m keeping falling to infinity and being held back by nothing. This maybe cause more unpleasantness than being wrapped up. This state is unbearable and I can’t take it anymore! I want it to stop! After all those pains, couldn’t I just at least be happy again for once? And maybe, being in pains is even better than feeling nothing at all. Now I just really want to go on to grade 12 education program now because I really don’t know what else to do and I don’t feel like interesting to do anything anymore, even my old hobbies. This life is really no better. I’m getting so bored that I’m actually dying inside. Keep me busy or … whatever … but something… Please!
Negro-Vilar A. Stress and other environmental factors affecting fertility in men and women: overview. Environ Health Perspect 1993; 101 (Suppl. 2): 59-64.
for you!
When I feel bogged-down by everything I need to do for school, I have to stop and realize that it is not my top priority. It just isn’t. Getting an education is important, but in the big picture, me not getting a 100% on a test means absolutely nothing. Of course I want to do well, and I strive to do well, but I trust that God will lead me to where I need to be in this life, regardless of my grade in some trivial class.
But as one would expect, while Tae Yong plans to work hard, Tae Mu plans to sabotage them. But our Joseon Boys are very smart so they anticipate this.
David Axelrod - Obama Campaign Adviser
Fra Lippo Lippi Shouldn’t have to be like that N
This will be achieved by using an independent medical assessment as the key part of the decision making process when considering a claim for the new benefit.
The good thing about the Sunday Times publishing its annual Rich List is that it gives us all a day or two to remind us of just how rich the rich are, and how much richer they have become.
The chapters are -
I feel like I’m getting closer to be that “playdate mom” I have always aspired to be. You know, the one where all the kids like to go over to their house because it’s fun, the food is good, and there is always lots going on. I used to love going over to a friend’s house in high school because she had 4 brothers and everyone liked to hang out there, and the mom was very relaxed about it all. And I figure this way I can keep more in touch with my kids and their friends and what is going on at the parentally-shielded school they all go to.
The beers from Camden are good. The Hells Lager (apparently a stab at combining the helles and pils styles) works well, being a well-made lagery sort of a lager - clean, crisp and moreish. This is the beer you get if you go into a bar and ask for "a beer" - well-executed, transparently flawless, drinkable, bittersweet. The unfiltered version ups the ante a bit further, and the Unfiltered USA Hells slams down a hand of four aces and scoops the pot into its lap - zesty, slightly yeasty, but carrying that unmistakable hoppity-skippity of an unfiltered lager. It's just more alive, somehow.
The photograph had "Story". It certainly seemed to speak to me.
He is still eating reasonably well. He is up to ten ml every three hours, and is digesting it pretty well. And he's getting about 40% of his calories from me, as opposed to the IV. It is amazing the things you worry about with preemies. Sheesh.
If you want controversy to dog your aspirations, make sure you have a photo like this somewhere floating on the Internet. Neo-conservatives didn't have any trouble dreaming up conspiracy theories when Rima Fakih won Miss U.S.A.
14. “Weekend” by The Smith Westerns
Before I leave I am scrambling to finish an incredibly book called “Rebel Buddha.” It’s written by Dzogchen Ponlop. It’s all about buddhism in the new world, and what the philosophy of buddhism is stripped of all its shiny stuff. It’s really amazing. This morning, while sitting in the bath tub, I read this paragraph and cried:
Badger First Gold - (Ruby brown ale)
All These Things I Hate by Bullet for my Valentine
42. It takes about 63,000 trees to make the newsprint for the average Sunday edition of The New York Times.
I feel happy but I don’t want to be a fool and do a lot of foolish things. So I struggle to change, to restrain myself from certain excesses. To leave well enough alone.
Finally, brothers, good-by. Aim for perfection, listen to my appeal, be of one mind, live in peace. And the God of love and peace will be with you.
We continued eating lunch and trading sexual innuendo and double entendre. As I finished my last french fry she turned to face me again. I noticed that her skirt had risen up her thigh quite a bit. I slowly chewed the last of the fry as she smiled sexily and spread her legs. That action made her skirt move even higher up her legs. She dropped her napkin between us.
That said at episode two the series begins to show its true colors and by the ending of the third episode more or less establishes itself as a good anime. The third episode plays the role of a turning point for the series as the characters begin to explore what the concept of obliteration means, as well as giving us a more detailed look into the character of Angel. From episode four onward the characters develop into deeper individuals and the show becomes much more likable.
possess you
Mark these dates in your diary now:
“To think of you, to admire you and to love you, makes us stronger and
Peppermint Rainbow - Walking In Different Circles
4 large egg whites
Dec. 7: The Tabernacle, Atlanta, GA
So last week was probably our worse week ever.. It started probably Sunday and it really didn't stop till Thursday... Well i new going into last week i needed a reminder because I could feel me falling. I know hubby could too and It was Spring Break.. But I don't have to get my butt beat twice to know I don't top from the bottom or tell my hubby when to spank me..
8:35 Pee yet AGAIN!!!! Go over with one of the bonus girls what is expected from her regarding her impending book report.
As she left, police say a physical altercation broke out.
Happy Mother's Day to all!
1/8 tsp. garlic powder
As I type this, it occurs to me that perhaps I am on schedule and that this morning’s show was God’s way of alerting me that it’s time for me to take my next step. That instead of forcing myself to watch TV, I should spend the time reading, writing or completing the coursework I started months ago. So, instead of berating myself for what I haven’t done, I’ll say, “I got the message, God, and thank you for your continued guidance.”
I stared at her. Sure, honey. Go ahead into the bookmobile. I'm going to stay out here and set myself on fire but I'll see you in a few minutes.
My daughter fell in love with her Ballerina Sue Thumbuddy from the moment it arrive. She carried it around with her and even took it to school for share day. We read the book numerous times and we are to the point where she knows the book by memory so now she "reads" it to us. Because she is a habitual thumb sucker and sucks practically non stop all day every day, I knew this would not be an easy habit to break and not something that would happen overnight but we were prepared for the long haul. While she loved her ballerina sue, she was hesitant to put it on and keep it on her thumb but she was connecting with her and knew what she was for. To aid in the process, we have started using one of the suggested tips, provided to us with our Thumbuddy kit, and added a band aid to her thumb. The combination of Ballerina Sue Thumbuddy and a band aid appear to be our perfect combination. We have been working with the Thumbuddy for a couple weeks and while she has not broken her habit yet we have seen some improvement and I am looking forward to continued success with Ballerina Sue and the Thumbuddy to love program.
Due Date: Thursday, May 31, 11:59 PM (optional, but still must be scheduled)
17If I kept my food for myself, and did not give some of it to the child with no father;
Whilst I've read about beer's and hazes, I dont think I've seen that on a bottle before now.
I am new to the Catholic Church and to blogging, but I am giving it my all! My blog is Senttobe.blogspot.com I write from the perspective of a Mom, former protestant pastor, theologian's spouse, but mostly my love for the church.
One thing that is not including in Shrigley-Watson definition is the means or method of how the end of exploitation and cruelty will be achieved. It does not specify ‘non-violence’, nor does it advocate ‘pro-violence’. It simply encourages us to do it, not how.
"We're fine with it," Chloe Thiel said.
Now we are ready to head out to the local library where we signed up to participate in a family craft project, Hulu Gord Painting, sponsored by the Richmond Chinese School.
I wrote and edited a book. Technically, I ghostwrote it, but people, an entire freakin' book. In four days. I might have died from lack of TV and Internet but for the cool sister-writer company, fascinating subject, and relaxing ambiance of our remote Round Top farmhouse. Plus, she paid me.
I hope you come back.
The Patel posse burst into the room to find me giggling at my book while Sameer lay dozing.
I’d like to share a couple of quotes I found today about new beginnings.
Finish: Newhaven Harbour Station TQ449009
The sin that I now refer to – in the interest of vomiting up my soul – is in relation to the terrible habit I have of not always seeing things through. About three to five times a year (give or take) I will become completely obsessed with something new and dive into it with guns blazing, only to lose interest somewhere down the line and just walk away.
Frugal: He doesn't complain when I buy the good stuff.
Do you prefer listening to music when you write? Do you have a Script Frenzy playlist? If so, blog about it and post the link in the comments. If you listen to a particular album, let me know – I’m always on the lookout for new music, and I’d love to hear what inspires you.
and turn, and I would heal them.’
In her womb this truth was shown:
Cancer has shown my family what hope looks like. It's brought us closer than we were; probably closer than we would be now without it. It's strengthened me as a mother, a person. It's introduced me to amazing people. It's bonded me to great friends.
Crean reported to Indiana with no illusion about the degree of damage done there. In the flotsam and jetsam left behind, somehow he would earn back the trust of high school players, their parents, and the high school coaches over time. The humbling task of taking the floor at Memorial Hall with a modest roster of players ill-equipped to compete in the Big Ten, much less on the national stage lay just ahead. In April, 2008 the Indiana Hoosiers announced Tom Crean would be their next head coach. Tom hit the highways and byways of Indiana sitting in countless living rooms with skeptical parents, telling them why their sons would be developed as students and basketball players. Slowly, painfully, Crean began to get into the heart of 4 and 5-star players’ homes preaching the gospel of IU basketball honor and tradition, noting of the 36 seniors he coached at Marquette, every one had earned a degree!
hammering in
The trees were in the way so I stepped out of the yard into the wide lawn between the houses to capture some clear shots of the sky. I was only out there a few minutes when I turned around and was met by this sight.
I know, it doesn't make logical sense, and probably can be explained away by skeptics and even I, myself think there must be some logical, scientific explanation behind it all...you know, like all that time/space continue um crap.
"Posing for the calendar just felt natural. It was very liberating actually," said Mikey, who appears as an angry bull (May), and with a Christmas hat (December).
And Craig Ringstad did not disappoint. Great pieces - both large and small - and some amazing rare specimens that I've never seen before. So I had to snap a few shots . . . enjoy . . .
Those attempts to defend against the allegations were only partially successful, since there is little doubt that Nunez-Tesheira’s reputation has been damaged by the entire episode.
I've posted before about my son, the jazz trumpeter and, objectively of course, how incredibly, awesomely talented he is. And while I have no doubt the talent is all his, I also believe what helps bring it out to its full measure is the instrument he plays.
I do NOT want to go to this parent-teacher conference tomorrow. What if the teacher says my kid is behind in math? He'll probably have to stay after school for special tutoring from now on. That's going to cost a fortune. And then the other two kids and I will have to hang around for an extra hour every afternoon. Oh, shoot! What if it rains? I'll just bet they don't let us come inside. That means we're all going to get strep twice a week until the end of the school year. And I won't have any money left for medicine. The other two kids are going to miss so much school that they'll fall behind in math, too! And what if the teacher says he isn't playing well with the other students? I'll have to start taking him to a shrink. Who has time for that- what with the tutoring and strep and everything? I'll probably miss a couple of appointments and then the counselor will get mad and report me to CPS. Of course, CPS is going to take one look at my kids' math grades and yank them out of the house. See... if I go to this conference, the State is probably going to end up taking my kids away.
Photos are worthwhile a thousand words. Sometimes photos show more than you can describe in the directions. The glaze for example is described as pasty. In the photos you can see that it has a certain dimension. It is very thick and doesn't flow as you may know it from other glazes. And take a look at the shape. They are really rounded, indicating that I have baked them a little longer. I like my Pfeffernüsse very crunchy. If you bake them as described in the directions they may be more flat after cooling down.
At long last, the revolution comes
Moon the Mod whippet is already asleep, tonight's excursion tiring his slender body.
One of the tomato side dishes I fell in love with was this recipe for Baked Tomatoes. I have modified it to fit in with our Anti-Cancer diet… but it’s just as delicious. I call these Saucers because I use beefsteak or heirloom tomatoes, and they’re huge!
DO: Send an email to your colleague if they look like they are busy at their desk. It will mean that you won’t be interrupting and they can deal with the query later. Start the email with ‘you look busy so I didn’t want to interrupt…’ Again if you conduct yourself like this your colleagues should treat you with the same respect.
“Can I see your driver’s license?”
Post a CommentAdd to FavoritesEmailPrint Article
Teamtalk seem to be confident that Randolph Austin plus Tottenham’s Anthony Gardner and Sunderland goalkeeper Marton Fulop will sign this week for Stoke.
I’m thinking I just love to cook actually..Lol!
I said, "Son, those aren't your shoes. That's what happens when we wear shoes that aren't ours." Wham. The conviction train ran me over. How many times have I tried to (figuratively of course) wear shoes that weren't mine? How much pain have I self-inflicted by trying to run in shoes that are too big, too tight or just plain old not for me?
14. Restores financial privacy
I just have to ask you, since you must have more experience than I do with toddler outbursts, how the h*** do you handle them!? My two-year-old is a real sweet child most of the time, but she sometimes throws fits where she absolutely hates her father. "Dad is not allowed to watch my tape!" "I don't like daddy!" "Go away dad!". And he gets hurt and walks away. But I just had surgery, I can't deal with her because my whole stomache looks like a six-year-olds attempt to do embroydery. Please tell me this will go away! And how shall we handle her? Please Dawn, you are my domestic goddess, do you have any advice?
Now, I've never had it before, although my sports massage guy had been warning me for sometime that if my back muscles didn't slacken off I was in danger of developing it. It is a shocking pain. I've been very fortunate in my life to be born with a healthy body and to have avoided major accidents, so the worst pain I'm familiar with is menstrual which, for me, ranges from an annoyance to having to do some more serious meditative breathing.
Cybrfrank 2010 loves drifting with his cars so there’s a lot of this in his movie. In previous movies you could find a few building that were built by partners but this time it’s all made by Cyberfrank 2010.
My peanut:
* Inside Sentiment: Kraftin' Kimmie Christmas Interior Sentiments
His primary focus was campaigning, both openly and disguised as being a crusader for student loans. He attended 4 campaign events, and visited one high school and 2 colleges. Whereas, VP Biden attended one documented fundraising event.
on life’s tricky slope,
I recently posted a short article, on the sister site, entitled The Devil’s African Queen. It’s about Oprah Winfrey, “The Queen of the Talk Shows.” Have you ever heard this woman speak about the slaughter of Europeans taking place in South African, on any of her shows? This woman is one of the most powerful woman in America. If she really made the effort to spend just five minutes speaking about this topic, the whole Western world will, in a matter of days, be shouting “Stop the South African Genocide Now!”
time we pass it my 6 yo asks if I plan on going that day and
The Basilica, built to resemble those wonderfully ornate Byzantine churches was impressive with all the gold and gems it housed inside. But inside, hard as it is to believe, there are quiet little pockets of calm where one can pray and contemplate the mysteries of life and faith.
Today I will walk you through the steps in making an easy decorative pillow. I like to put zippers in my pillow coverings so that they can be cleaned and/or easily changed out so that I can re-use the pillow form. I prefer feather pillows, and since they are a little more expensive than form inserts or polyester fiberfill, I like to recycle them from season to season and pillow to pillow. Once you start making your own pillows, you’ll never bother with the cheesy things you find at the store that are stuffed with… God only knows what and from where.
I’ve had to remind Barb on numerous occasions to slow down at the start of a run. She has gotten much better and this has helped her to become a better runner in general (so I like to think, call me Coach Jeff).
Step 8- Once all of the shoe is covered in glitter and dried check for any bald patches and touch up areas. If everything looks great take those bad boys outside of to the garage still with paper underneath and spray the shoes all over with a good long dose of the acrylic spray. This stuff will hold that glitter in place like a rock and still give your shoes great shine. In the end I waited till it was dry and gave it one more coat just to be safe.
So, either people expect children to be terrors at all times, or our kids really aren’t that poorly behaved.
However….I really didn’t see the numbers on the sign….I just assumed that it was a 55 MPH sign, since I have driven that road several times and KNEW that was the speed limit, and therefore went on as usual.
You nasty, white supremacist.
Here’s what he had:
Alcohol graphic
For additional information on Sprout programs or schedules, visit SproutOnline.com. To find out where Sprout is available in your area, call 1.866.9.SPROUT.
and all for under a pound you know
Be patient and take good care of your hair.
He sat at her feet, the design all ready in his mind, enjoying the thrill of choosing where to place the first pin of his artwork. It took three hours – his technique was improving. When the work was complete he lay on top of her, feeling the spread of her wide hips beneath his groin, loving the tremble of her shuddering body. Slowly, and gently, he pulled the tape and cloth away from her mouth and eyes. She didn’t speak.
What do you think about the next playstation?
Alas, there is no Borders now, and our local branch of Waterstones is so small it finds it difficult to staff its shop after hours. They are also more cautious with the number of books they wish to stock - no doubt a sign of the times. So after some searching and thinking I have come across the old theatre in Chester. The main part of the theatre has been dismantled but the studio and bar have been renovated, so my publisher, Seren, is hiring that for the evening. I am presenting my films and giving a few short readings in the theatre, and then will be serving canapes, wine and a cake in the bar upstairs. The cake is yet to be finished. It has been marzipanned but the crucial decorating stage is to come, but when it is, I shall, of course, be presenting the result here.
Since we live in a small apartment, I wanted to make the best use out of everything I put in her room, so I turned the toybox lid into a magnetic chalkboard using magnetic primer & chalkboard paint!
So even a mirage may act as a cure.
Hillary Clinton, as the Governor's wife, officially dedicated the garden in 1985. I had gathered the first lavender spikes from the new Heritage Herb Garden and taught myself how to make lavender wands. I presented her the first lavender wand from the new garden at the ceremony. For some amazing reason, she held up the wand, in front of the gathered dignitaries, media and herb folks, and gave a 2 minute spiel about my magical lavender wands.
I think there is good reason to now attack the very premise of the UHF Broadcast Spectrum ‘incentive auction’ based on what is going on with Verizon and its pursuit of the AWS spectrum. Things are unraveling at this time because Verizon is smart enough to see that Broadcasters are not going to ‘roll over and die’, the amount of spectrum that comes out of a repack and auction is fairly minimal, and the fact is their wanting of our spectrum was more about pushing our demise as anything else. Things are unraveling at this time because Verizon never really wanted Broadcaster’s spectrum, they simply want to continue the story of our irrelevance. Time to go on the offensive!!! Let’s look at a few facts…
A total sucker for old movies, I felt like we were on the soundstage of the Robert Redford/Paul Newman classic; The Sting. There were cocktail waitresses, betting windows, racing forums, TV screens; wall to wall, floor to ceiling, all featuring horse races. I’ve never seen anything like it.
As an example, I decided I would meet with the man who I felt had ‘rejected’ me and see if I could ‘stand being around him’ – the kind of language we use in situations of this kind. Knowing the importance of self validation, I was gentle with myself and made sure I felt like I was doing the most loving thing for me, by meeting him. I spent the two nights leading up to the meeting focussing on handing over the stress, anger, anxiety and pain that came with knowing I would see him.
A brand new TV show for SKY ATLANTIC
Meanwhile, Star Wars keeps getting the cool shit, and kids eat it up.
Uppinder’s got this smooth, silky voice with a funky euro accent. He speaks stanengles, choppo, frenchie, russ, looney, and whatever lingo they cast in Greater India. Big brain. Tiny fucking balls.
"Will you join in our crusade? Who will be strong and stand with me? Somewhere beyond the barricade is there a world you long to see? Do you hear the people sing? Say, do you hear the distant drums? It is the future that they bring when tomorrow comes!"
If you are like me, you grew up with felt boards. I remember having some in Sunday School and at school, as well. I loved those things! So when I found out that Betty Lukens was a popular company that made new felt boards, I was excited to get to review them with my kids!
Delray has to offer.
What you will find in this blog, are articles covering my interests. No personal or emotional garbage. Unfortunately, my interests are quite many, but time is limited. This blog is an attempt to keep myself focused on a limited number of hobby related projects at any given moment.
Most of my friends and family don't know that I have this blog, so hopefully I can get away with this post here. I really apologize to those of you just stumbling across this who managed to read it all. I'm not normally such a sour puss...I just needed to get it out.
The days cool down just enough,
What's on your must have list?
Alvin and the Chipmunks ... FX ... 8 PM
We consider the moon and stars to be beautiful because they are, magically beautiful. Okay, maybe that’s too simple. They also reflect something (a power, a world, a universe, a design, a purpose) beyond our understanding, evoking wonderful questions about our existence.
I also caulked the seams where the edges of the bookcases met (alternatively, you could cover this part with a flat piece of trim). Once the caulk dried, I painted this part along with the trim (I had to prime the edges where the bookcases met, but my trim came pre-primed). I used a sample container of Behr's interior paint in a flat finish (apparently the sample sizes only come in flat), colour matched to Martha Stewart's Talc. I don't think it's an exact match, but as you can see in the pictures below, it's very, very close.
I am a serial long distance dater.
eaglets, and are so tender and loving to them----and what
I'm writing to say that I've decided to remove myself from our group. I'm going to be taking a break from blogging for awhile. I'm fine, just need to take a break. I wanted to let you know so you can fill my spot! I'm sure there are lots of folks out there who would love to belong to the group (I've noticed a lot of new people on the PTI forum lately ;)
The first Parliamentary debate on immigration was on the 5th of November 1954. John Hynd Labour M.P. in Sheffield said the colour bar in Sheffield dance halls because of knife fights was justified. Both Hynd and another Labour M.P., James Johnson, called for a committee of enquiry to be set up and speakers repeatedly asked the Government to take action but Henry Hopkinson(c), Minister of State at the Colonial Office told them “the matter is receiving urgent attention.” He did admit that he had received many letters from worried M.P.’s on both sides.
Now that Canada Day has come and gone, and I have completely given up on all but the most personal of my reading goals, I am free, it would seem, to dig into whatever I darn well please. Thus, as I endeavour to get my reading and blogging life back on track, I find myself heading straight for the known goodies! My last experience with Halldor Laxness, one of Iceland’s most revered authors, was a huge success and I knew I could count of the Nobel Laureate to deliver once again.
we are so in trouble when they turn 16!
Drawing lines does not sound very interesting, but in addition to my own app. development, another user expressed a desire for animated arrowed lines. So, a new two-point stroke has been added to the library. The TwoPoint class is the base for a family of classes in which a stroke is defined only by a starting point and the current mouse/touch point.
The acoustic machines inside, powered by CNC-milled wooden gears and timber pistons, "respond directly to the ever-changing state of the river. The sounds created by each instrument can also be manipulated by visitors to the millhouse."
Hello lovely readers,
I actually think this is good because if the rain slides off the roof like that, someone did that on purpose. I'm hoping for a winter season of no leaks or snow weirdness.
You want to mortise out that area so the latch will fit flush, or almost flush. It doesn’t have to be exactly right – just check it as you go. You’ll think you’re taking off a ton of wood, but it would be hard to make it too deep. Just keep checking here and there.
"I still remember the day I walked into the emergency room and I was no longer a student," she says. "I walked into the examining room and the first patient I saw had been assaulted. He was very beaten up. I remember running back out of the room to the doctor I was partnering with and telling that physician this patient needs a doctor, now. My partner, who was more experienced then me, looked at me, and put his hands on my shoulder and turned me around, and said, 'You are the doctor.'"
Right after I met K, a young mother named Lisa wrote to me and asked how she could help. She met me at a run-down hotel in the Tenderloin, 2 kids in tow (ages 3 and 1), and brought diapers, bags of clothes and toiletries and nursing supplies for this family. I can't tell you enough how happy and needed these donated supplies were to K. Especially the diapers.
Alvarado Street
The jug was put the wrong way round so that the inscription doesn't show, so here's a close-up. £12,650, remember - very good condition, best part of 250 years old, but it's the inscription that gives it its value.
I take my next-to-last final exam today.
I don’t know about the rest of you, but I’m excited about some of the movies coming out this summer. Usually, I don’t go to a lot of movies in theaters. Maybe one or two a year. Usually, I just wait until they come out on DVD/Blu-ray and rent them to see if I like them. If I do, sometimes I’ll buy them, sometimes I’ll ask for them for Christmas, and sometimes I forget to return them to Blockbuster, making it cheaper for my Dad to just pay for the movie instead of paying for the late fees (although it really is an accident when this happens. Promise). But two movies coming out this summer are really making me think hard about going to see them not only in theaters, but on premier night. The first of these is a movie that, you might say, some people have been waiting on for over 30 years. It’s Ridley Scott’s Prometheus.
Bear with me on this. The camera is packed away in one of eight packed cases. Frankly, we dare not open these for fear we may never be able to close them again. Once we have a permanent place to stay, we can risk opening them up, their contents can be loosed upon the world, and maybe, just maybe, we will successfully locate the camera.
Which acts have you seen at Melt? Would you consider yourself a fan?
He reckons he's hard to kill and is looking forward to his 70th.
½ cup ricotta cheese
2. The IPKat has been mewing about the problem of costs orders for relatively small sums that remain unpaid by unsuccessful opponents at OHIM and indeed in the UK Intellectual Property Office. Some readers have posted comments suggesting that costs should be scrapped entirely, while voters in the Kat's poll -- who were not given the option of scrapping costs orders -- currently favour requiring opponents in office proceedings to be made to give security for costs. Thoughts, anyone?
“Mom, I have to opt out. I don’t want any of this. Can you just contact me at the regularly scheduled times about once a week? I need to simplify and declutter even though declutter isn’t a word. The Buddha agrees.”
Holding up signs for the contestant and even making shirts, these diehard fans are exactly what the American Idol contestant needs to remind people to vote every week. Proud that she is local and even more delighted that their girl is representing strong, it is safe to say the blue jays are going to defend their contestant all the way.
It has come to my attention that it’s been such a long time since my last Giveaway that I can’t even remember when I last had one. And I always used to host Giveaways. The things I enjoy giving away the most are the things I can make myself, and these are all from my Etsy shop where I have archival quality prints for sale.
Cost: £ 8.50 plus postage
I didn't write a long Thanksgiving post about all the blessings in my life. There are many. So many. Too many for me to count or even think about all the time. But there is one thing that has stuck out to me over the past week. And that is how lucky Abby and Elizabeth are to have Kyle as a dad. He's a great dad.
These small islands are known for laid-back lifestyle where some people have their cottages and where artists have drawn inspiration. Some islands have a few hilly bike routes on narrower roads.
We look to the King.
Pick good filmmakers, of course, and pick good scenes. At least in the beginning, stick with filmmakers that are known for preparing in advance and being meticulous about controlling what you see on screen. I would suggest directors like Hitchcock, Spielberg, Lucas, James Cameron, Kurosawa, etc. I spent many hours thumbnailing sections of "Raiders of the Lost Ark" when I was first learning about boarding. The truck chase is a particular favorite of mine because there are many changes of screen direction at the beginning that are handled well.
(Btw: in the video, the dude in the pink headband and green cutout shirt will win-your-heart. I don't know his name, but if I knew it I'd remember.)
For all of you guys who are in the mood for some yummy Tiramisu here's a copy of the recipes taken straight out of my Betty Crocker Cookbook:
Provides the most reliable triggering performance.
It’s not a simple answer, Schick said, saying that the working number is $125/square foot--the figure Levin later disputed.
The now pretty-much dismissed claim that George Hodgson began exporting pale ale to India in 1785 is based on this being the date it was first advertised in the Calcutta Gazette. But the reason it wasn't advertised before then is not that the beer didn't exist in India, but that the Calcutta Gazette didn't. So when did Hodsgon first export his beer?
Update: Gopal, my Nepali language teacher, insists Hindus don’t sacrifice monkeys on Shiva Ratri, or ever. But my friends and I all saw the same thing: two people carrying a dead monkey out of a temple dedicated to Shiva, as part of a procession including other dead animals and animal parts during a holiday dedicated to Shiva. If anyone would like to explain this to me… you know where to find me
We had a group in HS, like a gangsta group LOL, we just want a group name that's all. That night we talk about the Principal's office incidents, those other sections advisers talking to me because one of my group mate was engage on a fight, it was a one of a hell experience in HS and my parents don't know these. Our group before is NOT that the type of "mean girls" "backstreet boys" way, we are just us a kids in HS and we're just amaze that people still recognized us and still know our names even though i cannot remember who are they :). And because of that i have allot of FB friends nanaman... lol... And thanks to FB group, from there we can communicate exclusively for our Batch only.
In the distance, I hear the call over the massive speakers for the men to get together and pray. Tens of Thousands heed the call and move in that direction. Thousands more collect around Angus’s house. Loud prayers are heard everywhere. I am acutely aware of the chill in the air, the clouds that are suddenly building up. THIS IS WAR keeps going through my mind. If this is a war, I am living in the middle of it. This servant of GOD is being struck down.
Similarly, When I was 18, I bought a Nintendo 64 in the summer after I graduated. I bought Connectix Virtual Game Station a few months later so I could play PlayStation games on my iMac. About a year later, I got a Dreamcast when they had their big mark-down in a last desperate attempt to keep the system viable. I have played the hell out of pretty much every game I have for those systems. My save file shows more than eighty hours logged in Donkey Kong 64. I got every ending in Silent Hill and Metal Gear Solid. I unlocked everything in SoulCalibur, etc. When I look at my Xbox 360 games, I see that I’ve only ever played about 30% of them for any significant amount of time and quite a few have never been inserted into my machine.
I would change “about me”,
Inside Style by Annmarie O'Connor - as featured in The Dubliner magazine - September 16th
Let's start with the royal, voluptuous eggplant, known as Vangi in Kannada, the language of the Indian state of Karnataka, and in Marathi, the language of Maharashtra, and also known as Vankaya in Telugu, the language of Andhra Pradesh. There are dozens of delicious ways to prepare this vegetable, and here is a tasty selection, ranging from the creative to the traditional.
No message, just straight entertainment. As the man said himself prior to being the first world wide broadcast of a one man entertainment program in 1973.
Steve Mason & Dennis Bovell: Dub Outside
Tests- 79, Runs- 6971, Avg- 56.67, 100s- 19, High- 364
- Mango: like Gap with an edge for those of us who have not the spine to wear leggings and hot pink. I dug the little extras, sequins, patterns, etc that didn't provoke my style-challenged insecurities.
Well Mother's Day has come and gone. This one was particularily delightful because my oldest son and my daughter-in-love are finally home from Germany with my new grandbaby. I swear that kid's cheeks are going to get kissed off any minute now.
“Vegas was in a boom time,” Mr. Jordan, the fund’s chief executive, said. “Snowbirds were moving there from the Midwest. People were saying at one time it was going to get bigger than New York. Then the bust happened, and we owned some single-family developments, subdivisions, and there’s no one living in those.”
Assalamualaikum w.b.t,
The pink garment was the first one I wore and it held up wonderfully to a luncheon and then walking and playing the park afterwards. I didn’t even iron it (I did remove it from the dryer immediately). I hate ironing. This garment was beautiful and made me look and feel fabulous, I stayed comfortable, relaxed, and well covered, and it was super low maintenance. I also vacuumed out the car wearing it. It did not mind, it did everything and still looked lovely. It was airy and lightweight on a hot and slightly muggy day, too. I wore white cotton pants underneath. Since the fabric is thin and lightweight I wouldn’t wear something particularly bulky like jeans underneath, but rather some thin drawstring comfy pants that have a smooth profile. Or you could skip the pants and wear a slip or culottes, especially if it’s longer on you (I pretty much always wear pants underneath).
“It’s not a big deal, Anton.”
I did it and survived and this Christmas was one of the best I've ever had simply because I felt free to be who I really am.
KC That nothing is impossible to accomplish. Set goals for yourself and stay on a positive note.
Tear down some two-lane country
2. Make a menu plan for the week and write down a grocery list based specifically on your needs for that plan. Be precise in amounts.
Wally’s face when he finds out he’s not invited to the big superhero crossover shindig. Real world equivalent: logging on to facebook to see a ton of your friends tagged in an album during an event you weren’t invited to. Don’t trip, Wally; your solo adventure was a million times more fun than any group shenanigans with the Justice League.
Run.
6. Are you showing/wearing maternity clothes? Well, we can tell that I am showing but I doubt you could unless I showed you, which I probably won't. :) My maternity clothes from before are still too big for me but a hair rubberband helps keep my pants from cutting off my circulation if I'm not wearing sweatpants or a dress.
A shame, said I, if she adds just him
In a mixing bowl, combine the sugar, flour and lemon zest. One at a time, whisk in the eggs until combined. The mixture will become bright yellow. Add the buttermilk and melted butter and mix together. Pour the mixture into the pie shell and bake until the top is slightly browned and the center sets, about 40 minutes. The pie should not be too jiggly although it will not be completely set in the middle. Remove from the oven and cool to room temperature. Slice the pie, top with whipped cream, or not and enjoy.
We have this little life growing inside of me right now that we can only see as a miracle.
As I turned the corner and headed out on a curving, country road, I realized how much times had changed – there would have been a time where that kind of thing would have been atrocious, considered raw and outrageously inappropriate. I love the show, “The Big Valley,” an old western on tv. One episode that illustrates this point well was when the mayor, the sheriff and a town councilman decided on-the-spot what to add to the handwritten book of laws and regulations, to keep their town from behaviors that didn’t suit them! Some of them were humorous, yet it got the point across.
To understand rural folks you have to look at what they value. Yeah there’s going to be minor differences of opinions on the “hot topics” of the day but forget all that shit – it’s a sideshow. What I’m referring to here are the very basic human needs. When SHTF most of your rural folks will prioritize their needs for security in a manner similar to this:
I attempted the back cushion first, and it went relatively well. I left the bottom seam open until I tried it on the cushion, and fit it to the chair. When I realized it worked, and was finished with my happy dance, I sewed the bottom cushion closed.
all I do is close the door
Tendered Eyekhol (MAC)
Who knows what paths his bruised feet trod,
Mon; 11:50am: Seriously, did someone drug me??
But I saw you in anyway
It all started with Chuck Klosterman way back around Christmas. If you’ve read any of my posts from around that time, you very well know how Sex, Drugs, and Cocoa Puffs changed my life. If you haven’t, you need to go read them and the book because it is the most epic thing I have ever read and this is coming from a person with a small library in her house. Anyway, I loved Sex, Drugs, and Cocoa Puffs like nothing else. It was one of the most thought-provoking books I have ever had the pleasure of reading and it was pretty funny, too. Let’s just say that at that point in time, upon first reading it, I would have married Chuck Klosterman no doubt.
Have waited for forever,
A great self help idea which can help you alter your every day life is to begin training yoga exercise. Exercising yoga is the best way to get in good shape and it’s also very therapeutic. You can even find forms of yoga exercises that aim that will help you get more in contact with on your own.
“Remember: Grenell was told to be silent solely because he was gay. He was accused in National Review of being a potential fifth columnist for Barack Obama, simply because of his support for marriage equality, which he was never going to speak in public on anyway. His job was to speak on national security, a job for which he was very well prepared and very, very neoconservative.
A little more than a year after taking it, Carter won the Pulitzer Prize for photojournalism for the photograph. Two months after that, he took his own life by taping one end of a hose to his pickup truck’s exhaust pipe and running the other end to the passenger-side window. He died of carbon monoxide poisoning at the age of 33. Portions of Carter’s suicide note read:
Changing tone now, for the remainder of this month I’m going to continue posting other resources on the blog. The posts that have already gone online as well as those to come explain my Christian life better than anything else can. Once October begins, we’ll hit the ground running with a few new series of posts. One of them will be a fairly-thorough series blogging through Craig Bartholomew’s excellent new book Where Mortals Dwell. I’ve also written a review of the book, which will be published in the November issue of Christianity Today. I’m hoping to bring in some readers of that review to join the conversation about place-making that will hopefully be happening for the remainder of the year.
So who does that leave? Just three whose views we (or at least I) do not already know but may be able to guess: Dame Denise Platt, Member of the Committee on Standards in Public Life; Celia Grandison-Markey, Management Consultant for Health and Social Care in the public sector; and the Revd Canon Dr James Woodward, Anglican Priest and Canon of St George’s Chapel, Windsor.
A horrible commercial for a terribly written and atrociously acted television show full of non-descript blondes with country accents goes on. The show has the forgettable title GCB, which I imagine must stand for Godawful Country Biatches. I try to throw something at my TV for the next commercial for The Voice, a show I have never nor will ever, watch. “This is do or die,” says the Maroon 5 guy, in a lackluster tone. Do or die. Really? They’re singing a song. Relax. A slovenly Christina Aguilera who looks like she’d rather be on her couch, wearing a muumuu and eating ice cream from the containger while watching I Love Lucy reruns, pretends she’s near tears. “Don’t make me do this, guys,” she says, or something to that effect. Shut up. Your show sucks.
By their own figures they state the CO2 in air has risen from .034% to .038% in 50 years.
There is a ton more to say, but I didn't want another day to pass without sharing our news. Thank you for praying and I can't wait to catch up on your lives as well. Welcome Penny!
But the girl had too much of her father in her so she continued to walk by his apartment everyday. Refusing to be intimidated by the gigantic Winona Ryder poster on his wall and praying that the old Vana White poster wasn't his. (It hasn't! Thank God!) But the boy still didn't notice her. (Mother F---er!)
she also gave me the cool vase! Thanks T:@)
A freshness on the nose, following to the palate.
“Whatever…?” she stammered. But the pressure of those warm honey hands sent her back into silence, just as the mice and rats appeared. Bootbutton eyes, twitching whiskers, a sea of intertwined tails and noses, and sharp, yellow teeth sat on the windowsill. The cats didn’t move a muscle. Glorianna strained her eyes to look at the ground below. It was now covered with fur and a general wagging which sent the snow into joyous flurries of white. A puppy let out a single high yelp, but was cuffed by its neighbour immediately into silence.
PS - I know I should have done my Holland trip blog AND I've been given a Stylish Blogger award which is awesome, but when you go gallivanting for the entire vacation it means the first week of school is a biotch.
* 2 whole-wheat pitas (6 inches each), top third cut off
Please think of me, afghaned, sweatered, Law & Ordered, grading student extra-credit assignments, having a casual beer, with nothing but sleep and the making of a kale salad to mark my horizon.
YOU control you.
IslandWood's dedication to the community through lifelong learning, education by hands-on learning, and its commitment to stewardship shows what can happen when people work together.
HAMUUL: It’s been…a slow process here.
* You can puree half the mango cubes and add it into the jelly along with the milks or just add them into the jelly mixture as it is. I used the mango cubes to top the jelly instead.
140 grams of butter, softened to room temperature
I started my week back at the Seymour Centre today, working on one of the two plays being workshopped for the National Script Workshop through Playwriting Australia. The play that I’m working on is entitled, Scowl by Angus Cerini. I thoroughly enjoyed the first reading of the play and was fascinated by the powerful and unique private language that is presented by the two protagonists, not to mention the strong views that are expressed about society and culture. The beautiful thing to watch was the actors first approaching the script – the wonderful Maggie Dence, Vanessa Downing and Russell Smith – their rich voices, their biting instincts and the masterful way they tackled the script and brought to life all of the wit,the punch and, well… the scowls!
While it is *possible* humans didn't "descend" from apes given the lack of quality evidence/information that we have, there is absolutely nothing substantive to suggest that we did NOT descend from apes. The genetic code is too similar, morphology is too similar, even social behaviors on many levels mirror those found in ape societies (think gorillas and chimpanzees). It may be disappointing to hear or think on even, but what evidence that we do have, inconclusive though it may be, does point clearly in one direction and one direction only.
He let himself dwell on that as he passed round the back of the door. Sometimes Dora still treated him like a child, to be scared into obedience by monsters under the bed. He was a grown man, and she only a handful of years older than him.
I didn’t like that life. I was miserable. And I don’t want that life. So why am I struggling with it so much? I suppose it’s because eating disorders are an illness. Even though I have been in recovery for a year I am not yet recovered. I am still going to have times (like now) where I have to fight for every step forward. Honestly, it’s hard and I at times I have wanted to give up (that’s what last week was about) but I can’t. I am not letting that be an option for me.
I took a little trip to the library with my niece and just like Jim Dales quote stated, it was an adventure back to my childhood.. The visit however... was to entertain my niece but I found it just as, or even more entertaining then she did.... Here's why?
As I mentioned earlier, I had a pleasant visit. My therapist handle my treatment professionally. I do feel a little pain but the treatment was over before I even realize it. She was efficient! I had quite a chat with her too. lol
Great Eastern Energy is a trusted energy partner to over 15,000 natural gas and electricity customers throughout the Northeast. Whether energy prices are increasing or decreasing, we will make sure you have the most appropriate program in place at all times.
I told everyone about him in a sudden flurry of educational endeavour. I reckoned he has nothing to do with unicorns. He might inspire someone to work out the full length of the Nile in millimetres.
Sophie: "Mom, would you give me away at my wedding?"
Orson is large and lofty. A mezzanine level with suspended walkways overlook the ground floor which is dominated by a large, oval bar. The wait and bar staff wear slightly dandy, distinctive uniforms marked by officer-like stripes around the arm and a jaunty tie whilst the hostesses were all beautifully dressed in what I guessed must be highlights from their own very attractive wardrobes. (Think adorable, short baby-blue dress paired with darling little white ankle boots: Very cute indeed!)
Need To Watch Rating 8.9
* Public masturbation
2.life of misery
For my card, I made a 4 1/4" easel card in white. I embossed the Black Iris paper with an embossing folder for the background. I stamped the Floral Frame and colored it with Prismacolor Pencils. I cut the frame using Labels 18 and then the center with Classic Ovals Nestibilities to create a frame. I stamped the sentiment using the Sentiments Collection from ODBD and cut it with the Classic Ovals (one size larger than the frame opening).
The food acid in the Vaalia is product 296, or Malic acid, commonly used in tinned fruit & veg, jams, confectionary, and potato snacks. The recommendation is that it should be avoided by infants and young children.
Ok, great, if you will just look at my diagram that I have illustrated poorly with stick figures.... You take your right leg.... and put it out to your side, have your other leg at a 25 degree tilt...... so that there is no problem when we start with the whip cream and pudding. Stop talking and pay attention!! This is important, this is why we need your friend Erica!
The key to abundance of grace
Vickie Guerrero lays a big fat kiss on Matt Striker. She said if HHH loses tonight, she wants to be the new COO.
For some reason they would never show them. Naturally the next step is an emotional public relations campaign by people like the Environmental Defense Fund who ran "a billboard and TV ad campaign accusing American Electric Power (AEP)and, by extension, anyone else that opposes EPA overregulation, of pushing a “dirty air bill” that will kill 17,000 people per year in the name of “polluter profits.”
I explain to her, that there are a lot of open tables,
The following is an extract from the testimony of Steven Emerson, director of Terrorism Newswirer before the Subcommittee on Immigration and Claims of the Committee on the Judiciary House of Representatives one hundred sixth congress second session January 26, 2000 online here
That seems rather false since if or if not the HHS birth control mandate is upheld it does not affect the overrall legality of the Affordable Health Care legislation itself.
We’ve heard about the righteous man now let’s analyze the wicked. Obviously, none of the above apply to the wicked. The wicked is compared to Chaff. Chaff is worthless matter separated from the wheat during threshing. A winnowing fork is used to toss-up both the wheat and the chaff. The wheat, having substance, falls back down. But the chaff’s weight makes it very easy for the wind to blow it away. The chaff is then gathered and used to fuel the furnaces as was custom in the culture of Bible times. Luke 3:17 explains ,”"His winnowing fork is in His hand to thoroughly clear His threshing floor, and to gather the wheat into His barn; but He will burn up the chaff with unquenchable fire.”" As the chaff can not stand with wheat, neither can the sinner stand with the righteous.
Well, after the first few goes. Sort of.
Their mother knew he was right.
We went ahead and put the salad on the table JUST before everyone arrived. This salad was DELICIOUS!! The white bottles with ribbon on them are a gift from me. I made them all my homemade lotion in a purse size :) They Loved it!!
Brecon Brewing - the brewery may have just been established, but Buster the Brewer has certainly been established for years. Cracking core range, small, close and friendly enough to let me play regularly. I'm looking forward to brewing a house ale soon.
BTW - "cock" was used 16 (oops, now 17) times in this post. :D
As she lay there
Registered in September 1983, PBDS had about 150,000 members before it was deregistered.
Yes, we live in an HD-world where the flatter the screen and the more crisp your images are, the better your quality of life is and so on and so forth. However, the recently critically-acclaimed film, “The Artist” shows us that not only are black and white films not dead, but they’re beautiful and win Oscars and stuff.
The new fundholder had earlier been introduced as Mr Rob Offord, husband of Amanda Offord, both activists from Moseley.
I don’t have one of those self-healing mats, so in order to cut the fringe evenly, I put the edges together, combed out the fringe, and put it on a bamboo cutting board and used a ruler and a rotary tool. Voila! Perfect fringes.
So, I decided that I would 'borrow' her post and dedicate it to all my bloggy friends out there. You know who you are. I could not convey enough how much your friendships meant to me. The comments that you have left on my recent posts, I've read over and over again. They have given me strength and the love that I was so thirsty of during some of my lowest points. Your tweets made me smile even at times when I felt that the last thing I wanted to do was smile. The outpouring of emails and direct messages I had received from some of you, offering me shoulders to cry on, listening ears, precious times out of your busy schedules to let me know that you cared. Even when I had been quite MIA lately, many of you continued to pay me a visit through my blog just to check on how I was doing.
So, would you take a punt on the likes of Holt for a season or two? Or would you splash the cash for Ba if Newcastle are looking for another £35 million? Do you think Aguero and Rooney are Vultures, picking over carcasses of dead games?
I can only imagine it as she saw it ... white walls with colored tiles thrown in for effect; feet played into the tiles on the floor; the smell of antiseptics and a sight of a hard working member of the custodial crew. She knew she had a boo-boo, and she could point to me where it hurt. It wasn't a huge deal; definitely not life threatening, but it was the weekend and a Sunday at that. The only place open on Sunday is the ER. So off to the ER we went.
I hope you all had a great Labor day!
I loved the colour....they fitted not too badly....but they are waaaaaaaay too long and flared in the legs...
Two (2) Luke Cage pages by Frank Robbins -- one almost complete stat.
Find neutral position of your shoulders. Inhale to protract your shoulders or round your shoulders forward, exhale to restore it back to neutral. Repeat this 4 times. Then, inhale to retract your shoulder or squeeze your shoulder blades together, exhale to restore it back to neutral. Repeat this 4 times.
The following morning, I showered, dressed, broke fast, packed and checked out. I headed down to the basement car park to begin the long journey to Nenagh, which would merely be the precursor to a further long trip from Nenagh to Castleisland, to visit my brother and give him the bottle of whisky. Which I now no longer had. The problem of how I was going to rectify this matter paled into insignificance when I went to unlock the car to open the boot. The zapper wouldn’t work, no matter how often I pressed the damn buttons. Then the thought occured to me – the zapper had been in the backpack too. Had the liquor penetrated the zapper? If so, how could I get it to work again?
On Tuesday my best mate Vic rocked a sheer floral tunic that I actually made for myself two years ago. Upon realising that my arse has out grown said tunic, I knew Vic would look great in it so gave it to her. I think she has proved me correct.
For my part of the interview I intend to do an interview of 3 different youth at a middle school. I am not going to get an interview from the guy with the gun.What I would like to focus on are three perspectives on violence. I like the idea of having the view from different students speaking to how they were bullied and how they attempted to resolve that? I would also like to get a principal or a teacher at their school to speak to the resources that students have when they feel threatened. My only concern is in finding someone who will speak openly about bullying someone else. Any suggestions?
Nian's flowers
In the meantime
While Red Lake Earth (RLE) is currently only registered as an anti-caking agent and flow aid for use in livestock feed, many customers have found various other effective uses for the product.
They knew that the plan to kill 90 percent of humanity was wrong.
and where, between us and the stars
The wind started to pick up. As we cruised along the rickety brick sidewalk, fallen leaves whipped around into our faces with an apocalyptic dark energy. Then it started to snow. We were gleeful. It was an intense moment. It was in this stormy miasma that we turned the corner where Calvert intersects Adams Morgan. At this point you look down the main strip, and have about a half-mile of downhill through busy city streets to look forward to. We passed the precipice and started to bomb, dodging orange pylons that were being blown in a crazy bowling pin scatter over the street….
Serai (lemon grass), 2 pcs, smashed
I can't wait to see the entries for this challenge, as I absolutely love cats (I have four of my own!), and hope you enjoy making yours as much as I did mine! Good luck!
I got the point. I still ate the antichuchos. I'm not rushing out for tender or intestine, but heart somehow falls on the side of the line with tongue.
mona lisa
In a bout of connective zeal, I had put "The Seven Samurai" in our Neflix queue. It was supposed to have something for every one of us. It was a movie that influenced George Lucas (Star Wars, for Rob and Nate), was the blueprint for many Westerns (me), and it was Japanese (Madelyn).
When you’re very young, this is fairly easy to do. Everything seems new and you’re unlikely to worry so much about your writing. When you get older however, the difficulties of daily life can impede your perspective. Being spontaneous in thought is a wonderful thing in writing. It’s that one idea or image in your mind that can turn into a whole story. It’s playing with words, writing a poem or random thought just for fun. This is important for writing, as well as for your own sanity and is also the reason that I don’t advocate being exceptionally organized or exceptionally chaotic. Neither seems compatible with writing.
In short... get used to them!
He says, "You are right. I told you not to cook and then never told you when to start. You did exactly as I told you. I can't argue with that."
And that’s it really - street-smart consumerism!
Pictured are the three bottles of wine from the Barossa I pulled from the cellar: a cab, a shiraz and a montepulciano. You’ll have to wait until Wednesday to find out which one I chose to open! Here’s a hint: can you say duck wrapped in BACON? with a blueberry vermouth sauce?
While chicken is cooking, mix soy sauce, vinegar, honey, garlic and crushed red pepper in a small sauce pan. Bring to a low boil and add cornstarch mixture. Cook until thickened slightly. Pour over chicken and lemons in frying pan AFTER you have removed the pan from the heat. Sprinkle with sesame seeds. Put the lid back on the pan while you are waiting for the broccoli to finish.
Perhaps someday that phone will ring and I'll know more. K has my number. Perhaps, but I won't wait on it anymore. It's time to move on and let the story be what it is: unfinished. I never thought a story without an ending could be a good one but I'm going to hope that this one is.
You may also know me as Mrs. Mullet. That doesn’t quite ring true either. I used to live in Mulletville, but I fought hard against assimilation. I don’t have a mullet, therefore how can I be Mrs. Mullet? I should be Mrs. Anti-mullet.
And so, another trip to the Garden State comes to an end.
I think the Clippers are the better team. They have too many weapons on offence and they show you that playoff dee is a new gear and that you don’t have to rely on it all game. Patches of important times. And I was going to write a piece on Chris Paul before we even started this blog and I was basically going to solo on him being incredible and total ass kick in the playoffs. Last year against the Lakers, he was infinite. He carried a shite team on his back and they won games! He was ballet.
Druids in raids as full-time trees
I don't have a link for a Butternut Squash recipe...yet. Stay tuned this week, because I will be posting my favorite Cream of Butternut Soup recipe in addition to a non-squash recipe for Cheesesteak Pizza.
For the last time
And hey they have a camel that predicts the Superbowl winners
Anyway, the picture above is one I got last night while a friend and I were wandering round York, camera's and tripods in hand trying to capture something of the beauty of the city. Really is quite nice at night with the clear sky, relatively warm air and the occasional group of tourists being escorted around on one of the many ghost walks. I think I might do this more often, particularly at the beginning of the week when the pubs and clubs, and streets even, fill with people after a more alcohol-fueled view of the city.
2. You must comment on every blog in the hop
22. The Legend Of Wooley Swamp - The Charlie Daniels Band
The initial level of explanation is simple: The ideas that Mussolini and his colleagues put together as constituting Fascism were very little more than the set of ideas that were already popular among European and American Leftists in the early 20th century. The ideas concerned may seem strange now but they were not strange then. So as the limitations of Marxist ideas became apparent to Europeans, American Leftist ideas rushed in to fill the gap. And to a considerable extent they rushed in via Mussolini. Fascism could thus be seen as Mussolini's amalgam of European and American Leftist ideas, with the American ideas ending up superseding most of the original Marxist thinking. So Fascism was coherent to the extent that Leftism of the time was coherent. And that also explains, of course, the very large similarities between Italian Fascism and Soviet Communism during the 1920s and 1930s -- a convergence in both rhetoric and practice. And no-one has ever denied the influence or importance of Leftist thinking. Why Leftist thinking is as it is, however, is a very large topic in its own right that I have covered at great length elsewhere.
I wait for a moment, hoping she'll feel what I just witnessed. When she doesn't, I utter the impossible: "Why not start there?" The pain in her eyes make me long to pull back my words. I've just asked her to cut 100 pages from a story that is overly long. Still, 100 pages...
See full article at EW – Inside Movies »
The Station Agent
And his wake became moonbeams of perfect solitude for her–
something to be stifled or hidden. It is 'girlie' and therefore
Nothing about me changed except for my feelings about myself.
That is one of the main reasons I feel Amway is such a cult and not a traditional MLM business. They are not about making friends they are about making money. Although obviously I was about making money too when I joined any of the companies I have been with, after a few years in the industry you realize that this business is about friendships, and personal development. Not sales, not scamming people, not building pyramids like egyptians or anything like that.
“The Pharisees and the teachers of the law began thinking to themselves, “Who is this fellow who speaks blasphemy? Who can forgive sins but God alone?”
And here in Brazil, we are fortunate enough to have a wonderful personal loan available to us to buy a plot of land. The need is fairly urgent to be able to build something here on that plot of land. So please pray with us that God would bring in those finances needed to meet our very specific needs as a family home (adding more children as the Lord sees fit, hosting many visitors, homeschooling).
The record appears to tell the story of a trip across the US, but it's a pretty uneventful trip. Whynott goes a few places, meets a few people, and manages to sound wistful about it all. There's a girl in Rock Springs who sings, then some flying without a plane, then some other woman who reminds him of a lioness, and then a trip into the mountains while it's raining. The lyrics are kind of trippy and a little annoying, at times, because they don't seem to be really saying anything. However, the overall effect works--you come away feeling something listless and removed.
The God who makes the wind blow and bids the eagle fly
It was a good first stop, but I saw no reason to quit while I was on a hot streak. I moved on and hit Madesi’s stand next. This one only got me a few pieces of jewelry, but they were valuable, and I couldn’t carry much more anyway. When I was finished, I glanced around one last time, then headed to the local inn. I bought a room, ate some bread and clams from my pack, and then passed out on the bed for the next few hours.”
We could hear the sound of the engine accelerating from the far reaches of Church Avenue. The moan of the small block V8 was fast approaching, its demise was in reach.
7) 72 companies that are indicted in the forensics with over N230b against their names.
WESTERN Cape Community Safety MEC Dan Plato acknowledged yesterday that there was evidence of "ineffective policing” in the failure to save a number of businesses destroyed during rioting in the Plettenberg Bay industrial area in recent weeks.
Everyone held their breath and watched as they passed under the limb where the bear was perched. The bear watched, too. But he didn't move. The large uphill group decided to go all at once, and the family knew that's when they'd have to make their move. They passed under the tree just as the larger group passed them. The mom looked up and saw the bear looking down at them. Her heart beat faster than it ever had, her eyes darting between the bear and the trail and her children and her husband. On the other side of the tree, with the children uphill from her, she turned and looked back. The bear had gone back to stuffing itself with red berries, unconcerned with the parade that had passed below him.
The rice and the soup are my own version.
This is the ANC's "offer" in behind-the-scenes negotiations currently under way in the controversial name change battle, Beeld newspaper reported.
Sons Of Adam trade reverb for sustain, add vocals, and increase the garage factor. The results occasionally sound like The Leaves, or Love minus the songs (and Arthur Lee), plus Jeff Beck on guitar. I also detect traces of The Misunderstood, Beau Brummels and Shadows Of Knight in the mix (none of the dozen cuts I’ve heard would sound out of place on Nuggets.) A pre-Love Michael Stuart contributes some very sharp drumming, and Holden continues to evolve as a guitarist—Beck comparisons aside-— while beginning his initial experiments with volume, feedback and alternate tuning. Good L.A. Pop/proto-psych with Freakbeat leanings.
The vast majority of publishers expect content to be paid for by consumers. Among them, the subscription model remains popular among 74%, whereas only 13% of consumers prefer a standard, subscription-based model. The remaining 87% of consumers are interested in unlimited access at a set price (33%), purchasing single copies of publications (25%), making small micropayments for individual articles (16%) or paying for "credits" to be drawn down as content is accessed (14%). For publishers, the standard subscription price is expected to yield greater profitability. For consumers, occasion-based publication purchasing is expected to result in substantial per publication savings, reflecting their recognition that the page costs will be going down in the absence of associated print distribution and mail costs. While publishers anticipate that their income from digital publishing will grow substantially in the next five years, only 5% of the savings they will reap from digital production will be passed onto consumers.
Tunnel Light Range – Endura Tunnel Lights are available in two ranges – Endura Tunnel Tek S and Endura Tunnel Tek L with adjustable installment of illumination. Its robust Special Air Convection Heat Sink Design adds to its efficiency, durability and helps in fireproofing. It is suitable for following applications such as Tunnels, Public places, Roads, Under- ground Passes, Railways, Underground Parking Places. The range is available in cool white color. Price range Rs. 85,000/-.
These are so simple and one of my favorite crackers right now. Enjoy them with seed cheese, hummus, soup, or as they are for snacking.
Thanks to my crack-like addiction to pinterest.com, I have been inspired to get crafty. Below are a few projects I've been working on lately. These are graphic plaques... made with my own graphics and a block of wood.
We have watched how Obama smears those who would dare to donate to Mitt Romney’s campaign. That should make us want to donate even more, not back down and cower in fear. We all know that Obama is determined to be reelected legally or illegally – he doesn’t care. He just wants to hold on to his power, so he can finish what he started – destroying America with his pathological politics of corruption, greed and evil. If the elections don’t suffice, he’ll invent an emergency to ensure his death grip on the throat of America.
The labels were just printed out on Avery Labels using their super easy DesignPro software. The first time I made labels for these, they were much cuter and more colorful. Since Chloe likes to recognize letters and attempts to identify words by their first letter, the script font I had used was confusing her, so I made this set much simpler for her.
I can almost see it
Sheik Yousuf Al-Qaradhawi: I sat down yesterday, along with the people of Qatar, awaiting the results of the FIFI… What’s it called? FIFA. So I was watching, until it got to the point where Qatar was competing with America. I was taken over by excitement, and I said: May God eliminate America, and grant success to Qatar. Indeed, America was eliminated and Qatar was successful. Allah be praised. This is the first time we beat America in anything.
Do you want to post overseas:
· Discuss transportation issues affecting your neighborhood
He said: "We were prepared to have a fair fight but it did not feel like we could have one because there was a big group of Labour supporters outside the polling station."
I walked the stairs into the large brewpub. I sat down at one of the tables and was given a menu by a friendly waitress. At that moment I was not hungry, so I scanned the beer menu. There were four beers available that were brewed on the premises. I ordered a taster glass of every beer and decided to buy a half liter afterwards of the beer I liked the most.
For my world is increasingly populated by geeks, which is something welcome. The same dynamic that means that single women acquire gay friends because of the bond of childlessness, leads me as I get older increasingly to enjoy sincere enthusiasts (aka geeks) and to appreciate the side-effects of enthusiasm in any given area of life, which include success and fun. And this is despite having originally been encouraged by a society that celebrates effortless superiority to believe that there was something suspicious about enthusiasm.
* sending a cake designed as a business card with the candidate's picture
Tickle the shadows
I am writing from Argentina!! I am home and happy :)
There's some interesting stuff here - the sense of place is excellent, particularly in the filming locations and extras casting. The concept of the impact environment has on personality is a good starting point, but gets lost in the guise of a thriller/drama. I think that if Affleck were to simplify, he might be more successful in his next venture.
Valkyrie's Vengeance by Suzie Grant
I could go on for ages, but I kind of wanted to stay on topic, but I'm interested in the debate.
ROCK N ROLL
Way back...
The Yinka Dene Alliance is taking a Freedom Train across Canada to enforce their legal ban on the Enbridge Northern Gateway oil pipelines and tankers project, and to stand up for their freedom to choose their own future. A large delegation of Yinka Dene people will travel with allied First Nations from their traditional territories in northern BC all the way to Toronto, with events in Jasper, Edmonton, Saskatoon and Winnipeg along the route.
If we turn on a flush draw and discounts to keep us true to our bowl flush, we are credited with the victim gives chase. It does not matter if we do not, take two or three times. We know that when we meet them, and therefore in the long run will be successful in winning hands in doyles room poker rakeback. Thus, pot odds a simple tool and the best example of non-thinking is the result.
Today while James and I were playing out in the front yard we ran into our neighbor. She had recently attended a parenting class and as James was kicking her rocks into the street she decided to give me a lesson in parenting skills.
Unlockable Pictures
That was last week, it seems an eternity ago… who knew that waiting could be so exhausting?
Iron your bandana with the ribbon on the other side to fuse the bandana to the ribbon.
To use my own set of examples and understandings (from watching what has happened within myself)… I made two choices in the last month.
I went to the talk, and participated in the Ada Aarhus meeting, and both of these things introduced me to the concept of being the outsider. Something which I understood, or at least thought I did, yet which I hadn’t really experienced before. I cant say I enjoyed the experience, but it was certainly enlightening, and it forced me to re-evaluate what I thought I understood on this subject.
Distress inks by Ranger
It wasn’t until 12 years ago, when Jack came along and changed everything, that I was able to reclaim Mother’s Day as a day to rejoice. Mother’s Day? I was now a MOM! What an honor. What a privilege. And over the years, experiencing spring through the eyes of the kids, of buds and blossoms and rain puddles, I was able to enjoy the season again, too. Spring was Jack’s birthday, but was also my rebirth.
3. Preheat oven to 180c.
Friends, did you bring me the silver,
I’ve haven’t been too successful in life. Many of my dreams have been stomped out by reality.
So my advice to you… if you are training for an event which is local to you – get on out there and run part of the route.
I spoke to a guest at dinner tonight about a wedding she went to in New Jersey over the weekend. She said it was very nice but there was so much food at the cocktail hour she didn't realize that there was also going to be a three-course dinner and a buffet of desserts following it.
August in Texas is a terrible time to move (105 degrees and holding), but I'm doing it!!
How I’m Feeling: Still feeling really good although this is the first week where I am really feeling pregnant. The belly seems BIG to me right now and this is the first week that it seemed to get in the way and make me uncomfortable at times. Quite a few times I’ve tried to squeeze through a space I generally would fit through, only to bang my belly into a chair, a table, the wall, etc. The “Wow look at that belly!” comments have also started, making me feel even larger. However, I know in 10 weeks I’m going to look back at this picture, laughing to myself that I felt huge at 24 weeks. Feeling huge or not I am still LOVING this belly and the little babe inside it!!
I love this circular cardigan - there are so many variegated yarns that would look great in this pattern! Instructions are given, using the Drops Baby Alpaca Silk, on how to blend in single colors to give that variegated look. Pattern is here.
I was explaining a big mistake I had made earlier in my life and then explained it away with the remark that “well maybe it just wasn’t meant to be”. He replied with “all the mistakes I’ve made have been just that, my mistakes for whatever reason but I am the one that chose.”
Originally opened in 1932 as Deptford Municipal Playing Fields, it was redeveloped by Lewisham Council last decade as part of its strategy for improving the public spaces along the route of the Ravensbourne (see also neighbouring Brookmill Park and Ladywell Fields).
Choose 3 from Category A
The tone is fun and cute. They fit so well together from the very beginning. Yes Simon was an ass, yes maybe Daphne should have know better. But the drama at the end was actually one of the best parts. It seems I like an unhappy couple who has to solve a big crisis.
Pensioners silver-surfed or risked Maiming By Cappuccino at the coffee machine.
Then with one blink
And all the pretty flowers had died
So, in the hustle and bustle of our everyday life, I really pondered what kind of card I could make for this sweet boy for his birthday this year. Then it dawned on me that of all the people that I know that have seen my cards, this child has been my biggest motivator and highest praiser. He doesn't care what is on it or if it is just so. He cares that it is made by his Mom for him and with lots of love, and that makes it perfect in his eyes. So, while I keep wondering if I made this card boyish enough with my constant desire to always add gems and flowers somewhere on my cards or add some sort of frill...and I know I did more than I probably should have on here, I can bet that this concern will never even cross his mind. He will tell me how much he likes the little mice and the frog on the inside, and he won't even notice the things that I am concerned about. Now, tell me if I am not the luckiest Mom in the world. He is going to make some lucky lady a wonderful husband one day.
The result was a very satisfying and demanding METCON. No round of front squats went unbroken. The first two rounds were done in three sets each, but not evenly divided. The final round may have been four subsets. I failed during one set and the bar crashed to the floor. Jack was nearby and gracious enough to rack it for me so I could continue. I appreciated that because no matter how hard I stared the bar refused to lift itself back into the rack. No respect for the mean face. So frustrating. The opportunity to catch my breath was also much appreciated. I shifted to no-hands or arms-crossed squats going into the round of 15 to protect my hand. 45 reps of squats done for time was proving to be too painful.
Rustie – Gold Likk
just a girl we run thru
A few years ago, I sat next to a lovely woman on the Eurostar from Paris to London. She was Scottish but worked as a French/English translator in Paris. We were the same age and had shared similar lives. I liked her immediately. I liked her even more when she told me where she lived. She and her French husband had just purchased a castle in Normandy, she said. They'd bought it three months before, for the same price as their two-bedroom apartment in the Bastille area of Paris. She was still incredulous. "May I ask how much?" I politely enquired. €300,000, she replied, still delighted by the price. Then she told me the extras. A carriage house, a gate house, a grand estate of 10 acres, stables, a parterre garden and river frontage too. Okay, so it was a little run-down, but they'd bought a hammer and drill too. All this for the equivalent of $380,000 Australian dollars. You can't buy a smart apartment in Melbourne for $380,000, let alone a chateau with a charming carriage house.
It’s like last year when I left a job for another one. People thought I was crazy for changing jobs. I liked what I was doing, I was learning a lot, I loved my coworkers (and still do) and there was some family history with that company so why would I leave. But because I had the right conversation, with the right person at the right time, I was given an opportunity with an employer where I worked 15 years earlier. Returning to this company has brought me some new challenges along with some wonderful opportunities.
My son is an outdoor person. He graduated with a degree in Environmental Studies. He spent six years living in Utah, camping, hiking, river rafting/kayaking, snowboarding, skateboarding and taking on every new outdoor adventure come his way. He's trying to figure out what to do for the rest of his life.
We all felt very spoilt.
7 replied
We’ve seen two Hulk’s in recent years, Eric Bana and then Edward Norton, but taking over the role in “The Avengers” is actor Mark Ruffalo, and he is absolutely fantastic as Bruce Banner, the man who has some serious anger issues. Ruffalo brings just the right amount of vulnerability and warmth to the physicist, playing him as a man who has been hit the hardest by his “special abilities.” While the other Avengers are at least able to maintain a life in society, Banner spends his life isolated due to his constant fear of getting angry, possibly resulting in “the other guy” mass murdering a town. Ruffalo is funny, emotionally tender, and magnificently brutal. And finally! We have a Hulk that looks like Hulk. The heaving green giant is scaled to perfection and steals every scene he’s in. You’re going to love his vicious, yet somehow calm, maiming of Loki.
“Q” – Take a prompt from me. You need to get in line to play pool.
This case study, of buildings viewed in sequence, of views opening up revealing surprise and delight was highly influential to the founders of the townscape movement such as Gorden Cullen, Pevsner and Gibbard.
4. Weddings should start on time.
Kung Fu Panda Holiday Special ... ABC Family ... 12 AM
Sprinkle with Parmesan cheese.
The best thing that could happen as a result of the tragic shooting of Trayvon Martin is that Florida’s so-called self-defense law “Stand Your Ground” and the similar laws in two dozen other States are repealed.
Chow Yhang Restaurant is our favorite restaurant on most Monday evenings as most of the others are closed.
Kanye: "Well yeah you got serious junk in the trunk, your ass looks massive"
I refer to my own posts here often, especially for recipes, and I hope others do, too. For that reason, I am leaving Real Life Living online. Meanwhile, I'll still be in touch with you on your blogs and on Facebook. If we aren't "friends" yet, feel free to send me a request.
(nobody questioned me about that), since walking into either and chatting with people would have taken more time that I had. Because I use these sites regularly in the series, I wanted to know how far apart they were, and how far from other pivotal locations—call it a reality check. I also paid attention to parking availability (have you ever wondered where FBI agents and police detectives stash their cars in a major city, near enough to headquarters to be retrieved quickly?).
Although the pictures – and these are the pick of more than eighty – are bad, I kind of like them. In this era of pin-sharp rarity centrefolds, these are reminiscent of mega rarity record shots in journal back-issues and the rare bird annals, like an early-eighties Ross’s Gull, or one of the extremely rare tern species. Atmospheric, rather than accurate …
I’m so happy that Ronnie has access to team wheelchair sports through Sportable. He is a very athletic person, and always seems so excited to play basketball, lacrosse, track and field, etc. He never had that opportunity before joining our family, and he certainly doesn’t get it at school. But even more than the athletic opportunity, I like that he is meeting people who use wheelchairs and don’t let that stand in the way of living life to its fullest.
Not making horrible records that suck is the first and only one that matters. If you’re in it for riches, I’m glad you won’t be in it for long. If you’re in it for a living, there are better livings and you should find one. If you’re in it because you just can’t help yourself or if you’re in it to escape from the nowhere town you’re stuck in, then good and good luck. You need to realise that it isn’t enough to just be good at music. Talent is far more abundant than your evolution as a creature of roving hunter gatherers allows you to recognise – half of the girls at your school had an amazing singing voice. You need to learn how to do all the other stuff that makes good records: design, web development, pricing, tour-booking, fucking HR management. Stop waiting for saviours and don’t ever give up and get a job that doesn’t leave you enough time for your work. And if an A&R man says he’s coming to your gig, make the fucker pay and let someone else in for free. We’ve been servile to these people for far too long.
Kashmiri chilly powder- 1 1/2 tsp
love is the victim
From the first 5 seconds of "P.S. I Love You" it is clear that we are not in the realm of rock music. There is no steady back beat, there is no hint of a blues sensibility in the music, and there is no energy behind the vocals. What if left is a rather watery pop stew that leaves this listener unsatisfied, and hungry for something else.
Audio Commentary
In a small bowl, whisk together the fine sea salt, garlic powder, and oregano.
Flee, flee, or I’ll shoot you.
The waves beside them danced, but they
You can also encourage greater creativity in yourself by putting productive ideas into exercise. If you paint or indite, for model, try anything new. Plane upright swing a distinct itinerary to line to see if it is quicker can refrain. The direction is to get you deal employed part of its fixture patterns.
The pressure sensitive ignition compound inside the primer gives off a microscopic vapour-like residue the moment it ignites the propellant powder. Standard police tests for primer residue are usually performed on the hands of a suspect. This residue is NOT gunpowder residue. Gunpowder residue will discharge forward away from the muzzle in tiny particles ranging from burnt, unburnt, and partially burnt propellant powder, as graphically illustrated in the very top picture. Primer residue, on the other hand, will disperse differently in an invisible cloud-like formation leaving traces on the shooter’s hands and also others who happen to be in close proximity of the shooter, but more about this later.
Dry heaves wracked my body.
This is a really good movie but it isn’t one I usually recommend to anyone. Wes Anderson makes such a unique film that I never feel confident trying to persuade someone to give one their time. My favorite Anderson film is far and away The Life Aquatic, but I love them all and this one is probably either second or a close third behind The Royal Tenenbaums. If you give this one a shot I hope enjoy it as much as I did. This isn’t really a good enough review for a movie I love so much, you will have to excuse me. I have recently cut caffeine out of my diet, it blows.
You press into the Father
But I wasn't ready. I needed time to understand the city, to get the flow of life here, to know others who rode their bicycles around. Even then, I just wasn't prepared to make the plunge. Why was I being so cautious? I wondered where I could I keep it. I asked my gardienne if I, too, would be allowed to park a bike in the courtyard, where there are already four in permanent residence. "Mais bien sur," she replied, "comme tous les autres locataires." Of course I had the same rights as the other tenants. Why was I being so anxious? Despite my happy-go-lucky exterior, I clearly am not as adventurous as I might appear.
Lens holder with quick-change facility with pre-adjusted focus for optimum picture sharpness. Lens bound diameter of 70.6 mm or Lens turret for 2 or 3 lenses of 70.6 mm diameter for manual operation Lens turret for 2 or 3 lenses of 70.6 mm diameter for automatic lens and aperture change Remote focusing control Remote framing control Optical sound device for mono and stereo prints.
The author is Australian as well and all of her books are set in Australia. She uses their slang and words and it was kinda fun to decipher the differences between her slang and mine. It was also fun to imagine an Australian accent on every character.
I just reviewed the 11th anniversary ale, and the 12 anniversary has been in Indiana less than a week now. I read over at Hoosier Beer Geek that Cavalier got a higher quantity from Stone than normal. I stopped at Party Pak yesterday and they had a ton of this beer at $8.99 a bomber. I planned on purchasing some extra for trading and aging purposes, and I checked the internet on my phone (has this change anyone else's shopping habits?) and found this beer for a buck cheaper a bomber a mile away, and I bought my fills worth of this offering. $7.99 a bomber seemed to be a better price, but I read over at RateBeer that this beer is $5.99 in Detroit and other places in Michigan, but at least we get it here right?
She used miniture m&ms for the eyes but I didn't have any so I just used dark chocolate chips and it worked perfectly fine. You'll also need some pink jelly beans for the nose. I should really start collecting the different sorts of candy for cupcake decorations. The problem is, every time I buy candy for these purposes I end up eating all the left overs and I would still have no ingredients the next time I need them.
crafted in a semi-sheer, chiffon fabric
The rebels are receiving more secret aid, mostly from Arab governments who are not willing to wait for the Arab League to make this sort of aid (weapons, cash, advisors) official policy.
Good design can simplify use, manufacture, and maintenance.
Thank you for reading this. Christ is risen! Indeed He is risen!
+ Now that the web seems to be going more to a visual format with the likes of Pinterest, Flickr, Tumblr, etc, there's also a newish site called Cowbird that I am thinking of checking out. They are invite only right now and describe themselves as:
And she dances
Would Santorum have everyone go back to the 1600s where only a handful can read and the rest are burnt for witchcraft if they scratched mishappen letters on mountain faces? It’s not a degree that makes for snobbery it’s how you hold yourself and the values you have and how you make your money. A degree doesn’t make a snob nor does it raise one’s social status, it’s just a ticket to the job market which society has shamefully colluded to demand from the people unaware of the neo-oligarchy and quiet fascism creeping up on the democratic world. Santorum speaks the language of authoritarianism and dictatorship, is quite fundo in outlook, almost unstable – maybe he’s just stressed? Maybe his neighbours make so much noise he doesn’t sleep well. Santorum would fit in well with the beheadings or limb hackings of Hudud and extreme Syariah, maybe the shootings of Cold War era Russia.
I work in one of those huge, home improvement stores. Every year, before inventory, we have to do what is known as “rack diving”, meaning we have to get in between all those racks of merchandise and repossess any and all products which may have fallen by the wayside. Along with merchandise, one tends to find a surplus of non-merchandise as well…things such as skeletal mice, mummified birds, massive dust bunnies, some things too gross to mention (I don’t know what is wrong with people) and a variety of chewed gum, candy wrappers and spit cups.
I'm so excited to be here at The Pearl Girls today. To say THANKS for having me, I'd like to give away a few copies of my latest book. So look for a give-away after my post!
10 Art Film (talked about that one in the last blog)
Today, when it was 79 muggy-ass degrees outside, I FINALLY started my Christmas shopping. First, I went to Toy Joy during lunch. I'm embarrassed to say I haven't been there in at least 1 1/2 years. It's one of my most favoritest places ever, and I have just been a loser I guess. But the fact is, I rarely go down near campus. Ever. It depresses me how homogenized it has become, and it just makes me feel old and disconnected. But today I was down there attending an all-day workshop on "Strategic Planning and Goal Setting" (God, I'm such a fucking grown up), and went to one of my favorite college haunts (one of the few that is actually still around) for lunch and then to Toy Joy. Sigh. Got The Geej and BH's younger son some stuff there, vowing I would be back to shop soon when I had more than 20 minutes and $30 to spend.
Just a warning: If you’re a dude, you do NOT. I repeat..YOU DO NOT want to read this. Your view of women will change forever.
...Or even convince me otherwise that it's a safe procedure and worth the effort/money!
On Sunday, April 17, two photographer friends and I were strolling in Washington Square Park where a man suddenly appeared with an enormous leashed iguana which he proceeded to walk on the lawn. As we were taking photos, the owner became immediately hostile, demanding $3. We stopped. One of our group, however, pointed out that this was a public park and there were no restrictions regarding photography.
create and engineer highly relevant experiences that accelerate business growth and fuel brand
Katie foolishly runs off - with the CD player - and is chased. She assumes she will be, once again, eaten, but they only want her music.
We finish our co-op for the summer. Its summer time and the kids are going bored already. I just finish up our summer chart and sign up for the pool and gotten our summer books ready to go!
This is the same newspaper that kills itself to cover up the respective racial identities of victims and perps in local interracial crimes.
The Plot: A bit like the Nero Wolfe mysteries by Rex Stout, I always find it hard to remember the plots of the Perry Mason books – so here is a brief rundown of the how the story was adapted for the film, relocating the action from LA to San Francisco and Paul Drake transmogrified into ‘Spudsy’ Drake, tailor-made for the wonderful comic stylings of long-faced Allen Jenkins (later to play Officer Dibble in Boss Cat, or as the shown was known in the UK, Top Cat). Mason has just won another major case, is planning a long vacation in China and is celebrating at a restaurant in San Francisco. He is approached by an old friend, Rhoda Montaine (busy Warner contract player Margaret Lindsay). She claims that a ‘friend’ is in a real bind as her first husband, long-thought dead, has in fact turned up and is trying to blackmail her now that she has remarried into a wealthy family. Mason sees through the ruse and realises she must be talking about herself and Gregory Moxley, her first husband. Their tete-a-tete is interrupted and she leaves. When he returns, he finds a gun and some narcotic in her purse. While dining with the coroner, he learns that an exhumation order has been made for Moxley as the man has been sighted some four years after his presumed death. Perry and Spudsy go to the morgue and find that the coffin only holds the statue of a wooden Indian! Perry talks to the doctor who prescribed the sleeping draught for Rhoda – its clear he was once in love with her as he now refuses to say anything more about her.
On a hilltop in Elbert County, Georgia, approximately 90 miles east of Atlanta and 45 miles from Athens, is a monument constructed from six large granite blocks. Five slabs are at the corners and centre of a square defined by the capstone on top. A message is inscribed on the structure in eight modern languages, and a shorter message is inscribed at the top of the structure in four ancient languages’ scripts: Babylonian, Classical Greek, Sanskrit, and Egyptian hieroglyphs.
You left them running through my head
twist, his “actors” range from institutionalized mental patients to individuals with Down Syndrome enabling him to utilize the true abilities of the actors’ minds as an art medium that
Giant killer animal movies have their place. Unfortunately that place is not in Arizona and it is certainly not with the added impetus of big bunnies. If it's all the same to you, I'll take my rabbits animated and fighting Elmer Fudd... NOT the National Guard.
“We’re not talking about rope, and we’re not talking about dope,” he said. “What we’re talking about is a serious agricultural product.”
For make-up, I also prefer to buy brands now. I remember the simple days when I'd just buy a 15-euro foundation at the drugstore. But now, I won't go for anything less than high-end brands. Foundations I have been using lately are from Clarins, Lancome, or Yves Saint Laurent. I did buy a drugstore foundation a while ago because I wanted to try it out, but I just don't trust it somehow.
Symptoms are: twisting hungry stomach pains (like haven’t eaten for days), hungrier after eating than before, flatulence, pain comes & goes. All the while, the centre of my stomach is cold.
It may happen that someday everything else will be gone and I will be old and alone. All I will have is myself, and I want to be able to live with myself. In some way, there is always a part of me preparing for that time.
“Appropriate Government” would mean the Central Government if the purpose for acquisition is for the Union and for other purpose it is the State Government. It is not necessary that all the acquisition has to be initiated by the government alone. Local authorities, societies registered under the Societies Registration Act, 1860 and Co-Operative Societies established under the Co-operative Societies Act can also acquire the land for developmental activities through the government.
I know I can do this and I will.
"Why?" I asked without thinking.
After encountering numerous spins and off road excursions in the early stages as John got used to the car in extreme conditions, he found himself well down the leader board, but with a better understanding of the road conditions he improved on his performance on every stage and eventually returned to Cockermouth late on Saturday afternoon in a very respectable 40th overall and fifth in class.
Their stories enrich mine as an entrepreneur. At the end of the day, these inspirations fuel the work I do in building a social enterprise and the brand JACINTO & LIRIO. In the short interval that I have been immersed in this work, I learned how being PASSIONATE about the story you are creating, plays a crucial factor in the pursuit for success. But most of all, I I definitely learned how COURAGE plays a BIG ROLE in pushing through with an enterprise. COURAGE plays a big role in continuing to believe in the story you are trying to tell.
"But I haven't actually had any 'consequences' in the year I've been managing it with natural products and diet," I respond. And, as much as I hate to admit it, I do the air quotes. Yup. I do.
herbs and Parmesan cheese. Sprinkle this mixture over the top of the pie. Bake the pie for approximately 15-20 minutes or until the cheese is bubbling and topping is browned. Allow to cool at least 10 minutes before serving.
This can become especially important when your going after your dreams. Going after them can be a tiring affair and it’s never really over. There are a lot of sleepless nights, tired days and off days where you feel like just giving up. It’s no easy game to be apart of and that is why you have to play it the best you can.
Alberto Burri
Nothing much has changed in the last 25 years. Whooping cough is still infecting both vaccinated and unvaccinated individuals. There are pertussis increases every four to five years, no matter how high the vaccination rate.32 Many children and adults survive whooping cough disease without complications but some do not. And some doctors in positions of power are still in the business of creating fear and demonizing those, who make informed health choices that do not include use of 16 government recommended vaccines. 33, 34,35
Secondly, please, please, please stop bringing up China and India when attempting to defend modern day capitalism. Yes, millions of people are climbing their way out of poverty. And yes, China in particular has turned away from its Maoist past and heartily embraced aspects of the free market. But as another commenter pointed out, both countries remain planned economies, control highly centralized. If our governments here attempted to intrude into the economy the way the Chinese and Indian governments do, conservatives would howl in outrage before soiling themselves and passing out. Witness the reaction to the various stimulus packages.
Today, it's another (weird, natch) unsolved mystery. Not a murder this time, but something kind of crazy.
However, there comes times when our garage door does NOT make us happy. Like when it comes off track and jams through the ceiling (that's happened a few times). Or like when the main spring breaks...
Then he offered a historical argument that seemed very 2004. Sliwa recalled the deplorable state of the area around Atlantic Terminal in the 1950s. The Fort Greene Meat Market (long cleared for the Atlantic Terminal Urban Renewal Area, or ATURA), he said, was part of a Brooklyn in disarray: prostitutes, drug dealers, and low-lifes.
you need credit. you need it, for emergencys and large one time purchases, but dont go buying stupid things, needs and wants are not the same thing. you dont need new shoes if your current shoes are appropriate for your daily life and in decent shape. you dont need $4.00 lattes or $15 meals. knowing what you are spending your money on is the first step to curbing those habbits.
Then we had some tea.
“Are you skilled in engineering, medical services, or trades? If so, Australia needs you,” the spokesman said.
Support from Friends, Supporting my Friends Another key are the positive words I get from others and the opportunity to support others. Having a network of people who are working together to make better choices just feels powerful. It isn't so much about accountability or anything. The only person I feel accountable to is myself. But when I know that people find inspiration from my choices and when I know that I've been inspired by someone else's choices and accomplishments... that network feels so strong! Today, I'm asking you to be part of my network. Maybe you're going to start running or want to get back on track or just want to cheer from the sidelines... but let's do it together.
I think I'm beginning to understand what I need to do... now just to do it.
I lived in NY. I dated around, I even lived with the wrong guy before I found my husband.
So he would be comfortable
“Of course, these run-of-river schemes have their benefits. They generate much needed renewable energy to help tackle climate change. They are far less visually-intrusive than vast onshore windfarms. They also help support cash-strapped estates at time of financial uncertainty. But for all the positives, I am still convinced that a few of our wildest places should be kept free of industrial development.
So after the 'Hearing Voices' blogfest last week, I'm getting straight into another one!
The next picture - bluebells and pink bells in the grassy banks of the hedges.
Good question. I can't chose between these 2 so I'll share both. :)
We don't have a real set of silverware for everyday use. We have a fancy set for special occasions but we have a very miss matched thing going on which I love but some of the pieces are getting really damaged and not safe to eat with anymore (I think the dishwasher is doing something weird). SO...I think it's time to upgrade. I'd love a set like this.
In November 2009 the release of thousands of emails between the small band of Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change “scientists” revealed they were a cabal of data fabricators who were by then increasingly alarmed that global warming wasn’t happening despite their best efforts to deceive the entire world. The event was dubbed “Climategate.”
6.) Pick your nose/blow your nose/fart/burp/suck snot through your nose and swallow it/bite your nail and spit it out onto the floor/start picking at your toenails/all of the above.
These are folks who may be highly spiritual but tend to experience spiritual practice as a “collect-’em-all” kind of enterprise. Yoga on Mondays, Kabbalah on Tuesdays, Centering Prayer on Wednesdays, Drum Circle on Thursdays…you get the picture. Related—maybe even overlapping—with the SBNDs, the differentiation here is not necessarily on a level of discipline or follow-through, but a lack of a big-picture framework that makes sense of the individual pieces. Thus, the “spiritual” part affirms that they think spiritual things are good; the “not religious” part affirms that they don’t see a single religious tradition that enables them to hold all the things together that they want to embrace.
Nice bottle cap and label, proclaiming this is Munich style, black lager.
I guess Gizmo pulled at Caleb’s heartstrings, and he’s in love…he LOVES that he can play with Gizmo. It warms my heart to see him interacting with Gizmo and being truly happy. So, he was a GREAT purchase, and I think Gizmo has stolen all of our hearts.
And that's why 10 year olds can't save the world. Kid 10 fails and Zylxxxyx continues with evil plan to read the paper without having to quint.
and I wanted to keep it.
as for the rest of you.... well, I heart your guts.
Of these, Forrest Gump is one of the most fun, because it comes with a VOICE. There's no one who can't do this voice.
you have known me since Time was not yet born
The takeaway is now under new management.
What an amazing place to get away from it all. There were 7 of us staying in the house, and 2 more visiting every day. But we never felt crowded or that we needed more space.
This scheme includes an action plan which includes (within the Health Service Group section of the plan) action HSG 5 which commits us to the target that "Equality Impact Assessments will be undertaken on national agreements and protocols prior to UNISON approval". It also includes action (within the Local Government Service Group section) Ref LG 12 which states that it is our target that "All future regulatory changes proposed to the LGPS (Local Government Pension Scheme) are equality impact-assessed".
“We’ve been through this, Star. It’s not really a gift. I’m kind of a weirdo.”
Hi readers! Happy Mother's Day! I have quite a few stops to make today, in addition to attending morning service, but I wanted to share the card that I am giving to my mom today. To be honest, I'm a little nervous...See, although I've been making cards for quite some time, I have yet to give one of them to her...now, did I hear a gasp out there? I just hope she likes it...So on to the card. It is a center step card, covered with paper from My Mind's Eye Blush Collection. Here's a side view:
I've made a Tag using scraps of paper, ric-rac & buttons - great recycling!!! Moe has been coloured with Copic Markers and of course I added the letters "Baby Face" LOL I don't know that he does have a cute baby face!!!
Please read the rules in the sidebar..
Anyway……… I did not “release any music to myself” for the longest time due to harddrive crash, and video-dealings-with taking precedence over audio-dealings-with (for technical reasons: larger files demand more immediate attention)… So, I am getting into music again and want to release more music to myself soon.
P tells us a grave with 4 very mashed up unidentifiable bodies has been found at Calivigny.
Oh, someone's dead,” Kates dad said.
This blanket is 56 rounds plus a border and weighs 800 grams. Which means it took 8 100 gram balls of yarn in total . At £1.50 a ball that's a bargain £12 for all this granny gorgeousness.
So he sneezed his eyebrow off?
Recommended for short story fans who are interested in seeing early dramatic (and very strong) performances from some of today’s most sought after lead actresses.
Then there is this:Finally, the ultimate proof the movie is awful. The film was released on July 27th, 2001. I had just moved to Virginia beach to attend law school five days before that. I was so busy getting acclimated to a new place I never saw it while it was in theaters. Knowing my attachment to originals, I was skeptical whether I would like it ost critics were savaging it, anyway.
Mommy got to enjoy a breath of fresh air this morning and a moment off the couch. I've been doing really well and decided that I could probably sit at church long enough to hear Jonah sing the mother's day song with the primary kids. It was nice to get out of the house for even 30 minutes and I was elated that I didn't have to miss Jonah's first opportunity to sing with the Primary. He did a decent job singing. The first few lines he was grumbling and upset because he couldn't see his daddy. Once Daddy was in view he sang the rest of the verse perfectly. The second verse Jonah's head sunk below our view as he had discovered there were hymn books on the stand near his knees. Apparently hymn books are far more interesting than singing.
Divorce is hard and people almost always want to blame everyone but themselves….maybe it is time to stop blaming and starting searching deep inside yourself instead.
There’s a reason this film won the Golden Bear at the Berlin Film Festival and was such a critical favorite. But sadly, there’s also a reason that this film didn’t find more acclaim with mainstream audiences. I will avoid the general cynicism that is so often used when discussing American audiences and just say that I think if people viewed this not as a foreign film, not as something “snobbish” or “elitist” or “difficult”, they would enjoy it. So often we find ourselves settling for pure entertainment that we forget what it means to go to the movies. We forget how transcendent, how personal, how moving films like this can be. This film contains an emotional depth that is little seen in American cinema as of late, and it is an emotional depth I think is needed in our lives. Yes, this film may be emotionally challenging, but it is worth every tear.
Since 2001, I've been carrying a sketchbook with me to comic conventions. I presented it to Moebius simply asking for a signature. He smiled and took the book from me and started to draw. He said something like, "I think you'll like this better than my autograph." Not only was I getting one of the most important sketches in my book, it was thrilling to watch him actually draw it.
For any author, whether self-, small press-, or big house-published, getting noticed is one of the primary challenges. Larger publishers provide marketing support for their authors (yes, they really do, despite popular wisdom to the contrary), but with smaller publishers, and if you've self-published, you may be mostly or entirely on your own.
The video below shows the results... but first I would like to offer some thoughts.
I most assuredly never should have brought up my son and said I was sad he no longer holds my hand when we travel in the car together, never lays his little head on my right thigh as we drive along.
Do you think an element of humour is an important consideration when writing horror?
Enjoy the weather where ever you are.
"I was wondering how, exactly, was I different from this mushroom? I ate, I slept, I too grew larger and paler by the day." "Mrs. English Teacher" and "Refugee Love" were the two stories I enjoyed the least from Radio Belly. In many ways, they were also the most normal. In the first, a young woman goes to teach English in a war-torn country, and although "Mrs. English Teacher" is filled with social commentary, the way it is shared often veered on slightly boring for me. "Refugee Love" is an older woman looking back on the 80s and dating and love, and once again, it felt well-written but uninspired, and I never connected with the narrator. Cram has such a vivid imagination, and in these two stories, it doesn't feel like it is reaching its full potential.
It is offensive to me when people tell me "you look like you lost weight", well done. Sorry, if it was fat content, I would be A-O-K about that. Muscle weights more than fat and I know my chest, traps and arms have took the biggest hit on this weight loss. Boo-hoo right! Well this is why my third resolution is to hit the gym.
Sims, according to state corrections records, was released from prison in September on probation. He had been imprisoned for armed robbery and selling cocaine.
Look, there goes my rainbow
That you haven’t given up
* I sang in the privacy of my own home, with no one but a 5 week old baby to judge me, and this was the best I did.
Once it's all been poured into the tray then don't touch it again or it'll collapse.
5) Public schooling is free and of a good standard.
Masumi found her need to find out was more than the need to be scared at what was happening. She held her package tight to her chest and started to walk towards the house. As she stepped closer the house which was simple before started to show unique markings along the wood banisters and columns, each step had what appeared to be Druidic markings but the hand railings carried markings which looked Egyptian.
