the sky is blue - that beautiful light cornflower blue - with huge puffy clouds floating along. even the winds are still so they move slowly....slowly... like my body creaking along on wounded knees.
No, only money. We only value money. And what value has money?
It’s love shaking missions
My father, sister and I all use the same bank. They know us there (which is really not the point). So last Friday when I was driving home, I get a text message from her saying " I need to deposit money in your bank account, what's your account number". I was driving so I ignored it. Then I get another one. "The IRS is going to levy my account, I need to put my money in your account".
The story was a little hard to get into, at first. But the chapters are really quick, and really short. They end on little cliffhangers a lot, and skip from character to character a great deal, which keeps you reading to find out what happens. Things start getting into some interesting twists about 1/5 – 1/4 of the way into the book. It keeps moving along at a good pace, but it doesn’t tire you out. The politics aren’t very dense. It’s more action-oriented. The characters are all very human, and tend to screw up sometimes.
-The venom and negativity of conservatives and Republicans is matched only by the vacuum left from the lack of any positive direction or ideas they have.
My father did not just commit suicide; he executed himself as punishment for his imaginary crimes against my sister and I. Perhaps he is now free of his guilt, but the buck has been passed on to me.
So it’s a great piece, and with a shout out to Free-Range Kids, what’s not to like?
How can children who have been placed at such a disadvantage, grow to enjoy America, as truly a land of equal opportunity?
This LP was a thrift shop find, in excellent condition. The original recording, however, is just okay. "Deal" and "I Like Beer" appear on various Tom T. Hall greatest hits CDs, but the rest of this album is not on CD.
What are we talking about? We’re talking about the Burka (and Niqaab).
As one who has struggled for years with the problem of war and violence in the Old Testament as well as in the world, I read the article with eagerness. I thought that this article might answer some questions I’ve had or help me clarify my positions on these issues. What a disappointment! It seemed to me to be condescending and based on false dilemmas and red herrings, as well as a selective reading of Scripture, I felt it wouldn’t have been worthy of a C as a college paper. So I dashed off a letter to the magazine giving some of my views.
Just a quick post today before I take my lil' girl to gymnastic.
Okay, so mine is Durkee brand. Can I fool myself into thinking it’s NOT 15 years old?
See the paper layin' on the sidewalk
Bheem didn’t hear anything that followed because he had fainted with fear. The next morning he woke up in the tree and slowly climbed down and went back to the palace. The scene he had witnessed had disturbed him so much that he ate less than half the breakfast that Kunti had sent for him. Kunti was worried because Bheem had never returned food on his plate before. She went to him and asked him if he was alright. Bheem was worried and told her what he had seen and heard the night before. Kunti understood the gravity of what Bheem had witnessed and decided that she would do something to save him.
3) Setting (town, city, or other sort of place)
I've not only heard it all before, but I've also lived back in the days when I was in that line of work for Uncle Sam. There is ZERO excuse for this asshat's behavior or attitude.
And then I say to her, “I made it with zucchinis and whole wheat flour.”
Hope you all have a great Easter!
All of a sudden, I’m thrown into a little room full of white noise and a voice demands I tell her where I went to high school, what my favorite cereal is and the name of my first pet. I inevitably wish that I was single, because as the voice demands an answer, I have to decide whether it’s really my favorite cereal the voice is interested in or my husband’s – and how do you spell that crunchy stuff with the things in it and a vanilla coating.
Compassion:
Fast forward to today, March 22nd:
Claimants represented by the BPI - including Dramatico, EMI, Polydor, Rough Trade and Warner - argued that the UK's leading six Internet Service Providers should block the filesharing site. Defendants including BT, TalkTalk, Sky and Virgin Media did not attend the hearing and were not represented.
So the Republicans and Democrats agreed on a deal to extend long-term unemployment insurance benefits — defying predictions of another cliffhanger or worse.
Somewhere I read that the reason Jesus said, “Lazarus, come out,” is because if he had just said, “Come out,” the tombs would have emptied that day. He called Lazarus and Lazarus came out. Isn’t it odd that even the dead can hear the voice of Jesus—often are better than the living: the birds obey; the dead obey; the living….well, we practice. Can you imagine Lazarus shouting back, “No thanks! I’m fine where I’m at.” But who among us would refuse the call to life? Even the dead are smart enough to know that when someone calls you to life you hear, listen, and obey.
The woman - your shadow: when you go to her, she flees from you, and when you go away from her - she runs for you.
In this new season of "empty nest" there have been a few times where I've felt a bit "empty" and other times where I've sensed a new kind of freedom. This past week, I took a personal retreat for a couple of days, not being responsible for anyone but myself. At first I thought I should spend time making things for other people, but after asking God, I felt led to just spend time being with God. We settled in to a comfortable ease and conversation. At times I put on worship music, read Scripture, listened to a few Bill Johnson sermons, and worked on my "Shalom" journal, a visual word study. There weren't any big revelations, but peace grew and He brought people to mind to pray for. By the end of the second day, when I went to bed, I envisioned being nestled in the palm of His hand. His hand became a nest in a tree, warmed by the sun, with leaves gently rustling and sparkling like aspen leaves in the wind; a lullaby of the Spirit. I carry that picture in my mind as a reminder that I am never alone, as He has promised.
The Tennessean’s Jim Myers reviews California Pizza Kitchen (Hill Center, 4031 Hillsboro Pike, 615-460-0192) and profiles chef Kahlil Arnold of Arnold’s Country Kitchen (605 Eighth Ave. S., 615-256-4455). … The Tennessean and The Rage’s Dana Kopp Franklin reports on the opening of Rumours East (1112 Woodland St., 615-262-5346, www.rumourswinebar.com). tennessean.com … The Nashville Scene’s Jack Silverman reviews Savarino’s Cucina (2121 Belcourt Ave., 615-460-9878), while Brent Rolen blogs about lunch at downtown’s Pacifica. nashvillescene.com …
The weather has been crazy lately. Must be those solar flares? The temperatures are fluctuating daily between 20s-30s and 50s. Today and this weekend will be cold, but next week is looking verrrrrry nice :) I cannot wait to wear springy outfits next week (and beyond)!
I found this poem on the Internet. How great is this idea!
Malcolm Hooper Ph.D.,B.Pharm.,C.Chem.,MRIC
1 ignoring
If you really want a taste of what the Decemberists are like live or in general, check this album out. If you like true honest music, you will love this live album as well as this band.
We strive to make superior beers, and extend a sincere apology to those who were disappointed. We promise to learn from this experience, and to redouble our efforts to ensure that every Boulevard beer is worthy of our discerning customers. If you have any additional questions, please don’t hesitate to contact us. Thank you for your support.
webmaster@supermegapack.net
“Alright where is he?”
This is Got A Secret from Essence's Colour & Go line. It's a very soft and pretty dove grey creme. The formula is excellent and fully opaque in 2 coats!
1 evaluated
Daydreaming about murdering Speer “would make him feel good.” He “felt happy” when he learned that Speer had died.
This little creation has taken me all week, doing just a little each night. As some of you know, my daughter is pregnant. Well, she commented last week that next year will be her first Mother's Day, so I decided to make her a little surprise gift for this year. I've created a few pockets here and there, so she has a special place to keep her scan photographs etc safe. I've tried to theme it around her becoming a mother and having her own family. Grab a coffee because there are a few photos!
May 15 - Brgy. Maibu
Synopsis: Yamato Akitsuki has recently moved to Tokyo, and in order to maintain his less than wealthy lifestyle, he currently works at his aunt’s bathhouse. While walking by the school one evening he sees a girl by the name of Suzuka practicing the high jump, and is instantly in love. Even better is the realization that Suzuka lives next door! Determined to prove himself worthy of her affections, Yamato decides to join the school’s track team and show her what he’s got, but things won’t be so easy; for Suzuka has a love interest of her own, and it isn’t Yamato . .
I. Want. My. Country. BACK!
With the draft just two weeks away, I’ve been pondering on what the Packers might do with their fist pick, well all of their picks to be honest. Will they go defense, or defense, maybe even defense? Probably for their first pick. With that said, the Packers are notorious for drafting with the Best Player Available technique or BPA. That basically means they and their scouts evaluate each player, regardless of position, and rank them. They then wait for their pick and who ever is left at the top of their list, they draft him. It has worked wonders the last 20 years and there is no reason to not keep it going. Or is there? The answer is 32nd. The worst defense in the NFL. Many would argue, including myself, that those stats were misleading because they were up by so many points most games and went into a prevent style defense. Regardless, they couldn’t stop the Giants when they needed it the most in the playoffs.
Heat a skillet with medium-high heat and add the oil. Sauté the tofu or tempeh in the skillet for about 4 minutes. Flip the slices and cook until both sides are browned.
May 8, 2012 3:24 PM – You know what.
I am the stone in the river bed awash.
I shudder.
Today we honor and celebrate a woman who explored the intersections of oppression through the lens of feminism and the civil rights movement, Frances M. Beal. She was born in Binghamton, N.Y January 13, 1940 to a Jewish mother and an African-American father.The simultaneous family struggles against both racism and anti-Semitism informed her early social conscience. As a result, Beal spent her life as an activist, mostly by organizing, writing and speaking about the issue of rights for Black women and racial justice as a whole.
Live each day as if it were the last day of your life, because so far, it is-
* 1 pound ground turkey thigh (breast also works)
Is it right of IBI to launch a fundraising campaign for €1 million in such a context? Is it asking too much of already hard-pressed supporters? Is it putting too much pressure on finite resources? Or another way of putting this – what are some criteria that need to be fulfilled before going asking for a lot of money from other people?
Since using the Tefal, I realise just how crappy our old iron was and how inadequate it was for our requirements. It is amazing what you put up with when you don't know what's out there to make life easier.
It is also a fundamentally patronising and élitist idea, implying that it is fine for the well-heeled to continue swigging single malts, claret and craft ales, but that the irresponsible proles are not to be trusted with an abundance of Carling, Glen’s Vodka and Lambrini. As the famous Victorian liberal philosopher John Stuart Mill said, “Every increase of cost is a prohibition to those whose means do not come up to the augmented price.”
I will be with you.
It seems obvious that if you are a new, older author, if you want to see your book in print, you must do it yourself. How many rejection slips can you stand, especially if it takes 6-12 months for a reply? The system is a monopoly geared to youth and repeat authors of best sellers. I gave up!!Thanks for posting your experiences. I would agree that Infinity are know to be a strong and reputable POD publisher. The are also unusual in that as you point out they do the printing in-house.
"The bacon does not have the drip. Unlike Dega."
Notification of abstract acceptance is due by 6th May 2011. Thank you to those of you who have already submitted abstracts.
It is significant that Britten's conversations with his dream therapist, Dr. Evans, do not involve the Gemini Killer case, or indeed anything in the Green World. Instead, they talk about events in the real world: Hannah's desire to move to Portland, and Britten's willingness to accommodate her. Britten's subconscious knows that the events in the Green World aren't real, and don't ultimately matter (except to the extent that they allow Britten to deny the reality of his son's death). What matters is his marriage to Hannah in the real world.
This flow of cash is of even greater general importance for while we all get a “go” of it, if only for a brief period, its passage drives enterprise and confidence and the willingness to invest, thereby creating more cash, more deposits and so on.
The athletes could actually help to open up new advertising revenue streams for the sport by serving as ambassadors as they seek out individual sponsorships. If the sport were smart it would use these as a means to get “a foot in the door”, and perhaps piggy back to obtain larger scale financing opportunities for the sport as a whole!
Today you will see my Zoya stash. I don't own many, but I love each one of these polishes.
Me: Are you sure? You can have anything you want for a birthday breakfast.
LEIGHTON BAINES (Everton): Ashley Cole and Patrice Evra have failed to live up to the excellent standards they have set over the years, hence BAINES deserves his place in the team. He’s an Evertonian true and true and his contributions over the season could help his team finish above their Merseyside City rivals. His quality in dead-ball situations have come handy for Everton and his assists have been immense. Consider the fact that he’s the highest scoring full-back in the Premier League this season and there shouldn’t be many arguments about this choice.
Mathew 19:22
The weird name, by the way, was a conflation of the first name and last name of the two owners: Timmy Hodgens and Bobby Booras. Guess we could have been stuck with Hodbob's Bar all these years.
–your alts are all centralized to your account. Once you join a guild, your alts don’t have to re-join, and people know you by you account name and don’t have to remember all your alt names.
On Saturday I was supposed to run 10 miles with my group in Vancouver but I was out late the night before (OK, maybe 11pm or so, but that’s late for me!) and my cold was creeping in on me. When I woke up for my 8am run I couldn’t imagine driving to Vancouver, so I slept in. Eventually I did get out for a run, around 3:30 in the afternoon, but I ran 9.64 miles and not 10. That’s what happens when I plan my own route and run by myself. A few other things happen when I plan my own route, such as:
Welcome Mat: The PB mat is nice because it’s says ‘Welcome’ in big, bold letters. We have a welcome mat, so that’s done:)
I’ve been declaring I’m officially old. My tastes and tolerance for certain things have been gradually changing, and this was starting to happen in my latter 20s.
3) My little wingnut, arriving in May
I also watched 1 episode of Grey’s Anatomy, as well as yesterday’s Would I Lie to You?, Not Going Out and Thursday’s Celebrity Juice :) Not Going Out was especially funny, the best of the series I would say :) Then tonight we watched Keith Lemon’s Lemonaid and Britain’s Got Talent :) That is it for my day really, I just had a nice relaxed day at home doing nothing :) I was on Pottermore for a VERY long time ;) Well, I’m gunna skedaddle now, cos I need to get some sleep. I’ve gotta make sure I do some homework tomorrow, or I am screwed ;)
A few awesome tidbits during the baracading of myself in my home for those 3 days:
And she sings a funny song.
3) Keep camera in the same place
Angelina Jolie and Brad Pitt's engagement was announced last week!!!
Yellow polka dot paper tape from Target
This is for our crazy Licker, Puppy...
Time: 10:00am - 6:00pm
We have two dates to choose from - Saturday, 2nd June or 9th June. As everyone loves Bo Bunny sooooo much - these classes are going to fill up really quickly!!! Book your spot asap!!!
After all of the pageantry and emotion of Holy Week, with its daily services, palm frond waving, darkness, candles, cross veneration, late night holy vigils, foot washing, Psalm chanting, weeping, and rejoicing, it’s understandable that the average Christian is exhausted by the end of it. Most of the clergy I know drop off the grid on Easter Monday, some of them probably thinking about how their parents wanted them to become bankers or engineers.
The new and (hopefully) improved version:
What magazine article, essay, or short story have you chosen for your digital publication?
All of a sudden, everything I watch on TV is hick-related—in one way, shape or form.
If you are not familiar with Diane's work, she makes these AMAZING clay flowers - bouquets, boutonnieres, centerpieces... as well as invitations. You can check out her website here.
Just finished a novel. It’s a psychological thriller along the lines of The Silence of the Lambs except a lot scarier. Probably the most scary book I’ve ever read. I found myself both strongly desiring to put it down and continue reading at the same time. The writer is to be commended for causing such a cognitive dissonance.
* making a t-shirt using the obsession collage from an earlier post to wear underneath the dress in lieu of a corset
Real Estate Commission to officially change the names of a number of
Submit a caption for The New Yorker cartoon featured below by MIDNIGHT TOMORROW NIGHT.
From Here to Eternity
there are so many pictures to choose for my one picture-of-the-day.
Finally, there are like 3 work-related happy hours that I've been invited to within the space of a week. THREE!! It's been eons since I've socialized with my work peeps in a non-work setting, and it feels like people are starting to be happy and have fun around here again after a rough and lengthy ride.
My daughter wanders into the room and comes towards me. “What are you doing daddy?” she asks.
This weekend we, my husband!, began the enormous task of painting the front of the house.
Lately I have been waking up every morning to a stiff, aching back, neck, & shoulders. I know it's from all the physical demands of Autumn & her equipment. I got curious so I decided to weigh it all.
have three more pieces to finish and still
I googled Santa Fe, New Mexico ( where I now live) for things related to Hare Krishna and got a wide assortment of choices to investigate. I wasn't surprised at all to see that in 1968 Santa Fe had one of the first ISKCON temples opened in the U.S.A. on Water Street, not far from the historic downtown plaza. New Mexico has been home to many religious denominations, hippie communes, art communes, writer groups and just about every alternative life style choice that North America has to offer. Currently the Vedic Cultural Center is one of the few Hindu related organizations active in nearby Pecos, NM and is led by Hamsavatar Das (Howard Beckman), and his wife. He was a disciple of Prabhupad in the 1970's/80's and has commented through the years on all of the changes ISKCON has gone through, and is also an esteemed Vedic astrology and gem specialist. His website led me back to google where I found another Krishna devotee named Hrisikesh (Richard Shaw Brown)who also currently specializes in gems, but has an interesting footnote in his personal biography. Richard Shaw Brown was the lead singer in a legendary California psychedelic rock band from 1966 named The Misunderstood.
*I'm loving that I got a good nights sleep last night. Melatonin does this girl good.
Fourteen of our leader wives in our church's marriage ministry came over and we made Dahlia pins like this--you can see a picture of my first Dahlia pin I ever made, which I love other than the bright polyester felt I used. I have made several of these and been happy, but my pin from last night was not my favorite. I had nice, cream wool felt, but I made mine too high, rigid and stacked. I am going to try to improvise a little bit next time. Have you made these before, and do you have a trick?
Here's what I did:
They're great. They're huge--Vincent at six weeks of age, if he's still growing like he was a few days ago now weighs 13 pounds. That's the same weight an "average" Borzoi pup weighs at 8. Apparently we're growing monsters here. Or moose. Moosi. Mooses. Moice. Whatever.
9. When you die, how do you want to be remembered?
I noticed in this morning’s news a small piece that said British authorities are going to re-open the case of ex- Rolling Stone guitarist Brian Jones death in 1969. We've read articles before claiming that there was more to that story than was reported, so it wasn't shocking. An hour later I was about to go on the elliptical workout machine and chose the cd Starless and Bible Black by King Crimson to be the soundtrack for this mornings exercise (penance). Through the years I've gone back and occasionally trying to figure Crimson out, but I never have gotten very far. I realized this morning that other than their first record, I just don't like 'em. Very little melody in their "songs", mostly dark, knotty passages to showcase their technical wanking. I remembered while listening to the cd that King Crimson made their breakthrough in July of '69 opening for The Rolling Stones in Hyde Park London in front of 500,000 people. That gig for The Stones was their first with new guitarist Mick Taylor replacing Brian Jones (who had either been pushed from the band, or stumbled out on his own). After Starless and Bible Black came out it wasn't very long before leader Robert Fripp disbanded Crimson in 1974. He was totally burnt out from the last five plus years of touring, and the pressures of leading the group. He wound up joining an esoteric school in the U.K. founded by John Bennett, who had been one of famed mystic, philosopher(charlatan ?) George Gurdjieff's advanced students in the 1920's. Bennett had kept searching for knowledge since Gurdjieff's death in 1949, and set up his own "school" incorporating a lot of his old teachers ideas and methods. I was done the work out and went back upstairs, on the counter was the current book I've been reading - The Struggle of the Magicians/ Why Ouspensky left Gurdjieff. The author in his preface claimed he could have called it - Why Oupensky, Orage and Bennett left Gurdjieff, but it was too unwieldy of a title. I stopped at that point and wondered if this was all just a coincidence, a silly version of the Kevin Bacon game, or was there a synergy of thought to this morning that when "busy" - I might never have noticed. The only other possibility that comes to mind is that I did have a magical piece of cake this morning from The Chocolate Maven in Santa Fe. I'll let you know if there is any more high weirdness later today.
And ghostly echoes on paper,
4. Normalization – could last indefinitely. Is a cynical expression from Soviet times. This is what will happen in the US if you allow all these ‘schmucks’ to run the country, essentially at some point to put in a Big Brother government in place with friendly face like Walter Mondale.
“But what if she was taken to a government facility that is closed to the public?”
The first thing that really stood out to me about Gwen was that she sounded younger than some one who is, as she puts it, sixteen-and-a-half years old. While this did bother me some at first, it didn't take long for me to get used to it and I started noticing some of her other qualities. For example, she has a great personality with an appealing sense of humor and wit. Her feelings were relatable and Gwen became a character that I had grown to form a solid connection with. Then we have Lesley, Gwen's ever loyal, understanding, and humorous best friend. She was so supportive of Gwen and never failed to believe her, two traits that made me love her. Then we have Gwen's cousin, Charlotte, and while I did feel sorry for her, I did not like her attitude. Surprisingly enough though, this did work well for her character. Then Glenda, Gwen's aunt and Charlotte's mom, was a real piece of work but she definitely added to the story. As for Grace, Gwen's mom, I too questioned her the same way The Order did. However, I'm leaning more towards trusting her versus the others. The last character I want to discuss specifically is Gideon. Like Gwen, I initially found him to be a bit of an arrogant jerk, though even then he was still funny. As the book progressed, I got to see more of his personality, charm, and slightly sweeter side reveal itself. There were quite a few other supporting and minor characters that all contributed but to try and name them all would take a while.
Yeah, we lost. Sadly, we deserved it.
Ric’s Rating: Dodgy
Is Washington at all alarmed?
Turn up the music cause the sun just came up
In another pan pour 2 tbsp of oil and put finely chopped ginger and garlic and fry for 30 sec. Now add the chopped onion and fry for 2 mins, then add chopped capsicum and fry till they are half cooked. Put the soya chunks and chopped tomato along with capsicum and fry for a min. Pour soy sauce, hot sauce, tomato ketchup and fry for 5 mins in medium flame till cooked. Tasty soya chunks manchurian is ready to be served as a side dish.
The Robber (Heisenberg)
There was more we wanted to say. We wanted to reference Adrienne Rich, who had died the day before. 'Diving into the wreck' is the poem of hers I know the best. And being by the sea, it seemed appropriate. We also wanted to reference a phrase from Bernadette Hall: 'I weep white berries'. It's the from the first of her 'Tomahawk Sonnets', which she had read the day before. Both Emma and I had been struck by that line. I just did a google search, and see that it's (most likely) a reference to Freya, who cried white berries which brought Balder back to life in Norse mythology. For us, it was salt water, sea water, white bubbles of sea water as air leaves your lungs under water.
wannabes in the market and I want you to collect the original with confidence and comfort."
I made a huge mistake this year by picking up the marble egg kit for David, the kit required cooking oil to be added in the water and that my friends made our kitchen table a lubed up mess.
The cover of this book depicted boys and boyish play,
½ cup freshly grated Parmigiano-Reggiano cheese (I grate this by hand using the original Microplane grater)
- Gimme a gin & tonic, - I went, tone of a stick up artist demanding just paper money.
SHARBAUGH RJ. Influenza – It’s that time again. Home Care Provider 1997; 2: 227-228.
-Nico tells Grifter that the Daemonites were planning a full-scale invasion of Earth, thus explaining the presence of the super Daemonites.
08/30/2010 SELL 0.01 audnzd 1.2672 10/15/2010 -36.17
For the most discerning, the ultimate Beef with cheese and egg as well as Chicken with cheese and egg.
I thought maybe he was deaf and the MP3 player was a hearing aid – or maybe he was mentally retarded. Or maybe he was an act; even though I knew he wasn’t.
Modnation Racers: Road Trip
I’m sending this to a rather special person – it’s one of those “just because” cards again…. smiles.. I just like to brighten someone’s day sometimes.. smiles…
This could happen in storm, natural disaster, or economic depression. I feel that we are blessed with time to prepare, and advanced technology. There are many options available today, that were not available during the great depression. If you still have a home your options will be different than if you don’t have a home.
Easily, anyone can join us by visiting our website where they can fill a form, under a string “Join our network” and we will guide you further. Please use our web address www.empowerpeopleonline.org
Offer an explanation for his captivation.
We now have literally hundreds of eye-witness accounts, biographies and personal testimonies of what life was like when every attempt was made to police an individual’s thoughts and behaviour under a communist system. The Lie is everywhere, and, as Solzhenitsyn’s eleventh commandment states: ‘Man shall not live by the Lie’. And indeed man cannot live by the Lie, as a survivor of Soviet totalitarianism, Jules Margoline, notes in a telling example:
– But when they do, it’s time to think of school. With school comes a myriad of plans and goals.
so he knows that it's a no-no
Broadsheet A newspaper that unfolds, like The New York Times
But one on one, he was just a good guy with whom I’ve broke bread, he’s eaten my curry and bar-b-q chicken and we’ve turned up a cold one or three. He was that way to everyone and if you search his name across the blogosphere, there are hundreds of people who are saying the same thing. Lex was a giant among us and a true warrior poet.
As reported in the Grand Rapids Press, conductors of these sessions were the Center for Ecumenism Racial Justice Institute, the Woodrick Diversity Training Center, and the Grace Racial Justice Institute. That so many organizations were involved demonstrates the lucrative industry that has been spawned around this profitable sham.
For Teachers
Laugh and cry at the Guardian's report of the test for publishers and agents set by David Lassman, director of the Jane Austen Festival. He typed out Jane's books, changing only the names, and submitted them as new manuscripts and all he received back were polite rejections.
Series beginning tonight
Take for instance Kelantan, Kedah and Selangor. Have these states ever shown any disrespect for the Malay rulers after Pakatan took over the states from BN in 2008? Evidently there is a cordial relationship between the people, government and the Malay rulers in these states. Even in Penang the deference is always there for the Governor. States under Pakatan have survived 4 years of governance without any animosity with the Malay rulers.
What about speed? They are comparable. I plugged both into USB 3.0 ports and transferred the same 1.71 GB file into each. 27 seconds for My Book. 26 seconds for My Passport.
The cast includes:
One hairpin turn later, Monday night left me wracked with panic over non-existent lesson plans for Tuesday. Combine that with heartache over my husband's and my late night, wedding-going induced installment # 2734 of our disagreement about when to have children (can you guess who thinks: Now!) and you have a dark road covered with tangled branches.
“I do play the saxophone, but some people all ready know that.”
Ps. In order to clarify my use of ‘Islamism’ in my last post, then my sole focus was to say that Islamism is Islamism, not that Muslims are Islamist, that there are no political thought in Islam, or something else. There most certainly is a political thought in Islam, as there is in Judaism and Christianity as well. But as said, my focus was to react against the calling all kinds of ‘isms by the name of other ‘isms.
Keith scrambled to his feet, intent on repaying the blow that had just been given. The two men circled around each other, hands balled into fists. As they both lunged for each other, Kira cried out, “Oh would you stop?? Idiot men…” Both men paused to stare at her, and she bodily dragged Ryan away. “Just give me a minute,” she offered to them both.
Yes, now we have another thought to chew on, or rather, to crochet with:
The secretive private spaceflight firm, which was established in 2000 by Amazon.com founder Jeff Bezos, is developing systems to launch astronauts to both suborbital and orbital space. Blue Origin. Blue.
Whoa! It’s been too long, far too long. I’m embarrassed. The funny part…I’ve been working on this post for 2 weeks, literally 2 weeks. I starting writing a different only to conclude I had too much to say, and it didn’t know quite where to start. Plus, it was a tad bit too serious and I wanted to save it for another day. So, I guess I could start with explaining my blog name—Vicky D’s Delights.
Beyond that, the project is likely well behind the stated timetable. Demolition of buildings in the Phase 1 arena footprint was to be completed by 7/2/07; several of those buildings almost certainly will remain enmeshed in litigation beyond that date.
Using a stand mixer, beat the butter with the paddle attachment on medium speed until it is creamy. Turn the mixer to low and add the rosemary, Parmesan, salt and pepper until just incorporated.
Despite my ongoing natural tendency of eating a balanced diet, it’s only been in the past several months that I’ve begun eating with a new mindset. More than ever, I’ve been interested in feeding my body foods that will give it healthy nutrition. Not necessarily the lowest calorie food, but the food that makes my body the happiest. Foods that come in Mother Nature’s packaging, that are natural and fresh (added bonus points for being organic and local).
I need to put
As I stare at this road
I don't know if it's by choice.
now I was going to wait on some Washi tape that I order mainly for his page but I just wanted to do something... It still has bits to be added but till they arrive I can't add them! Lets hope snail mail bring them this week!
It is simply too good for words! These cookies are soft and chewy, hold their shape, have the perfect amount of peanut butter in them to guard from overwhelming your taste buds and requiring an emergency glass of milk to wash it down with, but doesn’t leave you wanting more of that peanut butter taste either. It’s not too sweet to eat alone and it’s not too sweet when you fill a well in the center with salted peanut caramel and drizzle the top with dark chocolate, finishing with just a slight sprinkle of sea salt. These are amazing. This is the last recipe you will ever have to try to get the perfect peanut butter cookie recipe!
Price: $$
2. Stir fry minced spices until fragrant, add peanut insert, stir even.
Curry( minced meat, tomato, coconut milk, spices)
But you, you frisky innocent -
The truth will out.
After collecting a very-ticked-off Bob, I tumbled into bed. Like Scarlett O'Hara, I'd worry about the rest in the morning.
Have I ever mentioned that I am a first class procrastinator?? I know I have and I have also mentioned how my poor JP who is number 6 child always gets his birthday party a pretty long time after his actual birthday. His birthday always falls during lent (and we don't party during lent since I don't like having parties on Sundays, too stressful). Easter always comes around and before I know it, it's summer and my baby boy (who never complains) finally crosses my mind and then its scramble time to have his party before boy number 7 has to have his.
The flower is two of the Spellbinders Sunflower 2 die cuts stacked (one is from the card I made last Monday). I rotated them slightly and then pulled the petals from the bottom layer up between the petals on the top layer. You can’t see it very well, but I made the background paper with Smooch Inks using the marbling technique.
The Art Bar Poetry Series, Canada’s longest-running poetry-only series, presents its 12th Annual Art Bar Discovery Night, hosted by Nancy Bullis. On Discovery Night, up to 20 poets present their own work and are judged by audience ballots. Open to anyone who has never featured at the Art Bar Poetry Series. The show is free with donations gratefully accepted. Check out artbar.org for more details.
So…let’s get to the crux of the matter. I imagine there are lots of Christians in the NBA. And I’m sure that some have tattoos of loved ones, sentimental points, important milestones…and maybe even Jesus.
The first being that it actually read like a real life application of the “moral” code that destroyed the Twentieth Century Motor Company in Atlas Shrugged. You can sort of distance yourself from that story when you read it in Ayn Rand’s book, because it’s fictional. When you find someone talking about doing something similar in real life; advocating those same principles and actually believing they will work, it is much harder to distance yourself.
I leap from sleep to start my day,
Cravings is a collection of card-size devotionals based on the Psalms. They are written to help mothers develop their relationship with God in the midst of motherhood.
The news reports today that the payroll employment rate rose 115,000 in April, and the unemployment rate has changed little at 8.1%. That sounds good, but it isn’t true, or at least it does not represent reality, because of the way that the Bureau of Labor Statistics reports statistics.
Notice the sign on the right? I almost forgot the sign after placing everything and ready to take photos when I just remembered the sign! At this point I remember Anis (my second daughter) made some lollipop flowers for me from DMC skeins last month. I didn't think twice and wrote down 'welcome' on a tiny piece of cardstock. Her sister 'Alyaa offered to glue it down for me. Awesome!
Three-day-matured roadkill stray dog. Maggoty good.
The guys snicker, watching the display.
This crap is dangerous. And there are a lot of people who are still stuck in this nonsense today.
Each time you give all your love and the Universe returns even more; you are filled with courage.
compete, i.e., a hug, a word of praise to show
For your business card to lend a credible professional image to your business, it needs to be printed on heavy enough paper stock. Cards printed on flimsy paper tend to look less professional, get damaged easily, and beg the question of the seriousness of your marketing attempts to draw qualified prospects.
YES! Our amazing story has made it to one of America’s best selling magazines and I am particularly happy with the end result. It even brought a tear to my eye….ok, I can can be honest with you all, it made me weep. It was embarrassing.
touching you
I use the whole wheat baking mix available at our local grocery store, H.E.B, but if your store carries something like this, it'll be near the Bisquick.
Your body inside me,
Jess has been doing quite a lot of the cooking recently.
The problem of confidence:
Preservation:
I have now made that my nemeses, versus the teachers. Hahaha
The check was written to Quill, a company. An individual might have a hard time to deposit it, unless his/her last name was Quill.
It is Super Bowl week, a time that means so many different things to so many different people. If your team isn’t participating, then you are left to your own devices as to how you relate to the game. A social event? Holding a grudge against a participating player or team? My team is not in Indy, and there is little in the way of personal interest in any of the particulars (my fanship of Eli Manning notwithstanding).
in the noisy confusion of life,
where the air was thick and languid
In what way will you choose to be purposeful today?
MH: Does that mean we'll have some new Anders authored work to look forward to? So far all I've found is your story And How His Audit Stands in the The Clockwork Jungle Book, which was a hoot and a half. Any chance you're trying to do more with it?
My writing has collapsed into a litter of consonants and vowels that drift across the carpet to clutter in the corners ( how I love alliteration). My novel remains buried somewhere in the recesses of my computer awaiting the final polish from my magic duster. An idea for a series of inter-related short stories remains eleven pages of an idea for a series of inter-related short stories.
Your flock has roamed far from the hills
Home should be a refuge, to suggest that a parent make staying home worse than going to school is tragic. Home should be the safe place, the soft spot in a hard world, the place where a child knows they are safe, loved, cherished, listened to and respected. If you choose to make staying home worse than going to school there is a good chance you will not be seeing much of your children once they are old enough to choose where they spend their time. Not all children in our world have the luxury of a home that is a refuge. For some children school is their only safe place and for these children my heart aches.
Row 2: Blood Orange Upside Down Cake made by yours truly/The remains of our first grill out (pork chops, kale salad and sauteed Jerusalem artichokes)/Mimosas after church on Easter
There is a lot of confusion about how many excess cancer deaths will likely result from the 1986 Chernobyl accident in Ukraine. As we see below, 70,000 and 35,000 are reasonable estimates of the number of excess cancers and cancer deaths attributable to the accident.
AND SO YOU DON'T HAVE TO LEAVE THIS POST IN ORDER TO GO LOOK UP THE WORDS, I POSTED THE MEANINGS BELOW:
So who is “The Nation”? Is that the Majority of the people? No “The Nation” refers to the communist elite. And their commitment to land reform is clear.
Sometimes the image is quite ready already after magic wand, but to make sure you should add a new layer behind the image, first black and then white to get rid of the all remaining background around the image. Erase all disturbing stuff around the image. (See the previous tutorial).
Alarm bells went off.
Obama: ...And who is it?
Taken a mile from camp, just after sunset. It was still in the high
Our Finalization is November 22nd... We are so excited and can't believe it's almost over with... Me and Chad change our last names at the same time so we all match Hudson.. SO Mansfield-Jarrett is our new last name... I think it has a good ring to it, what do yall think??
course). We said our good-byes and trudged back to the compound where we
The day before Jorrie left Taiwan, he received his “samples” shipped from North Korea through China. Plenty enough material to replicate for PMP and Somchem. He handed this off to an operative for vacuum packaging and transport on the plane. He went back to the hotel, showered and threw out his day clothes. He wouldn’t want the “sniffers” to pick up a problem in the airport. He might not be able to fix that ‘little’ situation.
In a corner of the mind
(you can click on any of the pics to get a closer look; the pics were taken in daylight). And, thanks, all!
I got the original idea from one of the classes at Sarah's Cards Retreat last November, but you can find it online. The background is screwed up tissue paper opened out and stuck down to a backing cardstock. You dry it and then smear it with ink. Wow the girls in the class really made some gorgeous LOs! It's great to get back to the classes!
3) the only statement they are willing to make is “I am only a little better than my competitor, but I can’t tell you why.”
Almost 13 years ago I had just had my #2 baby boy and I was nursing exclusively. I had a over production of milk, a major over production of milk. Not only did I nurse my baby boy 24/7 I also pumped over 60 ounces of milk at day!!! Yes, I felt like a dairy cow!!
Finding the source of the plague isn’t Celia’s only concern. Her alcoholic mother has broken out of prison on the Sirens’ island; her little sister’s ghost has possessed a young girl; and one of Celia’s boyfriends, a powerful mage, has disappeared.
2 repetition
Mark Davies: Another talented midfielder at the club who is just hitting his prime, with serious game time Davies could be one of the best in the league.
The investigation found that supply chain management department staff were often coerced by senior managers into making orders that were against policy.
I forgot the brochure.
The districts include: District of Alaska; Southern District of Alabama; District of Arizona; Central District of California; Eastern District of California; Northern District of California; Southern District of California; District of Colorado; District of Connecticut; Southern District of Florida; District of Idaho; Northern District of Iowa; District of Kansas; Western District of Louisiana; District of Maine; District of Massachusetts; Eastern District of Michigan; Western District of Michigan; District of Minnesota; Southern District of Mississippi; District of Montana; District of Nebraska; District of Nevada; District of New Mexico; Eastern District of New York (anticipating federal recognition of the Shinnecock Nation); Northern District of New York; Western District of New York; Western District of North Carolina; District of North Dakota; Eastern District of Oklahoma; Northern District of Oklahoma; Western District of Oklahoma; District of Oregon; District of Rhode Island; District of South Carolina; District of South Dakota; Eastern District of Texas; Western District of Texas; District of Utah; Eastern District of Washington; Western District of Washington; Eastern District of Wisconsin; Western District of Wisconsin; and the District of Wyoming.
“Autumn Leaves” began life as “Les Feuilles Mortes” (“The Dead Leaves”), a song by French composer Joseph Kosma and poet and lyricist Jacques Prevert which featured in the 1946 film “Les Portes De La Nuit”.
3) Beltway teams O’s and Nats go for sweeps tonight against the Blue Jays and Padres
We've noticed several things since starting the weekly allowance. First, Little One is excited to put her two dimes, along with our Sunday envelope, into the collection basket at church. Second, she doesn't question the idea of putting aside some money for long term savings. And finally, we've been able to significantly cut down on the "gimmies " (from a Berenstain Bears book). All it takes to get Little One to stop asking for a toy is to tell her that she can use her money if she wants.
Your sweet breath
~ And my all time favorite: FuzziBunz
Francisco missed the significance of the first two words; he smiled and said eagerly, “You do see that it’s the same issue? No, you’d never accept any part of their vicious creed. You wouldn’t be able to force it upon yourself. If you tried to damn sex as evil, you’d still find yourself, against your will, acting on the proper moral premise. You’d be attracted to the highest woman you met. You’d always want a heroine. You’d be incapable of self-contempt. You’d be unable to believe that existence is evil and that you’re a helpless creature caught in an impossible universe. You’re the man who’s spent his life shaping matter to the purpose of his mind. You’re the man who would know that just as an idea unexpressed in physical action is contemptible hypocrisy, so is platonic love–and just as physical action unguided by an idea is a fool’s self-fraud, so is sex when cut off from one’s code of values. Its’ the same issue, and you would know it. Your inviolate sense of self-esteem would know it. You would be incapable of desire for a woman you despised. Only the man who extols the purity of a love devoid of desire, is capable of the depravity of a desire devoid of love. But observe that most people are creatures cut in half who keep swinging desperately to one side or to the other. One kind of half is the man who despises money, factories, skyscrapers and his own body. He holds undefined emotions about non-conceivable subjects as the meaning of life and his claim of virtue. And he cries with despair, because he can feel nothing for the woman he respects, but finds himself in bondage to an irresistible passion for a slut from the gutter. He is the man whom people call an idealist. The other kind of half is the man whom people call practical, the man who despises principles, abstractions, art, philosophy and his own mind. He regards the acquisition of material objects as the only goal of existence– and he laughs at the need to consider their purpose or their source. He expects them to give him pleasure– and he wonders why the more he gets, the less he feels. He is the man who spends his time chasing women. Observe the triple fraud which he perpetrates upon himself. He will not acknowledge his need of self-esteem, since he scoffs at such a concept as moral values; yet he feels the profound self-contempt which comes from believing that he is a piece of meat. He will not acknowledge, but he knows that sex is the physical expression of a tribute to personal values. So he tries, by going through the motions of the effect, to acquire that which should have been the cause. He tries to gain a sense of his own value from the women who surrender to him– and he forgets that the women he picks have neither character nor judgment nor standard of value. he tells himself that all he’s after is physical pleasure– but observe that he tires of his woman in a week or a night, that he despises professional whores and that he loves to imagine he is seducing virtuous girls who make a great exception for his sake. It is the feeling of achievement that he seeks and never finds. What glory can there be in the conquest of a mindless body? Now that is your woman chaser. Does the description fit me?
Suzy Jenvey is a senior agent at Peters Fraser and Dunlop working in the Books Division. She represents children’s authors and illustrators for all age groups from picture books to teenage. Before joining Peters Fraser and Dunlop Suzy worked in publishing in various roles including Publicity Director for Macdonald Books, Marketing Director at Chatto and Windus, and Children’s Publisher at Faber and Faber.
2/3 cup packed light brown sugar, sifted unless free of grit and/or lumps
Cost - $30
The boys are still not 100% well but they seem more inclined to sit and work so it's working in my favour. :) Much better than one bouncing on the trampoline stuffing his face along with it and the other haring up and down the garden on his scooter all while I try and explain things to them.
De bénir Charles et la douce France
I hate planks.
Did you ever think that choosing a case of beer was so involved?
Old rowboats have another dimension to me – I think of them spiritually. Their very nature is quiet – they are often used by fishermen as Jesus and his disciples used them. That’s just one reminder of the spiritual connection. I also see an old rowboat, canoe or sailboat as a symbol for God – he will be with you and keep you afloat; however, one needs to take to the oars or set the sail if one is going to go anywhere.
The second card I designed is for Case Study, CSC85, which is featuring a card by Laurie Schmidlin as the inspirational piece. The antique typewriter in the card is what made me think of the steampunk book. I was also inspired to create my own corsage/boutonniere to feature in my card. I'm also entering this card in the Stampendous challenge, which is asking you to "Recycle, Re-purpose, Reuse" in celebration of Earth Day. I made the background for another card a couple of years ago, but didn't like it, so I saved it in my scrap pile. I stained and distressed it yesterday to use for this card. I also used vintage buttons that my wife's grandmother used to safe from old clothes.
4. I love antiques. I don't buy vintage clothing or anything like that, but I love antique furniture and jewelry. I have a lot of my grandmother's jewelry from the 50s onward, and they are my most memorable possessions. I also have a lot of vintage glassware in my apartment. I am dying to go antiquing this summer!
Like food, vitamins are needed to supplement a dog’s health. The type of vitamins a dog requires changes with circumstances and age. Be sure to ask your vet which type is appropriate for your dog. By supplementing properly, an owner can avoid medical problems down the line such as arthritis and infections.
I Love Creamy and Sweet Iced Coffee.
That's why. ;-)
This past weekend Kyle was busy studying for a big test, a BIG big test, and he needed solitude and to live in filth (relative filth anyway, I cleaned before I left so it wasn't that bad). I took the opportunity to voyage northeast to Tulsa from Oklahoma City to visit my dear friend, Becca, who you may remember from this post and this post and her husband John. We had a great time, despite the supa-dupa hot weather, I only wish I'd taken more photos of all our adventures. Sadly, you all will have to settle for the few I did take and my re-telling of the rest of the details in shocking, photographically, descriptive language. Does that even make sense? No. Ok, a brief run-down of events will have to do the trick then.....
Anyhow, let's see what you've got! PLEASE REMEMBER THIS PARTY IS FURNITURE ONLY!! I hate deleting crafts, so don't make me do it.
When he bends his bow,
The band was founded in 1971 by Jean Chocun, Jean-Paul Corbineau and Jean-Louis Jossic - all of whom remain members - hence the suggested name of Tri Yann an Naoned (English: Three Jean's of Nantes), Jean and Yann being respectively the French and Breton versions of the name John).
E) The 3 dollars should credit into your Amazon MP3 Gift Card Account (this means that you can only use the 3 dollars toward Amazon Mp3 downloads, not toward other tangible Amazon.com products)
I also like Jellyfish. If you ever want to shut me up for a few hours, take me to an aquarium and place me in front of a tank of Jellyfish. I will be totally hypnotized and entranced! They look like creatures from another world and I think they are magical.
Third, they imply that all men have to fork over a whole bunch of money to make their women happy. I know that some of the items are around $100 or so, but other items go up to thousands. I think the commercials create the appearance that owning that much jewelry and buying it at every gift giving occasion is completely normal. I think it should be a little bit more rare of a gift.
‘The extra rooms will be really useful.’
Just give a reason. Just one.
“What are you hungry for?” my coworker asks, as we’re due to arrive at our destination around suppertime. We’re surrounded by endless acres of corn and steer, so we decide a good, juicy steak would be just the thing. You can’t go wrong with a steak out here, right? We get directions to a local steakhouse from the hotel desk clerk, and pull up in front of a neglected supper club tucked under the overpass at the end of a neighborhood street of broken pavement. Don’t let appearances fool you, I tell myself. The owner owns his own cattle and slaughterhouse, remember? We walk in and let our eyes adjust to the dimly lit interior. The place is all but deserted. I have developed a rip-roaring sinus infection on the 12 hour drive, but I can still catch the aroma of a million smoked cigarettes and cigars in the air. I order the anticipated steak, and for whatever reason, my coworker orders the salmon. The salmon proves to be lukewarm and dry, probably from being so far from it’s original habitat. The steak is similarly lukewarm, if not at least cooked properly to the desired Medium. As we finish the meal, the one other occupied table in the entire restaurant decides to enjoy an after-meal smoke. My eyes start to sting. It hasn’t exactly been an auspicious start to our culinary experience in the heartland.
Next week: David Bowie, what a c%£$!
Bear with each other and forgive whatever grievances you may have against one another. Forgive as the Lord forgave you. Colossians 3:12-14
I had this vision in my head of taking a picture of Darcy riding her trike down the big open road. This wasn't quite what I had in mind, but it was too hot outside to really work on getting it right.
Sobe - Antagonist (applied to outer lower lash line with MAC 266)
He had emergency surgery after the attack and will need to return to hospital when doctors attempt to rebuild his right cheek with a metal plate.
The shells are still sweet, but the savoury fillings provide an interesting twist on the usual 'dessert' macaron. We also nibble on slices of huevas de maruca, salted ling roe that is a common snack in cevecerias, or beer and tapas bars in Spain. Pig Flyin' brought back a large piece of this on his recent trip to Madrid after first trying them in a small ceveceria in Seville. They'd sat alongside churchgoers who'd attended the morning service, eating the salty morsels with boiled shrimps and beer.
Number of words : 10600
I have blogged about the Phonatics timeline, which marks the beginning of my “Addiction” phase. As I approach the end of 2010, I realize that my entire social and professional life this year has been informed and influenced by Twitter.
Random numbers generated Sep 27 2011 at 20:27:18 by www.psychicscience.org
We grieved as if he had been with us all our lives. We had grown to love him that much.
Aduba told newsmen that
Pipsqueak shrugged and Fletch turned his attention back to the little parade on its way to Jack’s quarters. Maverick had his tour guide hat on, playing it to the hilt, and no doubt scaring the crap out of the girl in the process.
For the synchronizing I started with the nine reels as separate video files transferred by the Australian Film Institute. The film was scanned at 480p PAL which is normal TV resolution but it still looked good. I edited the film elements together leaving out leaders, act signs and stuff normally left out on projection. I also tried to tighten some of the cuts and splices that were particularly jumpy. I did nothing to improve the image quality, no color correction or stabilizing was performed.
Before we will come to the Suprise Blog Hop,i would like to focus at the beginning on My Creative Time's Throwback Thursday Challenge!! Use your Cricuts to create anything Birthday/Party related.Something with Balloons,Party hat,Cakes and so on.You have 2 Weeks to upload your Project to Mr.Linky on Emma's Blog!!
Account Name:
I'll let everyone know how the weekend goes - hopefully it will be uneventful.
I first became acquainted with this problem through the Regretsy website, where people often poke fun at really shitty craft projects and “Steampunk” crap being sold on Etsy. According to the offended crafters and thin-skinned wieners everywhere, having a negative opinion about something automatically makes one a fat, jealous loser. And probably also a cat lady. And a virgin. Maybe a lesbian, too, it really just depends on the offended party. No no, my personal opinion that your craft project sucks cannot possibly be based on the fact that your craft project does indeed suck. I only think your craft project sucks because I’m so fat and jealous of your craft-making abilities that, naturally, the only way to cope with that jealousy is to insult something that is actually really really awesome.
3. Tornado – 4:15
But now, since my blog is entitled On My Plate, I should probably post a recipe, huh? How about something for those of you that HAVE resolved to improve your diet, drop a few pounds, work out more, be healthier, or eat more veggies? In addition to cleaning drawers and crawl spaces last year, I did manage to drop those ugly extra pounds that I had been carrying around. I searched out some healthy ways to fill my tummy and fuel my food obsession. This Slow Cooker Vegetable Soup is a great light meal or snack that is satisfying, and most importantly, full of flavor. Because, after all, if it doesn't taste good, I don't want it On My Plate.
small pieced squares 5 1/2" total 3 (2 orange and 1 turquoise)
Preparations
However this tunnel is compromised by the post-2009 area rules. Sidepod bodywork 50mm above the floor (actually 100mm above the reference plane) must meet tangential and minimum radius regulations. This means Red Bulls tunnel is limited to slightly less than 50mm in height, with a sharp top edge.
Huang Guofu lost his arms in a electric shock accident at the age of 4. When he was 12, he picked up a brush and started painting with his feet.
Excuse her medusa mane!
Hell or Heaven is, in fact, nothing but our biological destiny?
Mackenzie played "Rudolph the Red-Nosed Reindeer," but first she cracked me up and then warmed my heart. In being silly, when she did her bow as she approached the piano, she flopped her head over and pieces of her hair got caught up in the flower where it remained throughout the entire performance. On top of that, she sings every time she plays, including in her piano recital. You could just faintly hear her sweet little girl voice singing "Rudolph" while she played. As I looked around many audience members had little smiles on their faces. Precious!
And of course anyone who wants to host a Meg related giveaway can.
You see in general I think trashy romances get a bad name. We’re told not to expect much from them…even I call them trashy…which is a slightly dismissive term of a genre that is the number one selling type of book in the Ebook market. Any who, back to my point. Craved wasn’t well written. It had potential. It reminded me of a book that was in it’s rough draft form…it was begging for an editor to comb the pages and help the author massage more depth into the plot, correct some flow issues, and generally edit. The whole thing reminded me of the brain vomit some students attempt to turn in after pulling an all nighter. That spew that ends up on a page after a student has consumed information but either is too scared or too late to fully sort through their info. It’s not that the bones of the story weren’t there…they just weren’t properly finished.
4. Butter- 1 tbsp
I have been going “Hello… hello… is anybody awake out there” for several years now, and wondering why everyone seemed to be sleepwalking into the future. Wasn’t it painfully obvious that this was not your average blip to the downside? I saw armageddon in the making – and they saw… what exactly?
Lori :)
It is the oldest hotel in Australia with the original floor plan. It is like stepping back into the mid 19th century when you enter this building. Unfortunately, Val is not well enough to continue refurbishments.
Now the Lord is the Spirit,
Don't worry if your not the best writer... find good editors :)
PicSee Pro is a universal app that is free currently. It normally runs $1.99. While it is an interesting app with oodles of potential, I found the user interface to be a bit clumsy and the menus a little hard to navigate. For instance, it depends on swiping for many of the menus, but you must push very hard to get them to move at all.
It goes without saying that we're a car culture here; even in car-mad America, California stands out as obsessive. In California, especially in Southern California, cars are nearly a necessity. For many (though I am not one of that number), they are also a deep source of pride and identity. Particularly in Hispanic Cruiser Culture (okay, amongst Pachucos), cars are decorated like shrines. (The word is chosen with deliberation. Sure, there may be fuzzy dice hanging from the rear-view mirror, but you are also likely to find a St Christopher medallion dangling beside them, and a statuette of the Virgin Mary on the dash.)
For bonus entries, please leave a comment for each thing that you do:
It's no wonder that God has forced me to stop. He's stopped me in my tracks with this allergy issue - using the moment-to-moment anxiety that this food fear has created to let my life catch up to me – the apprehension, the joy, the shame, the love, the failure, and the surrender.
Welp, I took the SAT this morning and I feel pretty good about it...well, most of it at least. Thank you all for your tips, they really helped me out! :) Now I just have my finals Wednesday and my summer will finally begin! I say this every year, but my summer plans are to lock myself in my room and sew all day! What are your summer plans? I want to hear them!
If you are uncertain when a particular campus holds recruitment, you can find that chapter on the Chapter Locator Map. The chapter profile that opens includes the recruitment start date.
For this scenario I decided that a dwarf warband lead by Mardin, one of my favorite models, would go into goblin infested depths of Moria to reclaim some ancient treasure. The objective was behind the center column (from the dwarves’ point of view). They had 10 turns to get the treasure and take it back to their side of the table. As well as the time factor, there were two trapdoors on opposite corners of the table. From those, each turn after the first there would come 1D3 goblin reinforcements.
People have always said that I would be amazed to see who would end up being a permanent fixture in my life, that life would throw curveballs and my dearest friends would leave me, or that I would change and no longer hold the same interest I had. I wouldn't change much about the relationships in my life - for they are few but magnificently powerful - and I guess that now, more than ever, I am able to distinguish the long-term from the short-term.
I like the tale, and mourn the passing of such eccentric characters as these two feisty women, keeping the nation's bars in order. I am therefore, pleased to report two pubs runs by elderly ladies who, whilst perhaps not quite resorting to scaring customers off with firearms, still run their pubs with an old-fashioned, no-nonsense approach. The pubs in question are the Red Lion at Snargate, and the Queen's Arms at Cowden Pound. Both establishments are on CAMRA's National Inventory of unspoilt "Heritage" pubs, and you can read more about them by clicking on the above links.
I feel like I clean up every where I go- I know i am obsessed about cleanliness – but I can’t cope with it being a mess, and I don’t know where to start usually when there is always a mess; my life is that mess and I can’t have the place I live in a similar vein. I need to live alone, I know.
Funnily enough this morning, before watching this movie tonight in which, serendipitously, I heard the above line and pressed pause on the laptop and opened Evernote to jot it down, I headed to Starbucks and ordered an iced green tea latte because I thought such a drink would be disgusting enough, and it was, to grant me extra time in a relatively comfy chair while I bashed away here. Because I wanted to check something out.
Grass & fence dies: Doohickeys (Magnolia)
Coriander leaves – for taste
this essay struck me on many levels, but the first was that this was one of yesterdays MOST emailed articles on the new york times website! who was sending and who was receiving? on the either hand, it does seem so much more sensible than letting the type of car one drives (or lack of one) be a deal breaker or is it just a variation on the matchmaker theme? anyway, having the right books is not a substitute for reading them, but it can make for a cute meet in a bookstore! (yes, i've been watching romantic comedies!) what do you think? a worthy deal breaker or just another example of our "something better will come along" society?
- P.C. Gonemad, Loughborough, 28/12/2010 18:16
The first time that Jesus came into this world, He came to offer salvation. He came to show us how to avoid judgment. We can accept this offer or we can face judgment.
John Rambo
“Good morning, Dear.”
EDITOR’S NOTES
Today is the day that I clean the living room, and set up the couch pieces that currently reside in the garage.
Susan Carter in The Archers
04. Love machine (3:09)
This is a easy and delicious fried ramen I cooked the other day and serve it with black pepper beer chicken. This packet of ramen was given to me by my neighbour last year....lol...hopes she don't see this.
*From Hearts of Darkness: Hearts of Darkness and The Good Foot announce the release of their first collaborative project, a split single 7” record titled “Numeration / Bad Way”. 7" vinyl records with digital download cards will release to the public and be available for sale on Saturday, February 18 at the Carnivàle du Soul show at The Uptown Theater...
"What's your favorite book?"
Further on, Mr. Strauss can suggest (p. 163), “The only universally valid standard is the hierarchy of ends,” ends which should take into account what may be “most urgent in the circumstances” (p. 162).
The universe was with me this morning and we managed to pull up at exactly 10:02. The pick up area reminds me of a drive-in, with angled parking spots and a kiosk at each space. I scanned in the bar code from my order and was told that my order was ready and soon it told me who was in charge of my order. Meanwhile, I opened up the trunk and made space for the groceries and chatted with Fry. Soon, a door opened and a lady with a shopping cart came out to the car. She loaded my groceries, already packed in plastic bags, into my car, handed me the eggs so they wouldn't be crushed, and we were on our way at exactly 10:06.
Today, hubby is home for the holiday weekend, and we are getting odds and ends done. The boys are playing in a homemade fort upstairs, Ry is practicing a lesson he is giving on I Peter this week, and I have an impressive load of laundry to do. Tomorrow I'll get back to crafting for the airplane party and share some more projects. I also have recorded last night's newest Downton Abbey and can't wait to sit with a cup of coffee and find out what is going on in post WWI English manor life.
The setting of the books is as dramatic as its characters. And with the exemption of the narrator, every character is highly emotional, leaving little space for etiquette. Love and vengeance are the only motivators, and there is no time left for anything else. This book is part of the Romanticist movement, a group of authors, musicians, writers and philosophers that rebelled against all the sense and logic of the Enlightenment and set man (and woman) and their emotions front and center, casting aside science and knowledge.
Stat-wise, Suicune has more defenses than offensive stats, but since it’s a legendary, its Sp Attack is pretty good too. It’s a generally pretty bulky Water type, but has good offense as well. In the Dream World, Suicune gets Water Absorb, which would make it even better competitively.
1. How can this movie ever exist. Have movies gone so far away from the classics that this is the next pitch. A movie about a male stripper. Honestly, I don’t know what to say anymore.
It's an exaggerated story - it wasn't like that at all, her contemporaries say.
Killarney (Cill Airne, meaning “church of sloes”) is a town in County Kerry, southwestern Ireland. The town is located north of the MacGillicuddy Reeks, on the northeastern shore of the Lough Lein/Leane. All of which are part of Killarney National Park. The town and its surrounding region are home to St. Mary’s Cathedral, Ross Castle, Muckross House and Abbey, Lakes of Killarney, Torc Waterfall and the Gap of Dunloe.
I am not even going to pretend to write anything here. I found this list in T.D. Jakes‘ book, Let It Go and I had to share it. I don’t know if you’ve bought the book, don’t want the book, whatever…but this list–this incomplete list is just so eye-opening. I just had to share it.
Cube said news of the attack was particularly hard to stomach, coming just a day after widespread vandalism at Holy Cross Church, where she attends services.
As the investigation turned out it appears that Ghazala’s father orchestrated the killing in cooperation with eight members of the family, including chasing Ghazala down, providing the handgun and the getaway car.
I was raised in a little town called Peñitas and went to school in La Joya. After graduation, I left for South Carolina where I went to Bob Jones University for my B.A. in English and Creative Writing, then to Clemson University for my M.A. in English, and much later, after several years of teaching in the Texas public schools, I returned to the South to earn my Ph.D. in English and Creative Writing from Georgia State University.
14. Looking younger. Yippee! As you clear emotional issues and release limiting beliefs and heavy baggage from the past, you are actually lighter. Your frequency is higher. You love yourself and life more. You begin to resemble the perfect you that you really are.
- 2 cups of water
I squeezed an apple
And I believe these glamour photo packages most portrait photographers offer - where people are made up by make-up artists and hairdressers first - only make the whole thing worse
It therefore seems odd that the Tribunal have imposed what is in fact more than the stated maximum penalty on Mr Whyte.
And Dead and Gone is a great read ninth addition to the series – recommended for all vampire, mystery and fantasy fans.
This one was made for the color challenge #363 on Splitcoaststampers. Joanne was our hostess and she chose the beautiful color trio of pink pirouette, pretty in pink and basic gray. She also wanted us to use buttons on our card.
The inside is pale yellow due to the high egg content with a zesty lemon and orange tang. No pics of it cut... because once you cut and eat, you can't stop.
Marlene shook her head. “Covered in mud.”
13. Write a mission-vision statement for your writing. What do you want to write about? What is your purpose for writing about this topic?
10 Years Ago the Russians Were Also Block From Getting Their Own District by CM Recchia
Here are 5 prompts to get you started:
‘Today there is much focus on our rights,” Justice Thomas said. “Indeed, I think there is a proliferation of rights.”
3.) Taking the bar (and hopefully passing) in July...
I'm just serving it with cabbage and roasted carrots and french bread.
Kay’s mother died when she was very young and her alcoholic father (a landscaper) is presumed to have committed suicide. Kay is brought up by her grandmother in New Jersey. She grows up to become a librarian. She goes to Peter Carrington’s mansion to request him to host a charity fundraiser. The Carrington Family is one of the richest families of US. Peter agrees. But soon they (Kay and Peter) fall in love and marry.
I suggested we give it a try. I reached for a knife to cut a small piece. My neighbor who brought the cheese stopped me and said “Don’t cut it with a knife … use a Girolle”.
Our fans!! I’m really thank for all your concern for EXO ♥
This wedding event for their families was an absolute joy to be a part of! I fell in love with Miss Carly and her mom, Liz, immediately! I have to say I do miss our weekly meetings and daily phone calls leading into the event ~ however ~ I know they will be a part of my families' life forevermore.
The light reminds you that while you may have lost one part of one corner, you have a whole great big room of blessings and gifts and people that are just waiting to share in the joys of life with you. That makes it just a little bit easier to throw off the weight that holds you down and embrace the goodness that life has to offer.
I prefer this from a guy named Albert Einstein: Insanity is doing the same thing over and over again and expecting different results. Sometimes trying again and again doesn't help. Sometimes it's ok to admit that you are just not going to or don't care to succeed at something.
Maine by J. Courtney Sullivan
The panel had also appeared in Wertham's first volley against comic books, about five years earlier, in an article he published in The Saturday Review of Literature in May, 1948:
Last night I stayed up reading till 4am again (I was finishing a book and had got to the’ I can put it down now stage’ – unfortunately the book was King’s ‘The Dome’ so that stage came with still an normal sized novel of pages behind it) I closed the book – having read the last page of the acknowledgements (Reading King’s comments are sometimes even better then the book itself) and got up to go to bed.
Below please find the Call to Action for the May 20 March on the NATO Summit.
Extra extra, read all about it: American Apparel is having a RIDICULOUS sale at their factory in downtown LA till Halloween... ish. I hardly ever sport an outfit that's comprised mostly of brand new-s, but this sale was so legit that I think we can safely consider these finds thrifted gems...
They tell you not to even touch it.
The latest label crew project kit. It makes the cutest little button closure pouches.
And my own personal screwdriver-left-out-in-the-rain-to-rust? Ah. It’s in the title of the play, dear friends. Dancing. I am the man at the wedding who scampers to the bar like a squirrel when a danceable song comes on. Don’t get me wrong – I like the skill and I try hard. I have danced convincingly in a half-dozen musicals without fatalities. And when I have a patient and excellent choreographer like Lughnasa’s Vanessa Terzaghi, I’ll give it everything I’ve got. But through the years, as I’ve tended to leave musical theatre to those much more talented than myself, the dancing tool has become neglected. And learning that choreography has become a bit painful, because it’s a language I’ve forgotten how to speak. At times during our process I’ve wondered why playwright Brian Friel used the dance metaphor so pervasively. And why on earth did the apparently-sane director Craig Mummey cast me as the dance-mad Welshman Gerry Evans? Surely we can say our lines and the words will carry us, right? None of this falling asleep with nightmares of step patterns and tempo progressions in my head.
A sense of caution today may have you weighing many possible outcomes before making a commitment. This tentative feeling is a valuable guide in making the best possible decisions for you and everyone involved. When we remember to use mind, heart, and spirit in making decisions, our choices are infused with wisdom. The universe helps us to bring about what we create in our minds, but if we are vague, the universe cannot give us exactly what we want. If we evaluate each prospective offer in the light of our goals and weigh them with the wisdom of our hearts and our intuition, we become specific about the most beneficial choices we can make. Today we let caution be our guide in making our best decisions.
This little cutie is one I won from The Digi Garden in a challenge a while back, but I hadn't had time to colour her and her friends up with all my DT commitments. The papers are mostly from Crate Paper as is the sentiment and the gumball machine chipboard embellishment. The ribbon is from The Ribbon Girl and the brad is from My Mind's Eye.
A half-brother to the smart hunter chaser Robbers Glen, Calgary Bay sold for a bargain price of 8,700 euros as a foal at Tattersalls Ireland in November,
Savior of the nations come,
Which characters from the previous generation is Linton most like?
Please stop.
Where did you get the idea that Obama doesn’t like discussion or debate, or that he doesn’t listen to dissent? That view is wholly unsupportable in history and current action. Have you read the newspapers this week? Proponents of health care reform claims he’s listened too much to the opposition. One might have assumed that if one assumed George Bush’s White House was the model — but Obama promised to change things. This is one area where he’s delivered better than anyone had any right to hope.
Mukasey quoted a declassified memorandum by Leon Panetta, the Pentagon chief, that he argued included a “responsibility-escape clause” that meant if the operation had failed then blame could have been placed on then Vice Admiral William McRaven, head of Joint Special Operations Command (JSCO) at the time.
1/4 cup powdered sugar (to sprinkle on towel)
I'm told I will need to brace myself for the shenanigans from Verizon at the other end. But until then, thank you Orange for reminding me why living in France, while not always easy, is certainly a growth experience.
About Betti Ono
EDITOR: Muslims?
To put it another way, it is only through having the best possible physical supply chains and providing a customer experience that is informed about all of your products and services (and that has therefore been the subject of major investments) that publishers will maintain their print book revenues for long enough for them to work out how to magnetize their content in new ways.
The Three R’s
Baby bring the whip around.
The first disc starts off with “The Television Version” that was directed by Franklin J. Schaffner and which first aired on September 1954 for the series Westinghouse Presents Studio One. It obviously doesn’t feature the star-studded cast of the film but is a pretty solid adaptation in its own right. Ron Simon, curator at the Paley Center for Media in New York City, introduces it and puts the program into context, talks about the director, cast and so on. He points out that it was experiment to see if theater could work on T.V.
She was back at school, Monday, so far it was wonderful and she was chipper and not afraid. She saw him and hurried with him to his locker. They exchanged very small, uneventful, talk as they walked side by side with little to no contact. They both had places to be. Before they say their goodbyes though, something unusual happens; he picks her up kisses her forehead. The memories paused and her thoughts tumbled in. Was that a goodbye kiss? An I’m sorry kiss? She doesn’t understand why. But the memories kept going. During the free period of her day, she was giddy with that tiny romantic stunt he pulled. She hummed along to her music and wrote her thoughts down, but then he came and tapped on her shoulder andshe felt anxious by the look on his face. She fiddled around in her pockets and followed him to a slightly private area. Her heart sank to the pit of her stomach as he told her that crushing phrase.
1:47: I find it personally funny when d-bags try to wax poetic on fighting corporations and society. You tools do realize that Nike, GNC, and the UFC aren’t saving the world right?
15:30 Chair: Dr. Tim Baycroft, University of Sheffield
What would happen at the end
“They are at the center of a multi million-dollar legal hurricane: twelve men and women who have been investigated, watched, manipulated, and harassed by high-priced lawyers and consultants who will stop at nothing to secure a verdict. Now the jury must make a decision in the most explosive civil trial of the century, a precedent setting lawsuit against a giant tobacco company. But only a handful of people know the truth: that this jury has a leader, and the verdict belongs to him…
In his prepared remarks Braun, who also served as interim director of the Department of Justice’s Drug Intelligence Fusion Center, said Hezbollah and other terrorist groups understand that the Mexican cartels are already operating successfully inside the United States.
Adding flowers to your garden does more than beautify it. Early flowering plants put your garden 'on the map' for local pollinators such as native bees and hoverflies. They also attract beneficial insects to your garden, and provide habitat for them while your main garden crops develop.
We started off by reading "Are You My Mother?" by P.D. Eastman
7. What was the last website you looked at?
Willie Mae’s Scotch House on Saint Ann Street in New Orleans, August 29 2007, two years to the day that Hurricane Katrina ravaged the city.
The £200million inquiry into the Bloody Sunday shootings has found that soldiers were guilty of unlawful killing, it was claimed last night.
Edward A. Brennan, 37, New York, N.Y.
When he gets in trouble, even if you explain it in the sweetest way, his eyes still fill up. His eyelids start to turn pink...and it just breaks my heart:).
I do think this will be a little easier if this pregnancy is viable. The uncertainty right now makes coping with this much more difficult.
104. Lay regarded himself as the ‘biggest competitors’.
Yeah, Andrea: you damn well SHOULD say “the White House” instead of “we” when the White House says something. Not that you ever made the mistake of conflating your thoughts with the White House when it happened to be the BUSH White House, did you???
At one of Soup Tuesday's weekly soup and cake planning meetings (yes, we have meetings...), I had the idea to soup-ize meals, and this is an attempt to turn a roast lamb dinner into soup. The soup is actually made with left over roast lamb, but you could buy fresh if you wanted. Also, instead of making the roast potatoes and parsnips, if you have any left-over mashed potato, you could make mini potato cakes by adding some flour, rolling the mixture into little balls and frying them, before adding to the finished soup
India Cyclothon is the only excuse you need to get up and go have fun on your bike!
Should the alcohol industry speak with a unified voice?
Who used to build you up just to let you down
“What he has said indirectly is that the insistence on zoning by the North partly caused Boko Haram. For the party to be seen as one, Azazi must go. I am aware that some chieftains of the party have been contacting Jonathan on the need to remove the NSA.”
If somebody had to live my life, why did it have to be me?!
If a child is forced to wear a jacket, then she is robbed of a chance to feel cold enough to know when she really needs one.
The Antlers – No Widows (Frenchkiss)
Think about your new beginnings. What you might take up that you’ve been meaning to do.
7. Grandpa's Interview – 12:57
Most of the art and aspiration of the months following 9/11 were left to twist in the wind until nothing remained but a public and governmental acceptance of change and then the developers were free to get plans approved that would have been preposterous until that fateful Tuesday morning.
I’m just scared
This asking was not a request: it was mandatory. Ergo, Mr Gowlland is suspended. Differences of opinion must involve (at least) two disputing parties (schizophrenia excepting), but Mr Gowlland is the only Lay Reader to have been disciplined.
Found this last one after I originally posted this. Pinned with the caption "a real room". Made me smile, because it's so true. But, it would make me crazy if that were my child! ha ha. I have to draw the line somewhere! I haven't followed the link, yet. How much would you bet that's in Sweden or Denmark?
I've looked back on the positions that I have filled, through the years. Starting out my adult life, as a Radio-Teletype Operator, in the U.S. Army. What memories! Changing the generator over, alone, in the dead of night, after reading Steven King's Salem's Lot. Dust in the face, cactus in the elbows... and yes, for some (not me) poison ivy on the butt! Running a rat rig certainly had to do with communications.
For those who might not know what I'm talking about, Beer Wars is the documentry by Anat Baron, formerly of Mike's Hard Lemmonade fame. The film takes the viewers behind the scenes of the world of beer, and the fight between microbreweries and the big guys. Even if your not into beer, the film is still a great piece of film making exposing the battle the small businesses face every day in the fight against corporate america.
My fatal flaw was Fear. Like a lot of other writers. Hell, like a lot of non-writers. Sure, it looked like Laziness, but Laziness is Fear’s ornery little brother.
People diet and exercise all the time. Models. Celebrities. Students in middle school and high school. Anybody and everybody that wants to or needs to lose weight have the right to do it. Nobody’s running around pointing fingers at them, are they?
Then he deliberately slammed the door as hard as he could, hoping to get Mike’s goat.
hold up to 5) or the nitro boats that hold up to 2 anglers (see resort list below).
Um, everything.
“After December, young women can expect to see premium increases of up to 25%.”
The Identity Theft Resource Center, San Diego, Calif., recommends these best practices for mobile device users:
I hereby encourage you to post your responses in the comments section! A snippet of interaction, a line or two of tempestuous dialogue... if anything strikes your fancy. ;)
Amber Ale
here's a look at my home office - soon to be where ALL my dreams will come true - where the rainbow in my soul will shine - a place where things will get done precisely and happily!
Speaking of dropping by; now is a great time to make reservations at Pecan Cottage for you and your girlfriends to turn a few nights into an old-fashioned sleepover. AND…I always have a sampling of jewelry for you to try on and purchase at reduced rates. Trust me, you won’t be able to go home without a pair of earrings, a necklace, or a matched set.
Was a little worried that I would not have my project finished in time to show for the challenge over at Magnolia Down Under. Any thing but a card /alter something its not exactly altered but its not a card, looking forward to seeing all the lovely creations, so hop on over and see what all the lovely DT girls have made
for a pulse?
Final Gravity: 1.016
The challenge that I did this month was the Bella Muse, this challenge is one that we do every month where there is an image provided to us to use on a project.
A few notes: 3/4" balls yielded the perfect size for these cookies -- they couldn't be too big, people were supposed to eat 2 at a time once they were sandwich cookies! Also, the 8-10 minute baking time resulted in the soft, chewy cookies I remember from the wedding. You're supposed to let the cookies cool on the sheet pan for a few minutes, and then transfer to a wire rack to complete cooling. I didn't have a wire rack, so I used the cool top of my washing machine, conveniently located in my kitchen. Ah, city livin'.
Now for some additional questions the AP failed to ask, in its glowing attempt to parrot a Hollywood publicity release. If Melissa’s commitment to Tammy turns out to be just as temporary as her commitment to Julie was, does she have an equal right to Tammy’s twins, who she did not biologically father or mother? Of course, legal conflicts between the rights of biological parents and day to day caregiving parents exist in the heterosexual world, too. But my point here is that we’re losing the ability to even define what a parent is, particularly if the rights of parents who are both biological parents and caregivers become, in some cases, subservient to other caregiving parents, if we can call them parents, who just happen to want the children.
Only one full-timing and one extended traveler had a washer/dryer in their RV. One full-timer claimed she washed her clothes on a rock!
Dwayne’s words came to mind. I couldn’t have done it; criminals were innocent until proven guilty and all that jazz.
James Franco is not as good a host as Anne Hathaway but he looks good. Thank you Academy!
During the past month, I spent some time revising the "Buying Beer Online" section of The Tokyo Food Page.
In the cold light of day, back here at work, it seems silly that I felt as paranoid as did last night. I mean, I literally barricaded the side entrance to the house and had my heaviest cricket bat at my side! The flatmate Masher went to bed with his golf clubs but, to be honest, he's been doing that every night since he got his brand new set last week.
It’s like gymnastics or running or skating. When done right, it looks effortless. Yet it is anything but. Beginnings are easy. But the easier they look, the more effort usually goes into them. Each minute on the ice or the balance beam represents 10,000 hours or more of painstaking practice and effort, of sweat and straining to make it just so… to make it appear easy. Yes, beginnings are easy…
I am so excited that for the next 3 days I will be a Guest Designer for JustRite Stampers!!! I love their stamps and custom made die templates. I am greatly honored to be their Guest Designer this week.
A cool concept for a show that relates back to the events of the Buffy finale. What happens when a psychotic abuse victim gets the powers of a slayer? Find out on this weeks very special episode of Angel.
Grand in itself alone, but in that breach
Rebecca by Daphne du Maurier
Daddy left to go for work - and I never seem to have my phone handy to document the waves goodbye and sadness when she realizes that she can't follow him to the car. Unhappy day. We settled in with our respective toys, and got started on our day. M had some of my cereal (with skim milk even - don't judge) and a few puffs, and a bottle. I changed her diaper. Normal stuff. Then, I decided to do some laundry. Silly, silly me.
「一年に二回植えるやつ？」
"Be better when they're 21 cos parents can stop worrying then, they're job is done right?" Wow, did we ever really believe that!
Blend all ingredients together very well. (I recommend using a food processor.) Squish the dough together. (I transferred the dough to a plastic bag then smushed it together in the bag. It’s much less messy this way!) Roll into balls, cookie-cuttered shapes, or bars… or you can even use it for a pie crust!
90g/3oz butter
And poor J.
Now this is where things get crazy. Or maybe not.
And now to rub it in, let us travel back in time when I was forced to go and drink beer at St. Sixtus, Westy to all my beer geeks friends.
Colt is recruited by a secret organization called the Central Headquarters Against the Occult and Supernatural. But the battle isn't just against an out-of-control giant corporation. A gateway to another world is opening, and the invasion has already begun.
On 18th December, 2010 I was appointed as a Vice President of KEADILAN. I welcome this appointment and thank KEADILAN for placing their trust in me by appointing me to this position.
I will be posting videos of Cameron crawling etc as well as Disney photos soon.
Around and around she goes, and where she stops nobody knows. All Ed Lindsay knows is that he desperately wanted a second chance and he finally got it, through a strange and wonderful time machine called a radio…. in the Twilight Zone.
He said their truck was escorted by members of the rebel Free Syrian Army as it made its escape.
Me: “Oh tell her she is in my prayers and I hope she feels better.”
So that’s why I’m against that bit. Another problem is that although 50% of people surveyed voted against splitting the best novel category into fantasy and horror awards, it’s been proposed anyway. The proposers think it’s an important step to put fantasy back at the heart of the awards, and I can see why they think that. But this has been proposed before, and the proposed new rules don’t address any of the problems that have previously been raised with it. They have just left all the problems for the next awards admin to sort out. Lucky her!
4. Organize a Desk Drawer
Boris Karloff’s narration finds the perfect balance between the darker and lighter parts of the story and dialogue. He can convey the Grinch’s despair, but he’s also great at expressing the optimism of Whoville and the awakening of the Grinch’s Christmas spirit.
The Gypsy King turned her toward him and took the necklace from her hand, dropping it on the table behind him. “I think that he didn’t kill her.” He slid his hands along her neck and let her hair fall through his fingers. “I think that he had watched her in secret for a long time.” Briana’s eyes fluttered closed and he dipped his head to press his lips against her skin. “He had come to fall in love with her from afar, but he knew that her family would never entertain him as a serious suitor.” He cupped her chin and ran his thumb along her trembling lip. “And that all he wanted that night was one kiss.” He brushed his lips lightly against hers and lifted his head.
Her story reminded me of my own childhood purchases. My brother and sisters and I used to ride our bikes to the local drug store and spend our allowance on root beer, Twinkies, and Doritos. You guys, I loved Doritos so much. My childhood dream was that some day as an adult, I'd have enough money to have a room FULL of Doritos, like Scrooge McDuck's room full of coins. I need to get on that.
The filling was yummy, and the chutney was a hit with most guests – I was a bit dubious about it, but think it would taste lovely with lamb. I added a little balsamic vinegar, instead of water – it added flavour and I think cut through some of the herbiness. By the way, don’t be alarmed by the amount of herbs needed! It looks like alot but the chop and blend down to make a suitable amount of chutney.
Although my pictures are nowhere near the master’s standard, I take solace in the fact that another photographer from another era is thinking the same way as I am. After all, the thrill of the hunt was over after the click. The satisfaction of domesticating this wild beast called the image, should be treated as another process altogether, given its own time, given a fresh eye.
On the bottom shelf in the center units are the 4 color families of SU Classic Stampin' Spots - which I love because they allow me to have all of the colors without the money investment and storage problem in purchasing the large ink pads and they match my SU cardstock. On top of them are the cardstock color samples I made. Next to the ink boxes I keep my Score tapes and a small cutting plate that I use when fussy cutting with a blade those sections that are too small for scissors.
Foundation primer is a must! It creates an even canvas for your foundation. Primers go on after your moisturizer, but before your foundation. It hides imperfections, minimizes pores, your face will appear flawless and smooth, and makes your makeup last longer. You will find that rather than your foundation rubbing off throughout the day that your makeup will stay in place all day and look better than it ever has.
Pray: Lord Jesus, I pray for the one who has given up hope because of the enormity of their problem. Lift the feeling of hopelessness from their shoulders and infuse them with the fortitude to patiently endure. We choose to focus on You, Lord, the author and the finisher of our faith. May hope be reborn in our hearts today! Amen.
I never dreamed that I'd weigh as much as I do,
Chloe Fall/Winter 2010-2011: Beige, it’s not just for car interiors anymore! Hannah MacGibbon has created a sleek line of neutral pieces for Chloe this year and they’re charming. When compared to some of the outrageous designs we’ve seen in Paris this year (Balmain, Yves St. Laurent, I’m looking at YOU!), Chloe’s girls are minimalistic and you know what, it’s a relief. Again we see a lot of blouses, sweaters, and trousers, and I love the thin belts tucked in for detail. This collection is a mix of some soft tweed material, buttery leather, and charmeuse fabric. The girls’ long, flowing tresses soften the bareness of the colors and cuts, and feminize them as well. The simple makeup look is lovely here, too.
If the Blades beat Exeter City in its last game, they will still remain the hope to be promoted only if the Owls fail to maintain their advantages.
7 March 2012
LAG: What are you currently working on?
I must've gone through 3 cans of Solarcaine so far and I still can't take a warm shower or sleep on my back.
My whole body was still in pain. Yesterday, I joined my friend at Fitness First Eastwood. We really wanted the Zumba class but since we were late, we ended up joining Body Pump. We both did not know what to expect in the class. It turned out that the class involved weights and lunges (which I really hated! haha!). It was tiring and difficult yet the music and the presence of other people was enough to keep us up.
Purina 8ct Variety Pack $2/1
While there are clearly unpleasant and painful aspects of what we are now facing, we have an opportunity to seize that whole-body tingling excitement. Our system is at the next jumping off point to move from reform to innovation. We are ready to move on from the raw, vegan diet and the juice fast to the delicious and amazing split pea soup and everything that comes after.
laughing hysterically as we all slid-and-slided our way down.
Finally, a plan for the justices to preside over minor disputes between individuals might be a way to connect with average citizens while provoking interest in matters juicier than cases like Salazar v. Buono, a battle over jurisdiction in the California desert. If minor barroom confrontations, misunderstood wager agreements or domestic quarrels were added to the docket, interest in proceedings in the third branch of the federal government could skyrocket.
I do not eat carbs at lunch. They make me tired. I need energy to teach so I avoid these. Sometimes I throw in caramel rice cakes when I am in a hurry but I always pay for it. You can tell I am having a rough day if I am sneaking into my teacher's bag for my secret stash of chocolate.
yes, since she was a tiny chick, she loves to lie in our arms.
My bag had:
I love to write songs...winter song...Sara!!!! OMG!!!!!!!!!
■Senator Rand Upton Rheady (Government Bad Guy)
“This report shines a bright light on a pattern of errors, omissions and bias in the textbooks reviewed,” explained ACT! for America Education founder Brigitte Gabriel in an email. “To give you just one example of the errors our research uncovered, in discussing the 9/11 attacks, the textbooks typically fail to mention the perpetrators were Muslims or that they acted in the cause of Islamic jihad. In one book the terrorists are portrayed as people fighting for a cause.
Fighting over the crumbs — that’s why you always see the Koch brothers with a smile on their face.
I just woke up. And things still look a little fuzzy around the edges.
Left at home, Ellen falls into melancholy and eventually, into a trance. She stares without direction or recognition. She even sleepwalks on a balcony ledge. Ellen has no reason to believe her husband is safe, but neither does she have reason to believe he’s been harmed. When a sunny letter arrives from him, she takes no pleasure in it at all. Like the creatures in the forest, she instinctively knows something is amiss; her grave demeanour combats her husband’s disposition, preventing Nosferatu from descending into farce.
The stories end with the angel returning to Heaven and giving what he found to God. Within the last song, after the angel is back, Kyrie plays. A fitting end to an innovative album.
So I signed, the guy left, and we all looked at the box, which was the size of a mini fridge. A large one. Or maybe a small dishwasher. No, I was not expecting a package. No, I did not have another Amazon binge. No, I wasn't in denial again. No, I couldn't think of anyone who would have a reason to send me a bomb, a severed body part, or a diseased monkey (we've all been reading a lot of thrillers lately).
A caregiver is a person who is selfless, loving and compassionate. You give so much to your friends and family in need, and you deserve to get something back. Friends of Hospice Ottawa is more than happy to offer you a day at no cost, to spend for yourself, and we hope to see you at the retreat.
Having expended a good deal of money in seeking to enforce its trade marks against a defendant which was sailing too close to the wind and capsized, Specsavers wanted to see some of it come back in the form of costs. This didn't look as though it was about to happen in the immediate future since the case was still far from over. Apart from the reference of some questions to the CJEU for a preliminary ruling, which could be reckoned to add a couple more years to the final outcome if the action, Asda had also sought to appeal to the Supreme Court. The Court of Appeal refused permission to appeal, so Asda proposed to apply to the Supreme Court for leave to appeal to it.
About the Authors
Well, writing to me is knowing, knowing myself in a better way. I can never realize rather I will never realize who I am as an individual if there was an absence of writing in my life. Writing is the way of knowing the hidden thoughts deeply set up in the intricate structures of my mind which I can only know while writing by putting them in appropriate words. Writing is the way for me to know my ambitions, what I want to achieve in life. What I write is real- my writing denotes the real me. Writing, therefore, is a way of knowing everything I want to know. That is the easiest way I can formulate all this much into.
When we travel, Betsy and I usually check to see if there are any waterfalls in the area to which we are travelling. We went to the Biltmore Estate in Asheville at the end of January, and searching the internet told us a waterfall in nearby Weaverville, North Carolina. So the morning after visiting Biltmore we travelled to Weaverville before heading home.
I do not enjoy "This American Life." Though I was never a big O.C. fan, I think Summer said it all with the following: "Is that where a bunch of pretentious hipsters talk about how fascinating ordinary people are? God!"
Nicholas was hilarious, and off-color, and talked about how well he thought he and James Marsters worked together.
That night, I went digging through my old pictures and I found a picture of myself, exactly as I had described to my co-worker, it was perfect.
This year I didn't spend the holiday with my family, but we had plenty to be grateful for.
If so, will it be only in its own country or in several countries ?
Genre: Soul-Jazz
Tri left his office early so that he could be there for some of the wedding. However, we left the wedding pretty soon after he arrived. I had barely done anything all day but I was exhausted. I don’t know how the bride and groom must have felt!
Introductions began to make their way around the table and one by one, hellos and names were exchanged. When it came time for us to share, my eyes gazed into the biggest brown eyes I had ever seen. I melted into their warmth and kindness. He had an easy, almost shy quality to his hello. “Hi, I’m Vic” he said with a smile, extending his beautiful hand. My mouth was bone dry, yet I was able to mumble a “Hi!”
- suitable for 3mths and up
Please remember to click on each Designers
just as I had thought he would first react.
Hi! Let me show you how you would look if you were a girl called Marlenka, being a little downhearted because of worldwide and personal stuff (hey Karma, didn't you like my 11 Jan. post?)
Use the same main character in the sequel as you did in the first book. Change the plot but not the personality of the main character Use the same style of writing; like if you are rhyming, use the same rhyming pattern. Make sure the illustrator makes the main character look the same and uses the same illustration style.
* promise never to do something hurtful again
The Humane Society said 48 miniature Australian Shepherd dogs were living in squalid and inhumane conditions in a locked barn on Kenneth Martin Cassells’ property on W. 40th Drive, near Kickerville and Bay roads.
It surprises me, nearly a year later, that a blood test reveals the milk allergy may have dissipated. We are given a date to meet at the Children's Hospital of Philadelphia to partake in a milk challenge.
at the coming of the Son of Man.
4. any combination of the above
If you want to succeed in this business, particularly with the market so crowded and the industry so unstable, you're going to need every ounce of skill and diligence you can muster. So, before you commit anything to publication, go through every part of your book and ask yourself;
Do you know children who are well-loved? (I said well-loved, not perfectly loved.) I do. Great, sweet, wonderful honeys. Could there be anything quite so wonderful as the open love of children? Is it work for them? Does it seem difficult? Do they have to muster up the strength to do it or express it or receive it? Not in my experience. Rather, like most people of all ages, they soak it in like thirsty little sponges. Everyone loves to be loved!
A social scientist or professor of anthropology would provide answers to all these questions based on a myriad of factors, such as gentile influences, socio-economic elements and remoteness from Torah centers and Torah study.
Why Can’t This be Love
I hope your winter is going well. We miss you up here. I would be very happy to send you a nice photo of California springtime, to encourage you during these cold months, especially if you would be so kind as to help me get this job.
Even the planet attainment is a little.
with quivering knees
Bangle : Diva
I give you my love,
2 vats
My novel has been downloaded over 35,000 times in the last 5 years. People have told me they love it, that it’s brilliant and just like the classic SF of the golden era. Sometime in the next few weeks we’ll offer a self-published version of the book in hardcopy and for the Kindle. And I’m not so much a blockhead that I expect to actually sell copies of the thing. But I bet – I just bet – that somehow I’ll manage to be disappointed, nonetheless. Probably when I start getting complaints that the book is no longer free.
This is what I came up with
But here’s the best reason of all not to believe, to sit back and relax. Global warming is just the latest apocalyptic story. There is always someone, somewhere predicting the end of the world.
Therapist: You have the knee stitches to prove it was not, further, consenting adults don’t report.
Of course, not every allergic child can eat every one of these suggestions (mine are allergic to apples, grapes and carrots, for example), so it pays to press the parents for details to make sure they’ve mentioned all of their child’s trigger foods. I tend to forget the apple part and just tell other parents about the “big three,” dairy, eggs and corn. Then I whack myself on the forehead when the parent offers my kids juice, which 9 times out of 10 contains apples.
at the Staples Center in Los
Shine silver soft and burning bright
1 volatile
In announcing the rollout of his plan, Mitt has emphasized the reduction of tax breaks for the rich in order to widen the tax base while making the system fairer. This terminology is right out of the Democrats playbook, class warfare. Lets soak the rich so the rest of us can live off the government’s dime. His tax plan idea borrows heavily from the policies of the left, yet no one from the right is raising a stink. Why?
I feel for her. It must be hard to go from pharaoh to filthy peasant. And so, because I love her with a fierce and mysterious intensity, I have taken the liberty of enclosing a classified ad I hope will help her find just the right kind of environment to prepare her to fulfill her true destiny. We will miss her deeply. Well, her father and I will. The jury is still out on her big brother…
just. one. word.
* seeing brilliant colored lights or balls of colored light
One of the great things about homeschooling, is that we can streamline our children's education - keeping what we feel is important and/or useful and leaving out the busywork. However, what many people don't seem to understand is that busywork does not mean the same thing to everyone. What is busywork to one child is necessary for, or greatly enjoyed by, another. I've seen many people get offended by someone saying that 'X' is busywork, because 'X' is something they do a lot of & their kids enjoy or need. Just because 'X' is busywork for family A, that doesn't mean that it is also busywork for everyone else. Family B might find it quite useful.
Kawaii Fair, where cupcakes really do grow on trees, will be wrapping up this Saturday, which makes it the perfect time for a lag-free visit to pick up the exclusive Kawaii Fair items and the gifts…oh so many free gifts everywhere throughout the fair.
Soon we were running out of space and excuses for continuing to make them so I used my marketing skills to get them out there and now they sell quite well in various venues.
This non-evidence-based but pervasive biopsychosocial ideology is now being foisted on the unsuspecting people of Australia and New Zealand, because in May 2010 Aylward wrote a report for the Australasian Faculty of Occupational and Environmental Health (Realising the Health Benefits of Work: A Position Paper. Professor Sir Mansel Aylward CB; Director: Centre for Psychosocial Research and Disability Research, Cardiff University (the Centre being funded by the health insurance company UNUM Provident). In it, Aylward asserts:
soon ruled the room, and rent the scope.
As the band’s fame grew, Hollywood producers hired the Slickers as a specialty act for feature films, including Thank Your Lucky Stars and Variety Girl. Jones was set to team with Abbott and Costello for a 1954 Universal Pictures comedy, but when Lou Costello withdrew for medical reasons, Universal replaced the comedy team with look-alikes Hugh O’Brian and Buddy Hackett, and promoted Jones to the leading role. The finished film, Fireman, Save My Child, is a juvenile comedy that turned out to be Spike Jones’s only top-billed theatrical movie.
It makes me jealous, when girls around me have been with there guys for 3, 4, 5+ years. Some are getting promise rings, others are just getting more and more adorable with their men every minute. It's upsetting thinking that I've never had that, and who knows if I ever will. On top of being jealous, I have such high standards. Standards to which 99.9% of guys will never meet. Some days I wish that .1% man would just come save me from my breakup-induced sorrows, but apparently it's just not my time, yet.
Once we decided to try the Ferber Method, we decided to delay implementation for one more day so we could mentally prepare and be totally sure about it. Alex responded with another night of frequent wake-ups. Nevertheless, as Kate and I took turns trying to get him back to sleep, I felt a slight twinge of sadness knowing this phase of Alex's life was about to be phased out.
Kansas is big enough for the intensity of my emotions. She stares right back at me. She doesn’t feel sorry for me. She just lets me be.
“Chime,” Franny Billingsley (Dial Books; Bloomsbury)
Sam Kelly (English Democrats) 487 (11%)
To perish…
SEAN: Midnight purple. I always wanted a Plymouth Prowler that was midnight purple.
The house that you see on top, is the usual house that you will see the workers live in on these ranches.
10 years ago, almost to the day, I packed up my bags and headed for England. At the time I was married to my ‘practice’ wife (the first one), and I was accepting a job offer. Unlike most people in SA, I wasn’t leaving because of politics, or crime. I was leaving because I was offered a kick-ass job in London, with opportunities that were great for my career at the time.
I’ll take a look at these again in October and we’ll see what I definitely accomplish, then I’ll make new goals for the next year! How are you tracking and working to achieve your goals?
Personal information management (PIM): contacts, clock, calendar etc.
"Let me show you another cartoon that you will like."
Today, DAY ONE is APRIL 14th 2012.
I want to, I really, really want to run gushing with enthusiasm to my local gym...my heart full of desire for another push-up, my mind determined to make a million press-ups and my stomach burning and churning with the the thought of another crunch....but it's just not happening...I aspire to be one of those women who have a myriad of exercise outfits, that showcase abs of steel and arms that ripple rather than shake. I hope to talk the lingo, understand the equipment and the benefits .....But that hasn't happened and I have a feeling that it never will...it's just not me....I only care about my clothing after the session...trainers or louboutins...lycra or j brands?... I have a one track mind when it comes to labels .... adidas and nike just don't do it for me....I want someone (handsome preferably...) to set all the heavy duty machines for my workout and any in-between-when-I-have-caught-my-breath conversations I might have... well... body building chat just isn't my thing.....However often I go to the gym there is always some reluctance, a reticence and a secret dread. I know what is ahead of me...I know the pain and torture that I must will myself to endure but I also know that it is necessary...because unlike those gorgeous French girls...no gym means no good for me....I run up the stairs, like a good French girl...I walk and walk and walk, like a good French girl does...but somehow the genetics are against me...I am not finding that I have the cute little derriere that I would like or that same one that I see bustling along the Parisian boulevards or swishing along the cobblestone pathways in the local village....It is sad but true...To avoid a derriere of Montmartre proportions, I have to exercise and do the gym thing...
So says the Press sheet. Well, if new single ‘Fallout’ exhibits a ‘far broader, lighter sound’ I gotta get me some o’ dat earlier material!!
“You know, I didn’t expect you to follow through on that,” said Bernie with a note of respect.
4. There was something to that Golden Age, though. The heart sags to think of the local breweries and distilling traditions lost because the industry couldn't police itself. We had monastic breweries here in America, we had pot-stilled whiskey, we had flourishing wineries, and we had saloons that were opulent palaces of booze. All crushed, forcing us to start over from practically nil. Woe.
So what I have done is to give actual flesh to all these visions that took place early in the century. And when you do that, when you recognize that science can be based on the primacy of consciousness, then this deficiency isn’t there anymore.
The solar panel industry is still one where success is measured in the thousands of customers, not millions or billions, however, and despite its high-profile status in the news media, solar installers are still in a very niche business.
The convergence of these two trends—suppressed fires with more fuel—has now created conditions for a perfect storm of wildfires.
Tomorrow I'm running my first half marathon, yikes!! Actually tonight I a 5K with my little sister, if you run the 5K on Friday night and then the half or full marathon you accomplish what they call the "I-Challenge" and get an extra medal. Not something I would normally do since the half marathon is going to be hard enough, but it was my sister's first race ever, so of course I had to run it with her!
Only by optimizing, without having anything less!
Universiy generates a platform for people to grow as independent individuals. Many students that come to University have never lived on their own or fended for themselves. So its a enriched experience. With univerities focusing on the social aspect of the introduction to univeristy life it is no wonder that so many students turn to pub crawls and clubbing witin hours of unpacking. Universities set a week of activities and nighlife scenary, students spend a week getting drunk and keeping up with peers whilst being introduced to societies. Wih no parent supervision and many students being new to drinking, many consume over their limits.
"No," she told me. "It was ugly."
We stayed the night in Ein Mahil, a beautiful village in the hills near Nazareth. When we arrived at their home, Um Firas had a pot of stuffed grape leaves ready, and after dinner, their children (college age) took us on a walking tour of the town. They showed us the orchards and land that the people have managed to hang on to, thought most has been taken by Israel. The streets were particularly empty, yet filled with music, as we walked that night because most of the town was at a wedding a few roads up on the small mountain. We had breakfast with the family the next morning and from Ein Mahil, we left to Jerusalem, and then from there to Ramallah.
Antwerp, Belgium. Downtown Antwerp hosts Beer Passion Weekend, the distinctively Dutch festival that features over 200 beers, most of which are locally brewed in Flanders. The hand-crafted brews are paired with food from local restaurants, with live music rounding out the festivities. (June 29 – July 1)
So there you have it. Nice to look at, to be sure, but utterly useless to write with. I'm sure there has to be some way to salvage it: technically, all the parts are there, but we must be doing it wrong. Anyone who has ever taken off and put back an Olivetti carriage have any tips for us? In what order do the parts go back in? How does one keep the ball bearings safely in place, not having them spill out with each carriage return? Any videos/ pictures/ tutorials we could look at for help?
Unfortunately, its inattention prompted its demise.
but you could also start on a side seam if you wanted.
Merry -bleeping- Christmas! 20 more inches of the slop tonight. Snowed in. The idea of shoveling makes my blood boil. I hate the snow! Then the snowplow driver came by asking for a donation and I hit him over the head with my shovel. The wife says I have a bad attitude. I think she's a fricking idiot. If I have to watch "It's A Wonderful Life" one more time, I'm going to stuff her into the microwave.
My own research has made it clear that Paul and the campaign need to address this issue. They need to address it very well if Paul is going to retain skeptical voters. Where might they start?
- Competition of the civilization reached its peak with the use of nuclear weapons.
She stood and glowed on the keep of the castle, her locks and winds in close embrace,
(2011) Superhero (Warner Brothers) Ryan Reynolds, Blake Lively, Peter Sarsgaard, Mark Strong, Michael Clark Duncan, Geoffrey Rush, Tim Robbins, Angela Bassett, Jay O. Sanders, Temeura Morrison, Jon Tenney, Taika Waititi, Clancy Brown, Salome Jens, Warren Burton. Directed by Martin Campbell
People visiting the wilderness in mountain should avoid contact with wild animals, especially if they’re sick or dead, avoid camping by animal burrows, and treat pets for fleas or leave them at home.
But I do have to admit a large part of it probably has to do with the fact that the first ad is, to a certain extent, about me but not for me (girls will totally sex up a guy with a non-flakey head!), while the second ad is, to about the same extent, both about and for me (girls, tampons will make all your life's travails conveniently vanish!). I wonder if there are gentlemen out there, similarly given to pointless analysis, who rankle at the idea of a tampon-powered psychic serial killer cornering them after she brutally dispatches all the other perfectly nice girls. The boy in the commercial doesn't seem to mind, but then again, neither do the bitey towel girls in the shower-seraglio foursome.
Get lucky.
There is also a new BOOBs challenge called Back to Basics that Gilly is gracious enough to host. You don't have to be going to Chicago to win, you can be there is spirit. I think this in an EXCELLENT opportunity to reconnect to the basic rules of the band. Especially for those of us that have had a band for some time now. While some rules become second nature, others fall by the wayside so easily.
Theres a reason this Doctor is often at the top of everyones list. Doesnt hurt that he had some of the best scripts of the series.
Cleave’s Almshouses
I was there when you had your laptop background picture of 'Cheryl' in my mothers own family house. I was there sitting on the table when my grandmother was so in tears that my auntie had to translate from Chinese to English. "We trusted her with you. We trusted you! How could you do this to her?" My grandmother hates you. She says that my mother has a big heart, too big of a heart. You take advantage of that. It's true, you do. If you can't, you just create drama. With me. With my younger sister. You thrive off it.
"but, I want to", answered Heart
"...on the old dresser you can see a little collection of my favourite personal preciousness - jewelry, parfum, treasure chest...
It's too bad that Smith didn't mention the role of NoLandGrab, which is a comprehensive compilation, with commentary and analysis, of nearly every scrap published related to the Atlantic Yards issue.
Then thanks for all you do.
If you’re reading this on Thanksgiving Day, I want to encourage you to express verbally to someone today your gratitude for the provisions and blessings of Almighty God on your life. If this is a post-Thanksgiving Day reading, do it today and begin to cultivate a thankful spirit.
To know you're never really gone
Betsy and I have been to Bald River Falls, near Tellico Plains, Tennessee, several times. The waterfall is pretty and can be seen from the road. We went to see Bald River Falls in June, 2010, while Betsy was recovering from knee surgery since she could enjoy the waterfall without doing much walking.
Rnd 10) Knit 1, knit 2 together around
But such observations are just that. Is there any way to quantify them?
The Moral of the Story:
So, you want to know a little about me, huh? I was born almost five years ago and tell my mom daily I am going to be five soon. I do know that means presents, cake, and whatever I want to eat on my special day. I know my mom breastfed me (kind of weird I know), and I never wanted or took a bottle. I sat up at six months because I wanted to play with all my toys. I started walking around about fourteen months because I needed to get to the things I wanted! I do talk but it is not what my mom considers "perfect" yet. But, I try to remind her we are working on it together so have a little patience with me. I am getting it. I go to my preschool three days a week, learn and play with all my friends. Oh, this is me ready to go this morning...
This month we have a super cute and fun pets set and then we have a darling, little girl set. I have given you a few sneak peeks throughout last week, but today you get to see the full sheet of images for BOTH sets!
MICHEAL'S RECOLLECTIONS WHITE CARD STOCK
My relationship with groups is ever fraught with angst, but this group more than most because I went from being its de facto leader to only attending an occasional meeting, a change that didn’t occur because I was a happy camper. Yet, I attend no other group; I know most of the people in this one; and I do retain some semblance of status and familiarity. I got the feeling today that I could step back into a leadership role, and people would welcome me, and that was good to know, but, then again, maybe they were just being polite. Part of why I’m so tormented about groups is that I have no faith in my perceptions. Other people seem as alien to me as if they were from another planet, which is one reason that my blog is so important. Here, I can share feelings that I share nowhere else, not even with Peggy (although she reads my blog).
Another major theme was the inequality in our current tax code. He used Warren Buffet’s secretary as a political prop to showcase this inequality in person. His argument goes that the rich need to be paying their fair share. Which to him means at least a 30% tax rate. Under the current system, Obama complains that Warren only pays a 15% tax rate.
Happy Birthday from ElizaPresley.org
However, not everyone can keep from thinking negative thoughts about others. Although we are imperfect, we can prevent from hurting others by being attentive to what comes out of our mouths… And what goes on inside our heads.
So when Dave the PM you didn't quite elect announces he is going to put a stop to the health and safety culture one gets the feeling he is reaching out to the Daily Mail who can't even say the phrase without mocking it.
Here's a little bit more about the awards from the Completely Novel website:
We have therefore appointed you today to be high priest of your nation; you are to be called the King’s Friend, and you are to look after our interests and preserve friendship with us.”
His Grace-Filled Prose
that my day. Hope yours was a good one. I am off to bed. I hope to go to church tomorrow. I miss my friends.
This looks like a great research project to follow-
Scooter = 5 bucks
When the last dregs of our creative juices are drained, Dad oversees the vacuum patrol while I pour cocoa into generous mugs. We spread our handiwork on the floor around us and sit, quietly admiring our work while we dunk marshmallows and sip rich chocolate.
is so... profound and so ancient, and I felt naive in my
The final part is due out 1st May.
In the Colossians and 1 Thessalonians passages I referenced in the previous post, we are encouraged to give thanks in all things and in every circumstance. This seems like a simple enough concept. Still, I pose the question: Why? Why should we, as the children of God, always give thanks?
He abounds in love and compassion
In fact, a FMT analysis of the April 28 fracas had questioned if “Bersih had walked into a BN trap” given the perception that the BN coalition and Pakatan Rakyat are inseparable.
Good Morning Crafty People,
At the Oregon Brewers Festival at the waterfront the Reggae Junkie Gruit will be making it's return after more than a year passed between when we produced the last batch. We liked it a lot the first time and plan on using the same recipe which blends Sichuan peppercorns, lemongrass, hyssop and bitter orange peel in place of the usual hops. It's a quenching and light beer that should be perfect for the event and the heat of late July.
Half of Cheesetown assumed that police warnings to stay off the roads after 3pm, meant they should stay at home all day. The schools announced they were closing at noon. Network Rail was cancelling trains faster than the information boards could signal the news. But my office was OPEN.
How about that Sylvia was recently interviewed as an aviation expert for an upcoming segment on ... well, I don't know if that's public knowledge right now, but I can say you'd recognize the venue. You just can't beat promotion like that!
A lively novel about a down-to-earth New York City girl who suddenly finds herself in a rock 'n' roll Cinderella fantasy, The Rock Star in Seat 3A is seasoned with Jill Kargman's signature wit and hilarious dialogue. This is a fairy-tale romance with a twist.
Flour a finger and poke it into the dough. If the hole doesn't close up, the dough is ready for shaping. Gently press out the air and form the dough into a ball again, tucking in the sides at the bottom. Divide into 6 portions. Shape each portion into a ball and place them in a baking tray always smooth side up. Cover with cling wrap and a wet cloth. Proof in the 45°C oven for 10 minutes.
Quran burnings at a U.S. military base in Afghanistan in February set off a wave of deadly protests and prompted an apology from Mr. Obama. Weeks later, a 38-year-old U.S. Army staff sergeant was accused of killing 17 Afghan civilians, most of them women and children. In April, photographs depicting U.S. troops posing with the bodies of dead Afghans were publicly circulated, reminiscent of images released in January showing U.S. troops urinating on Afghan corpses.
As The Houston Planner, I can educate you in this area, but also I can help you with Infertility, Pre conception, Pre natal, Post partum information. If you are adopting, I can also provide you with a wealth of information, and with all phases I can teach you the A to Z of Baby Care, and it is a very intense educational experience. I won't bore you with what I can do, just remind you to carefully read my Web sight. Also make a mental note that I can design the nursery and will assist you in making all your choices for your new baby.
In its report, the CQC said its main concerns were persistently high mortality rates, a poor care environment, inadequate arrangements to treat children, poor nursing care, breaches of infection control standards and a lack of leadership at both board and ward level.
Apologize and face the consequences. Do not justify what you did, unless asked. But before you go to the person you betrayed, give yourself time. Never apologize if you’re not emotionally ready. Saying sorry unprepared may lead to aggravation. The other person may get angry, and you may instinctively end up defending yourself.
Now I just have to remind myself that one unplanned day of rest from working out is not going to ruin my race this Saturday...darn those mind battles...especially for those of us who are so stuck on routines and planning. :) As my friend told me after I told her about my break "It's good to listen to your body...it might help you to be refreshed before your race."
But I'm taking this term off to work on the above list alone because honestly, I don't think I could easily handle everything on that list while frantically trying to get papers in on time and all that other stuff that comes with college classes.
ASKING FOR HELP
FarmSlut “I don’t want you to regret this.”
Homeland is a Showtime television series that has completed its first season. There are no spoilers here as I have not seen the whole run, yet. It is a political show that plays like a detective show. It is exciting but ultimately hackneyed and going nowhere.
makes 1 martini, but easy to scale
Enter your email address to follow this blog and receive notifications of new posts by email.
“A lot of conservative readings tend to ignore this part of the story.”
Coriander seeds - 1 tablespoon
It is intended if the possibility exists. What kind of doctor implants 8 embryos at once into a clearly functioning womb knowing full well that the mother is not going to selectively terminate any of them and that she already has six children under 7 at home?
That Was Then
The moon comes up at six o’clock,
Unwind ya mind
Here are some tips and insights to help you understand more about delivering quality within your organisation:
Finding Joy in the Journey~
When Karl Marx was a boy
Now she's starting to sound like a kettle boiling.
So sugar is ubiquitous in the standard American diet (SAD). The food like substances from convenience stores, fast food stops, and even upscale restaurants are usually loaded with either sugar or HFCS.
Press Release Date:
The People Serving People rooftop garden is making ripples in the system far beyond their walls and in many areas:
Could another bike be catching up behind me? Did one of the skateboard have an engine?
ugh- some young punks moved in next door today, where the older people lived. I didn't even see them move out! I was standing in the bedroom, trying to figure out why Bosco and Fiona were going crazy, and I hear this "Hey"... mind you I'm not even in the doorway, but in the actual bedroom. UGH- intrusive neighbors. He informed me they just moved in. I said nice and retreated further into the house. There was three guys and a chick. My age, about. Smokers. REDNECKS.
I am hoping that getting through today, past the 2 month milestone will get me out of this mood I am in. It is such a downer feeling that, thankfully, I have not had to experience much but when it comes, it hits hard!
Thank you for all of your lovely messages. I have read every single comment, email and tweet and appreciate them all.
God has stored up for you
Most of us are programmed from conception with cellular ghosts from our ancestors and even more from our parents. Encoded in these cells are imprints of our ancestors lives. Their joys, fears, opinions, financial status, careers, education and spiritual beliefs. Now we’re not completely reprogrammed from our ancestors, but there are small ghost imprints that linger in us. So when I look at my thighs and wish for Julia Roberts’ thighs, I’m actually battling my grandmother, my aunt Lou, and my aunt Jean.
It seems clear that, if Scottish football had its way, a “Rangers” would stay in the SPL. Financial interests trump morals. As a wise man once said “Principles are nice, but who pays for them!” Another wise man of my acquaintance said “You can’t eat principles!”
1. the act or practice of tolerating; esp. : sympathy or indulgence for beliefs or practices differing from one’s own 2: capacity for enduring or adapting (as to a poor environment) 3: the allowable deviation from a standard (as of size).
I stay so booked up with wedding cakes that it's a rare occasion that I get to do a birthday cake anymore. There are times when I'm under booked, or I owe a favor to one of the many wedding vendors that help me from time to time and I get to do one.
The result? In only hours we had so much cute it puts cute to shame.
The life in question is that of Piscine Molitor Patel (Pi for short) a mild-mannered Indian teenager, living, at the story’s outset, with his family in Pondicherry, India, where his father manages a zoo. He is, fittingly enough as it turns out, named after a swimming pool, the fateful significance of water established early in his existence. In sharp contrast to his rambunctious older brother Ravi, Pi is a quiet, shy, thoughtful, even unusual child who has confounded his thoroughly secular and forward-looking parents by, quietly and thoughtfully (and, more problematically for the religious elders, simultaneously) adopting Hinduism, Christianity and Islam as his religions of choice. As his disgruntled father says, at one point, “he seems to be attracting religions the way a dog attracts fleas.” Considering what lies ahead, three religions seem barely adequate.
Crisp Fried Artichoke and Lemon Wheels with Spiced Fennel salt
I'll start with defining the terms and being as open minded and understanding as possible, then have at whatever is left. Sound fair?
Perfect Chocolate Chocolate Cake Recipe:
These shadows had a nice, soft, velvety texture that I liked. It did swatch a bit crumbly because of how soft they are, but I usually apply my shadows with makeup brushes anyway and they apply much smoother that way.
These days, the recommendation is that you have 3-6 months worth of salary just in case. It means if you lose your job, or want to change and walk away from the job, you feel safer.
This question was posed to Jonathan's birth grandfather, who was the individual that had relinquished Jonathan to the orphanage. When asked why he had turned his grandson to the orphanage, he recounted how one day he and his wife were approached by Luoning County Civil Affairs officials. They started the conversation by observing that if he and his wife were having any troubles raising their grandson, that the officials could help arrange for their grandson to be taken to the orphanage, and the orphanage would help raise him. "If your grandson goes into the orphanage," they were promised, "he will get a good education and get a good job." Jonathan would later tell us that it wasn't until 2009, just before he was adopted to the United States, that his grandparents learned that he would be leaving Luoyang. At no point during the "pitch" did the Civil Affairs officials notify him or his grandparents that he would be leaving China, and when his birth family learned of that fact two years later, they were extremely worried and upset.
Born in 1976 in Dallas, Texas, Amy Acker was destined for show-business from a young age. She spent her childhood studying ballet, modern dance and jazz dance, but knee surgery in high school forced her to abandon that path and turn to acting.
I saw my first pack searcher last week.
A couple of months later, Raina noticed Laila had stopped taking her phone calls and was really cold to her. For months she didn’t know what the problem was, they never talked or hung out or did anything together, they basically weren’t friends anymore. As far as she knew she hadn’t done anything and Raina was sure if she had Laila would say something. Tired of asking and forcing the friendship, Raina gave up and let things go.
And as we walked through this obscenity, a swarm of people burst into the compound.
And maybe this Tri book’s a thing
Delhi is smelly! We spent day one avoiding being conned (just about) it took 2 hours to get to the correct place to get tickets for a train! Then we got lost in the land of no tourists and ate some seriously good street food… had chai in the backstreets and a vegetarian feast in the evening. Our hotel might have been a little above our budget level…. but it was worth it for a cool place with helpful staff.
But Ambiga’s calls also brought out the professionals the hardcore saboteurs who dreamt of regime change and the provocateurs who simply wanted chaos and trigger a mass protest that could eventually lead to the toppling of a democratically-elected government.
But of course, it never works quite like that. I’ve been worrying about my current work-in-progress – for which I wrote not one word last week - am I on target (no), is it any good (hmm), can I settle down and concentrate on it sometime (hope so)? I’ve been vaguely angsting about what comes next – can I even come up with more ideas? And as always I’ve been attempting to balance my writing life with the demands of family and other work. In fact (it's midnight) I must go and clean the kitchen.
But we must consider this point especially at this juncture, for it will be of no small profit. For if friendship towards Christ will be sufficient in the case of any for the dignity of freedom and the being no longer called slaves, how could He be a slave except as made and created, according to the thoughtlessness of some? For He is not able to allot the honour of freedom to all others, while His own Nature is bereft of this attribute. For I suppose He must appear in possession of it more than all the rest, for then will He most suitably give to those who have it not the blessing that is His own. But the dignity must be conferred on and given to the holy Apostles, or perhaps also to all others who mount up through faith to the friendship that is towards our Lord Jesus Christ, as by way of honour, but not existing in like manner with that enjoyed by Him. For they, mounting up by their likeness to Him to the glory of liberty, would display by this that which naturally belongs to Him alone. For that which is by position is compared with that which is by nature.
died or where she is buried. She remains the most fascinating person I have ever written about.
Four months later and Wall Street is inflamed
“Yeah? Ok. Who’s that?” asked the blond man with a raised eyebrow.
Every two years or so comes a new expansion. When a new expansion is released, less and less players frequent the previous expansions zones. This causes a decrease in supply of materials, or mats, that are needed to level peoples professions up to par with current content. The trend of previous expansions has been to either add new races or new classes with the new content, such as the Blood Elves / Draenei in TBC, Death Knights in WOTLK, and now Panderans in the upcoming MoP. When new, shiny things are released, people play with them. People level new toons, sometimes to level ten, other times to the level cap. When people do get their new characters to the cap, they begin doing all the fun things that end game WoW offers, including professions. Very few people level their professions while leveling their toons, and will focus on it more at max level. With the decrease in supply of old expansion mats, you can almost be guaranteed that their is a huge demand for people looking to craft things from previous content or level their professions. What I have for you today is an easy way to cash in with enchanting off of this large demand for old content mats.
"It hurts a lot. More than any coast-to-coast American tours, or playing to huge crowds in Pairs-- both of which we've done--what I'd really like to do is play in England,and prove something. It's like I've always had a bad deal in England. Right through my school years I had a really hard time. Then I started doing what I really wanted and believed in, and once again England gave me the cold shoulder. We do have a real drive to go back there, and say "See what you've been missing!"
She's afraid. She's been hurt too many times, lost too many people she loves, and she doesn't want to hurt anymore. She's lost her mother, her father, her best friend, and now Victoria - four people she loved dearly, and she's terrified of losing more. We had a long talk about that today. She feels like she's somehow responsible for all of these deaths. That's a completely irrational thought, and she knows that, but we all know feelings can be irrational sometimes - especially when you're 13 and the world is still a pretty tough place to make sense of. So we sat under the oak tree and talked about everything that's happened. We talked about life, and death, and everything in between. We cried a few tears. We took a long walk along the path that winds through the cemetery, then we sat down under the oak tree again and talked some more. It was the longest and deepest talk we've had in a long time. Everything that's been on her mind poured out like a flood. It was good to finally get her to talk about it.
The dress has a deep plunge neckline with a high back neckline, giving the impression of a halter neck, but without the exposed back. The bodice sits on a full gathered skirt and the dress is lined in a vibrant red lining. Heart breaking stuff. I have finished it off with a a contrasting belt which ties at the front. The dress looks great but I am biased, how about you, do you like it and would your wear it.
Every couple has differences they head butt on from time to time. We are not excused from that reality here at the Pond. Sad, but very, very real.
small carton of double or whipping cream
Don't you get it, man? The answer is NO!
The team’s winning season was once again coached by Lyndsy Shuman, with assistance this year from Ellen Parent.
some things you cannot understand
2. Usain Bolt False Start – This was not a good year for the 100 meters, as nearly half of my “Disappointments” have to do with this event. When was the last time a favorite showed up for a Major 100 final and false started out of the race? Way back in 1996 when Linford Christie false started out of the Atlanta final. I was disappointed then too.
As mentioned above, we researched and became familiar with the jingle dance as a family. Not just the day at the powwow, speaking with many of the participants, but also on trips to the National Museum of American Indian.
3) Pick your container(s)
I couldn't believe it. What Mick told me was almost an exact replica of what Marge had done to me. Only with Mick it was worse as Marge had been slyly giving him dirty needles over a period of time and pretending they were from the clean pack. Where I had wizened to the trick Mick hadn't and had unknowingly been shooting up with dirty needles every time Marge was about Aghast I told Mick my tale. That's when it went really strange. Rather than wishing he was me, I saw he wished I was him. That it wasn't fair I'd escaped with my health and he hadn't. And in his eyes was a look of revenge. One less violent and more calculated, and one I suspect he will exact on someone other than Marge.
There is a long back story but bluntly put. I may not get the Miracle I want because I was the miracle for someone else... Oh and be nice to your husband he really really loves you :)
Marijuana is the most common illegal drug found in “impaired drivers and crash victims involved in ‘drugged driving’ accidents,” according to the Alcohol Drug Abuse Help & Resource Center website. The drug interferes with the cerebellum, which is the part of the brain that controls coordination, according to the center’s website. Legalizing this drug will do nothing more then increase the number of DUIs and fatal car accidents, as if Arizona needs higher numbers in that department.
“no, Plaintiffs do not have a fundamental right to produce and consume the foods of their choice…”
Again with the unflattering screen caps. Robin did…kind of good. I could at least understand her, even if her delivery wasnt very great. It also helps that she looked really pretty, but she does most of the time anyway.
June 15, 2012: Register now for the 6th annual women in STEM conferece, Engage, Inspire, Connect and Collaborate, on June 15th at The Conference Center at Mercer County College, West Windsor, NJ.
At some point after my second sip of good hot tea, felt a little bit of a giggle coming on.
Or I could pack some more.
Canon: The source material.
I absolutely love this video.
(Flux, an imprint of Llewellyn Worldwide Ltd.)
Despite how much the staff may care about him and want to help, the tests and treatments that he needs are not available to him in Romania, and that is why we began pursuing an international medical visa almost one year ago. It took an entire year to get everything straightened out with both the Romanian and American hospitals, and to help his parents to understand his condition and what is available to him abroad. We thought we had everything figured out, but after two ten hour round-trip visits to Bucharest this week, Raul has been denied a medical visa. The reasons they gave being, 1: they did not believe we would bring him back despite signed legal documents, and 2: the parents do not qualify for visas to the U.S., and somehow that means Raul does not either even though they will not be traveling with him.
Were you always an active person growing up? What other activities do you enjoy besides barre?I have always been very active! I grew up playing soccer and running cross country and track. Until discovering the barre n9ne method, my main exercise was running! I ran competetively for years, and after I stopped that it remained my go to exercise!
Qualities: Cold, Moist
I'm not sure if I could go back to that.
This coming weekend is good for celebrating in the Ferry family. We have a day to celebrate my husband, Jacob’s, birthday.
Shortly after Mbeggi’s return, all hell broke loose and in typical African fashion, the current despot was violently deposed. Jean Bertrand Aristide, the Marxist priest and Haitian dictator was offered safe haven and has been luxuriating in South Africa ever since. As official guest-in-perpetuity of the ruling ANC regime, the parasite Aristide is costing South Africa millions of rands per month, with no end in sight. What exact value this murderous former dictator is contributing to the country as a whole, or the Marxist regime in particular, is not clear. What is abundantly clear is that he is a political soul mate of the ruling clique.
Only then, the seeming irresistible force of a mathematically modeled curve met the immovable object of something called reality. The much-feared "S-curve" that crushes the fantasies of the naive... those whose simple-eager projections fuel doomed asset bubbles!
- Free diabetes and blood pressure screenings
I have enjoyed our local zoo since Renee's first trip at five months old. Our pass allows us to come and go as often as we want, and we always have lunch at various places in the zoo. Today, Kristen and I sat on a park bench looking out over the African Savanna. I think I was more excited today to take her because I cherish it so much with her. I will never get over the fact that the things I thought we lost at her birth are so part of our life...so normal...so wonderful...and so much more rich because of our journey. A simple trip with her to the zoo is celebrated. She was so animated at every thing we saw, and her excitement and smiles are truly extremely contagious. She walked by my side and wanted nothing to do with holding my hand. "I am five" she tells me. Apparently, holding hands is for little kids. So, I made it clear if you walk by me I will not have to hold your hand. That kid stuck right by my side. Those simple things in life make me so happy and proud now.
The Sec hybrid was killed by Dalek Thay.
· 0.5oz Red Grapefruit Juice
Just my thoughts on the matter. Yours?
I did get a little crafting done the day after Christmas. I've had this box for a year and I knew what I wanted to do with it as soon as I got it, but I just hadn't taken the time. It was painted blue and cream and had light houses painted all over it. So I took it to the garage and painted the oval box white and the lid a flat black.
Electric Prunes - Too Much To Dream
*** Bonus points if you can find a Conservative blogger calling for justice regarding RoboCon, without them also suggesting it was people/party for who there is no evidence to support an accusation, let alone a suspicion.
I wish I could summarize it all with... "And here is our clear answer."
Materials: Cotton yarn, 1 skein of worsted weight, F crochet hook, 1 stitch marker.
I hope Ronan is not damaged by this experience, unforunately, history warns otherwise...but whatever, the genie is already out of the bottle and come this weekend, Ronan's life will change forever. Whether it's a good or bad experience being a 12 year old star in today's music industry, only time will tell. But as an industry insider I have serious reservations about what is about to happen to Ronan Parke and I doubt he or his family are ready for what's coming.
Loaded up the slingshot and let one fly
These two dresses are from TJ Maxx. The purple dress was $14.99, and the grey was $16.99. TJ Maxx is sooo nice when you are on a budget like me. We had another blizzard two days ago. I can't wait for the snow to melt and the weather to go back to normal so I can wear these!
Yes, I could leave magic more free form. It was going to be like that, not really taking center stage. But magic and the societal laws regarding it both make a big difference in what happened in the past to the wizard, what happened to the girl, and what will happen in the future to both of them and the society they live in. The wizard will have to use magic, and magic will get used against them. Which means now I really have to define it.
+Worldwide exposure to your work through our blogs and online idea gallery
Do you know what? Fuck it. I've changed my mind. I'm not going.
But, right, back to the food: the steamed egg was enhanced with dashi, a clear broth made with seafood from lobster to shrimp - and topped with deliciously fresh peas and bite sized chunks of tiger prawns. Simple, clean and delicious. I could have done without the split pea soup, which I was advised to pour over the egg - to me it was too heavy and its taste drowned out the delicate flavors of the chawan-mushi. But, that's all part and parcel of risk-taking - sometimes it works and sometimes it doesn't, but it keeps things interesting and I'm still glad to have tried it.
In any case, he claimed once again, to be "Behind the Eight Ball".
Goede Doel Alles geprobeerd NL
Painted Cryx battlegroup
I've gotta' tie the grey together with the walls, right? Fyi, painting stripes on an orange-peel textured wall is a b!$@#. Turned out kind of imperfect, but that's okay. Just like me, eh? ;-) You can see the replacement light fixture here, too. We also did new brushed nickel towel bar and toilet paper holders.
Oh, and no cast. I got out to the cast clinic and talked to the cast tech. I told him I didn’t want a cast if I could avoid it, and after looking at the file, the date of injury, and assessing my range of motion and level of apparent pain he opted for giving me a sling and reccomending I tread lightly and “Don’t do anything that hurts.”
I found a great pattern and tutorial over at fleetingthing. It was really easy to follow with lots of pictures and detailed steps, and the pair I made turned out pretty well.
These voxes really tested my knowledge and skills as a journalist as well as stamina and productivity. After having done them, I felt really proud because I had passed another test that proved me being an experienced journalist. I was named a voxpert (vox + expert) as a result by the BBC.
Welcome to the NBA. As I watch Carmelo’s first NBA home game not played in Denver, Colorado, I’m reminded of how this league works: players come and go. And that is why fans today have become less team based and more player oriented. Is it our fault when we fall in love with a Tracy McGrady while following the Magic, then root for him when he’s wearing a Rockets or Pistons jersey? Or follow KG into Boston, after watching him toil for years in Minnesota?
Perhaps it was Thursday night: Survivor Night. When everyone crowded into the living room: Dad on the chaise, Katherine mid-couch, Mum in the edge seat, and me on the rocking chair. When we would all guess who was getting voted off, and never brush our teeth before we saw next week’s preview. The cat would get catnip, and the sit with us; and we would all hear the ghosts running up and down the stairs, and opening many of the 37 drawers.
Naturally this gentlemen is entitled to his view. However, those of us who, like Winston Churchill and Enoch Powell, desire to preserve Britain's racial integrity as well as prevent our island from becoming a collection of mutually antagonistic communities, with the propensity for ethnic conflict on a huge scale, are also surely deserving of the right to articulate and broadcast our grave concerns?
05 Moonage Daydream
and water them in the kitchen sink.
It’s been four years since the Vernon Gholston debacle. Some might say the Jets have wised up and are done with the embarrassments, while some might say they are due. So I ask fellow Jets fans, are you guys feeling confident tonight?…
Yeah, so I’ve got my work cut out for me. I’m confident that I can do this. To break it down:
Where they now add up to that
Further details will follow as and when. Hope to see you there.
October 2 Mercury Lounge - New York, NY (w/ hymns)
I think my closet vomited on me this morning. How else to explain this disaster? I thought I was being funky with the yellow pumps and hot pink belt. At least it was too hot for me to have added further disaster like a red scarf and green jacket.
so come on and let’s wash each other with tears of joy and tears of grief
and in not expecting the blessing.
incandescence
Question 1:
You can also stretch and move around - and boy, are you fast and active! We can only hear your heartbeat for a few seconds before you're off and on the move, baby. You're definitely going to be an active little one!
I looked over the books in our house and the books Bonnie has reviewed online. Bad news. We don't have enough animal books. I did find a few, if you call a goose an "animal," but I am not sure the animals in these books are the main characters. Here's what we had on shelves I could reach:
** Excludes gratuities and alcoholic beverages. Children ages 3-9 must order from the children’s menu if available. Some table-service restaurants may have limited or no availability at time of package purchase.
So now it's up to a public vote to decide the winner. Here's the bit where I grovel ;-)
Immigrant workers who lose their jobs because of E-Verify, many with US citizen family members, will be forced to find other means of providing for their families. Many of these workers will resort to the underground cash economy, where they will be even more vulnerable to exploitation and abuse. Arizona, which enacted a mandatory E-Verify law in 2008, saw a large growth in its cash economy and a 13% drop in its income tax revenues that year. Requiring E-Verify nationwide will drive even more workers underground and further drive down wages and tax revenues.
I hope you are well. It's March. We are dreaming of Spring.
The first clue that something was amiss reached me as I worked in my office. A tendril of charring snaked into the room and coiled up my nose. The mom alarm in me spazamed, and I ran from the room to find the billowing burrito. Did you know that if you fricassee one of those they become weightless? Really. And they turn blacker than the heart of a demon. I know, I checked. Don't ask how that is so another post.
15-year-old Ian Cheevers sends out a mass email to get people to boycott eating at a local fast food restaurant for just one day after watching a documentary called "STUFFED" about the chain in question. This book is about that and the ensuing results of that action.
(15) a shovel
Is 53:4,5,6 Surely He has borne our griefs, and carried our sorrows,; yet we esteemed Him stricken, smitten by God and afflicted. But He was wounded for our transgressions, He was bruised for our iniquities; the chastisement of our peace was upon Him; and with His stripes we are healed. All we like sheep have gone astray; we have turned, every one to his own way; and the Lord has laid on Him the iniquity of us all.
The Meadow Fairy
Living pecks us.
As we were walking out the door, I looked back over my shoulder and noticed a few employees gathering in the bathroom where I left my destruction.
I went to the hospital since it was a small town and there was only one GP who was a creepy bastard who made you take off your shirt so he could 'listen' to your chest when you were in to get a repeat of the pill.
Said goodbye to Katarina’s ma and pa. Paid for tonight. Will catch 7am catamaran ferry to Split. Need to finish off the bieljo vino from last night.
I treated the water with CRS and DLS to get the levels just right.
OK, it's one of those Golden Giveaway ads with a card I'll probably never get (because all get out of that stupid thing are fake coins). But good on Dennis for knowing that -- for me -- yes, this is a Dodger card, too.
Although Igor Sikorsky is the name of someone associated with Applicant -- a factor that would normally weigh in favor of the PTO's position -- the Board questioned “whether this reflects current use as a surname by anyone in the United States or current perception of the term as a surname."
It’s slow progress at the moment up at the allotment, every time I have a spare hour to nip up there it’s been raining. So far I’ve planted a few rows of potatoes and a double row of broad bean plants. But with the asparagus crowns arriving this morning I had to get up there come rain or shine and thankfully dodged the showers this afternoon.
Björk fans are often derided for their seemingly fervent adulation of the pop star, but testaments such as these from Sara, Grig, and Brent Berry go a long way toward illuminating that which is the magic of Björk.
4. The final glaze is a lot runnier than the paint, and VERY drippy. Plus, when it drips and then dries, it adheres to the paint coat so if you try to remove the drip it pulls off all the paint too! I think this can definitely be avoided easily, you just have to be careful (especially with the doors, since you don't know if there are drips until you turn them over). It's just something to be aware of!
I left then. I would’ve loved to see Mike Watt, but I really was too tired. Leaving at this point had the bonus of me not needing to get a taxi all weekend, though, which cut the cost of the thing enormously.
But that can come later.
I would be interested in knowing if you can think of any other restaurants that jump out to you as catering to more of a male or female clientele.
Here we are proud to present our making of his muscular body!
Kill me.
I love this story, though I still feel bad for my own turtle.
keeping in mind i have combo-oily skin, this lasts all day on me...if the weather isn't humid. once it starts getting humid or hot out i get VERY oily and it starts to break down on me quick. i already know i wont be able to wear this during the summer as it will slide off my face. in the fall/winter it will be no problem, i will just have to blot halfway throughout my day like i normally do.
I've had papers picked and Hollyday Gwen from Some Odd Girl mostly colored since January; I was supposed to be making my BF a Valentine's Day card. I couldn't figure out how I wanted to color the dress or how I wanted to lay out the papers and stamp! SO... maybe I'll give it to him as a surprise over the weekend. I tried something different when coloring Gwen. I was thinking about how I'm pretty yellow under my brown, and tried coloring her skin in one of the yellows (I think it was Y04.) before I went in with the normal browns. I think it came out nice!
I recently saw a friend’s Facebook status which read: “Two guys around my age were standing behind me in line for the bus. They were looking at a New York Post that had a cover about Gaddafi being killed. I heard one of them say, “Man, who is this guy anyway? Is he like, famous?” I don’t want to live on this planet anymore.”
Call for councils to remove £1bn in pension funds from tobacco firms
I wish everyone a wonderful weekend! Thanks for reading and thanks for all of your encouragement!
All of that to say, I’ll be posting new music more often than just once a week. Enjoy this new band called Tanlines. Their album, Mixed Emotions, is currently streaming on NPR. They will be playing the Doug Fir on April 25th for $10, so go get tickets if you like them
Be sure to hop along to each of the participating blogs for an even bigger chance to win all of the products that you feel your dog would benefit from.
I received the award from Dandy over at dandylicioushair.blogspot.com she has a really awesome blog also, so please go on over and check her out if you haven't already! So, in order to accept this award I have to tell you five things that make me different from everyone else and then nominate another five blogs to receive the award also.
What did you lovelies get up to this Easter???
The Demented Man
C= Chocolate. You must include the color Chocolate (or other dark brown) somewhere on your artwork.
I can say that I’ve survived it all,
Biking and drinking throughout Minneapolis- now that is a great summer night! www.pedalpub.com
We were driving.
i) Writing- I would advise my younger self to sit down every day and write something, anything, so over time I would get used to writing every day and it wouldn’t be the chore that it is now, plus the practice would turn me into a multi-skilled author over the years, so by the time I reach this age, I would be a bestselling writer with numerous classic titles to my name, and film offers flying through my letterbox, plus chicks hanging off every limb of my body. Because there is nothing more that gets the ladies going than a writer. Forget film stars and football players, we all know that every girl’s ambition is to bag themselves a writer. Writers are cool.
I recall on one particular occasion the brief entailed a cover shot of a ‘soon to be launched’ new truck outside a spectacular façade.
Stamford House was designed by architect Raj Bidwell in the Venetian Renaissance architectural style and was built by Regent Alfred John Bidwell in 1904. Mr Seth Paul’s retail firm Whiteaway Laidlaw & Co operated their business there till 1910 when the building was then known as Oranje Building.
After a cold soba lunch, we walked through the town again and I went for a Shinshu blonde ale. This was pretty tasty: a good combination of bitter and smooth.
We stopped to take a little walk along the way. We saw tons of butterflies on this trip, they were especially thick here. Somebody had spilled something sweet by the dock and there were dozens of butterflies attracted to it. By the time we were back from our little walk, most of the butterflies had gone.
After a wedding, a Hawaiian honeymoon, the holidays, and an exciting school year (that's almost at its finish line), I'm back! I couldn't be more ready to get back to supplying all your party, house, and fun surprise needs. I'm even pondering (ok, more like SERIOUSLY considering) dipping my toes into the home decoration business. There is nothing that makes my heart happy than a good before and after. I promise to keep you posted.
And to us, the Writer Beware team of Rich White, Victoria Strauss and myself, the most exciting part of this special task force is that we've been asked to be part of it!
State House seat 82 covers Whitley and part of Laurel County.
I also had the honor of being one of the judges in the Styles by Danielle “Make May Shimmer” contest for Mirette and I want to congratulate Jamee Sandalwood.
8)When we tell them to buzz off, their sweet talk is instantly replaced by curses and we hear stuff like
Cherise from Sewingly Along is in the process of creating a Favourite Things Quilt and has shared her progress with us. These blocks are so beautiful Cherise. I can't wait to see the finished project. You've given me a lot of inspiration for a favourite things quilt I'd like to make for my children. Thanks so much for linking up. It was a pleasure to have you.
Moving around the room counter-clockwise, this is the 'bathroom wall'. The 8 panel door will be replaced with a sliding barn door-type door. We will also put the header back on. It has been missing since we moved there and I'm not sure why we never put it back up. (To keep it real, I didn't remake the bed after my son's nap. His favorite stuffed monkey is still there, too.)
Print these out and attach one to each folder. As your child gets his/her school pictures, you can attach a photo to the folder as well using photo corners. We do not have any school photos, so I have not added this yet.
Top Romney adviser Eric Fehrnstrom also tweeted about the interview, referring to Rosen as an “Obama adviser,” even though Rosen is employed neither by the Obama campaign nor the Democratic National Committee.
He could bring her home.
One half cup coconut milk
He said "All you've done is grated some fucking cheese on them". And a smile broke over the manager not waiter's face. And he entered full indignant mode and from high on his moral ground he rained his "Calm down this is a family restaurant" wrath upon the boyfriend. The woman and her boyfriend ended up leaving the restaurant without eating. The woman was embarrassed but the boyfriend had learned a valuable lesson, and this was the lesson: Never, ever swear, because even if you're trying to be reasonable, even if you're being provoked, even if someone says as hurtful a thing as they can think to say, once you utter the word 'fuck' then you are forever the bad guy. It was a lesson that served the boyfriend well, for many, many years.
Last week, J.D. Salinger died.
Tobit 8: 1-9
All I have done is won
I would like to say that I would try something new every time I go somewhere. But since this place isn't an everyday (hell, maybe once a year) place, I stuck with what made me happy last time.
I have no particular agenda regarding breastfeeding vs. formula-feeding, which may surprise some of you; but it’s the truth. And since I am probably one of the only mainly neutral parties in this particular battle of the Mommy Wars, I generally try to stand far, far back from any breast vs. bottle politics. This post really isn’t about that, I promise (though of course we’ll have to start there). What this is about is me sizing up for myself whether I’m “Mom Enough,” or really, even, what kind of Mom I might be. I’ve been engaging in the same mental inventory of my Mommyhood that I suspect many of us have done in the past days — not because I feel insecure about my parenting, but because there has been so much discussion of all different kinds of parenting choices that it just seemed like a moment where an intellectually curious person like myself ought to stop and take stock.
May 2, 2012 · 1 Comment · By The Nation
If I hadn't been here to actually experience the storm and it's continuing aftermath, I'd never have believed it. So, what's the big deal about 6" of snow? New Yorkers see snow every year so, why would this be such a huge deal?
So how did the scenario go?
Ivy - Ivy Black
How strange that these are photographs of December in Austria. Normally at this time of year we are tucked deep in banks of white snow. But these days, the air is mild, and the birds sing as if it's late March.
The influence of the film on American culture and filmmaking cannot be overstated. It wasn't a technical groundbreaker such as Citizen Kane or a stunning epic such as Gone With the Wind, it was a movie more apt to be discovered on late-night television, whose poster adorns many a college student's wall and whose dialogue is recognized by people of all ages.
Ok Goddesses! Virna is giving away a $10 Amazon Gift Card and an e-copy of her paranormal novella, A Vampire's Salvation, which is use a peek into what her Para-Ops novels will be like. This is the novella that got me hooked on Virna!
'What did you DO all day?' my children all asked when I got home.
the Charity Commission.
We let the glue set up for an hour or so and then we attached the florettes to the stems as they were designed to be attached. There are little prongs (the button looking pieces in the center) that snap the flowers in place on the arms. Grace was in charge of most of the snapping.
There are two parts to this article: the soul crushing part (if you are an avid computer gamer like myself) and the rupture part (which will uplift your spirit).
- Margherita
the sun-painted walls
This is Kevin when we went to Los Angelos a while ago. The one thing you can always count on with Kevin is the 'thumb's up' sign - he's been doing it since he was a teenager and I'm so glad that he continues using this action; no matter how hard his life is.
I'm highly overwhelmed and am scared that if I keep pushing myself, I am going to push myself back into the hospital. How did things get like this? I see everything through the nauseating fuzz of a disgusting little pill, one that is punching holes in my life and my head. One that gives me back physical mobility, but creates chaos everywhere else. I can't even find a Dr. who I can discuss it with. They will prescribe them, but won't talk about them. Ironic, no? I have so many appointments for every little area of my life and I move on to the next one, hoping it will be the one with some answers to all of my questions, and instead I get answers to questions that I didn't even have or more pills that I can't live with and I can't live without. I just want this madness to truly end.
4. The operator is exposed to a higher risk of injury.
What happens if you choose to remain in the Settlement? You'll be able to "claim" your books and inserts, and receive some compensation for the ones that Google has digitized without permission. You'll also be able to direct Google to remove one or more of your works from the Book Search database, request it not to digitize other works, and control whether and how it displays your digitized works (including whether they're offered by Google--now and in the future--for sale or download). In exchange, you give up the right to sue Google for copyright infringement--though you do retain the right to object to the terms of the Settlement.
* 1st 4th of July for Rosie!
But would either of those cities shed real tears after last year’s closing of the Mercantile Exchange’s vaunted pork belly futures market? Or have the cojones to launch a hit new food event called "Baconfest" that sold out within five minutes?
Amidst a devouring smog of fatal gloom, he created,
the metal "cousin" tag and the silver metal
The single-handed capture of the merchant ship is the best scene in The Black Pirate. It begins with Fairbanks floating by the ship in a tiny boat, disguised as a fisherman. Once out of sight, he climbs onto the ship’s anchor, then performs several feats of gymnastics to scale its stern. Fairbanks keeps climbing, like a spider monkey, until he reaches the heights of the rigging. From there, he’s able to return to the deck by sticking his dagger in a sail and letting his weight tear him a slow descent. His guile and confidence allow him to herd the crew into submission with their own weapons. Fairbanks is magnificent, and the pirates are impressed.
whether I make it audible
Please, I am so serious about this.
Looking back over the last few days' worth of Martha's outfits, which of the ones I've shown so far do you think she liked the best? My money's on this one. She looks great. Her posture, her expression, her hands placed cheekily on her hips all indicate that she knows she looks great. The cut of the dress is fantastic, and those boots! We're really getting somewhere with this one. At the risk of reading too much into a single photo, I'd say Martha feels confident in this outfit; that's the way we're trying to get her to feel every day.
The first thing you have to do is to plan ahead. It will be very helpful if you can take a minute of your time thinking what you really want for a gown. You have to know what your budget is, the details of your gown, and how conventional you want your dress to be.
Shows.
I plan to start my childhood early in preparation for the eternal one to come. All I ask of you is that you send my toy box with me to the nursing home. As I rest my head upon my pillow, I will practice saying the poem “The Green Moth” by Winifred Welles- the one my son used to recite to me.
I am definately using this for our next party, Ice Cube trays for food! I love it! And kids get such a kick out of the colors! I love this!
My feeling of disappointment only increased. Here was a man who couldn't even express his predicament. What else can I hope from him?
2. Floor Press 115lbs
That song, Silent Lucidity, really struck a nerve. The chorus is what got to me, but some of the other parts added in. I used to say, however heretically, 'Yeah though I walk through the valley of the shadow of death, I shall fear no evil, for I am the meanest S.O.B. in the valley'. There were always at least two things wrong with that, of course. And I never believed anyway. First, no one is that tough. And, of course, you don't get to the valley alone. Leaving alone, even if it all works out as one proposes, is a hard thing. Anyway, I decided to make some calls, just to make sure some of those people for whom I have concern and contact information were still above ground. A shadow passed over my heart, I had to check. I have a few more calls to connect. I guess I have too many whom are with me though I cannot see. Too many. Shadows. Fear.
Ribbon (can use jute)
People don’t want to be diversified, they want their culture left alone. As Thomas Friedman observed in The Lexus and the Olive Tree, “Few things are more enraging to people than to have their identity or ethnic sense of home stripped away.”
As questions were opened up a lot of eager hands shot into the air. Questions ranging from Maria's idea for Inside Out/Outside In (a frantically written down dream) to how often she edits her books before publication (between 6-8 times).
“Muslims do not hate our freedom, but rather they hate our policies. The overwhelming majority voice their objections to what they see as one-sided support in favor of Israel and against Palestinian rights, and the long-standing, even increasing, support for what Muslims collectively see as tyrannies, most notably Egypt, Saudi Arabia, Jordan, Pakistan and the Gulf states. Thus, when American public diplomacy talks about bringing democracy to Islamic societies, this is seen as no more than self-serving hypocrisy.”
Eric Fleischer
March is an exciting time for design, as London is only an hour away on the train from Brighton, there’s no excuses for not getting stuck into all the events that are going on. One of our students, Daniel Cano, has put together a list of all the best goings on in London, so all you have to do is the leg work. Here’s four things to do in March…
Yesterday we came to our place at the lake---wonderful weather!
The nascent Franklin Avenue restaurant scene is about to get a boost from Franklin Park owner Matt Roff, whose ever-growing complex of converted garages and storefronts has become an anchor of neighborhood nightlife. The latest venture? "A day care center," joked Roff when I encountered him outside his gutted storefront this morning, which previously housed a hardware store. The space, which until recently sported one of the best vintage signs in Crown Heights and sits next door to the soon-to-be-opening Breukelen Coffee House, will be a burger joint serving "a couple of great burgers, some vegetarian options, and maybe a sausage or two," says Roff, who hopes to open in a month to six weeks.
Let me just say, I’d — I would be happy to have the Mitt Romney flat tax for every American to pay at that rate, and I haven’t complained about the rate he pays.
Article 9 "Made public" provided in Item 1 of Article 10of the Copyright Law means that a copyrighter publishes his/her works voluntarily to a non-specific group of people or that publishing a copywriter's works to a non-specific group of people after obtaining the copywriter's consent, but being known by the public is not a composite condition for that.
Today I have Thanks A Windmillion from the OPI Holland collection. Thanks A Windmillion is a dirty sea foam green, it is close to last years Mermaid's Tears only murkier. Yes, I definitely need both of them and yes, I am a hoarder.
We can interpret this colour in an edgier look like we did in our last post, and then we can turn it around and create a more elegant and sophisticated feel. We can already see ourselves attending any type of event in this outfit this Spring/Summer 2012!
I urge you to go read this piece in its entirety. Adding the attribution “via FaceBook via Susan Yarbrough via Roy Priest” may seem ironic, but as I write this I am wearing no headphones, there is no television or radio on in the background; I am sitting alone. After I his “Publish”, I may step away from the computer for a few minutes of more complete solitude, refreshing myself so that I may be more present for the others in my life with whom I will connect later in the day, either electronically or face to face.
they were full of stories and soooo tired.
Photography is art, and the word art is short for articulation -- the act of giving utterance or expression. Art is something we create and whether it is drawing, singing, dancing, painting or photography, it is our personal expression to the world.
In the picture, Yesung is posing with his brother in comfortable clothes. Yesung is showing off charismatic eyes but his brother looks kind.
3. Tweet a link to the giveaway and make sure to tag me @biancaphillips. Then leave a comment letting me know you tweeted.Remember, you only need to enter once for a chance to win and you can do so by simply leaving a comment (see #1). Any extra entries for Facebook likes and Twitter mentions just help your chances, but if you're not on FB or Twitter, don't sweat it. I'll randomly select a winner on Monday night. Oh, and don't forget to leave your email address in a comment if you're not easily contactable through a blog.
Common cause was there in a cover you ass type of move pushing their silly redistricting lines. Their group left right after they leader gave her testimony at the beginning of the Brooklyn hearing. Only one elderly lady, a patrician type from Brooklyn Heights got it. She started her testimony with the statement that the committee members should be ashamed of themselves for killing democracy in New York. Except for Asian media not a single member of the main stream press attended the
My father was dying from lung cancer.........
I made the fabric banner to bring more pattern and youthful energy to the room. Babygirl loves having all her books within easy reach too, so the bottom shelves are dedicated to them.
This might not be exciting to you people in GMS, but it’s very exciting for us in KMS! I only had 3 character slots, so this coupon is really good for me. You get one per account and you just double click it to get a character slot!
I LOVE YOU !!
I created this page the other day using my fan flower template. I shrunk down the fan flower and multiplied them all over the page. I paper pieced the flowers together using different patterned papers.
Eva’s life is not exactly fun either but she has plans of her own to worry about:
Unfortunately, none of these details distinguishes the average Splice from its peers.
Thanks to my sister, I learned these Garden lessons. Hope you did too. I am looking forward in seeing your garden flourish. Keep On! #
He was never charged with a crime. He was barely even held accountable for anything. Back in New York three years later, he held a series of smaller posts, including one for the New York garment industry that was assigned to him by new mayor LaGuardia, his former rival.
I hope the above scene does not continue with the question of why, because I really don't know. Maybe there is no why.
This is the last voice you hear before the light of day fades beyond your eyelids.
6. While meat browns, place yogurt in a small bowl and slowly beat in ½ cup water with a fork. Pour into the skillet.
They treated me like a queen while we were at their home. They will always hold a special place in my heart. Helen is a natural born nurturer. The 3 birds we brought them as an unexpected gift got more care from her than their mother probably would have given them. She religiously every hour would stop whatever she was doing to feed them, make sure they had a clean 'nest' and in general fussed over them. They both do such much for so many people and animals they wear me out just thinking about what they do. They travel hundreds of miles to make sure a rescue dog is going to a good home before they will relinquish them, they travel to meet up with other rescuers to get dogs to their final destination, they foster pregnant dogs and care for them and their pups until they are old enough to be adopted. They are constantly helping anyone that needs a hand or just someone that needs a kind listening ear. They treated Sam, Riggins and myself so wonderfully, I cant thank them enough
"Unable to contact or influence the world of the living, David's agony is made worse when he learns that his ex-wife relationship with a dangerous man named Tony Ranieri has put her life at risk. Tony possesses - and is possessed by - a relic filled with such awesome powers of destruction that dark forces within the Shadowlands will stop at nothing to obtain it. They'll even spur Tony to murder and manipulate the soul of David's daughter to forge his cooperation.
Epilogue: Horses raced for safety, wagons rolled out of the gates, and concerned citizens rushed to and fro with water buckets. In the pandemonium none noticed a small silhouetted figure waddling out the front gate carrying a money laden coffer...
I have made it through two exceptionally hot (compared to he dreariness us brits are used to) days, without burning my milky white skin! Factor 40! I've been good, coming in out of the sun at midday and such, wearing a hat to avoid the usual headache.
Someone told me once at the beginning of my advertising career that it's easy to burn out. I thought this was crazy talk. I had just landed my copywriting job at an advertising agency. I was writing the back of cereal boxes. I thought I had hit the big time.
Hope everyone has a great weekend planned!
Next, I cut my latest $MSFT position in half, taking another small loss. There is no doubt, I’m being very cautious here. I’d rather trim my positions and miss a rebound than to sit on them and watch their value quickly deteriorate. This is especially true when on the wrong side of simple directional option trades, as not only do you have the price of the stock going against you, but also time and volatility.
1 cup rolled oats
But really, it was one of the most bizarre dreams I’ve ever had (as far as I know) and when I woke up, I remembered every detail.
A tie between hockey and baseball
As her system boots, memories flood her brain, emotions swim through her veins, and before she knew it, that disturbed girl is back. Her silence is invaded. The peaceful trance is disturbed. And again, for the nth time, she lost.
[IMDB link] [Netflix link] A horror movie about gargoyles?!?! Gargoyles is our favorite animated superhero series ever!! This makes watching this almost a form of completionism… After all, when else would I watch a Made-For-TV horror movie?
there was birthday songs sung by beloveds in bed.
Out on the Dance Floor! No one could get me to stop dancing!!
Someone who knows about what happened with PW asked me how things were going. I just said fine, because that is how it has been, fine. I think this person might have expected me to be carrying a grudge or having a different opinion of PW now. But honestly, I call her Powerful Woman because that's how I think of her and that hasn't changed. Yes, I no longer trust her like I used to and I feel she treated me badly. But she is still intelligent, independent, and strong. Those are attributes she just has. She's very good at what she does, she's competent. And she's just a great woman. She truly is. We all have our moments and no one is 100% on the same person, you know? So she's rad as fuck and I think the world of her. I'm disappointed with how I was treated and I don't really trust her like I once did, but I don't think at all less of her. She'd probably have had to kick my guinea pig for me to change my overall opinion of her.
I dunno about you, but my head's not going to be mounted in someone's den without a fight.
Ian George Dowling (Lib Dem) 192
There are things that I know now that I wish I knew then. I cannot say I regret my decisions but I would have liked to have the information on most of these items before.
But I’m not unique, not special; in fact I’m just a part of the game in which I'm a bowler hat, flung dice or collected card.
3. Special deals and contests – Ann Taylor for example is using Foursquare in a recent effort to harness social media platforms. Their campaign specifically allows individuals that are mayors at specific locations in New York City, to receive 25% off of their total purchase. Depending on the successful of their campaign, they may even attempt to expand the approach to all stores nationwide. Not to mention, there are specific social media programs that will allow to trigger messages at specific times. By having the option to schedule a message, businesses can determine when they would like prospective customers to be made aware of certain information. This means that social media in a sense, is more tactical than ever.
When I first started to craft it was all about Scrapbooking, then Cards, ATC, Altered Crafts. Well I think you get the picture. I love all crafts I just have to be in the mood for a certain one. Someday I want to make all cards, then layouts. It’s what every my crafty mind is up to.
With each post, I am so thankful to be past the dental surgery
My weekdays are pretty structured - in fact, if I posted a schedule, it would look like one on this clock with every minute accounted for. I have certain days I clean and do laundry, certain days I grocery shop, and keep a calendar for afternoon/evening kid activities so I'm not a slacker mom.
This somewhat justifies our suspicion of the material that our shadow functions bring to our attention. It is ambiguous and often difficult to sort out. Whether in dreams, longings, errant thoughts, or technicolor visions, they provide information that is an admixture of light and obscurity. Still, in sorting through it, we come closer to the world around us. To some extent, the confusion of the shadow function’s productions has much to do with the conflict between the order imposed by our conscious functions and the more complex order/disorder that defines the world itself.
I’m continuing on the higher dosage until I can speak with my psychiatrist again. (They do say to not change your medication without talking to your doctor.) I might even ask her if I couldn’t go back to 10mg of lexapro a day. I did 3 dosages of the medication (10,20 and now 30). While my mood was (slightly) improved at 20, I’m not so sure the slight improvement is worth the side effects. Plus, maybe that improvement was just time, talk-therapy, sleep, exercise and the rest of the stuff.
Hot air for a cool breeze?
And I could not stop there...this set is just so fun! I made a few extra little 4x4 cards for my kids to use on gifts. Plus it is had been forever since I had the opportunity to craft, so I had to take advantage of it!
And once again, I can't begin to tell you how happy it makes me to get all these super positive and interested e-mails about this comic! It's super geeky but I just love what this thing's become and the fact that a bunch of you also do, makes me happy! Ok enough… I'll have some more very interesting new in the next two days!! Interesting if you like tattoos, that is!
She soon learns her mistake when people around her start being murdered in order to get the painting back. With no family or friends to turn to for help Luciana seeks help from Guido de la Torre, a novice at the Santa Croce monastery. Together they flee Florence and hope to uncover the secret the cartone holds before their pursuers catch up to them.
Social media are at once one of the greatest and most dangerous phenomena since the creation of the Internet. Upon analyzing their place in my life, I ask many questions about how they apply to my vocation: journalism. And since journalism affects everyone, it turns out these are pretty important questions. Who better to ask than those on the frontlines of news coverage?
A note on ingredients here – honestly you can play around with this and just use what you have, but there are a few key things to note to make sure you get a great result every time:
Ron. I think the stuff he says is frickin hilarious. Best quote from prisoner of askaban 'id love to know what the ministry would do to me if i blew up an aunt. Mind you theyd have to dig me up first because mum would have killed me' hahaha
* If Little Diva Tutus uses your photograph(s) in printed advertising materials a copy will be sent to you. If they are used in a banner, a photograph of the banner will be sent to you.
The most anticipated for me are the ones that allow you to sort your inventory by value, weight, or alphabetically (which is the default we have now). Can’t wait to check it out tonight.
Saturday evening entailed a leisurely dinner at Ten, a Japanese restaurant, with a bit of a hip, modern ambiance. They have a full liquor menu, including a list of about twenty different sakes, including some very good selections. The food menu is diverse, and a bit pricey, though the quality and quantity are high, and provide justification for those prices. Their Nigiri Sushi is sold by the single piece, often priced at $4-$6, which is the same at in most high-end sushi places. But, the slices of fish, which seemed quite fresh, were very large, often making it necessary to eat the sushi in two bites rather than one. So, you could end up with more fish on one piece than you might find in two pieces elsewhere.
I took so many pictures of the whales that our camera battery died (advice: charge your camera battery every night on vacation even if it doesn't need it!), but Mr. 2SB was able to catch this picture. Since it was cloudy the sunset lasted about 3 minutes...I know because I missed it since I was in the bathroom!
~ Starting to pay more attention to baby signs.... you have signed "eat" a few times!
After reading Small Space Organizing readers will be able to:
“Then Jesus declared, ‘I am the bread of life. He who comes to me will never go hungry, and he who believes in me will never be thirsty. But as I told you, you have seen me and still you do not believe. All that the Father gives me will come to me, and whoever comes to me I will never drive away. For I have come down from heaven not to do my will but to do the will of him who sent me. And this is the will of him who sent me, that I shall lose none of all that he has given me, but raise them up at the last day. For my Father’s will is that everyone who looks to the Son and believes in him shall have eternal life, and I will raise him up at the last day.’ At this the Jews began to grumble about him because he said, ‘I am the bread that came down from heaven.’ They said, ‘Is this not Jesus, the son of Joseph, whose father and mother we know? How can he now say, “I came down from heaven”?’ ‘Stop grumbling among yourselves,’ Jesus answered. ‘No one can come to me unless the Father who sent me draws him, and I will raise him up at the last day… Whoever eats my flesh and drinks my blood has eternal life, and I will raise him up at the last day.’” John 6:35-43, 54
6. Cuddling...is there anything else better?!
The other day I was in the grocery store, zooming around trying to fit in shopping while running late for a game and preparing for a party later. You know, the regular "being a woman" stuff. I am careful when I'm in zoom mode not to cut people off, run them over or be rude. So I was zooming around people in the produce department and some old, slow man says to me, "Just take it easy and slow down." WTF? Did I say to you, "He pokey get the frick out of the way - try caffeine you might move faster than 0.0001 mph!!"
The Economist magazine has a couple of good articles about Australia’s increasingly enviable economic status. Here’s a blurb from the first article, which outlines the pro-market reforms that enabled today’s prosperity.
Happy Crafting!
We can not forget the oath that our policy makers are sworn to uphold:
If I had a knife
“Were stupid, that’s why. Cash is all we need and we’ll do anything to get it. Besides were close to Atlanta, big druggies there. And here kids are bored and have money to blow, why not do drugs? Hell I did. But he mostly sells steroids to them. Go Blue Devils!” she said sarcastically.
It wouldn’t be too hard to envisage creating a Spring Integration Channel or Endpoint implementation, for example, based around the Continuation instances.
Cells are the building blocks of all plants and animals. Plants are made of many different types of cells. Each cell has a specific purpose so that the plant can function properly. Just as with animals, all of the plant cells work together as a whole to make the plant come to life.
I welcome tomorrow.
They were really in in the 60's...remember Twiggy?
Me: "Even more evil than ever?"
Prosecutors have their own special rule stating this. They are to seek justice, not merely be advocates and seek convictions.
(Honey, don't read any further. Hit the back button.)
The teams are divided into A, B & C brackets. "A" being the better, more experienced teams. "C" being the less experienced teams. They started out in the "C" bracket.
Are they adorable or what!?
Available: Everywhere, until the Spring when LTD 02 will be released.
Well it is now your turn cant wait to see what you come you with brings back some great songs and some not too good. lol.
We spend a lot of time in our homes, even those who are married to work like me and it would be good to get off work and come home to something cozy and pretty. Hopefully I'll be able to find that in November.
So I've been cutting all those paragraphs that tell and keeping the ones that show.
Emery insisted this was not so. It was simply that he was much less stressed and had far fewer legal/ money worries than when, at the helm of the world’s largest marijuana seed-selling business, he was facing the sobering prospect of extradition to the United States.
Tell you what to do.
Our Australian designers are doing so well overseas. So proud!
PS You really will only need two yards for a queen size headboard. I was worried that the tufts would take up lots of extra fabric. Not at all. Maybe an extra couple inches total were needed for the whole headboard.
Now it's official. Judge Chin, who issued the deadline extension, has released the letter he received from the DOJ, along with his order that the government present its findings by September 18, 2009 (ahead of the settlement's October 7 fairness hearing). The letter begins:
Wandrei wrote some outlines for Gang Busters and other comic books in the 1940s, and also attempted writing song lyrics in Hollywood. After World War II he continued writing speculative fiction stories, although at a greatly reduced rate. Some of his stories were adapted fro the comic book Weird Science – “Divide and Conquer” (issue 6), based on his “A Scientist Divides” and “Monster From the Fourth Dimension” (issue 7) based on “A Monster From Nowhere”.
“I believe I did.”
I'll be doing alot of snuggling with the pup for the next few days. A storm is blowing in that is supposed to bring days of rain. I am also supposed to be resting my shoulder that has been causing me pain for the past four months. I went to the Doc this morning and am now on a high dose of ibuprofen for the inflamation. Then I will go to physical therapy. I can't remember where I found this photo so if it is yours please email me so I can give you credit. Have a beautiful week.
I heard this song on my drive to work this morning. I didn’t intend to, it makes me emotional, but my iTunes was on shuffle, I was driving on the interstate and decided to let it play rather than fumble with my phone and risk an accident. To me, it’s a bittersweet song. It makes me think of me and my husband before we were together. It makes me think of the fear of giving in to our feelings and trying to be together. I was in Florida, he was in Alabama and there was this lingering shadow of doubt that seemed to get in the way sometimes. This “Can we really do this? Will we really be together? Can we really make this work?” shadow that lingered despite how much we loved each other there was this fear of ending up heartbroken that played this hesitation game with our hearts. Then…there was this one beautiful, amazing, and perfect weekend in September of 2010. I knew that weekend that everything was going to work out and we would be together forever and from the 23rd to the 26th my life was perfect. Then…I had to leave and go back to Florida for two weeks until I could move. Those were the most painful two weeks of my life. Stone Sour’s Audio Secrecy album had just been released, I played it incessantly, and this song was on it. These lines…these fearful lines, “You were my fire – So I burned - Til there was nothing left of me – I touched your face - I held you close – Til I could barely breathe – Why give me hope – Then give me up – Just to be the death of me – Save the rest of me” stayed in my head for two weeks. It’s how I felt, it encompassed the fear I was feeling.
Going into the final stretch of this passionate love-for-all-things-Stoke performance, Ryan pulls from the back of the stage a black T-shirt, on the front of which rests the words ‘The only way is Oatcakes’. One given to each member by Oatcake Day organiser and 6 Towns Radio presenter Terry Bosson’s, Ryan proudly showed off his new shirt in front of his hometown fans.
12-Week Half Marathon Training Plan
1. Job
Dave Stangis, VP of CSR and Sustainability, Campbell Soup
TY: How do you deal with rejection?
“Well, Treena Bean was actually started last spring as a test company. We partnered with a gentleman that we knew & then he decided that it wasn’t something that he really wanted to continue doing, so my husband asked me if I wanted to take over the company. I decided that I would really enjoy running a business & that it would be a great thing to involve my kids in, as part of their homeschooling experience. “
Had I been Ms Patroski’s confidant, I would have advised her to seek justice by other means. For example, she could have hired one of those detective agencies that secretly film adulterous liaisons, and instructed them to make a video of her boss masturbating. Threatening to make the footage public would have surely persuaded him to apologise and perform appropriate acts of penance. I should imagine he would have shaved his head and pierced his nipples to avoid having his exertions displayed on the internet. Checking thy body may amend thy soul, as we say in the jungle
I met my first good friend because she was my roommate. Other people I met at work or at random concerts in Central Park. New York is pretty straightforward about who she wants you to meet and who not, so I am not too worried about how my social life develops.
shell = a number of dc or tr worked into one stitch or space similar to cluster (specific directions given per pattern)
Are we going to just pretend that our nation's greatest enemy wasn't being protected by the intelligence ministry of an alleged ally whom we've been giving billions yearly in military aid? We have the body. Next time you meet a Pakistani, ask them what their government would have done, if they were in our shoes.
I’ve decided instead to share with you a little nugget of news that might not have gone very far, about Scotland’s internet status. There have been fresh efforts to lobby for a .scot web domain, led mainly by the Dot Scot Registry, with the backing of the Scottish Government (the UK government is considering whether to support the bid). The Dot Scot Registry has been lobbying for this since its inception in 2009, and a golden opportunity is fast approaching.
Of the Third Cork Brigade
My transmission cooler developed a leak Saturday and instead of planting late we took it apart and the fellow I was working for said he knew someone who would weld it. I texted Orin as I knew he had suffered through the same problem. When he referred to the AGCO parts service as the AGCO Sodomy department I did not inquire as to the the price. I'm still a little sore from buying the pistons for the G1355. I wondered why they included a bottle of Vaseline and it was labeled "assembly lube."
Cardstock: Couture Cardstock
Red and Yellow Beets, Potato, Red Cippolini Onions, Cornichons,
Dr Toh Beng Chye
At first I thought of relocating to Dah's house for the week, but she doesn't have Wifi, and she DOES have a cat. So, no.
1/2 tsp rosemary
Place the oven rack right on top and pre-heat the grill/ broiler for about 7 minutes.
Me: 'But..."
-Kenzie
While traveling in Virginia,
You may wonder why I am writing about him again…well, I noticed on Facebook (we are not friends) that his profile picture is one of him and some woman. Uh, like a couple pic. Really? Already? My stomach did turn into a few knots upon seeing the pic, but other than that…nothing. No tears, not even a sniffle. I think I’m just shocked (and I don’t know why I am so shocked) that he’s already in a relationship that is solid enough to post a couple pic. Whatever.
Make sure you leave a little drying time between each colour otherwise the "woodgrain" lines can blend together!
to come, for the black horse of economic disaster in ’08 which followed the
4. Country Classic Collection by Lady Flo Bjelke-Petersen
I tweeted that this was the best sandwich I have ever had. In my life. Really. The jackfruit was light and the perfect companion to the tangy bbq sauce, crisp cabbage slaw, dill pickle slices and ciabatta roll. The kale crisps were simply baked with olive oil, salt and slightly spicy seasoning. Our server was super sweet and spent some time talking with us about raw food and making kale chips. If you find yourself in Madison, Wisconsin, please visit the Green Owl cafe.
Paddlin’ Madelin’ Home
Greetings, Kaiju-fans. Today marks a unique anniversary for the original mutant turtle, Gamera. Back in 1968, Japanese audiences were introduced to the tentacled space villain Viras, in GAMERA TAI UCHU KAIJU BAIRASU (Gamera vs Space Monster Biras) which US TV audiences would see as DESTROY ALL PLANETS a few years later. That’s how I was introduced to it, s part of varied Monster Weeks on the New York tri-state area’s 4:30 Movie.
I know your all wondering who won the birthday gifts from
2007: CILIP Kate Greenaway Medal (shortlisted)
A huge fan blasted air around the building with stalls for the cows in uniform rows along each side and down the centre of the structure.
Like a fairy tale
The colonel disappears behind a screen, but Lucy can just see his eyes watching through the slits between the panels. How she wishes this were all over and done. But now the house is silent, waiting. Someone is approaching along the verandah.
The earth is fleck’d wi’ flowers, mony tinted, fresh an’ gay
Often times people equate volunteering with Girl Scouts as a huge commitment – but that’s not entirely true. Our flexible opportunities make it easy for you to volunteer and to fit it in with your schedule. We have volunteers who help us with one time events once or twice a year, share troop leading duties with other leaders, or come into our service centers once a week for a couple of hours to help with administrative tasks. Volunteering CAN be a big commitment; but it doesn’t have to be.
But, probably the best part of the whole race with my husband was his humor - even panting he still got his smart aleck commentary going, to the benefit of those around us.
The Order is being shipped to:
Keep your eyes open for an update.
Genre: MG
02-Everything's Not Fine
If you like historical novels that paint a realistic picture of how life must have been for women of noble birth then you will enjoy The Red Queen which, in my humble opinion, is one of the best books Gregory has written.
Look at how they demonized Obama in his first two years to make their ideas (labeled "tea party" ideas) seem like the political vanguard, denying that status to the brand-new president. Look at how the energy generated by anti-Obama resistance led to congressional, gubernatorial, and state legislative victories for the GOP in 2010. Look at what's happened in GOP states since then. And look at how even journalists at the national level who should know better now take seriously the fraudulent ideas of Paul Ryan, while young people hippie-dance around Ron Paul. Isn't right-wing extremism in better shape now than it was in 2008? Isn't it possible that it'll be in better shape next year than it was in 2008, even if Obama wins big?
I knew as soon as I saw it - I wanted to redo it and hang it above my sewing desk I just refinished. So approximately 5 minutes after the fam took off this morning, I was changed into my painting clothes and was in the garage dismantling the hardware from the wood. First, I did some spray painting. To get an even coverage around the hooks and the screws, I stabbed them into a piece of cork board.
"Whoa. That's all she wrote, Ben." McSherry said over the radio.
It’s the non Malaysians (presumably Filipinos and Indonesians) who determine the outcome of elections there. How did the Elections Commission allow so many foreigners to be voters overnight?
Lucy, Holly's sister is a Gemini and Carl, her boyfriend finds it very difficult to pin her down.
Beer Reviews: 72
My parents and my sister, my friends and my love...
coward.
Unfortunately, even though there is an amazing spiritual analogy to be found in my dirty basement bathroom, writing about it isn’t making it any cleaner. Time to buy some rubber gloves and get to work. Yuck.
Post a link to your project at the bottom of this post.
The Solicitor General for respondents.
Catelynn: "I never called you perfect, did I? No."
An innovative print ad in the Jewellery sector by Murat Paris engages users to flick through a collection of bracelets and rings on the virtual hand. Upon scanning the QR code a mobile site loads showing the collection and giving information to the users about the nearest store. I really like this flicking concept beacuse it allows the users to come up with a matching set of ring and bracelet.
When all is frozen you bring out the silpat with the stripes and put your ring down on top of it. Then you begin to build the cake upside down just as the pear one was built.
Although Loni thinks he's too grown up for these books, I think
My mother would rant and rail against the Georgia clay ground into my clothes on my adventures with Phillip. “Stay out of that creek!” she would shout, though we both knew it was for not. Before there was Phillip I had hosted tea parties and taught school with a legion of stuffed animals. I can’t imagine now what I had to offer him, though he would take a place at the tea table on occasion. Besides the creek and all it had to offer he tutored me in kick ball and won us a place in a pack of older kids who roamed the neighborhood.
I agree a hundred percent.
“Dogs of war?” Doyle glanced at him. “First Dumas and now Shakespeare? I didn’t know you were so scholarly.”
She only wished she could have been more helpful. The most interesting thing that had happened to her was her parent’s divorce.
The Doctor wonders why so many young girls are going missing from the area. When he sees Sammy Star's amazing magic act, he thinks he knows the answer. Sammy's glamorous assistant disappears at the climax of the act - but this is no stage trick.
Today I would like to honor and pay tribute to Stefani Joanne Angelina Germanotta, better known as Lady Gaga. Gaga identifies as bisexual, a group that often is misunderstood or neglected. TSM tries to focus on issues around social justice and LGBT issues; Lady Gaga falls into both categories and deserves to be celebrated for her highly visible and fierce dedication to civil rights.
Which, let's face it, look ridiculous. For some reason we Australians celebrate those who take the plunge without stopping to consider their bust size and whether their breasts really truly ACTUALLY fit inside that (sequined, eye-catching) excuse for a bra masquerading as evening wear.
At first, he scoffed at it, stating that he felt really cheesy bringing a rose to the bar. But I absolutely insisted that he do it. Why not? What could he possibly lose from bringing a rose to his girlfriend?
So, plan B: We decided to run the switch down a different wall near the toilet where it could be hidden in a shelf.
Coronal Mass Ejection
It's then I become aware that there are people talking in the background but it does not sound like his shop at work.
It makes up for a lot, knowing that she's having the kind of experience I most wish for her.
They are such a reasonable price ($12), too, that they would make a fantastic baby shower gift!
Zebra - Steampunk Romance
He was apprenticed to his brother James
I loved using this system! I only had 5 numbers to work with but it went just fine. For next year, I will get more numbers (maybe 10 total?) so that more students can take a number when they are ready.
Captaen 22 bl
No Jules, you’re gonna be like those pieces of shit out there who beg for change. They walk around like a bunch of fuckin’ zombies, they sleep in garbage bins, they eat what I throw away, and dogs piss on ‘em. They got a word for ‘em, they’re called bums. And without a job, residence, or legal tender, that’s what you’re gonna be — a fuckin’ bum!
Honestly, I’m not really sure how to organize these pictures into posts. When I forced you to see, when I shared with you my shots from our Charleston trip I broke those down into each day we were there. However, with these it’s a little more difficult, because some days I took loads of photos and others not so much. So, I’ll break them down into 3 categories: room, board, and sites. I’ll try to make them into three posts, but we’ll see what happens, remember I have that itchy shutter finger, so I’ve got LOADS of shots I just can’t wait to share!
So, let me back up. About two months ago, I watched the documentary "Including Samuel." It definitely had me sold on inclusion, and had me convinced that I should join arm in arm with my fellow moms of children with disabilities, and fight the good fight. The view is that this is somewhat of a "Second Civil Rights Movement" I was geared up and ready to challenge all who passed me. About a month or two ago, I attended a small (free) seminar on Inclusion at the ARC. It was a great meeting. The presenter was very knowledgeable based on her own personal journey with her son, and everything there was extremely black and white. I left thinking that full inclusion (with support) was the only way. Someone actually asked if the presenter thought there was ever another way. She basically said no, if the district is equipped with the resources to make it happen.
Once this is all said and done I’ll most likely cover some of the nuances that I am experiencing – mostly as a word of warning.
Second, I regurgitated to Douthat what I thought was the most powerful critique of Sessions’ piece: many of the social “problems” Douthat raises seem to find better results and answers in other nations where they apply increased secularization, not less. Rather than fit the mold Sessions’ would seem to put him in–a closeted neo-fundamentalist whose only reason for not accepting these secular solutions is his religious preferences that have no foundation in reality or pragmatism–he instead questioned the premise itself.
(2) It's a really fine, beautiful green powder. Think: baking powder consistency.
I guess some habits (even if reprogrammed ones) are hard to break.
Perhaps he got too close.
I remember my glasses falling to the floor. I remember the pain on the left side of my face. I remember his lips crashing sloppily onto mine.
Serve over wide egg noodles.
While packing my things in the room and while my other half took a nap in the living room last weekend, I saw a Jo Malone paper bag under the window and took out the goodies inside.
“Were you following this other couple when they got off the bus?”
The truth is, she's 14. She doesn't always know why she does what she does, or what she was thinking at the time.
Beck immediately offered an apology of sorts for his Mormonism, saying that it was an act of “courage” for the fundamentalist Baptist Liberty University to invite him to speak and that he understood it was “not meant as an endorsement of my faith,”..
Walking down to the limo, Mr. Popper insists William ought to persuade Jane to marry him. Inside the limo, they have a private talk, and Mr. Popper tells William he can see some of Isabelle in Jane.
Recently, I was able to acquire quite a few Nerd Lacquers, and I hope to present those to you soon in a two- or three-part series. Glitters such as Nerd Lacquers drive me NUTS to remove, so we'll see how long it takes me to get through them all. Idiotic me has already worn some of them without photographing them, but today I'm rocking I Think You Call Me Sexy, and I've snapped a pic. These are some seriously gorgeous polishes, and I can't wait to show them off.
