Two plans for redevelopment were submitted: one proposed by the city engineer, E H Ford, would have re-created the old city centre using the existing street lines; the other, the plan of city architect Donald Gibson, was the one adopted. Based on completely new street lines with pedestrian shopping precincts, it was seen as a great opportunity to create an ultra-modern city centre based on entirely new thinking and almost erasing the past. The centre of Coventry had had congestion before the war in its narrow medieval streets and the bombing gave the council an excuse to sweep it all away. The development soon dated and it is now generally regretted that most of the city’s history has been erased, as it is now recognised that history attracts tourists. They could have rebuilt it as it was, as in cities like Budapest.
It has been a very nice day. The roads are pretty good now.
- Dancing around the house to boy bands even when James is watching
“Um, no I don’t have it, I’m afraid.” Michal looked up at the girl on the till in useless appeal. Perhaps they would be conspirators together, against the system. But the girl had suddenly turned into a robot. Indeed, he thought that he heard a soft whirring and the faintest of bleeps as she turned to face him.
(1) a well executed theme will be carried ALL THROUGHOUT the wedding (that means, your place cards, your invitations, your menu design, your flowers, your cake design, your table linen/cloth colours!!, your napkin and plate colours!!, your seating plan design, your favours and favour tags/boxes, your signage, your dress STYLE, your shoe colour!, and so much more! The more we see your theme in your wedding, the better it will show in your photos :) )
A mythical creature is the Haggis!
"There's an historical lesson from the Great Depression," Karmen told me. "Murder is the only crime you can trace back many decades. In the 1920's, the Roaring 20's, murder soared. It was a period of prosperity. But in the 1930's, a period of depression, murder plunged. This is despite social misery going up."
Four fresh (or canned in pineapple juice) pineapple rings, reserve two rings for salad
He said, “Can consciousness be explained?” And I tried to wriggle my way through that but he wouldn’t listen. He said, “You are putting on scientific blinders. You don’t realize that consciousness is the ground of all being.” He didn’t use that particular word, but he said something like, “There is nothing but God.” And something flipped inside of me which I cannot quite explain. This is the ultimate cognition, that I had at that very moment. There was a complete about-turn in my psyche and I just realized that consciousness is the ground of all being. I remember staying up that night, looking at the sky and having a real mystical feeling about what the world is, and the complete conviction that this is the way the world is, this is the way that reality is, and one can do science.
Was an extra in a music video
We receive ten or so invitations to financial ruin a day and sometimes after reading them, we are overcome with a great desire to pound on the keyboard with a nine-iron which would give us an excuse to walk away and never return.
May 3 Austin, TX Frank Erwin Center
Altogether it is one big YUM-fest.
Well, ALMOST three
We spent loonies and toonies!
But I never expected to be able to choose and read books that friends have written. I mean, really? One of my very first blog readers (and the author of one of the first blogs I became hooked on reading) is Liz, of Mabel's House. I have always appreciated her honesty, funny, self-deprecating blog posts (and the girl has GREAT style!), yet it was obvious this girl had/has depth. The kind of person you would start out talking about light-hearted topics with, and then evolve into a conversation with heads bent together, eyebrows furrowed, and a little gesticulating thrown in.
This old sucker has been in my family for years; in fact I think it is as old as I am. This was the first reupholstering project I have ever done and I did it because I am nesting and I have to get the baby's room done! After searching on KSL.com for months without finding anything, and not wanting to spend hundreds of dollars on a brand new rocking chair, I decided to ask my parents if I could have their old La-Z-Boy recliner. My husband and I got to work right away.
This image (Camelia) is from the Wax Fruit company and has been coloured with Promarkers and gently twinkled with Glamour Dust. The sentiment is from Kaisercraft.
A Guugenheim Partners Company, Topeka, KS
Song: Promises
Two years ago, I wrote this: Houston is always, always changing. As my friend Laura said, (borrowing from that genius Joni Mitchell), "they paved Paradise and put up a parking lot." If Houston is about anything, it is about the future. It is about constant construction and the need to widen yet another freeway. Every year, new places spring up while others are torn down. Yes, I know this happens everywhere . . . but in Houston it seems to happen in double-time. In the past year or two, Upper Kirby, where I used to play tennis, has been turned into a block of high-rises.
Without looking forward in time, he got the sense of what he was going to see at the bottom before he looked over the edge. The faint, evanescent colours of the rock on the far side twisted into alien spectra the further down he looked. A sensation very like the taste of nausea began to build behind his cheekbones. He started to feel the need to vomit out of his eyeballs.
holding onto each other in the night, our breath without words,
These cheeses are what bind together the common thread of society. As each cheese is different in taste, texture, feel, flavor, smell, consistency, sharpness and mildness they are still derived from a common element, milk. True, it may be sheep, goat, cow or buffalo but each final product began as a piece of grass or grain that was eaten and turned into milk. It’s that common beginning that brings us together to realize that each human on this planet is like a unique piece of cheese.
Kowalski is brash and racist, yes. But that pales into insignificance with what he gives to the Hmung community, which ultimately includes giving his own life. Likewise, America may be stuck in its ways, but ultimately they are good ways. And, as much as people like to criticise and find fault - those ways may just offer salvation to those that need them.
Strangely, though, The Phantom has found greater favour with overseas audiences, both as a newspaper/magazine comic-strip serial and in comic books – and nowhere has The Phantom enjoyed greater popularity than in Australia, India and Sweden. And it is this intriguing publishing phenomenon that forms the basis for my PhD thesis/research project, titled The History of The Phantom Comic Book in Australia, India and Sweden (Monash University, Melbourne, Australia, 2011-2013/Project Number: CF11/2607-2011001525).
“Our conference now represents the ultimate annual marketers’ boot camp for a wide range of topics related to Hispanic PR and social marketing,” said Manny Ruiz, conference organizer and publisher of the Hispanic PR Blog. “Our new case study-driven sessions on marketing to Latino youth strengthen our convention’s unique value proposition.”
People in either of these categories will occasionally be challenged by someone to live up to the label they are claiming. In certain forums on the Internet, they will be challenged with vigor.
I loved you for being my Dad, but you know what, I really liked you too. I will miss you every day
Now, I had been to Church before, but I had never seen a Church like this. I don’t think I will ever forget the first time that I saw someone speak in tongues. I didn’t have to wait long, it was about seven minutes into my first service when my Great-Aunt Rose got to her feet and began making noises not unlike ululation at first, and then transforming into a kind of wailing string of syllables. It was eerie and a little frightening, but by the end of that service, I knew that this wasn’t just an eccentricity of my Aunt Rose, but a normal part of how these people, many of them my family, worshiped.
The UK document serves a different purpose to the Irish press release but if the CBI was pursuing a goal of increasing transparency and instilling confidence it really is put to shame by the quality of the UK document. Let’s hope the performance at the Lansdowne Road tomorrow is better.
Grill pan
A pesherist is particularly concerned with the accuracy of language. Assumption is dangerous, therefore a great care must be taken to interpret as precisely as possible. Errors are often made and so much has been lost in translation. Going back to the root words is painstaking, but a necessary task. Once a word (i.e. Sheep) is used as a symbol, then it should continue to be taken as symbolic in each of its further uses in a particular text. Words often have more than one meaning, and in many cases they can mean more than one thing in any given text. There are, then, layers of a text. There is a literal layer and the symbolic layer of language that often coexist in the same text. For the pesherist the subtext is not about implied interpretation, but a set of symbols that are part of specific system. It is a sort of secret speech that relies on a concrete set of rules to decode it. The post-modern consideration of perception and possibility is ignored or denied.
1) Halloween Candy!! It wouldn't be a real Halloween giveaway without candy!
(first draft)
There will be nothing further here today.
Now the race was on for the 2nd through 5th prize money, with Bobby clearly setting the pace at the front. I kept the focus on Brock about 10 seconds ahead, though I knew that the low-14s road 5k'ers were likely chasing like mad up the hills. When I passed mile 5, the cheers behind seemed distressingly close, and I resolved to kick in to try to move up the podium. So I kicked like Bruce Lee on the next steep hill.
I think this is a beautiful poem. Mr. Courtright introduces us to the concept of shelter by way of an old house and then the meaning of shelter against an open sky which becomes a wide cloth which is another version of shelter. Then we come to free will and our choice to be in that open sky and how free will may be within a single atom. That single atom can effect the entire galaxy, something so small against something so large. In this poem we get to contemplate the stars and the sky that we seek shelter from and how small things have an impact on larger things.
The first book came after returning to the States after seven years in Western Australia and nine years of a life largely devoted to two young boys. tenderbox, a wunderkammer was a huge pleasure and relief, a sense that I could indeed reclaim a writing life that has a share in a wider community beyond my own praxis. Working with Bill Lavender was a treat, as well. He is generous editor/collaborator and a tremendously talented book designer. I was fortunate, also, to have become friends with Rikki Ducornet at that time, who gave me six drawings to illustrate the collection. All in all, it was a richly gratifying experience.
The title of the article I quoted above is Home drug test kits join parenting arsenal. My first thought was: Arsenal? Who am I, as a parent, supposed to be fighting against? Maybe we are supposedto think a drug test or similar "weapon" from the "arsenal" is justified in fighting the "war on drugs," but the only thing that will suffer the damage is a parent's relationship with his child.
William Cashman, 57, North Bergen, N.J.
Thanks again for your support, and do not hesitate to contact me about any concerns or questions you might have. Happy Wednesday!
1st century BC: “Practically everyone…in those days spoke correctly.
Ms Saw was blamed by many Singaporeans for the dismal state of SMRT today which is besieged by frequent train delays, disruptions and breakdowns. She resigned from SMRT in January this year following two massive train breakdowns along the North-South Line last December which earned the wrath of the public.
Some other key points from the interview:
Days when you feel like you can't please anyone.
My newest find in the digital stamp world is artist Krista Smith and her Saturated Canary Stamps. I LOVE THEM!!! Here is my first card using one of Krista's stamps.
I’m sad to see Jennie go, mostly because I think she surprised me. I wasn’t expecting her to do well, for some reason, and there were several times that she really did. Though it’s starting to get to a point where I think everyone left has some talent, so it’s starting to get harder to pinpoint one person to leave anyway.
In 1991, trees in Chicago removed an estimated 17 tons of carbon monoxide, 93 tons of sulfur dioxide, 98 tons of nitrogen dioxide, 210 tons of ozone, and 234 tons of particulate matter.
I began to think yesterday of all my blessings. And I found the direction I have been seeking.
Did they bugger!
Clinical research is in serious decline because of ‘grossly insufficient government funding for research professorships through its Medical Research Council “ – leading to an aging workforce because the government does not allocate enough funds to train new students. This lack of government funding is also driving many South African researchers into “working on diseases of the affluent for the pharmaceutical industry”, or for “the HIV-TB agendas of external donors”, warns the Academy of Science of South Africa,.
No pain!
Should I still give these to you? What are you going to think once you’ve received them? Are you even going to receive them?
2. Put on a puppet show. Find paper outlines of each animal on-line, color, and glue onto a popsicle stick. Set up a puppet theater (go here to see how to make your own, or you can use boxes stacked) and re-enact the story to your heart’s content. You could also use hand puppets, if you have some available.
Yes, small presidents do fail, Barack Obama among them. The coyotes howl but the wagon train keeps rolling along.
6.off with your head
What brought on this change? I mean, I used to be the girl who was so leaden on the accelerator pedal that I thought I was bionic in my right foot. I was the girl who could bust out the triple digits on the speedometer on I-95 and still sing all the words to "Hungry Like The Wolf" without missing a beat. Don't get me wrong, I can still never miss a beat to any Duran Duran tune, but these days I'm obeying the speed limit, using turn signals, and pissing off whoever is behind me, both with my bumper stickers and with my overly cautious driving.
A: I loved reading since I was tiny, and romances specifically since I was 16 (I can still distinctly recall the first romance I read. My mother gave it to me—Johanna Lindsey’s Captive Bride. The second one I read was Kathleen Woddiwiss’s The Flame and the Flower. Woddiwiss’s book is widely acknowledged as the birth of the modern romance novel and changed women’s fiction forever). I also have a degree—two actually—in literature. I’ve always preferred genre fiction or 19th century fiction, and, well, one can’t write 19th century fiction in the 21st century, can one? Paranormal romance is a logical choice for me because I’ve studied the Grimm fairytales extensively, and many of the books I loved as a kid were paranormal—The Chronicles of Narnia, The Lord of the Rings, The Borrowers, The Phantom Tollbooth, the E. Nesbit and Edward Eager books, etc. (Just stop me now.) I’ve always loved mysteries as well, and went through a long period of reading horror, and still love science fiction. But romance remains my favorite and I have written historical romance as well under a different name.
12. Lavender's Blue
I’m not talking about things like wanting to own my house, which I very much want to, there is nothing better in the world than being assured that no matter what happens you’ll have a roof over your head and a floor to sleep on, and no one, or almost no one, can force you to leave your home because it’s yours. This is the big dream, but the things I’m talking about are relatively small in comparison. Material possessions like clothes and hair and beauty projects have been cropping up in my mental lists.
Hi-Lo poker games, where a player can make a winning hand through getting wither the highest or the lowest hand began in 1903 and became most popular in the thirties and forties of the 20th century.
Because this is the Steven Moffat version of a Russell T Davies story, most of the running and shouting is replaced by standing around and giving dramatic speeches.
Duggan Veterinary Supplies are proud to announce their first small companion brochure that was launched in June. Within the colourful brochure customers can find detail information on a wide variety of products. From analgesics, milk supplement , coprophagia, vitamin tablets to small companion animal accessories such as shampoo, dog coats & beds.
for the eve to enfold two.
Symptoms last at least six months and can be as disabling as multiple sclerosis or rheumatoid arthritis, the CDC says.
I called my servant, and he came;
~ John 8:32
Your recipe did the rounds via email a few years back, and to be honest, I didn’t get it – you just tasted oily.
It's not a golden ale - it's too smooth and balanced. It's not a bitter, a pale or even an amber ale - the colouring is too unique and the zest of all those tree fruits is just too poised, nuanced and refined. So, the claim of 'blond' status is probably the best hole for this pigeon, but I'm not entirely sure that it does this drink proper justice.
As you may have guessed, I am VERY unhappy about this unexpected development. First, the ridiculous Urban Outfitters on Atlantic - and now THIS???
Don’t you know…you spin me out of control
I hope that when we go to church on Sunday, we don’t try to hide or excuse away Nephi’s sin, to say it wasn’t really “that bad.” All he did was get angry at his enemies — but look how badly they treated him! All he did was feel weak under the pressure of his trials — but look how hard his trials were! He’s justified in the sin he hates so much. He’s still “righteous!” He’s still “worthy!”
But I somehow managed it.
Okay, story proper.
as we feel
Heartbeat is a Love beat -- Delfranco Family
There appears to be no Macro functionality in SWTOR, so I cannot create a macro that will always target my pet and cast my Heal, effectively replicating the one-button Mend Pet ability and allow me to, at the very least, retain my enemy target while healing.
Good news for Brooklyn history lovers: It looks like we have another exquisite history institution on the way.
He thought the worst, I said 'have a look in the manual.' He tried to find the battery to check it was OK. He 'farted' around for about 45 mins before picking up the manual and checking what was wrong...something to do with it being a 'computer' controlled vehicle with electronic locking system. By then I had had a coffee, swept the floors, loaded the washing machine, got really steamed up etc. etc....
One where I can live and love and walk into light and warmth
Of course many of those poor kids won't be attending uni anyway since EMA, the money that enabled them to go to college or stay in the sixth form, has been abolished. A cost saving exercise that hits the poorest children without affecting the richer ones.
"Sama ka, my friends and I are going out," I invited him once. The party was fun and when it was time to go home, I offered to let him sleep at my place.We chatted late into the night and I listened as he spoke of his jealous boyfriend who would never let him out of his sight, who gave him everything else but took away his freedom.
Even More Pick Up Lines
The first half of the semester will be 2/3 inverted and 1/3 IBL. We will be able to get through the entire textbook in this half, although the understand will not be as deep as I would like.
• It’s not necessarily cheaper – Although I knew Anne would make a great album, I wanted to do my own. I designed my album on blurb.com, which is a fantastic site where you can lay out and print your own high quality hardcover books. You have to download their layout software program onto your computer (the program is free) and then upload your album to the site. My large format, 126 page album, ended up costing roughly $100 per copy. Considering the time I spent on it and the cost of printing, I doubt it really made financial sense to do it myself. Remember that life-crippling unemployment I was talking about? After I made my album, I couldn’t actually afford to purchase it until a month later when we could afford it. Still, for me it was worth the time, the cost, and the wait.
On July 17th I was at work and received a message from a co worker to call my attorney. This was 11am on a Friday. I called and was told that my greedy ass ex-wifes attorney filed a motion that was signed by a Judge stating that I was to pay him 5 thousand dollars by noon or turn myself into jail to serve a term of 180 days. I of course threw a fit but had to quickly compose myself. I immediately called Aza who in turn went right to work (she works best under pressure.) Within 45 minutes she had 5 thousand dollars waiting for me to pay that unethical bastard. I was floored by her offer but not surprised. I told her I wanted to go by my bank to see if they would give me the money so I didn't have to burden her with all that. Amazingly even though the ex has systematically attempted to destroy my credit, my bank came through for me and I paid the bastard. Now, here's where it gets unethical. Not only did I have to pay him 5k, he put in the order that I was to pay her another 1 thousand a month on top of the 3 thousand she already gets because he said that I was almost 17 thousand dollars in arrears from back bridge the gap alimony that I failed to pay. I was livid as was Aza. I immediately called the depository and was told that I owed absolutely nothing and had a zero balance. I called my attorney and am still waiting on a court date. Needless to say the nasty ex didn't get a penny. She was also supposed to give me the car back in February, I still haven't received it. We filed a Motion for Contempt. Why should I have to comply and she doesn't?!
Let me rephrase: I don’t particularly enjoy writing for an audience.
Moved together to a new home,
Thanks to Tim at Glasgow CAMRA for organising the trip.
How am I supposed to
adin, had just recently cleared his recent semester exams with a great score and i encouraged him to join us in the drinking. And so it was that adin had his first alcoholic drink with me.
And then, after more than a year of construction and destruction, and several million dollars in spending, all work on the railroad abruptly ceased. The scrapers and the cement crews and all the outside workers departed. The roadway-scar down the valley became the base for a county road that exists today as State Highway 38. Some 40 years after it was started and abandoned, the tunnel was blasted the rest of the way through Hancock Mountain for the passage of automobile traffic. The site of the Putnam siding and railroad station returned to field and
I hear this song now and all I can think of is “Now he’s going to listen to that Vikki Carr record and when he comes to bed he won’t touch me” from Moonstruck. LOL
By God’s great grace I plan to be a Pastor, but tomorrow I will put on a black polo shirt and go sell phones at Sprint. The all-important question that faces all of us everyday no matter where we find ourselves tomorrow is, “Am I glorifying Christ in how I live?” Am I choosing to be a light for Christ wherever I am? Am I pursuing holiness in my day to day life? Am I further along now in my understanding of God’s Word and His will than I was 1 year ago? Am I praying and asking God how my family and I could better serve Him where we are at now? Am I looking to the future, realizing that the decisions I make now will shape my life for the next 33 years? Am I investing in my wife and children, knowing that quantity time really is better than quality time in the long haul?
Includes latest NYS regulations manual, practice testing, study guide, test scheduling & certificate.
and 13th of its indigenous global navigation and positioning network known as Beidou,
Despite the perfect shell, there’s something dark inside Kate. Terrible visions send her into a deep depression and her world crumbles. All her business savvy and elite connections don’t make a difference; she has lost control.
‘Kingdom Come’ marked the end of the bloated, 90s era of comics, notable for hording, speculation on future value, packed in trading cards, foil/cut out/color change/glow in the dark/scratch and sniff covers, EXTREME art, minimal storytelling, leather jackets and… oh, thongs. Did I mention thongs? And mullets. Visionary painter Alex Ross wanted to tell a tale of the return of virtue and honor to the realm of super heroics. This iconic cover features the returns of Superman, Wonder Woman and their peers, returning to subdue a new generation of violent, careless and EXTREME anti-heroes. It’s quiet, dignified and powerful! He did similar style renderings for the collected versions of his miniseries ‘Justice’ but this came first and honestly ‘Kingdom Come’ occupies a bigger space in comic history.
20. Ask for passes to local educational attractions and fun educational tools, magazines, and toys for Christmas (or Hanukkah) and birthdays from relatives, especially older ones who will appreciate being able to bestow something lasting on the next generation. A year's family pass to the zoo is so much more memorable than some quickly forgotten plastic toys or mindless video games. A collection of books from a catalog you can't usually shop from will be used for years to come. A telescope that PawPaw can use to show all the kids the moon and the stars with will be a treasure forever in their hearts. A subscription to God's World News or Young Horse and Rider will be enjoyed all year.
I started with Pride and Prejudice, fueled by the newest movie adaptation. I positively devoured it. I moved onto Persuasion and quickly found my favorite Austen. Anne Elliot was so like myself. Desiring to do the right thing, to live with integrity, trying to find the balance between being persuaded by others’ opinions and not hearing them. As fictional characters go, Anne and I are still close. The 1995 movie adaptation made her so much more real for me, which is saying something since I find that book absolutely marvelous. The rest her major works came easily to me after that.
This is no earth-shattering post about organizing. I mean, it's nothing close to this:
Right before I got there, I was on my way to my NY gig when my friend Emily (ie, controller of all things fun that I do in Chicago) called and started screaming with excitement about it being Restaurant Week in Chicago. I let Em handle the details, and I’m glad I did because we ended up at three interesting spots.
Whereas “Tainted Love” was just shitty!
First of all, I noted a tweet from Chris McLaughlin of the BBC which quoted Craig Whyte. Could Mr Whyte have been speaking to the BBC?
he is the boy playing bass
So here are the links to the last couple of years' lit posts, all served up on one platter.
two vanilla pods, split lengthways
7. Come (1994)
I am creating...not much lately. Need a mojo boost!
I ask you to look at Myrtle Avenue as the most recent local example of a local commercial street that has been strengthened and improved by the efforts of a BID. The same success will happen on Fulton Street with your support.
Zombified
My father passed on many years ago but he was in the Canadian Air force in WW2. I still remember hearing stories told by his friends and him,( most of which gave me nightmares) but there was another side to my father and that was of a poet.
*Creativity/Originality
1. Compliance matters – there are certain peculiarities that relate solely to barristers and which are not always picked up by non bar specialist accountants. Barristers need to know to watch out for it!
“Chatter” in the head is a concept from the common understanding of Buddhism, the Monkey mind. There was a debate on facebook whether “Abundance” here leads to greed: I consider it does not: a state of abundance has no threat, and it is from fear of threat that I snatch at things, fearing not getting what I need.
“Therefore go and make disciples of all nations, baptising them in the name of the Father and of the Son and of the Holy Spirit.” – Matthew 28:19
The book itself has an interesting format. The contents page shows several titles and their page numbers so that it first resembles a story collection. In many ways that is what this is, although they are all linked; we might accurately describe these as vignettes of childhood. Now I gave Verhulst a tough time for pulling the same trick in his book but there's something about the brevity here that makes sense of it. Many are just a page or two and in that manner Torres gives us a whistlestop tour of his, ahem, I mean his narrator's childhood. About to turn seven at the outset he has two brothers, Manny the eldest and Joel between them. Paps is Puerto Rican, Ma is white, both are from Brooklyn but had to marry in Texas in order to do it legally when Ma first got pregnant at 14 (and Paps just 16). The three brothers, as the title suggests, are often depicted like animals as they hurtle through childhood, beginning as birds in the opening chapter We Wanted More.
The photo has nothing to do with any of this. It's a man with his bicycle, crossing the vast dry Niranjana riverbed in Bihar, India.
Instead of covering this massive cock up by asking the obscenely wealthy for a hand, the government has decided to cut services and raise taxes for low and middle income workers, as well as the unemployed. This is ideologically old Tory thinking. Ignore that the average salary for a FTSE 100 director is roughly 100 times the average salary for the country, focus on the undeserving poor.
“The platforms of social media are built around weak ties. Twitter is a way of following (or being followed by) people you may never have met. Facebook is a tool for efficiently managing your acquaintances, for keeping up with the people you would not otherwise be able to stay in touch with. That’s why you can have a thousand “friends” on Facebook, as you never could in real life.
Before SEGA or Super Nintendo...
“What bothers my Lord? My Lord must not injure himself, not when his enemies are plotting against him; not when the world is ripe for the taking. ” Syurin said with meek but sincere concern. When he was satisfied that the blood had stopped flowing, he removed the wrapping and dabbed at the wound tenderly. He applied a tincture that he drew from somewhere in those voluminous servant robes of his. It made Mal’haran wince because the tincture stung.
For those of you fortunate enough to be able to drive, and have a car to drive, you may be able to relate to this story.
Not that I didn’t like the fact that Pinhead is suddenly faced with a little competition. I thought it was cool to have someone challenge Pinhead, and that this challenger is actually a worthy opponent. And the battle does turn into a display of gruesome carnage which any fan of gory horror films should enjoy, but what happened to rescuing dad from hell? This storyline was practically completely dropped from the film, as if half way through somebody suddenly decided to change the story. Apparently, that is exactly what happened. The actor who played Kristy’s dad (Andrew Robinson) didn’t want to return to for this sequel because New World Pictures didn’t want to pay him enough for his services. So he said bye bye to the franchise. As a result of Andrew Robinsons departure, last minute re-writes turned Hellraiser II’s script into the mess that it is. It feels unfocused and all over the place.
Around here, we start summer just a few days earlier with the celebration of Mr. Boom's birthday. This year we had only been back from Greece for a couple of days and G was still fighting jet lag but, the birthday must go on! We had a wonderful grilled steak dinner at my in-law's followed by, what else, cake and ice cream.
Don’t give into that temptation!
"It’s an image that can be reinforced and practiced at breakfast, lunch, and at dinner, no matter how old we are," Mrs. Obama said. "This is a quick, simple reminder for all of us to be more mindful of the foods that we're eating and as a mom, I can already tell how much this is going to help parents across the country."
“Magic Tree House” will hit theaters on January 7th.
SYMPHONY 00 "STUDY SYMPHONY"; "VOLKFEST" 1878 FINALE OF SYMPHONY No.4
“At the end of the day, it’s two wins in the first round of World Challenge TCB, and I’m happy.”
No biggie, I’ll just stop by Niketown. A few minutes later, the worst possible thing in the world happened to me:
There will be more on this project as we go along, but a good work session last night yielded these results:
"Oh, wow. Deep thought." Daphne rolled her eyes.
this picture is of my last quilt (or should I say latest)
Team S Table 5:
Disclosure: I received a premium gift package from the International Olive Council, including a Williams-Sonoma Salad Spinner, Crate and Barrel Salad Dressing Mixer and Crate and Barrel Serving Tongs for recipe development and review purposes. All opinions are my own.
Attention scientists and journalists: I want my word back. You don’t get to use it anymore, unless you want to admit that you are in the business of deceiving people. That word? “Ever.”
Until I was 9 years old, we lived in a little rented house in the valley by the Mankato airport. Mom and Dad tell me how poor we were, how difficult it was to save and scrape to buy the house they live in now. But they protected me well, and I had no concept of poor. There was a little ravine at the bottom of the yard with a creek at the bottom. A railroad track followed the creek, and I loved hearing the train's whistle and its rocking, rocking sound as it went by at night. There were swallows in the garage, goldfinches in the plum trees, salamanders in the grass, wild bleeding hearts along the road. Riches, to a little girl prone to fantasies and daydreams.
Get Sam and Ethan ready for the day (sometimes..sometimes we stay in Pj's all day)
Day 32
lost my wallet nowhere to be found.
She may not know it, but the white I used is the same color that is on the trim in my house! When you find one that works, I say, stick with it!
With that I awoke. Looking back, gramps was probably legitimately excited; he wanted me to finally meet grandma.
I’ve tried the numbing myself approach to everything. I can’t do it. There’s no fucking control. After you find something that works, this specific addiction, it starts to drive you. Takes over everything. Until it’s the only thing that really matters. You can try to act like other things really matter. But as with any addiction, it’s the only thing that truly matters. Your own little escape from the real. Maybe that’s what makes society work so well. That little fucking sense of inner peace people get when they give in to the fear and feel “normal” once again. Must be some sort of high. I wouldn’t know much about that whatsoever. Such matters don’t remotely concern me the way they should juxtaposed with popular views.
There are some fairly controversial or provocative themes in Expecting Adam, and I could see myself writing about several of them because they do relate to me and my life, especially my life with Noah.
Andres Galaraga (Braves) vs. David Cone (Yankees)
First thought on regaining consciousness is “Bugger” swiftly followed by “Ouch”
based on competitiveness, compensation, service, underwriting and the strength
They Ridin Da Bench (Sixth man award?)
when the water is still.
Kegged: 01-27-2008
Therefore, for entrusting the said task, Dr Balwinder Singh Sohal, who was under the obligation of Bibi because of his employment at the dispensary of Dera Sant Prem Singh and was in touch with the family of the accused, was the natural choice.”
Obviously, this is just one perspective of many (philosophy has a field day describing and defining ethics), but I think it’s a fairly functional one. Feel free to discuss, argue, etc., and I’ll try to respond.
Bands like Dot Vaeth Group, Vomit Pigs, Infants, Bobby Soxx, Skuds and others started coming together and building a scene. Meanwhile, The Nervebreakers started gearing their sound in a more punk direction, though they still had more of a polished style than most of the newcomers since they had been playing together for so much longer.
Exhibit dates: June 1-28, 2012
The Paint Party goes on.....always lots of wonderful art to see so if you are in the mood for a party just grab a cuppa and hop about those blogs :)
Milan Petrović: I’m Slavic pagan.My religion is called Rodna vera, Rodnovery, Ridna Vira, Родноверие (same term in different Slavic languages)
to manifest themselves someday.
On Sunday night, while Mom was taking a bath, I went to my Uncle Andrew's room (after jumping the baby gate in Mom's room) and then ran to the bathroom door where Mom was. Mom opened the door and I already knew something was very wrong. Uncle Andrew followed behind me and found Mom obviously not doing well. Mom wasn't using her left leg, so he went and got Grandmom and Granddad. Mom's CRPS had spread to her left thigh and that left her unable to put much weight on that leg. Mom's thigh had been more swollen for a while, but Mom said she was in denial about it because was very scared of losing the use of her legs.
That’s why the words of a new song that I recently found recently echo so deeply within me. A song by Indica. Titled “In Passing”.
When it is just me and my hubby, Oldest, Middleson, and BabyBoy, I bake and cook like a mad woman -- almost everything from scratch. We eat well. We eat together. We ENJOY! My house is tidy and organized and we are content.
* combine flour oats, baking soda, cinnamon, nutmeg, and salt in a bowl. In a large bowl cream butter and sugars, addeggs and vanlla. then stir in pumpkin. Gradually add the dry ingredients. mix in choc chips and nuts. For a healthier version add raisins or cranberries instead of choc chips or add 2 cups instead of choc chips and nuts.
Our second craft involved an embroidery hoop with some easy-to-sew-through-burlap fabric for each girl. They stitched their monogram and further embellished their projects with some felt flowers and buttons. The girls did so well!
Monday – Saturday, 10 am – 8 pm
Just a year on the campaign trail, Palin’s out, and Perry’s short-term memory had just a-gone to hell,
528- More shopping done
1157 **D-III/25(A)/1993.“A Return to New York Times v. Sullivan.” In Edward J. Eberle’s constitutional law class. The School of Law, Oklahoma City University, Oklahoma City, Oklahoma. (Incorporated in Item C-1995(4), above, pp. 33-43.)
What I don’t like: Lacks web clipping feature.
When I joined Rachael Harrie’s Fourth Writers’ Platform-Building Campaign, my goal was to network with other writers and hopefully learn a few things about establishing an online platform for my pen name. The whole experience turned out to be incredible from both business and creative standpoints. I found myself in the mix of some pretty incredible writers, which makes my next bit of news all that more amazing.
About an hour later, I spotted him again, chowing down on a hotdog. He saw me, gaped at me in panic, and scurried off in the opposite direction—leaving some pens in his wake.
Alright, so the current album is an amalgamation of the past few days. One of those days… you’ve had them I’m sure, when you take a few random snaps but nothing really strikes you enough to make you unload the camera. Plus, your internet is down so you can’t upload anything anyway. Grr.
When do your best ideas come to you?
I’d just like to end this post with how much I love that one line in ‘Summertime Sadness‘. It goes like this: “I feel it in the air; telephone wires are sizzling like a snare.” A bit random, I know, but the language is borderline poetic and I always appreciate the little things.
I imagine from what you’ve written that you have some strong opinions about the adoption process and adoption agencies. How would you like to see adoption change in the US change in the next 10 years?
and a lot of love
Yet he cries, yet he sighs
Now that a date and location for the wedding have been determined, the minds and services of grooms can be put to good use in their areas of expertise – no matter what that expertise may be. You should know already know your groom’s strengths. Put them to use. If organization is his strength, the groom can work on seating charts. Perhaps wine tasting is a specialty. Have the groom choose the wine. Maybe your construction working groom could custom build a trellis for the ceremony – put those skills to use! The list in not exhaustive, but simply a starting place to increase the involvement of the groom in the wedding planning process. Remember one important fact. Use him or lose him early on in the process.
With Schumacher moving to Ferrari for 1996, Alesi and Berger moved from Ferrari to double champions Benetton. Fourth in the championship with 46 points, Alesi’s best total for any season. There were eight visits to the podium but no wins, although the crazy Monaco Grand Prix was his until wheel bearing problems intervened, AGAIN! Alesi’s relationship with Flavio Briatore was always a strained one and a kamikaze attempt to take the lead from row five at the start of the 1996 Japanese Grand Prix saw him destroy his Benetton B196 on the exit of turn two. Briatore was furious, as it allowed Ferrari in to finish second in the constructors championship and claimed that Alesi had crashed on purpose to help his former team. From that moment on, he was damaged goods at Benetton and 1997 was not much better. At the season opener, Alesi blatantly ignored constant pit calls to come in for fuel and ultimately grounded to a halt, out of petrol. ITV commentator Murray Walker summed up the mood in the Benetton pit during the race, as they looked absolutely furious at Alesi’s refusal to come into the pits. He said; “Oh Jean, you’ve got a major problem when you get back to the pits sunshine.” There were second placed finishes at Montreal, Silverstone and the Nurburgring and another pole position at Monza but Jean’s time was up with Benetton and he jumped ship to Sauber.
It is often recommended, especially if you have small children, to do a fire drill so that everyone knows where to go. However, I propose to add a level or to of practicality.
ticking like a terrorist
Overall : 7/10 - PD
About twenty-five feet behind me, V. had just decided she did not feel good, and was launching a mini-tantrum. Also behind us, a little old lady with shopping bags had just passed V. and Adinah, and was approaching me with that little smile people get when they want to make contact. She looked harmless enough.
Humphrey Bogart Dead End
When I was a kid, what was important to me is to write something with heart. I could usually feel it if a piece of writing is dead or if it has heart. I want to go back to that passionate writing.
and it snowed this afternoon.
Add the beans and garlic and toss with the oil and spices until evenly coated. Spread the beans in an even layer on a baking sheet.
and you will find rest for your souls."
7.) Sprinkle with cinnamon sugar coating, let sit for a few minutes, shake off extra coating back into bowl
Back out in the noisy sunshine, Michelle was anxious to get back on the water so we loaded Jacob into her kayak, she got in and we launched her back out to sea. Aaron and I followed soon after and as the other two headed back around the coast, Aaron and I headed out to a small rock formation, top heavy with vegetation. We were told there was an archway we could go through and pretty soon it was in view. A high arch, cut by the sea out of the living rock. We paddled furiously towards it as we were going against the waves. We reached the entrance but were pushed back and spun around. We paddled in a wide arc and re-aimed the Kayak at the opening. The sea had picked up momentum now and the waves were breaking all around, there was a westerly blowing in.
2. Seattle Storm
At least this kiosk offered fascinators made in the USA. A lovely Korean saleswoman arranged TT’s hair and coaxed a sale.
Thursday in therapy I was trying to tell my therapist how much him saying that I was a burden last week had hurt me. He explained that we had different meanings for burden. He didn’t want me to feel like I couldn’t take up space which is what it sounded like I was struggling with. And I realized that our definitions of burden were very different.
Jacket (Bebe, thrifted), t-shirt (INC, thrifted), skirt (Plum), belt (Gap), shoes (Enzo Angiolini, thrifted), necklace (Shi Studios).
I have learned good head talk works.
4.) Fixing preexisting problems.
Polenta: 125 grams, 0.9 l water (depends on what kind of polenta you use. We recommend using a bit more water than indicated)
You definitely do (or try to do) everything that Brylee is doing and it goes well most of the time. You sleep from 730 at night to 7:30 in the morning and you take one nap during the day. You are a very good eater....you will eat anything. You are still drinking soy milk and you will do that for a while since you are allergic to regular milk.
Hopefully this list will help you make some decisions. If you have any questions, feel free to ask. Will be happy to help.
I recently heard that the pharmaceutical companies are manufacturing less of these controlled substances, when the amount of children in the United States using them has been on the rise. According to the CDC, that approximately 9.5% or 5.4 million children 4-17 years of age have ever been diagnosed with ADHD, as of 2007.
For example, the British media have, of course, recently been lying about the Muslim riots, which have been occurring in Britain over the last few weeks. The lie in this instance is that the riots were caused by, white. right wing, extremists , and not the innocent cuddly Asian youths accidentally chucking bottles and bricks at the police. The truth, of course, is that in Birmingham and more recently in Harrow, small numbers of peaceful, white, anti-Islam protesters, exercising their historic right to demonstrate, (a right incidentally which the Left treat as sacrosanct when anyone else does it) were attacked and prevented from demonstrating by far greater numbers of aggressive young Muslims and UAF Thugs. Whereas in Luton two weeks before, the violence entirely involved Muslim and UAF thugs, again attacking the police, because no white “right wing” protesters even turned up.
I purchase it at my local health food store. On the Life Extension website it costs
-Amanda
(Boys and their toys.)
I made this a few weeks ago as a belated birthday card for a lovely DC friend and have been bursting to upload it! The image is Gilly from Prairie Fairy, who are very kindly sponsoring us, as are Ewe 2 can craft, you can read more about this, and also check out our fab teamies work by clicking on the link at the top of this post.
I had about 4 tablespoons of mixture left over and didn't have room for another muffin pan in the oven, so I oiled my mini quiche dish and made a little muffin cake instead. I sprinkled some extra demarara on the top and we shared a mini cake for dessert.
We must know Jesus to get to Heaven. This was the central theme of what Colton was saying. This is not inaccurate and very true. This seems to be Colton’s main takeaway from his “visit.” He got to have a “vision” of Heaven and came away with the only way to get to Heaven was to have Jesus. Otherwise, one goes to Hell. In a day when it seems that people want to deny Hell and deny that one even needs to have a faith and trust in Jesus, this is a good message, indeed. Unfortunately, this seems to be the only good message from the book, other than Colton surviving the surgery.
Writers get told to follow the rules. Rules in this case being proven guidelines of what works and what doesn't for an unsuspecting reader. I've come to learn that they are rather helpful, especially for new writers. Once you are acquainted with them and have successfully written your book(s) applying the rules, you are ready to break them.
Dad you are missed, we would share a Zeppole together today, Love J.
Well this year, I dropped 20 tickets into that drawing, and sat on the edge of my seat while the name was drawn. And.....it wasn't me. BUT it was the lady I was working the Silent Auction with....the outgoing Guild President who hadn't won anything, so it was nice. And it was also nice to be sitting so close to someone lucky.
The computer and internet has really proven to be beneficial for anyone, the only thing to be done is to utilize the use of the innovation of the internet for your own advantage. Starting an application for the online degrees you may want is the very first step you need to do now!
Sunday:
TUESDAY FEBRUARY 14TH @ 6PM
Having a verbal seven-year-old puts a parent in touch with many simple joys, but also gives a clear look into the dark-side of second grade. Which holds enough wrong-doing that Batman would have a difficult time keeping up with the perpetrators.
Oh, and I found what the strange Sunflower is called. It's 'Sunspot' and supposed to get 18" - 24" tall according to the packet.
Dolphins, rabbits (patently the normal, non-sinister variety), little birds:- not really very ferocious, and def. more for girls.
Advantages of the New PV-500EVO Portable DVR
Read and annotate chapters 7-8 of Black Boy for Monday.
But, while the girl spent all her free time dancing in clubs, the boy worked on his art so, they never ran into each other. (Okay, so perhaps he watched a lot of television. The outcome was still the same.)
Whimpsy Stamps
You can use an “A, B, C” framework to discuss how to manage change
They had tried every possible way to save the ship and in verse 20, they had given up. It says, “All hope that we should be saved was taken away.” But now they perceived that out there, not too distant was land. They could not see it for it was night time but because of Paul’s words and their human understanding they knew it to be true. They sought to make a dash for it but that was not God’s way.
Most of all, he wrote stories that capitvated me.
I recommend it for: Anyone who loves history, and feeling like they’re on a journey; AND/OR Someone who only has short times for reading because of the vignette format.
Islam has many religious practices, but to simplify things down to the very basics, there are only five essentials – commonly referred to as the ‘five pillars’ of Islam.
Cats vary greatly in their “talkativeness,” but most of them will give an “acknowledgment” call to people with whom they are familiar. This is a very short, soft “meow” uttered when, for example, you walk through a room where the cat is sitting.
Another wide area! Books on society and women (Female Chauvinist Pigs, Living Dolls), books on society and children (Toxic Childhood, Nurtureshock), books on how television and the internet are affecting our lives, Jostein Gaarder's Sophie's World, books on Freud or Marx...
Later in the day/evening, I wanted to play Swashbucklers with a couple people. Rob and our friend Brent Lloyd agreed to play. This game was recently picked up by a publisher and time between our submission to the publisher and now, the game underwent a few tweaks. I wanted to play the game we sent to the publisher and then play the newly tweaked game with the same people to get their opinion.
It was just damn
Turlo continued as the verbal tour guide. "While most of Oz is mired in backwards-ville -- farmland and vineyards and family feuds, 'The EC', as it is called, is the center of sophistication. There's art and music. There are museums and these things called rock bands. They even have a way to talk with someone far away using a little box that you hold up to your ear." He shrugged and leaned back, looking up at the great walls that loomed before us. They must have been a hundred feet high, and still I could see the buildings rising over the top of them.
If there's reason to be pessimistic about same, however, it's that the US and China would both have to agree to do something to meaningfully thwart global warming. For China, that would mean altering the model of industrialization that has brought them unprecedented and almost miraculous wealth in the last couple of decades, not to mention a growing role as a global power. For the US, it would mean overcoming the ossification of decline, including the extensive corruption of the political process and Versaillization of the political media, that appears to have compromised our ability to achieve any significant reforms on any front. In other words...
I wish your mouth would really screech less.
Brouwerij De Ranke De Ranke Père Noël
The conflict, contrary to earlier predictions about South Africa, was not a race war. One of the major, and, for some people, embarrassing, problems confronting anyone examining the fatalities that occurred from 1984 to 1994 is the fact that nearly all of the victims were blacks, who were killed by other blacks. The depiction of violence as 'black-on-black' is a crude simplification which explains nothing. The real question is why these deaths occurred. Can they be explained by rivalry between competing political organisations? There was, of course, rivalry between the ANC and the IFP. There was also rivalry involving other organisations, such as the PAC and the Azanian People's Organisation, though on a smaller scale.
Spellbinder Die
So this flick was directed by a guy called Chris Gorak, he’d directed only one other film before and it was another post-apocalyptic film called Right At Your Door (2006) which I started watching once but had no time to continue. I will try and re-watch it again soon, especially since I’m on a post apocalyptic kick these days. Thing about Mr. Gorak is that he’s worked with a lot of famous directors like Terry Gilliam and David Fincher, but on a technical level; as art director and production designer. Gorak has done all sorts of jobs in all kinds of films and well; I guess he decided to put all that experience to good use directing his own film. With The Darkest Hour he finally got his chance to direct a theatrical release, unfortunately, in my opinion, Mr. Gorak still has a ways to go in terms of learning what makes a good film work. Making things believable even within your fantastical context is a good way to start. Also, trying to go for a bit more originality. As it is this feels like a low budget version of Independence Day. I can watch aliens falling from the sky, but if you show it in a believable fashion I’ll believe it. That’s the magic and illusion of movies anyways, making us believe the unbelievable. But if you give me these cheesy looking aliens, then your movie goes down a couple of notches, sorry dude!
Memorial Day was officially proclaimed on May 5, 1868, by General John Logan, national commander of the Grand Army of the Republic, and was first observed on May 30th of that same year. The first state to officially recognize the holiday was New York in 1873. By 1890 it was recognized by all of the northern states, although the South refused to acknowledge the day until after World War I, when the holiday changed from honoring just those who died fighting in the Civil War to honoring Americans who died fighting in any war.
I mailed out these invites to the girls:
“It also makes a mockery of the Parliamentary Select Committee (PSC) as these amendments were hidden from them,” said Ambiga, referring to the committee’s findings and recommendations to the government earlier this month.
This time is definitely more about my husband and his side of the family. However, she now knows just how I always felt about her. From the moment we first met, she was willing to talk to me and share. Maybe I was just really willing to listen. She took the pressure of joining a family and made me feel like I just might belong. I don't have much to remember her by, except for a few pictures and the conversations that were had. I do have two items that she gave me and they have always been front and center in our home. One sits at our desktop and the other I used to wear daily on my right hand, until I found it to be too fragile for every day wear.
Just found the Blogger app so now I can post from my phone. Maybe now there won't be such a lull in posts. There has been so much happening I will just start fresh!
NOAM CHOMSKY
Year of Release: 1970
“The salt and silt have rendered the land infertile and useless for farming,” he said, adding that the people were plunging into deep poverty in the area.
… I choose to remember.
it and wanted to buy one. I actually enjoy doing
That was probably more than you ever wanted to see of the Florida State Fair, but I just can't keep myself from sharing all the fun sights of the Fair! I pray that you make it out to the Fair this week or if you live in another state, that you make time to check out your own fair this year. By the way, if you're worried about the cost, enter something in the fair, and you'll get a free ticket! Can't beat that deal!
All the assassinated US presidents and politicians have had patriotic monetary and fiscal policies and were against secret societies of bankers.
MARCH 5 — Thanks to s**t stirring MPs like Zul Noordin and “newly independent minds” like Tan Tee Beng, Datuk Seri Zahrain Hashim and Fairus Khairuddin, one can hope that the majority of Malaysian voters have been taught a lesson they won’t soon forget.
* Put everything white and light colored in one and everything dark colored in the other.
A minor rant:
Let’s get real. 4 teams is just going to be 2 SEC teams every year with the Big Ten, Big 12 and Pac 12 fighting for 2 spots. Schools like Ohio State play easy schedules in the Big Ten (sorry, it’s an awful conference every year since the spread happened and if you would like to argue, please don’t do so to a USC fan who has seen Iowa, Ohio State, Michigan, Illinois and Penn State all in winning seasons barely compete) and they travel well so they will always get a spot. Last year, out of nowhere, the Pac 12 was probably the 2nd best conference at the top. If I give LSU and Alabama their cred, the Pac 12 had 3 teams in the AP top 6 going into the bowls when USC was too handsome to participate.
Light be, oh live and see
Green Day is locked up in the studio in Oakland, preparing a trio of records for release in the coming months. ‘Uno’ comes out in September, ‘Dos’ hits stores in November and ‘Tre’ will be out in January. More info here.
Under the leadership of Mayor Karen Farbridge, programs of grandiose schemes and social engineering policies has brought the city to a state of dangerous financial condition.
The generational and social aspects of this don’t escape me. And this isn’t to say that if you want to argue that you don’t like piped in music of any sort at a college game that I wouldn’t listen more favorably to your griping. (I would.)
I have some theories. One is that black women embody and represent the future. We are also harbingers, like multiracial people, of changing family dynamics and relationships that will certainly shape the country before it changes our relationships around the world. After all, we were Mammies once and now, we’re either not having babies at all or we are happily having babies in interracial relationships — or, what? As single mothers.
But I am the dance, and the dance goes on
It calls for soaking the oatmeal in buttermilk for an hour before mixing together the batter.
My country has lost 2 more fine young police officers in the line of duty this past week and it tears me up inside. The USA has also lost fine Officers in the past week also, and a part of my soul goes along with a part of my spirit everytime I see another LODD notice come into my e mail inbox. On occassion an LODD is unavoidable such as MVA's when an Officer is hit from behind while on a traffic call and his/her cruiser is pushed forward and into them. I say unavoidable but that's not true, sure they can be avoided but an Officer's mind can only process so much information at one time, and the Lord has not provided the human race with eyes that circle our heads. Even the loss of a moment's concentration can lead to a tragedy , a needless loss of an LE life.
I have SO SO much to catch up on!
After a trying flight I'm here in Tucson. An hour spent de icing on the runway and screaming children made for a rather exhausting flight. But I'm here and it's sunny and there are cactus everywhere!
Penguin Paperback
"We were extremely disappointed that Israel has not renewed the settlement freeze which expired in September 2010.
Journal and Courier
I feel a bit more settled in today, especially after my morning classes. I had two classes of 2nd grade middle school. The school system here numbers students by their school, so instead of saying 7th grade, it is the 2nd grade of middle school assuming that the elementary school had 5 grades. I think elementary school actually goes up to 6th grade but I’m not sure.
That this book hasn’t got 5 instead of 4.5 stars was due the fact that while the premise was absolutely great and should have been properly explored that wasn’t done. Unfortunately here the inexperience of the author shows: she takes the easier route. Instead I’d have loved seeing a more indepth treatment of both the characters’ shortcomings and background.
Yup. The boy was flushing himself.
Leaders of Auburn's downtown cultural institutions in association with the Business Improvement District (BID) and local businesses kicked off the first "First Friday" monthly celebration on July 1st. Of course, aaduna Board of Advisor member, Billye Chabot (executive director of the Seward House Museum) was instrumental in initiating this endeavor to draw residents and visitors to the downtown area of the City.
Here are 8 great scenic drives in South Florida.
The daughter, who at 21 possesses more self awareness than her parents, hit her dad on the arm and said, “Let the instructor answer!”
This past week I took my first grade class to see their production of Miss Ophelia (a play based on Ophelias Schattentheater by Michael Ende) and was blown away! They consistently offer high-quality, dynamic and engaging shows and their equal access policy pushes them even further ahead of any other theater for young audiences in New York City.
2 pkgs ramen noodles (use the seasoning packet for something else)
Dahlia Seed - Teas! 7" ... Theologian Records 1994
Bling: Ribbon: Michaels; Liquid Pearls: Ranger, Button: Epiphany Crafts (LOVE THIS PRODUCT!)
worst part was that it wasn't the first time I had received it.
Methi leaves-1cup,minced or chopped finely
Now all I have on my list to do... rehang wall art, find a coffee table, paint our tv stand, maybe dye our curtains, and learn how to slipcover my $1 skirted circle ottoman find. Pics to come soon!
COMMITTEE MEETING SOON
“He’s a punk!”
What's more, he goes further than both of this week's reports by widening the scope to draw comparisons with similarly daft lefty tomes.
Also note that this is also an issue because of the Conservatives’ claim that “radical foreigners” were injecting themselves into protests against Canadian oil policy decisions, even though radical foreign oil companies have been doing so with the Conservatives’ blessing. Taking the Conservatives at face value, they should be calling for Americans involved in door knocking to be charged, too.
Do you have someone in your life that is always happy? Smiling all day long and enjoying every bit of life as far as you can tell. How do you feel when you interact with this person? Do you feel better when you talk to them? Do they make you want to be happier yourself? So what is holding you back? You could be that person in the lives of so many by making the simple decision to maintain a positive attitude no matter the situation.
After you've decided on the number of blocks you will be making cut 4" squares from each color to equal the total amount needed. For instance, for the 12 block size you chose 4 colors plus a "pop" color, so cut three 4" squares from each fabric and one 4" squares from your "pop" color for a total of 13 squares (12 squares divided by 4 fabrics = 3 squares from each and 1 from "pop" of color).
As I walked through the night bazaar, I was reminded of why my heart breaks for this country. Young, beautiful girls dressed for success -or at least for the night. The men that they're with are so dirty. Don't these girls see what I see in them? The potential to be so much more than a one night stand? Why do women easily fall into the trap of finding their self worth in such creepy men. It disgusts me to see such degradation in this world. It really takes Genesis 3:16 to a whole new level. It must sear the heart of God.
This photo was shot on a subway during a recent trip to New York City. Can you see the harpist in the background? Too much fun!
In short, if you like horror films you’ll love it. If you want to be entertained you will be. If you like Joss Wheedon, you’re already spamming me with hate mail…
Bernie was next, with one of her usual funny posts to make you smile - seems this past week a few of us have been battling with Mr Blogger :) And what a card Bernie brought to show too, here. The most gorgeous butterfly and lots of pretty flowers - a real beauty! Plus, a very clever trick to help disguise foam tape or pads. Thanks for that Bernie - and the profile photo is great, so well done on not giving up when Mr Blogger was stamping his feet!
maybe I will see guns bombs and bullets
The roe deer is chestnut-brown, roughly the size of a goat, and native to England. According to the British Deer Society, it’s not too difficult to spot roe deer on a walk in the woods.
From the crashing, urgently dramatic announcing bars of The Great Pan Is Dead, sheens of gothic 1980s veneer actually conceal something much deeper, more uncomfortable. A nocturnal shot of adrenaline to the heart of a paranoid urban dweller, Eisold's coal-black, almost deadpan delivery booms over synths at times misleadingly bright and airy.
What I saw was a set of boobs staring at me. There she sat, naked from the waist up!!
My other blog posts related to neuro-related situations (I don’t think the links are working, so you can find them by going to the “index” tab up on top:
529- Marc was able to come home safe after a long drive in the snow
DH has spoiled me terribly, and by that I mean he has actually spoiled me far too well, and has been most wickedly extravagant on things that I cannot return to the store. One of the things he gave me, having consulted with Destructo Boy, was a bottle of this:
sorry for my long absence but with podcasting, working and spending time with the twins it seems, that blogging fell behind. Plus I felt, that with writing shownotes (if that happend) I told everything about my crafting life and then there's the issue with pictures. I love reading blogs with great pictures but my pictures are always crappy. DH just is not interested in taking great pictures or make an effort to make them at least a bit interesting. So my pictures are kind of blah and seeing all the great pictures on other blogs make me kind of cringe when seeing mine.
You will get the link to download this ebook by email after you enter your addres and click ?et Inspired?button above.
Naomi Shihab Nye is one of my favorite poets. I heard her read her poetry once, and believe me it was wonderful. The first Naomi Shihab Nye conversation poem I am sharing is "Kansas" from her book Words Under the Words.
* Shoppers devote 8 seconds to view a book cover. The cover must stand out.
Second, I find the present emphasis on social activism disconcerting. Christians have always had a concern for the poor and an emphasis on loving their neighbors. However, Madsen argues that the church should emphasize social action in place of personal spirituality. That’s like tossing out the eggs to make room for more chickens. Also, the missional church movement takes upon itself to accomplish the missio dei (“mission of God”). Thus Christians should be involved in doing everything God is doing in the world. However, God does a lot of things without asking for our help. He judges and punishes the world for sin. Are we to help God with that? If not, then why do we think He needs our help controlling climate change? Why don’t we instead talk about the missio ecclesiae (“mission of the church”)? Christians should stop trying to take part in everything they think God is doing in the world and instead focus on doing what He has told us to do.
“Yeah,” I said, “groovy. I like that.” I said it again, my mind conjuring visions of bell bottom jeans with hot pink embroidered daisies, a lime green peasant blouse, a peace sign. How about Groovy Girl?”
I know you believe it might economically go badly if you started doling out some of the money of the top 1%.
who have even forgotten how to swim and how to ride a bicycle.
½ cup water
For the second year running, I failed to keep track of new films watched, which makes it difficult to write a comprehensive year-end post – I find that whenever I’m asked to come up with lists, my mind draws a blank if I don’t have a cheat sheet handy. But I’ve been asked to think on this, so I will – and maybe next year I’ll actually keep my list up to date.
Some of you may not know that a Blue Lantern’s ring operates a little differently from that of a Green Lantern. While it retains the same ability to create energy constructs (though out of the blue power of hope rather than the green power of will), it also has the ability to manifest a construct in response to the target’s specific psychosis in order to calm them, and inspire hope. This has been used many times in the comics to quell the red power of rage, or overcome vast amounts of fear, or to bring those targeted by its power out of depression. But what would happen if, say, Lex Luthor was the target of such a construct? Or the Joker? What would Nekron see? Or Darkseid?
Fabrics: Dark pink - rayon/lycra jersey, light pink - cotton jersey (JoAnn's - $8)
Over the last 21 days I learned that my body can survive on fruits and veggies solely and that given the loss of bread and meat, I missed bread the most. That surprised me. I’ve always been a meat and potatoes kinda gal. And I missed dairy, but not as much as I thought.
Beneath the emerald blue salt waves
1. You cannot learn entrepreneurship from and book, blog or talk.
"Worms"
But then I remembered, parents do that all the time.
Of an included challenge to one of Nokia's patents, Mark Durrant of Nokia said: “Nokia is confident that all of the 37 patents it has asserted against Apple” are valid,
At least it's not a chalky, thick pastel ;) It is, however, a yellow creme I could see myself wearing - it doesn't turn my fingers into lobstery coloured monsters, lol. Yellow is just not a colour I wear that much.
Everyday is A Wonderful Day
Spying undead giants lumbering about and manning the siege equipment, the group shored up and hastened down the road on the approach to the fortification; Emma broke off in the lead, endeavoring to make a quick approach to the blockade at the entrance of the base and vault it. Upon mounting the defenses however, Emma found herself suddenly assailed by twenty juju zombie spearmen in a phalanx behind the barrier–the barbarian felled and bleeding in her sudden shock and surprise. The spearmen again attacked the barbarian as she struggled to withdraw and her companions hastened to her recovery–and after pulling back, the group decided to make a return to the Camp in lieu of better preparing for the fortified position.
One of my favorite stouts. Substantial, without all the crazy that others try to introduce in an attempt to stand out. Like every Indian Wells beer so far, it's one of the best in the style. Although their IPA didn't age too well, their bock did and I bet this one will too. If they last that long, anyway.
I need to post new pics of 'The Plot' - my how it has grown, and the tomatoes are tomatoe-ing too. Particularly the Black Russian. Double yum.
I was given a product for free to write this review but was not given any monetary compensation. The opinions depicted above are my own, others may have different outcomes.
Whew!!
Hey, there are parts of this that scare me and that I don’t particularly like. But these are the words of Jesus and He is clearly indicating that some folks are not going to heaven, even though they think they are.
SOLD thank you kindly!!
And I also pray and hope that I will keep in some sense this sense of total dependency...upon God. This accident and the events of this summer have reminded me, that though I never really was in control of my life....I wanted to be and tried to be, and to a small degree, perhaps, even might have thought that I was - at least a little :) But I know now that I am definitely not in control of my life. I cannot foresee or alter what is coming at me....I can only accept and react as God would have me to respond.
Our home was tidy, dishes done... laundry caught up...
For these tracks Mavin is joined by the Venatics (aka Russ, Joan and Neill). I’m assuming these three people are related to Mavin in some way – perhaps his long-suffering wife and two adult children? You can almost hear them cringing with embarrassment as they sing the lines of He-Be – Har-Be (All Join In), described on the label as a ‘disco/dance’. Released on Mavin's own Havasong label, I love the way that he has stolen its chorus from the Salvation Army’s battle cry, and the two-note trombone solo is a thing of pure joy, reminiscent in some way of the guitar solo on the Buzzcock’s Boredom – itself appropriated by Edwin Collins for the Orange Juice classic Rip It Up. Its flip Me-Me and You (a ‘disco/ballad’ apparently) is a sweet little love song with some nicely atmospheric guitar touches. But disco it ain’t.
curry leaves - 4-5
Here is the Tutorial...
Check your customer feedback to make sure you are delivering as promised and that your customers support your next moves.
The assault on the universities
Officer Downe
I do hope the tutorial has worked out
you odious little poofter!
And wailed, and writhed in vacant ecstasy. They
Olivia had yet another early release due to snow today (how many days until summer???) so after picking her up I ventured out to do a couple of errands pretty much for the first time on my own since the fall. Not just on my own actually, on my own with one of the kids. First stop: CVS. I am now the proud owner of a very fancy blue cane with red and purple flowers on it (Olivia's choice... she begged me! LOL).
To be fair to the PAP, there is nothing fundamentally wrong in Singapore recruiting more foreigners to boost its declining birth rate – the root cause of the problem lies in the way the policies are implemented which takes into little consideration the possible long-term impact on the rest of the populace.
xopeace
Anyone who goes to England sees London.
The context we are told to ignore. These riots have nothing to do with the death of Mark Duggan. These riots have nothing to do with rising unemployment. These riots have nothing to do with the cuts to education and youth centres. Simply mindless violence, we are told.
That’s because screenplays only contain brief descriptions of action, minimal indications of setting, and dialogue. Period. There are no qualifiers as to how the dialogue is delivered—that’s the job of the actor and director. No details as to the tone of the scene—that’s the domain of the cinematographer and art department, and later the editor.
Until I read this book, I'd had a vague idea that the short story was supposed to be sealed somehow, to contain a description of a significant moment that encapsulates the existence of a character, that provides them with an epiphany that sheds light on everything that has gone before. Few of these stories function in that way and, for me, the ones that are least bubble-like are the most successful. That is to say, the stories, like Pritchett's, where readers arrive at the end but, instead of having the impression that something has finished, have the sensation of having been plunged briefly into the river of these characters' lives and pulled out again, (the lives continuing to flow on, regardless), work best for me.
So, I am honestly asking my readers today (as I have in the past)… What suggestions do you have, for things I can do to encourage more interaction on this blog?
Where that time has gone
RUSHMORE (Wes Anderson and Owen C. Wilson)
After reading countless books on how to live your best life, achieving success, as so on, I have come to one conclusion, it’s the people who view their lives as a gift intrinsically, despite the things they have, that tend to see themselves as having the luck of the Irish.
Adam seemed uncharacteristically out of touch with his contestants this week. During Mathai’s performance, Adam was surprised to see an aerial acrobat swooping in half way through. He actually criticized that choice, insisting that he did not sign off on it. When Christina confronted Adam about his lack of involvement with the final performance, Adam had no defense. I also felt that Adam dropped the ball with his contestant, Pip, the bow tied boy wonder. Pip sang ‘Somewhere Only We Know‘ (originated by Keane), and was pushed to let go of his musical-theater background by Adam telling him to be unafraid of perfecting the notes and pitch. The result? A mess of high notes at the end, and a one way ticket home. While I don’t disagree with the decision, I think that Pip deserved more than he got from Adam. His blind audition was phenomenal, and he deserved a chance to sing another song like that one–not to rock, but not pop–a song where his true vocal ability could be showcased (musical-theater or no).
Cholesterol:102mg
Or – one could try to place himself in their shoes… …and dare imagine that their unspeakable, inhumane reactions and acts MIGHT be the fruit of the same sort of inner-desperation that brought Bouazizi to self-immolate, or brought Stack to crash his plane.
Synopsis
My son recently with his pocket and birthday money bought an ipod touch and saved up to get his own credit for it. It is linked to my account name so I can track what games he is buying – although interestingly - I have found he asks my permission before he buys anything anyway. He had been asking me over and over for a certain game that had some explosions in it - eventually I said “yes but - only the free version” and within two days he came to me to ask me for another game which was a cartoon game. He said, “that other one I got the other day, I’m going to delete it because people were exploding and there were big blood splats” I watched as he deleted it and thought how he had come to that decision all by himself and was proud that he could justify in his own mind and regulate what was not acceptable to him. If I had told him no and tried to explain I don’t think he would have got it but through experience he has learnt a valuable lesson in self determination, self control and decision making.
Enjoy. Oh, and did I mention… Play it loud.
- The great work continues at the Crown Heights Community Mediation Center, whose anti-gun violence mural project at Brooklyn Avenue and Prospect Place caught the eye of the Daily Eagle. There's no need to explain the value of such a project to those who live in the neighborhood, and it's something everyone can get behind. The final dedication and unveilling will be on August 29th.
To be honest, I didn't mean to, but a couple of weeks have passed and ...
short-term water storage needs (enough for a few days) and got a basic emergency kit to keep at home. My next step will be to get an emergency kit for my car—then I’ll move to my third priority and look at my food storage situation. I’m planning to add to my food storage in two-week supply increments—and as I build that supply over time, I’ll get other supplies like shelter and lighting together in the meantime.
(Probably because I'd just told him he couldn't go swimming or that we were out of milk or something. Kids.)
Varietal: Pino Grigio
“But Afrikaners like DF Malan hijacked the Boer patriotism and used it to establish Afrikaner nationalism. With one shot, the Boerevolk was robbed of their identity.”
Brodsky opined later that, given the “remarkable changes” in the calculations regarding Atlantic Yards, there was “not enough to tell you: is this a good deal or a bad deal.”
I vividly remember the intensity and significance of our first meeting. He would often do an exercise with new students that involved sitting across from one another, eyeball to eyeball, with the instruction, “Anything that comes into your mind that you don’t want to share with me, share with me.” It was astounding for me to witness and subsequently reveal the vast array of normally private, psychological material — shameful secrets, things I was embarrassed about and so forth — and to feel the unconditional love pouring through his eyes as he listened silently to all that came spilling out of me in what amounted to being a liberating confessional of sorts. The exercise continued until I reached my limit, my line in the sand, where there were just certain things too horrible to say aloud, and I didn’t, and he didn’t ask me to.
Two sisters. Teenagers. Maybe a little wild (okay, I'm totally making that part up). Daughters of a musician, growing up in the deep south. All their lives they hear great music: George Jones, Tammy Wynette, Cash, Willie, Emmylou. They start singing early. Naturally talented as well as beautiful. Then, when one is 14 and one is 18, their father kills their mother and then himself.
So if I were to ever be asked: “Is it Money or Love that makes the world go ’round?”..well..I think I’ve made that choice pretty obvious :-p
“…let us note that the very tradition, teaching, and faith of the Catholic* Church from the beginning was preached by the Apostles and preserved by the Fathers. On this the Church was founded; and if anyone departs from this, he neither is, nor any longer ought to be called, a Christian.” Ad Serapion 1,28 (c. A.D. 350).
He had no idea what to write in the letter. It felt like he was supposed to write a cover letter to the resume of his life. So long retired that his bones didn’t even remember what work was, it felt like an impossible task. Rising from the creaking wicker chair slow as his knees would allow, he puffed on the cigarette as he looked at his bookshelf.
"Go out there and turn over some thrash cans! NOW!"
He certainly made Nimrod look foolish. He will make the Antichrist and the devil look foolish. That is why Psalm 14:1 says, “The fool hath said in his heart there is no God.”
2 eyes
cabbage leaf pottery from Portugal.
If anything, I suppose the play can be accused of being highly manipulative. But I dare anyone to not surrender to Nixon’s performance. I can’t imagine the critics saying anything negative about her or her excellent cast mates. (Although, you never know, with those bitter old queens.) In the last scene, in a final act of heroism, Nixon stands in a bright, white spotlight, arms stretched upwards, completely naked. Not that her nakedness was the primary focus of the moment. But I did notice.
5. Pull the basting stitch together tightly, forming the layers into a ring. IMPORTANT: make sure that
after serving for 25 months.
I had first laid my eyes on it while I was celebrating my sister’s birthday at her friend’s gorgeous beach house.
Our North Korean guide, a little surprised that I had remembered the statue so well, explains that the original Kim Il-sung statue was replaced at some unknown time by a new one in which he wore spectacles and was smiling.
I had no idea until Don’s post my propensity to keep lists was something “old people … do”. I’ve kept lists since I was knee-high to a Coke bottle. Nor am I (as I like to tell myself) anywhere close to qualifying as “old”, at least in the truest sense of that word.
i wanted to elaborate a little bit on how i roll parenting-wise.
“No, it’s…”
As we passed the Harley Davidson store and made our way toward the Place des Vosges, we passed some interesting things, like the patisserie Gerard Mulot, which we’d previously read about on Paris by Mouth and were glad to see in person (And from which we had breakfast on a later day – best croissants of the trip, and we ate them every day – highly recommended!), and a shop with a 44-piece matrushka doll in the window. This is obviously not a great photo of it, but you get the idea. Whoa.
I told some folks who were here for a dogsled ride this weekend
WASHINGTON--President Obama returns to Chicago on Aug. 3 to mark his 50th birthday with fund-raisers at the Aragon Ballroom, with tickets ranging from $50 a person to $35,800 per couple, which includes VIP seating at a "Birthday Concert" where celebs will be performing and a dinner with the president. The fundraiser at the Aragon, the historic ballroom in Uptown, will be one of the biggest third quarter events, expected to draw in national supporters. Obama's 50th birthday is Aug. 4. The Obama team on Wednesday reported collecting more than $86 million in second quarter fund-raising over $47 million directly for the Obama 2012 campaign and more than $38 million for the Democratic National Committee.
For "Ms Sassy", "Sawyer" and I, Glendale is an easy drive from the office and a great place to destress after a long day/week. You get the ambience and menu of Katsuya without the wait, parking nightmare and the sometimes douchey crowd of the Hollywood location.
8. Complete the Couch-to-5K program in the next two months (it's a 9 week program). I've been feeling so sluggish lately (especially around 3-4:00 in the afternoon--I can barely stay awake, seriously), and I just need to do something to get some energy back. I also hope to start walking to pick up Breanne from school at least once a week (it's only 1/2 mile to the school, so 1 mile round trip. It's the uphill with a double stroller bit that always stops me from doing this). Anything to get a little more exercise into my day (without, you know, having to head to the gym or something). And then, once I complete the program, continue exercising 3-5 times a week. I'll decide at that point what kind of exercise I want to do. Perhaps a kick-boxing class?
“He died last year. He had endured that life for six years. He was found one morning on the mountainside lying quite peacefully as though he had died in his sleep. From where he lay he had been able to see those two great rocks called the Faraglioni which stand out of the sea. It was full moon and he must have gone to see them by moonlight. Perhaps he died of the beauty of that sight.”
But this past week I think I missed the coffee truck most of all. We had Standard Coffee Company when I was very young and later the Jewell Tea Company had a truck that came down our block when I was older. They also sold coffee, spices and other desirable products. Last week I really missed the coffee delivery truck.
No camera, no pics. Dang.
Watch the video ”Autumn in the San Juans” (1st video), ”A Dirty Job” (4th video) and “Train and Trail” (5th video) by clicking here.
Once again, the question remains: Do we have adequate weaponry in our spiritual armory to fight this enemy?
You had to write ideas, character sketches and dialogue in it. We were told to listen to people’s conversations and write down the bits we liked. The whole class became eavesdroppers. We could be found sitting too close to groups of people while we scribbled feverishly into our notebooks.
A deep voice? Shouldn’t it matter more what the voice actually says? For both Christian and non-Christian women that I’ve met, the answer is inevitably NO. Many women have children out-of-wedlock (40%), and the children of these single mothers suffer. 70% of divorces are initiated by women, which is also devastating to any children present. Presumably they selected a father for these children using silly criteria as above. It won’t work. And then children are raised without a father, and the cycle repeats itself.
At this point my wife hurried over, extracting a £5 note from her purse. The vendor was drawing back her leg and taking aim.
4 oz. flaked coconut
Cumin treated salmon
In other news I signed up for an animation course over the summer! I’m pumped, hopefully it’ll be fun and I’ll learn a lot about Flash and stuff.
Well, I woke up almost two hours later.
It reminds me of the trial of the Lord Jesus Christ. He stood alone before Pilate. From the time of the arrest in the Garden of Gethsemane, He was alone. I am reading Mark 14:50. “And they all forsook him and fled.”
And smoked away our pain
“If he comes round wit’ cap in hand, I removes the curse. Not straight away, mind, but after two full moons come and go.”
But more importantly, the paratextual approach can work tremendously well on a creative level. The most obvious example in the Davison era is The Caves of Androzani, Davison’s regeneration story, which gained an entire second level of buildup and suspense from the early announcement in Doctor Who Monthly that it would be written by Robert Holmes, a writer whose reputation the magazine had bolstered in its overviews of past stories. It helped, of course, that the story was phenomenally good and that the build-up to it was actually paid off by what was transmitted, but on the other hand, part of the impact the story had on fandom was undoubtedly the fact that it was built to in the way it was.
Paul Colditz, chief executive of the Federation of Governing Bodies of South African Schools (Fedsas), expressed his “shock and condemnation of this barbaric behaviour”.
I’ll be “going dark” for most of November, in an effort to get the first draft of the novel finished, so please accept my apologies while “service is temporarily disrupted”. Normal blog service will resume in December…
Frank, you are one of a kind.
For instance, practitioners of Falun Gong living in the U.S., Australia, and Europe – including many who are not Chinese – report being denied jobs or academic opportunities because of their religious beliefs.
04 - Bounty Hunter 02:59
Whiteout were predicted for great things but there were a number of factors that prevented this. They based themselves in Scotland when everyone was in London getting attention. They were signed to Silvertone, look at their management of The Stone Roses as an example of an independent record label that was not really into indie. Lastly the album is a bit slow tempo and has too many ballads. It may seem contrived that someone who enjoys Slowdive can criticise anyone for not being up-tempo.
Filming for a new blockbuster is to start soon at the new Cambridge studios we can exclusively reveal today.
Then she says that it is something that should be said face to face, and not in a letter (that sounds bad). We were told that because of trying to revamp the clinic and other issues (staffing, financial) they are cancelling baby group; next month is the last group. She said that if we had any suggestions we could talk about them.
What was Ancient Vedic Astrology like? This is my opinion. I am no scholar, but I have deeply studied Vedic culture and practice for more than half my life.
This Live Version is from Otis Rush’s 1986 concert “Live At Montreux” Otis Rush & Friends and was released in a DVD 2006. Luther Allison would also be featured along with Clapton.
News comes that my friend Laurie is getting weaker and has lost some motor control. Her husband says she drifts in and out of responsiveness. He's not sure how much longer she'll stay.
The crawling out
I turn it out onto the cooling tray and try not to imagine Mary Berry’s look of incredulity. Once it’s cooled, I can throw away the half that hasn’t risen enough, I tell myself. There should still enough petit fours for a generous plateful.
Terrace? Who needs a terrace when the sun is shining? Bring a bottle and a blanket and head to Buttes Chaumont Park or the canal.
All done now. It actually works out fairly well. I've had a not-quite-stellar couple of weeks physically, including a brutal bout of insomnia and (of course) a lot of back pain. That aside, it's still been pretty productive though. I finished the first draft of Harlequin, which may or may not be the sequel to Deception Enters Stage Left. I wrote the story to make. the. characters. shut. up. (Ever have a story like that? One that just wants to keep on going? Some gene in my DNA makes me want to write years' worth of fantasy soap opera. Not such a bad thing...) I'm getting close to finishing the final Covenants story--Defying The Covenants. We're shooting for a Halloween-area release on that one at AMP. Mythos has hit the backburner. My editor has the third book and I'm holding off on number four until I get Covenants done.
At the end of 2011, Canon launched it’s Cinema EOS lineup with the c300. At this launch, they also gave a sneak peek at a 4K DSLR as part of the Cinema EOS range. The fact that Canon has now jumped into the digital cinema world, while Kodak has since filed for bankruptcy protection and ARRI, Panavision and Aaton have stopped production on their film cameras, is hugely significant. Four years ago, this would have seemed unimaginable to many.
minimizes its negative impact on exclusive breastfeeding".
why I felt so weird,
1 bands
Yes, we were "coloring outside of the lines," our "tweaking" extended to other rooms on the first floor and involved moving lots of furniture, re-hanging pictures, moving lamps and accessories and the like. Why not? We had a blast and were able to accomplish an amazing amount in a few hours, I can't wait to share the "before & after" photos.
3 terms
So, there you have it, kids. My blog schedule. If any of you have one you'd like to share, leave a comment! What's YOUR blog schedule?
with the rest of the yummy veggies in there. and i used some of
I gently lay my fingers over his raised scar; touch his sternum, bumpy and bound together with wire. I can feel his heart trilling lightly, and I listen at the same time: thump-thump-thump-thump.
Mt. Rushmore
These days, Michigan's economy is notoriously terrible -- and even though old G.R. hasn't been hit as hard as, say Detroit, where at one point the unemployment rate shot up to 50 percent, times are still pretty tough.
I turned my wip into a PDF, plugged my Kindle in, opened my Kindle through ‘my computer’ and dragged-and-dropped my wip into the folder.Easy.
(May 17, 2007) “All that said, given the fundamental factors in place that should support the demand for housing, we believe the effect of the troubles in the subprime sector on the broader housing market will likely be limited, and we do not expect significant spillovers from the subprime market to the rest of the economy or to the financial system. The vast majority of mortgages, including even subprime mortgages, continue to perform well. Past gains in house prices have left most homeowners with significant amounts of home equity, and growth in jobs and incomes should help keep the financial obligations of most households manageable.”
Harrison
Fancy asking Santa for that.
A recurring dilemma our clients face is having a strong traditional advertising campaign and a well-built social media presence but not knowing how to combine the two. Integrating traditional advertising with social media helps businesses create strong, engaging campaigns that connect with consumers through several channels which ultimately leads to successful brand and message awareness. With 88% of companies projected to use social media tools for marketing by 2012, according to eMarketing.com, knowing how to integrate your social media presence with your traditional advertising is crucial. Bringing a brand’s audience online to it’s social media sites allow consumers to interact with the company, increasing the impact of their message and branding. In order for this to work, both traditional advertising and social media channels need to work together.
Here are a few links to peruse, feel free to add any writing resource links you think valuable to others:
Perhaps it is for later theologians and scholars to build on the foundation Calvin laid for an orderly kind of worship that he would not have been able to see clearly through his own cultural lens. If Calvin, in his context, could make concessions on a temporary basis, perhaps he has paved the way for more permanent changes in today’s context.
All you have to do is to dampen your rubber / carving stamp plate with some water... and put an inkjet print of your image on top. Press and rubb a little bit...
We will fight for our lives and that of our children
Comme un vase d'argile
The best thing I realized? That there is no future with this guy. And that is huge. I realized that I don’t have to settle. I realized that just because a guy asked me out (although technically, I asked him out), doesn’t mean he’s going to fall in love with me and we’re going to be together forever. After the date I was still excited, even though I knew then that it wouldn’t go further than friendship. And that was okay with me.
But the collaborative victory of the early part of the chapter is quickly forgotten; by chapter’s end, Paul and Barnabas have separated. The cause of this rupture? John Mark. On their first missionary journey, John Mark returned home halfway through (Acts 13.13). Paul seemingly loses confidence in the young man, but Barnabas remains an encourager to the end. He refuses to give up on John Mark, much as he refused to give up on Saul years earlier.
He received several commissions from his hometown, including a bronze statue of Gen. John B. Woodward for the Brooklyn Museum, a statue of the “father of Prospect Park” J.S.T. Stranahan, and a statue of Gen. Henry Slocum.
Yongrin: Before I wrote a song for Park Jiyoon, I already liked her music. The album itself is actually a result of collaboration among several other musicians like Lucid Fall and Kim Jong Wan of Nell. When I made a song for her, I did not really think that I should make a different song from what I usually write for Dear Cloud. I just felt that the song I wrote was suitable for her.
2nd time, a week after Raya, I on leave to go to the office, once again, she yet to back from Raya. No one could help, this round, I asked for the contact number.
South Korea appears to be taking seriously the latest attack threat from North Korea.
They are slowly biding their time for the next ice age. Then, they will descend upon us and take over the land. Then evolve back into dinosaurs or something (My anti-penguin plan hasn’t been worked out this far yet.). Whenever you see a picture or watch a Discovery Channel special on penguins, there’s no context of size. You just see a bunch of birds in permanent formal wear and a lot of snow. Well, what if I told you that cute little bird could walk up, peck you in the eye and then steal your wallet?
By paying higher taxes, you’re feeding the beast. By arguing for higher taxes, King is the animal handler.
Preheat oven to 350 degrees and line a baking sheet with tin foil.
On Boxing Day, December 26th I continued being social and attended a lovely party at a g/f’s house which they hosted on a rotational basis. Lots of friends from the yacht club that I knew along with many of their family members and extended family too. I hadn’t really felt like going out for a third day in a row, but I had a really good time and was proud of myself for making the effort.
So I apologized.
I've lived on the coast for my whole life with the exception of two years when I was a teenager and seagulls have always been there. I rarely even notice them unless they're flying by at the right time to add to a photograph. But last night when I decided to post about them I realized that they're quite cool birds. They're brash and pushy, competing with crows for our garbage.
However, after three years of university my eyes were opened to the changing world of the media industry. Stories of newspapers cutting staff numbers were starting to become a regular occurrence. Sub-editors were some of the first to go, leaving journalists less time to leave the office and find stories, as they now had to edit their own work.
more than others) so you could argue that a new Sigur Rós record is ‘conventionally
A network of suspected far-right extremists with access to 300 weapons and 80 bombs has been uncovered by counter-terrorism detectives.
Put the meat on the cheesed rolls and add caramelized onions and pepper. Enjoy!
We were discussing Room by Emma Donoghue, the book I had chosen as the one to start the group with. This was a book which a couple of members would not have bought if they had seen it in a shop but once asked to read it found it compelling and we all found it to be ‘unputdownable’. I will be typing up the discussion notes in detail sometime soon and they will be found under my book club section.
Called McDermott at the paper and said there's not much in the article on the R. C. Stevens Croteau investigation that Eamon couldn't have told him five years ago.
All of my fears and worries wash away clean with your smile.
On Brian Lehrer
Wow, I’m feeling a little better already. I think I’ll pull over to the side of the road, and take a minute to look up, glance at the heaven’s above, and gain strength from my belief in a higher power watching over me. Wait a minute…….. Is that what I think it is on that huge billboard on the side of that hill? Oh crap! We have less time than I thought.
William Mason — Professor Emeritus, Psycology
And all Israel shall mourn for him and bury him, for he is the only one of Jeroboam who shall come to the grave, because in him there is found something good toward the Lord God of Israel in the house of Jeroboam.
A favorite poem in our family is:
Stamps: Ribbon Hair Tilda by Magnolia Sweden
:..Tracks..:
The upgrade is free and can be installed using a PC or MAC. It’s available for Xperia Arc, Xperia Arc S, Xperia Play, Xperia Neo and Neo V, Xperia Mini and Mini Pro, Xperia Pro, Xperia Active, Xperia Ray, Sony Ericsson Live with Walkman. These models are all running with Android 2.3 (Gingerbread).
Nomination 3: The Beer Boutique - Putney
You see, they’ve disguised the bill’s wicked purpose behind an innocent name: “The so-called Student Non-Discrimination Act.”
The band's ethnic makeup sounds like the opening line for a joke — a Venezuelan, a Mexican, two Americans and two French guys walk into a bar — but the music isn't kidding around. On Canibalismo, the group takes its inspiration from Brazilian writer Oswald de Andrade, author of a 1928 essay about how cultures "cannibalize" one another. "Only Cannibalism unites us," Andrade wrote. "Socially. Economically. Philosophically. The unique law of the world."
Ballistic related evidence collected at murder scenes includes, among other things, firearms, fired bullets, fired cartridge cases, as well as a variety of chemical compounds commonly known as “propellant-powder residue” and “primer residue”.
3. In another large bowl, blend the eggs and sour cream with an electric mixer. Add stout-chocolate mixture to egg mixture and beat just until combined. Add flour mixture and beat briefly on slow speed. Using rubber spatula, fold batter until completely combined.
Prepare for Spring by joining Kathy Saturday morning and she'll show you how to create a number of handmade flowers perfect for adorning cards, layouts, packages, gift bags, clothing, brooches, and headbands...the list is endless. We shell out lots of cash for those pretty flower embellishments sold in the big box craft stores, but these can be fashioned from almost any type of material and are far more beautiful than anything picked up off a store shelf. Plus, they're handmade and you just can't beat that. How about filling a decorated box with these little beauties and giving them to your favorite crafter as a gift? Whatever you use them for, you don't want to miss this class!
In many ways, it was like the time I first went to demonstrate, at two in the morning, against Cruise Missile convoys coming back into Greenham Common. There was the reality of the Cold War, visible and suddenly undeniable. And also the reality of the war itself, which was the precursor to my young life, and which had carved its traces into my mother and my grandparents (and into my father, but it took longer for that to come home to me). It was a growing-up, a removal of the security blanket.
Is this getting you dizzy, too? Well that's the whole point of today's blog entry.
I hope this week brings such to you.
So Cindy Russell.... if by chance you happen to be at this months meeting, I will be there and I hope I get the opportunity to Thank You in person for making my day!
I love you with the heart of God.
-I unfortunately was there to attend the funeral of a great man. Dr. John Taylor died on a trip with his wife and his funeral was the Monday I was in town. I continue to pray for Raynor and Ethan and Tori, as well as all of his friends and family. He was a great man. For those of you who've ever heard me called or have yourself called me the "young shepherd," that nickname is compliments of Dr. Taylor.
Jaisalmer: 26° 54’ 42.42.40” N 70° 54’ 45.82 E (26.91178° N 70.91273° E ) Altitude: 233m
but that would take too long. This list is varied,
Joe Warner, who has now retired, was there the day Smith arrived at the prison 30 years ago. Over the years, he said, Smith showed him nothing but respect and he considers Smith a friend. Once a proponent of the death penalty, Warner said he now feels differently.
I admit this fall got a bit chaotic, I like to eat dinner and have drinks with the boyfriend every weekend. A few pounds crept back on from the holidays, but I still kept up my habits 90% of the time, working out at least 4 days a week. It's helping me realize that you can't stop living your life forever. Sometimes you have to travel for work, eat a delicous dinner your boyfriend cooked you, or just enjoy a few beers. And while I battled with feeling guilty and angry with myself for "giving in," I need to learn that it's part of life! I always use the term Diet Hermit and it's something that I don't think is realisitic. It's great for getting weight off more quickly in the beginning, but it's not something that can be done long term.
I was listening to Spotify as I studied, and the music was inturrupted by a commercial. This happens often, as I refuse to pay to get rid of the ads. And this commercial was actually new, instead of the Safeway Pharmacy commercial they usually repeat over and over.
and memory went along for the ride.
Farmer’s Neighbor #1: We just wanted to come by and thank you for all the hard work you’ve been doing to get ready for this year's growing season.
The Fighter is a movie that’s been lounging around for a while and has had various directors and actors committed to it. Now finally Mark Wahlberg and Christian Bale star in this true story about Irish boxer Micky Ward (Wahlberg) and his brother Dickie (Bale). David O. Russell returns to the director’s chair after some time away. His last major film to date was I Heart Huckabees back in 2004. The film is getting some good press and is a good contender for Best Actor, Best Supporting Actor and maybe even Best Picture.
Another reason there is for my love’s choice
Move yo hand, Stop looking at my feet,
My professional expertise is in literary analysis not law, but I do not expect Chevron and Gulf would have much luck barring other oil companies from using “gas station” on the grounds that Chevron and Gulf were the first to open ones. The term is used too generically now. Of course Marvel and DC can’t control generic use of “superhero” either. Other companies can call their characters “superheroes” within a text, just not in a title or an advertisement.
General comment: Water helps balance this somewhat, adding milk chocolate and blackcurrant that fades to menthol. I like this more some days than others. Score below reflects today's tasting, which wasn't its best. I could be 2 or 3 points better on a good day.
Library Loot
I was making a smoothie in the blender yesterday with my two-year old daughter and lately she is always desperately wanting to help with everything: “Can I do it? Can I, can I?” That may be the only thing Tom Cruise ever said that I listened to: when Oprah asked him how to avoid raising a spoiled child, he responded, “Kids want to help you; when they offer, let them help.” I always try to let S. help when she offers.
Thats it for this weeks blog. Watch out for an extra (special edition) blog entry later in the week containing some exciting news! As ever, if you have any questions or comments about this post you can email me: john@positiveimpactpartnership.co.uk
I also loved the high quality animation that the movie was able to afford. The fights looked great, including the times when giant monsters were flying around the screen fighting with samurai swords. It looked really nice and gave the fans of Naruto the opportunity to get some higher quality animation with a more put together storyline. I really enjoyed watching this movie and would recommend it to not only Naruto fans, but anime fans in general. I give this movie a 4/5 for a movie review.
The iOS 6 could be far but it is almost inevitable that Apple will make that leap sometime before iPhone 5 comes up. While there are no confirmed reports about iOS 6 as yet, because we are all still on iOS 5.1 and updates, the idea of wishlists for iOS 6 features has already begun. The iPhone is an excellent phone no doubt, but when you talk about iOS and the limitations it poses at many places, one is definitely put off by them. There is enough scope for changes and improvements in the iOS. When saying this, we mean the functionality because by looks, it’s far ahead and cool in all aspects.
Makes life so much simpler!! Spending time first sorting and then packing is silly. It'll be messy for a bit, but then it will be done!
Congratulations to the girls track team for their 94-37 win over Midview yesterday. First place finishes went to:
I then stamped the bamboo shoots (Stampendous) using Versamark again and this time added bronze mica powder. I thought it just needed something on the right side of the tag. Had to stamp it 2xs before adding the mica. It seemed to fill the space nicely. I tried to position the tag so that you can see the mica powder on the bamboo.
The feeling that I’m losing her forever
I’m happy with my success and the goals I have placed for myself this year. I am structuring my days to make sure I have more of a clear mind while I’m operating within in my purpose vs a chicken with its head cut off… (not a good look for me..)
HIV infections in the country,
I'm finally out of that honeymoon suite, but I think I'm going to start Ender's Game next.
After this happened, she decided to bark at me, getting all excited, and then head-butted me in my nose. Meanwhile Scotty, our "good dog" was laying next to me on the floor because I was sobbing like a baby from the intense pain on the left side of my face. I hadn't even realized that I cut my finger and shoulder.
so mine colours yours
I had the courage and played in Munich near the Marienplatz on the street and saw people's eyes after playing. I saw their feelings and know I met their hearts.
is how my "Nice" project is coming along. After the initial problem that was discovered after 7,000 words I am now back on track. The current word count is 15,020 (to be exact) and I am quite happy with that as I have managed to write at least a couple of hundred words almost every day and for me that is good going. I find that I really enjoy the days (like today) when I can sit down and have a good crack at it but I'm even enjoying the times when I can only fit in half an hour. Considering that this project is a complete change of tack for me I am quite happy.
The protagonist of the novel was a character I had written a few short stories around previously and it was fun to spend more time with him and delve a bit deeper. It was fun to write, and I thought a good short novel, worth working further with so I gave it a solid edit. When I was done the edit, I sent it off to my editor to see what she had to say.
The point being, if you’re an in-house marketer, it’s important to know where these missed opportunities exist companywide, and to secure wins with minimal efforts that integrate seamlessly into the activities these employees are already performing.
If it doesn't kill you it makes you stronger, right? Ugh.
I lie among the sons of men
My other phone rings.
The boy next to me is making his mom laugh hysterically. Highly doubting my mother would have reacted the same way. #mommymonster
Smog
They play Wednesday, March 18 1:00 a.m. @ Lambert's (401 W 2nd St)
I mainly wanted to draw your attention to Olafur & Nils first collaboration...Please see below :D
What do you notice here? What I think this comparison shows is that God has shaken us spiritually to come alive to realize how far away we have strayed in regards to what should be our first interest. What is this? Nothing should be more important than making disciples for Jesus Christ.
Champagne Glasses
The U-shaped table I sit behind, the one in O’Dell High’s media room, looks almost exactly like the one on Channel Ten News, the news station my foster parents watch. Since my foster father went to college with lead anchor, Carter Phillips, I think he feels sort of obligated to tune in. And speaking of obligated, that’s kind of how I feel today, thanks to my big mouth. I place my hand on top of the fake wood print and run my fingers over the smooth edges.
So I have decided, in the interest of the Gospel, to write an open letter to ‘Rev’ Young. I realize that he is successful in ministry, and that I am not. I realize that he has a very large congregation, and I do not. I realize that I am a nobody, and that he is a somebody. That’s exactly why I am writing to him.
Givin' me sincere looks, saying "you can trust in me".
I AM a happy person. I am so grateful
The third Monday (March 19th) Barbara Leonard is going to share a special Sherbet Sheep and Friends blog. Oh my. Don't tell Keebs, but Sherbet might be the cutest sheep ever. A sheep wearing wellies, gardening gloves, riding his bike around the countryside, visiting his friends? I don't need to say more.
Eh sakto one day, bigla sumakit tyan ko. I badly needed to go to CR just to ease the pain and para sumigaw ng SUCCESSFUL! I don’t want to make “pupu” sa CR sa floor namin. Ayaw ko kasing me makakita sa akin o di kaya maksalubong sa CR at malalamang pupupu ako (Paumanhin pu sa mga kumakain pu). So what I did is I went down to the other floor. To cut the story short I washed my hands (wink wink).
Jane answered, “When it’s done.” Patti was trying to figure out just how to work toward what she wanted to ask, but then Jane went first. “Mom, I want to talk to you about something, but I don’t want you to ask me any questions. Can you just listen and not ask me anything?”
I so enjoyed participating in last month’s 1book140 read-a-long of The Blind Assassin that I am coming back for July’s pick, Kafka on the Shore. Last time, I wrote about just the first sentence of The Blind Assassin. This time, I managed to make it through the first 48 words. Disclosure: I have read The Wind-Up Bird Chronicle but no other Murakami. Also, I have only read the first 48 words, so any correct guesses or horrible misses here should be judged accordingly.
ya'll are too funny!
Your sensor – once fitted – should act in the same method as a normally-open button that is pushed every rotation. Our sketch will measure the time elapsed between every pulse from the sensor. To do this, our example will have the sensor output connected to digital pin 2 – as it will trigger an interrupt to calculate the speed. (Interrupts? See chapter three). The sketch will otherwise be displaying the speed on a normal I2C-interface LCD module. The I2C interface is suggested as this requires only 4 wires from the Arduino board to the LCD – the less wires the better.
Likely - Run/Walk once a week minimum with a one week a month forgiveness making up on the next or previous week totalling 4 times a month, but only of which 2 are in the same week
Both women have followed the Don Imus-Al Sharpton script, which was great for Hanson, but not so good for Schlessinger. Schlessinger made the mistake of apologizing to Hanson, who of course denounced the apology. Was Hanson’s call a set-up, in order to “Imus” Schlessinger? Do cows fart? After all, lefties have been trying to destroy Schlessinger for years.
The Kindle might, in time, spur a revival of the short story. If you can buy a single song for a dollar, why wouldn’t you spend that much on a handy, compact package of character, incident and linguistic invention?Exactly! Read the full article here.
His love was so deep – that he took the unpopular route because he wants and wanted what was best for us.
I just couldn't resist with the change in seasons and drop in temperature to choose a …... (drum roll).....Spicy Soup! For this months challenge you can make any soup you want, (inspired by any country in the world, recipe or just whatever you happen to have in your fridge) so
Method.
God Bless Us, Every One.. source- Tiny Tim
In all, a little over 55 lakh voters will exercise franchise. This time only “keshdhari” Sikhs (who have given an undertaking that they strictly follow the Sikh tenets) have been included in the voters’ list. During the last SGPC elections in 2004, “sehajdhari” (clean-shaven) Sikhs were allowed to vote too.
But I do love the snow! I don't drive in it, so I have no reason to not like it. I just look out the window and see how pretty it is in my subdivision. It's all going to melt away over the next few days though because it's going to be warm! You know, like 35 degrees instead of 2 like it's been the past couple of weeks. I guess we'll take what we can get during the winter!
I bought numerous copies of this book 'just in case'
Anyway, remember my little bamboo chair that I bought for $20? I had the cushions redone, and I picked them up Monday. I love them!
Stunned by the beauty, invigorated beyond belief, I continued on the drive that I’d taken thousands of times before. Heading north on River Road, whispers of “Thank you, God,” floated in my brain. Still and amorphous, the words vibrated in syncopation with stirring grasses.
Buy big screen TVs online and you can save money and time. Read here for a short review of the current bestselling big screen TVs.
Application needs one, and only one, instance of an object. Additionally, lazy initialization and global access are necessary.
“Mindfulness means paying attention in a particular way: on purpose, in the present moment, and non-judgmentally” ~ Jon Kabat-ZinnFor more on mindfulness by Jon Kabat-Zinn I recommend "Toward a Mindful Society" from the Shambala Sun Magazine March 2010.
‘You don’t have to say anything at all.’ Jason was saying, his breath warm in my ear. I swayed in his arms, barely registering what he was saying. All I could think was how much I loved him, and by some miracle, he loved me, too.
Chandler: And you don't think taking care of our chick is work?
Binyon, T. J. The Detective in Fiction. Oxford: Oxford University Press, 1989.
The main features of the new system
Can't Buy Me Love?
After galavanting around the castle we had a spot of lunch in the town and then had a look around. Even though we'd been to Lourmarin before, there's always something new to be found.
It was taken from door to door around the village with the party, normally dressed up as sergeant, Merryman, Punch and Judy, leading the Mari to the door of the house and engaging in poetic contest, often singing as many as fifteen versus before they were allowed to enter the home.
I feared for my country, that they would want to loan me $80,000.
Five-time Women’s Basketball National Championship Coach;
This darling birdhouse was colored using Copics and embellished with a glitter gel pen around the heart and the vines.
David Castle Music. Cool studio temperature. Prayer. Coffee and donuts. Clouds and rain. Tears. Laying down big back washes. Mixing paints. Silence.
The first oil I was sent was the Omega High Five Cooking Oil, a blend of five tasty virgin cold pressed oils, rich in omega 3, 6 & 9, consisting of Camelina, avocado, virgin olive, high oleic sunflower and toasted sesame oils. This is a naturally nitritious cooking oil, which keeps it's flavour and goodness, even at high temperatures. I've been using it for about 2 weeks now in salads, rice, vegetable and meat dishes, stir fries, sauteeing and generally using it as an all purpose oil, with great results. I find the flavour very pleasant without overtaking the flavour of whatever it is I am cooking or tossing it with. I even used it one day in a carrot loaf and it was fabulous. If anything I liked the end result better than when I make this loaf with ordinary sunflower oil. There is a tiny hint of sesame flavour in it, which is quite, quite acceptable.
Pearls: Kaiser Craft
I just look like one
As I’ve stated a number of times, what concerns me most is that the neo-geos are so willing to undermine the Magisterium if it will help them prop up their pet belief. It’s unseemly and un-Catholic. The Magisterium of the Catholic Church does not “abandon” doctrines of the Faith for centuries. Period. The Popes and all the bishops in communion with them do not allow the spread of a “formal heresy”, even promote its spread, for hundreds of years. This is completely incompatible with a real Catholic dogma, namely, the indefectibility of the Church. The neo-geocentrists have not yet even attempted to harmonize their views with that dogma of our Faith.
1/2 tsp. dried oregano
Y. Yummy food that you make: Sweet chilli salmon. So good, though I do say so myself.
While Sampson was tearing down the Hoosier’s good name, unassuming but infinitely competent Tom Crean was continuing to build Marquette University Basketball into a national power having taken his Golden Eagles to the Final Four and developed NBA mega-star Dwyane Wade, among others. Then, Tom Crean’s phone rang. Bloomington was on the line asking Crean to take the IU coaching job.
They could have, but Jesus never commanded them to. For some reason, the One who chose the nails also chose the saliva. Along with the spear and the sponge of man, he bore the spit of man.
Or how about George Galloway recently elected MP for Bradford West.
Miami-based ABC Charters, a company that has been offering flights from Miami to Cuba, has secured landing rights in Cuba for flights from Tampa, the airport said in a press release. Tessie Aral, president of ABC Charters, told the airport that the first flight from Tampa to Cuba could start as early as Sept. 10.
heads down in tall grass,
I'm hoping I can get a diagnosis and start my way onto being well again. This all kinda stinks.
Comes with baby insert and Machine Washable Cover
Yesterday, I also worked on putting the rest of my French Country place mat tops together. Next, I will layer and quilt them, which should go quickly as these will be turned inside-out rather than binding, so that *should* make things go quickly!
Identifying real jade from fake jade can be increasingly difficult. The most common fake jade is made from glass. As it is hard to shape or grind then glass often lacks the fine detail or relief of real jade and may also contain tiny air bubbles. Jade also has a distinctive greasy look that is difficult to fake and the mix of colours that you also find in jade is difficult to mimic in glass. Unlike some other fake materials jade shows little or no fluorescence under an ultraviolet light. Perhaps the most reliable test it to measure the specific gravity of the piece, although this is usually a little impractical to do in most street markets. It is also now common for jade to be 'enhanced' - this can be through staining, dyeing or chemical bleaches.
Take care everyone and have a great week ahead :)
At the moment we are some where between Katherine and Tennant Creek. I have no idea where. Kylah just asked Ben how much longer till we get to Tennant Creek and he said 'one and a half hours'. Kylah replied 'oh good, that's not too long'.
Military intervention may or may not be the right idea, but people supporting KONY 2012 probably don’t realize they’re supporting the Ugandan military who are themselves raping and looting away. If people know this and still support Invisible Children because they feel it’s the best solution based on their knowledge and research, I have no issue with that. But I don’t think most people are in that position, and that’s a problem.
who multi-task efficiently,
I’ve talked before about how I feel that self-publishing is working, at least in part, to deflate the value of books. I’m not one who is willing to blithely accept the notion of “sell it for what will sell the most copies.” I don’t subscribe to the dollar book pricing. Yes, I understand some writers make money this way, and economics in the digital world is a different animal than the physical, but I am still holding to the idea that books are worth more than a buck, regardless of what works.
I wasn't planning on it serving this purpose, but it didn't take long for my youngest to figure out that it also makes a handy step stool. You will usually find it right smack in front of the sink instead of tucked away in the corner. We're still working on putting it back in it's place. :)
Baalzebul–the very archduke spoken of during the Army of Light’s first foray against the forces of Orcus so long ago; when Vang had received the ritualistic scar was uncertain save that it must had tied into his earliest years–prior to arrival at the orphanage. Distressed at this discovery, Vang reconvened with the others and immediately sought to send word back to Vigil and the Matron of the orphanage at distance–only to discover that the woman, long since retired, had departed heading northward from the city some seven days prior in the company of a group of robed monks. Before long it became clear: ever more answers awaited within the walls of the temple-city of Tsar.
that the real work begins.
The deadline for applying is noon on Friday 27 April 2012.
Welcome to Round One of the Christmas Cards & Cookies Blog Hop! There was so much response to the Christmas Cards & Cookies Blog Hop that it had to be split between two weekends. This is Round One and begins Saturday, Dec. 3rd, continuing through Sunday, Dec. 4th. Round Two will be held next weekend. We have a talented group of women who love papercrafting and baking. Each of them is sharing a recipe for a yummy Christmas treat along with a Christmas card or tag. Hopefully, you’ll pick up some great ideas for your own Christmas gift giving this season. So, grab a cup of coffee, sit back, and enjoy!
I have to really watch him around Maggie.
Anywho, even tho a prom dress was chosen as the bridesmaid's dress there are a few issues.
This place is so good I want to move in. And last time I was out West I pretty much did. To call what they serve a taco stems more out of utility than fact. What you get is a combination of the freshest, most unexpected ingredients wrapped in a crispy dough that perfectly marries tortilla and naan. There’s a constantly updated beer list and freshly made juice and if you’re smart like me, you’ll order both and mix them together. I call it the “Brianna Special.” A name that might have come from having too many Brianna Specials…
"I'm so sorry. I had no idea. Work has been so busy, and I stayed late to try to get caught up. I completely forgot it was Valentine's Day."
Proper Job - (IPA)
Okay, so I survived my first meeting back on the program. I'm in love with my leader. She's originally from South Africa and has this awesome accent. She could probably read the phone book at the meetings and I would listen.
I do have to admit that I can see how someone might get drawn into this kind of thing, the excitement of shopping at the supermarket, browsing furtively for just the right piece, not too many holes - it might crumble, good weight, nice firm feel to it. Adrenalin pumping you take a quick look around, has anyone noticed? That fat bald twat of a deli manager seems to be watching you out of the corner of his eye. Does he know? No, he can't....Maybe he does it too? Can't be the only one, must be millions of us.... Right, nice bottle of wine....Have the right change ready for the girl at the checkout for a quick getaway...Why is she smiling like that? Shit, she's onto me...What if I do buy a lot of Swiss Cheese? It's nutty and delicious and a treat to eat....Getting nervous, blushing, sweating, hard on, can't stop thinking about it....lovely cheese, me and you alone, fuck 'em, I don't care if they do know, I'll shop at Whole Foods from now on... Fuck though, it's much more expensive and kind of out of my way and there's always a long line but I must have you.... The wife, the kids, the job...all gone, all for you....See what you are doing to me? I'm gonna learn ya, ya dirty little fucker. Wait 'til I get you in the car.....
Intrigued by Ronald Hutton’s assertion that “Wicca” (meaning the wiseones) is the first all British religion given to the world, I approached his book The Triumph of the Moon as my first serious study of Wicca and Witchcraft with an objective attitude and without any preconceived perspectives on the matter. As anyone who has read any Hutton will already know, his books are academic, copiously referenced and invariably not a light read.
During this evening (7:00-9:00 pm) my mother has been hosting a so called Home Party for the company Perfect Home (Site in swedish, finnish and danish). It’s a kind of gathering when you bring home a person who’ll show certain things to your invited friends. In this case there were decorative items like kitchenwear, lanterns, candles, photoframes and such. Really nice actually, calm and soothing. But during the day, before the “show” I cleaned my whole room really thoroughly wich was so(!) needed! So many dust rats (and bunnies)! Haha, but now it looks quite pretty in here. One of hour neighbours came in and told me that my room is very, very nice and that I have good taste. It made me so happy.~
Kate celebrated her first Easter. Because of the move we had a low-key day at our house that involved a lot of packing and a trip to the park. And her first Easter basket of course.
I have done it now for two years. One day in April, I go without shoes. It is in hopes of someone asking me why and thus the opportunity to encourage them to do something about people in other parts of our world who do not have shoes.
“Sorry! You’re sorry? He strides towards Hamid and pokes him in the chest with his walking stick. “Do I care about midgets and mother in laws? Get your arse up!”
As the new Communications Chair for our synagogue, it is my duty to assemble the quarterly bulletin that goes out to shul members.
But no. On this day, a new low was reached.
Same deployment zones. This time deployment of troops was a bit more ordered. Gabriel created small units, and I did too thinking of getting the most effective combinations of pikes, 2 handed weapons and berserkers. I put my orc archers in the middle, giving the impression that I was really interested in shooting. This worked because the main reserves went straight to them while I tried to slaughter the scouts on the sides. The Evil side deploys after all Good models are on the table, and with this battle plan in mind, it was a very big advantage.
The owner said his club routinely takes care of high-ranking employees of the U.S. Embassy in San Salvador as well as visiting agents from the FBI and U.S. Drug Enforcement Administration, KIRO said.
Bill C-279 could finally put an end to that, but it’s received practically less coverage in the media. If you want to do something about this, call your Member of Parliament and explain to them why this matters. Sign the petition at Change.org, and spread the word about this bill to everyone you know. Protection from discrimination is crucial in allowing every citizen to have a fair shot at achieving their full potential, without being held back by anyone’s prejudice. We should all be able to participate in society on an equal footing, regardless of how we identify. Do the right thing, and get Bill C-279 passed.
As the Dutch politician Pym Fortuyn put it in a television interview the day before he was killed for criticizing the rise of Islam in Holland, “I think the guests are trying to take over the house.”
There are 2 main categories of items that have no proper home in my closet :: suitcases and folded clothing. We have plenty of hanging space, but for jeans and tee's, there is simply not enough room in the dresser that already lives in there. I will probably solve that problem down the road with an inexpensive Ikea dresser like the one below. Until then, I'll attempt to keep my jeans and tee's nicely folded and stacked on the horrible wire shelving. I can't help myself, I have to say "horrible" every time I say "wire shelving."
Looking at the other bakes, I think I did something wrong, since my fruit and nuts sank to the bottom (which is the top of the cake) but who cares? They were there and they filled their requirement. This
How about the Dow Jones?
Does anyone else do something similar?
Keep on moving, keep climbing
Sam Goldfeather”
Sun King - Cream Ale, Indianapolis
One week after the photo or picture is posted I will pick one offering to put beneath the image. This is a way of celebrating exceptional creativity. Any and all posts are available for your creative mind to make an offering at any time (even ones where a writing has been placed on the front page like this one). If you are new here and want to offer to every image here, feel free. We are writers, WRITE! If this is your exceptional writing posted here on the Front Page Pictures, Poetry & Prose invites you to include the Exceptional Writing Award Button on your blog. Visit the Exceptional Writing Award post for the details and the button to download.
Cd 1 Analog 1 Side A
01. Dj Intro
working under Prof. Steven Connor (University of London) and Prof. Holly Tucker (Vanderbilt University, Nashville). After a brief time studying music and performing arts, living in rural China, and working for the National Health Service, Paul made the switch to cultural and medical history. He has never had a transplant and never received a transfusion - his interest in these procedures come from thinking about generally how we relate to the material world by making bodily transactions. He has lectured around the UK and Europe, and last year
Real Ale Morgul Ale- Another recent addition to the Mysterium Verum line. Our Porter (sans coffee) aged in Kentucky bourbon barrels for 7 months - ABV 5.6%
I'll first fly to Seattle.
In this article the journalist also wrote that Breivik was a ‘Nazi sympathiser’. And then, immediately after that statement, it says that he proposed setting up an English Defence League in Norway. (An English Defence League in Norway? Doesn’t this journalist mean a defence league in Norway?) Clearly this journalist wants his readers to make a connection between Breivik being a Nazi and his connections to the EDL. In fact, a link between Nazism and the EDL. However, the only thing he says is that he ‘admired’ the EDL’s ‘tactics’; which is hardly an ideological endorsement.
I have used origami in my present field as a deputy sheriff to console a distraught child or provide a few minutes distraction to a child who needed to be distracted from the goings on around them. I have made origami animals out of dollar bills, the tin foil from a gum wrapper, or a sheet of my notebook paper from my uniform pocket. Origami has truly been a fun and useful tool in my life.
79. Hi, the voices in my head tole me to come over and talk to you.
It is driving me insane, I find myself repeating the same thing overs and over again through out the day, everyday! For example, if one of them wants to get on the computer when one is getting off. They intentionally log off anyway and say they didn't hear them. When we know they did, because they made a smart comment to the other one. Well, not only are they making the other one angry. They are making me angry right along with them, because I am constantly mediating between the two and when they log off I have to go log the other one back on because it is password protected.
The Constitution permits Congress to authorize the President of the Philippines to promulgate rules and regulations of legislative nature only (1) in times of war or (2) other national emergency, such as rebellion, flood, earthquake, pestilence, economic depression, famine or any other emergency different from war itself affecting the nation.
I'm offering some blog candy here. It has a pack of MME Lost and Found paper, assorted WOC flowers, and some card candi. Just leave me a comment and I will post the winner next Friday. Now from here hop on over and see what Linda has created for the hop!
If you'd like to take that as a challenge, send me the website of an agency that says some form of "we look at all kinds of fiction including genres" and I'll post it with an apology. Two limitations: it can't be your own, and it can't be a scammer. All disputes can be adjudicated by Victoria, Ann or Dave. (You might not know who those folks are yet. There are links to their sites on the right hand side of this blog.) Or the Snarklings (those are the people who read this blog). They're pretty smart. One of them found you and gave me the heads up with a giant howl of laughter.
This morning I went for a walk with two of my housemates. The sky was clear, not yet sunrise. The moon was still near-full, high in the sky. Everything was covered in frost, hovering in the morning chill. It was beautiful. We headed to the same park the ritual took place in – it’s a favorite of mine, and close to where I live, perhaps a five minute walk. The ground was as solid as the pavement. The sky, pink and lilac and blue, slowly melted to the pale gold of sunrise and, when the sun breached the horizon, the moon was still in the sky, a fading ghost. Breathtaking morning.
09 Why Don't You Do Right
Anyway, Clay marched off with his socks, seemingly to put them on and find his shoes. About 10 minutes later, I saw him, still barefoot, watching TV. I gently reminded him, "TURN OFF THE TV AND PUT YOUR STINKIN' SHOES AND SOCKS ON!" He looked at me and said, "I don't have any socks."
thanks will be given, as will many praises
This didn't affect the huge sales of the album, or the year-end impact of her number one single: after selling 3 million copies it won Bobbie three Grammy awards, including Best New Artist (she was the first country singer to win in this category); Billboard, Cashbox, and Record World nominated her most promising new vocalist; and Nashville's Country Music Association asked her to co-host their awards show with Sonny James. Life magazine even ran a feature on her grandparents' farm - the money she'd made from the hit had enabled Bobbie to buy them new trucks.
Some of you have been following me since I started blogging in 2007. I orginally started so I would have an outlet to process what had happened to me in my personal relationships. I needed a way to vent healing from narcissistic relationships and a place where I could work though my family of orgin issues.
I like the idea, incidentally, of photographing Charles Christian from below with half his face in darkness as he delivered his Brave New Technology Future speech – the Ghost of Christmases which will never come if you don’t get your act together, perhaps.
What is currently prevailing between the two companies is healthy competition that keeps each on edge to ensure that they remain relevant aviation entities.
With the numbers I shared above, I can’t help but feel like I’m using the great content other people have produced as a boost to my traffic, but not theirs. Intentional or not, it doesn’t matter. I may have inadvertently done something rotten, both to the visitors of the blog and to the people I tried to promote. On both fronts I’m taking, but I’m not giving back.
From This....
For TWO weeks!!
Only time will tell, but I leave you with two further thoughts.
Carefully stepping around the lines of precisely placed pins, he walked over her shivering body. He stopped, bending down to grin in her face.
3 tablespoons cornstarch
Sarkozy is looking increasingly desperate, the writing is on the wall, Hollande’s election will send a ripple right across Europe which politicians will be forced to take notice of.
Check cotton fabric. This fabric length is long enough for Cecile to complete either of the above sewing patterns, if she chooses to. It is also light-weight enough for her to wear during La Reunion's tropical Summer, which being in the Southern Hemisphere, she is experiencing now. I had this fabric sitting in my stash for at least six months gathering. We just don't get enough of a sustained summer for me get much use from a garment made from this lovely light-weight fabric. If I still lived in Barcelona, then it would be a different matter... I can't wait to see what she makes!
“The Haida’s cutter is finally spotted by a squadron of RAF planes and the exhausted survivors are picked up by an Air/Sea Rescue launch and taken to Penzance. By midnight they are resting, warm, and comfortable. But a disquieting thought stays with them all. “What about the rest of the gang?””
1 amounts
4. What’s your all-time-favourite food?
In contact wounds the muzzle of the firearm is held against the surface of the body at the time of discharge. In hard-contact wounds, the muzzle is jammed "hard" against the body, causing the edges of the entrance wound to be seared by the hot gases of combustion and blackened by the soot, which is embedded in the seared skin and cannot be removed. (Source: Di Maio - Gunshot Wounds 2nd Edition - Pg.65)
I'll crack on, if it's all the same to you.
1) Make up corner
another chance wreck it all again
I had just gotten off work and was heading across town to pick up some dinner when up ahead I saw the distinct red and blue flashing lights that signaled that my particular route to the pizza place was about to become a parking lot.
Thank you for your time. I hope very much to work with you and look forward to hearing from you.
and it's Please baby
Sharp-eyed staff recognised the distinctive trainers he'd been wearing and called police.
I added another doily, flowers, trim, and of course, an Easter bunny!
So after giving away a large (and I mean more than I ever thought would get out there) amount of eCopies, I began to get nervous. What would happen now that it's no longer free? I mean it's got good reviews, but if it's not on a best seller list, who's going to find it?
The Unser Racing Museum is a wonderful treat for anyone interested in engines, fast cars, high-speed thrills and marvelous race cars of every kind. The excitement jumps out at you. I’m not a race fan, yet I found it to be a fabulous experience. The museum is not the history of racing, but the history of a family of racers, the Unsers.
This mask is great for hydrating dull and flaky skin. Both cocoa powder and dairy cream have high amounts of linoleic acid, which is what makes baby skin so dang smooth and soft. This mask is about 30% linoleic acid, way higher than any other store-bought mask out there.
This is the far wall at the end of the workbench, containing mostly boxes of the Mister's work stuff from a previous job. Also, decor crap.
You wouldn't call Patterson's review positive, but it's not really a body slam either. He didn't seem to really get the book. The review reads like work - Patterson is just doing his job. Which is sometimes the problem with reviews - they just aren't always inspiring.** I want to read reviews that make me run out and buy those great books that made the cut. Otherwise, I mean, for the most part, life is too short to talk about bad books.
The Andeans use very simple bottom whorl spindles -- by USA standards, they seem pretty crude. But the weaving and knitting Kaye brought with her bespoke the marvels produced with these most basic of tools. The strap in the photo is handspun, dyed, plied, and woven (in that order -- they dye their singles, then ply them!)
The story purports to detail the experiences of Zac Mitchell, an openly gay student at LCHS. Some students have started petitions advising others to rip the page from their yearbooks at this year's graduation ceremony, and at least one petition is calling for Mitchell to be banned from the graduation altogether.
What overall winner would you choose since 1969? And if not one overall winner, what short-list would you have for the past 43 years?
I am the temple of the Infinite,
Phew....what a relief.... Cath knew exactly what we were trying to achieve...
*Whispers of Spring kit.*
Now, bear in mind that my left leg is completely numb and now I also have “asleep-ness” of my right foot and right hip / butt / groin / upper thigh… Along with the numbness is a marked lack of flexibility… Pulling my knees to my chest was not as easily done as said. To facilitate, the nurse is standing at the head of the bed and has a hand under my knees pulling them up, Jimmy is sitting at the end of the bed pushing up on my feet, and I have the handicap / panic bar firmly in hand pulling myself toward the wall. Cannonball formation achieved.
Things will go as explained on the "Reservation slots Info" post.
It has been one of the steepest learning curves ever! Yet, I have learnt so much. I know all about bastard pages, recto and verso, ISBNs, sending six free, yes free, copies of each book to the British Library and lots more. When I first started out, I bought a copy of How to Self-Publish by Peter Finch. It had everything you needed and provided a step-by-step guide on how to get published. I owe a lot to that little book.
IMAGE by MEZZA 2011 Urunga Spar supermarket window.
- On my Holly Bloggy Christmas page, you will find a short little form to fill out to let us know your gift arrived. We want to keep tabs on it so no one goes without Holly Bloggy Cheer! Just head over there and type in your name to let us know you received your gift.
Gargantuan Green Grape is a pale green, but it isn't as dusty as other minty green shades. I thought that it would be more of a pale apple green and was a bit disappointed that the shade was not more unique. More disappointing than the shade, was the formula. I'd say that this is the worst formulated OPI that I have; it's sooo thin. It took three coats to reach opacity and even then I think it still could have used a fourth to cover up the patchy areas. Not cool OPI.
Brendan: 42
RANGER CREEK BREWING AND DISTILLING Lucky Ol' Sun Belgian Ale
Many ideas were discussed as to how to elect a president at the first constitutional convention in held Philadelphia. The first idea tossed out was to have congress elect the President. This idea was thrown out. The second idea was have the state legislatures elect the President. This idea was dismissed because our founding fathers feared the President would be beholden to the state legislatures who elected him. The third idea was a direct election of the President by the people. This idea was rejected.
as i pretend to read,
But, having been in Auckland for a month now and being unable to find a pool close enough to conveniently and frequently get to, I’ve had to find something else to do. (Not counting my bike commutes up & down steep volcanic cones.)
The NoMad Hotel in Manhattan, NY bring all of these things to life. These days most travel accomodations are going modern, high tech, convience. None of these are bad, I mean who wants the simplicity of a Motel 6 or a Super 8….judges? NOT ME! But to take it back to a specific era with the decor that this hotel brings, is just not found that often.
Obviously, taking a stand against Gangster Government Inc. and its media minions comes with some risk. They can drop a large building on you if they want to, just as they did to the Reese family in New Mexico, and grind you under their boot heels.
Row 2-P
I've thought of a few. Here they are:
How could someone as intelligent as Leigh, feel like jumping someone like Christian’s bones? It always begins with a party. Whenever there’s one going on, people feel like drinking. Then they head on over to wherever the kegs are and fill their red solo cups with cheap beer. By this logic, it’s pretty obvious that nobody would make safe, good choices at said party. What’s even worse was that she was in that situation only a few days ago. Since that night, she had Facebook stalked him, hoping in some deep, dark crevice in her mind, that he would message her to resume their activities. Even though it wasn’t nearly as fun as she hoped. Perhaps it would be different next time.
N's mom called me and asked a question about the state testing schedule. I'm glad that parents feel comfortable reaching out to me with their questions. Another call came from C. She shared some happy happy news and we caught up on one another's news. As usual, she had wise words to share.
At the Little Big Horn Casino, the natives are getting their own back. Bumper stickers advertised the locals as “FBI – Full Blooded Indian.” The Community Theater in Loveland was putting on an original play, “Murder at the Howard Johnson’s,” a comedy in two acts. We wished we could get tickets. The sign for Fort Courage encouraged us to “Take Pictures of the Past!” Every little place exhorted, “Don’t Miss It!” Cameron, Arizona advertised itself as “More than just a hole in the ground.” Fame is a relative thing. On the way out of Holbrook, New Mexico, we passed the Wigwam Motel with a sign out front: “Have you slept in a wigwam lately?”
I then spread some creme fraiche on each blini, and added a good dollop of caviar, the jar made 20 super little blinis and they were delightful with a glass of Kir and other tasty little treats.
Samsung Series 7 NP700Z5A-S0AUS 15.6-Inch Laptop (Silver) Enjoy powerful performance fast better class with the latest Intel core processors and innovative express cache ultra fast processing technology and internet access. With a clear sharp screen and graphics SUPERBRIGHT AMD Radeon to produce good pictures even in the free powerful during a durable aluminum enclosure and elegant watch everywhere. Dont t be affected by time Wated. Get your PC in less than two seconds with Samsung began rapid s technology. With an innovative hybrid sleep mode you will receive both require at this time on speed and exceptional battery life PC users. With this combination of speed and power you can be sure that your PC is ready to do more in less time.
Hi my friends, it's been so long since I blogged, and it feels really weird.
The shalwar-wearing bearded men holding rakes and pitchforks in the caves of Afghanistan have never been and will never be a threat to our Constitution.
That's right, the wing man is leaving and in just a couple of weeks.
5) Mention the house is just 1 block away from Lake Travis
Along with this fabulous new language came Staceys realisation that she didn't just love dogs she wanted to be one! And be one she would! The next 3 years were spent with Stacey (and sometimes Leanne till she got bored) being a dog. Crawling on all fours, cocking her leg and pretending (thankfully) to pee, trying to eat from a bowl on the floor and to top it off if we told her off she'd growl at us - seriously growl! If we told her off more she'd bark at us - the growl was a warning apparantly!!!
We've got set up for all of us to go visit my mom on Sunday. My sister had her big 30 last Wednesday, and we'll be celebrating that up there.
Illustration used through sermon: Fire (candles), gasoline and water bucket. When a fire starts with your spouse, you hold two buckets. It is your choose whether you toss gas on the fire or water.
One day, they kidnapped me and forced me to go with them to the Vidal Sassoon School of Hair Design (or whatever it was called). They thought it would be entertaining to force me to care about my hair, or at least to do something about it for a change. (I have never been fond of getting my hair cut.)
The weight of the book I am writing in
Tomorrow I will regularly check my dad's old-ass Timex Marathon to see just how far I've fallen off my ridiculously lofty goal. I'll think about the miles it's seen, the splits it has frozen in time, and the man who wore it before me. And my struggles will seem small.
born of a virgin
Her words struck a chord in me. I fought the sudden urge to slow clap, and instead let Hallie’s message reverberate for a moment.
Short and sweet again. Thank you dear, sweet angels and praise be to God. God and the holy angels want to give us more. What a wonderful message.
1 Peeled Avocado – cut into 8 wedges- I omitted
Pretension, or as I would like to call, “the other P word.”
The digital textbook buzz has increased over the past two years, leaving no doubt that the usage of digital textbook content in the education market will increase substantially – predictably at the expense of their print equivalents. This report looks at changes in the textbook market over the last two years and forecasts market developments over the coming five years. The report also provides case studies of some of the key market offerings, discusses how both K-12 and higher education markets for textbooks and content are developing, and examines the potential opportunities and pitfalls for existing players and new market entrants. This report contains:
Dry Dock Brewing Co. Seven C's
Military field watches are often confused with diving watches (those with rotating bevels and are waterproof up to 200 meters). These field watches are the generic name for timepieces intended for soldiers. Although some non-divers wear diving watches, there are also non-soldiers who wear military watches who do not really need the features these watches offer but are just keen on their design.
Either post traumatic stress from the earthquake, or pre-hurricane jitters?
It was an amazing day which I’m sure we’ll never forget.
I have this terrible habit of unintentionally assuming various things in Korea will be the same as they are back home. So when I thought baseball, I had this image of Major League Baseball in the States. As I have found, it usually happens that my assumption based on the American image is so far from reality. We went to the game, and the tickets were sold out. So then we bought tickets from some guy at about 4x actual price. We got into the stadium eventually after wandering around the entire stadium trying to get into like 4 different entrances (because our tickets were only in Korea) and found out that our section of bleachers was general admission. We were about 30 minutes early and were pleased to see there were still some seats available though not many. However, once we began asking if the seats that we saw were really available or not, we found out that they were ALL being held for friends/family that were on their way to the game.
Monday: 25% off bottles of wine; Board Game Monday; Random Beer Specials
I could not catch up
(One final pause begins, but this one's a much more comfortable affair, with everyone gazing down at the row of shiny pumps in front of them.)
You, Emily, as you prayerfully washed your dishes.
With your ambition, your great need to leave a mark.
Cold Night Blues by Dead Man's Tree
She talks about her diamond ring, with all those pretty things that make it glitter in the sunlight
In that famous Broadway play, Guys and Dolls, “Luck Be A Lady Tonight” is one of the more memorable songs.
All of that is a long lead in to say that we had roommates from all over the country with little exposure to Southern delicacies. Being proper Southerners, we found it our duty to educate them. Part of their education was boiled peanuts. My parents happened to visit me one weekend as a stop on a road trip, and they brought with them a bushel bag full of green peanuts (basically immature peanuts that have not yet hardened). As we started cooking, a roommate from New Hampshire walked in and asked, “What are those? Peas?” Now you can’t blame him for being a Yankee, but…Anyway, after a few hours we served up the treat. Most of the house gave rave reviews, but there were a few skeptics that we couldn’t convert. Oh well, I don’t ask that you love them, but I do ask that you give them a try.
I don't care how much you "love" the colour. In the near future you will grow to hate it and want it to be painted in one of the only two colours you have used consistently, liked, lived with, and not regretted since your first apartment in 1995; namely, robin's egg blue or off-white. Please don't insist that "life is too short for neutrals" or that you "need a change."
14. “Today is the first day of the rest of your life.” -Anonymous
Lower mixer speed and add the flour mixture by thirds, incorporating after each addition.
It is hard for one to review and decide which high-definition television is best for them given that there are so many of them to choose from today in the market. The Sony KDL40LX903 is a television that will enhance just about every experience that home entertainment device can give.
To the absurd point where an organization, whose charter and whose sole function is to combat bigotry and extremism was (and still is, I am 99.99% sure) actually "eliminating" and harassing black (or, if you prefer african-american) professors who spoke out about Israel's own Apartheid policies, Israel's own bigotry and extremism.
It’s almost cliché to say to someone younger that you have to make the most of your education, but it’s definitely true. The standard response to this is a muttered, “Yeah, all right granddad”, but it’s incredibly powerful advice. I would sit myself down, and then explain how I really needed to knuckle down and actually try and do well at all my subjects.
Mr. Langer discusses the differences between six main wines...Riesling, Chardonnay, Sauvignon Blanc, Pinot Noir, Merlot, and Cabernet Sauvignon. I like the white wines but usually I perfer the red like Merlot, which has more of a full body taste than a fruity, dry taste like the white wines.
Ive had a peek at the submissions and whew we have some tough decisions to make.
Regardless! Day Four, UNDER MY BELT! YAHOOOOO!
The studied cases in attention inequality have very high Gini values, especially for the traffic to websites (top-right bubble), which given the very large numbers (Gini = 0.985, Size = 1 billion) is the most extreme type of inequality I have found. Attention in social media (like Twitter) is extremely unevenly distributed, with most of it going to very few alternatives and the vast number of alternatives getting practically no attention at all.
Welch’s Natural Spreads $0.75/1
Well. Maybe not. Right now, several hours later it's doing that red-flashing throbbing stuff. Like in the cartoons.
Broccoli is a regular in my grocery shopping these days. I add them in almost everything from soups to salads and even dishes like dhals and variety rices. Sometimes I make this poriyal as a side dish with rice. I usually don’t add too much of masala or spices here. That imparts a bitter taste to the dish. I just add light seasoning and cook the broccoli until the they are tender but still have their color and crunch in them. The ideal combination for this poriyal are with rice and any spicy gravy like vatha kozumbu or rasam or even with plain curd rice.
I love you as certain dark things are to be loved,
What will this imbalance lead to?
Congrats you two HSN love birds.
Then some people are born as stars; the son of a king is called the prince, from day number one the day a prince is born; he is born a star; if it’s a girl we call her a princess.
The nose was scented, fragrant and gently aromatic with some gentle spice notes.
Many homemakers today feel the need to find frugal and healthy food for their family. Meat is expensive, so how do we ensure that we have an adequate intake of protein without breaking the bank? Beans are a wonderful source of protein, but it is incomplete. But, if you add a grain the two magically combine to create a complete protein that is low in fat and high in nutrition!
I set it aside when a friend had me try Mary Kay tinted moisturizer. At the time, my face was crepe-y and I needed something more moisturizing.
But for now, thanks so much for indulging me with my new found interest. I have lots to learn and work on, but I can't help but feel a sense of freedom of taking that first step away from relying on my camera's Auto setting.
They are now all planning to go down to Mexico with William and Jane, although Leo says he might have to join them later because he has to meet a man in Ypsilanti. Lasher then agrees he will use William's grandmother's money to buy a car and deliver it to the Shoreham -- which is where they'll be going.
4. What is your favourite?
3 Month Update: Ignore everything I said above and just get a Wubbanub (above). I picked on up on the advice of a friend and a) it's adorable and b) it's the first 'toy' she's actually grasped and kind of played with and c) she can put it back in her mouth on her own and d) the stuffed toy part helps it stay in place. GENIUS! Although I take back the ignore everything, because I do think if your kid loves pacifiers there is something to the theory of using a bunch of different ones to avoid nipple confusion. However, Carys just doesn't really like pacifiers and only uses one maybe once a week or so. She likes chewing on the feet of the giraffe more than anything. We still have and use the other pacifiers as well, but this is our go-to that she's most likely to accept.
How good are you at judging strangers? Would you know a prima donna from a perfectionist? An extrovert from an ego-maniac?
During the first week she walked up and down the halls by herself and thought about this. She planned about being with some bunch almost as much as she thought of music. Those two things were in her head all the time. And finally she got the idea of the party.
In an earlier post I wrote about my first year in bookselling and casually mentioned that every publisher's sales rep' used to be called Brian or Keith. Naturally, this was a slight exaggeration. There was also one called Barry.
I called them and said that it is ridiculous that a TV would die after 18 months and what was wrong with it and that under Australian consumer law, (warranty or not), that when something is purchased then it should last or serve it's purpose for a reasonable amount of time. I also said that the life of a TV is longer than 18 months and that is not a reasonable amount of time! So they told me to email the details to them, including a copy of my receipt, where it is in getting fixed. Looks like they may fix it!
A student comes to you and asks you a question that you don't know the answer to. Maybe about life, about the Bible, about a current event, about pop culture. About anything.
No existence apart.
According to the report the accused also refused to attend any rehabilitation programmes.
Above all else, it is down to the PT to make training FUN – it should be an enjoyable experience not a trial whereby you feel you are being judged and found wanting. I am not saying all PTs do this and without doubt there are far too few out there that do but it should be the aspiration. Personal Trainers have the knowledge and the ability to help people change their lives and…..with great power comes great responsibility!!!!!!!
The next weekend was also pretty exciting. We decided that since Lauren was one and because we didn't have any food allergies that we would give her a peanut butter and jelly sandwich for lunch. I jokingly told Brian that I wanted him home because I didn't think I could handle a trip to the ER alone if she had a reaction. I'm SOOO glad he was home, because, sure enough, she had an allergic reaction. She looked like this...and the picture doesn't do it much justice.
It was one of those nights where you find yourself on edge worrying that someone is going to do the wrong thing and you are going to be fired.
2. Turn off the news! At least limit your intake. Now I love watching Anderson Cooper on CNN with the best of them…..but I’ve completely cut back my intake of the constant bad news. A bit of burying my head in the sand? Yep. And I’m damn proud of it.
If I were interested in conducting a series of home invasions across the UK (which I am not), I would add certain things to my to-do list and, as a consequence, probably stay out of prison at least somewhat longer than our trio above. I would not use the same vehicle to travel to each target, and would not use my own vehicle or that of any conspirator under any circumstances at all. At the very least I would rent different cars on different occasions with different credit cards to make it impossible for the police to get an immediate match with their scan. Better still would be to use cars that I had borrowed on pretexts from friends or relatives not obviously connected to each other and not living in the same area. Best of all would be to steal a car and dump it at the end of the job, though that of course creates extra risks. I would also ensure that no one in my gang took any sort of mobile communication device with them on the job, and that they left all credit and debit cards at home to assure they were not inadvertently used, with all that that could later imply for the plausibility of alibis.
Then into Luka's life came sadness, because Captain Aag took his revenge, and the storyteller, Rashid Khalifa fell ill and was like to die. One early morning, Luka saw his father in the yard, but wait! It was not his father, but his father's death, come to claim him. But, as in all good fairy tales, Luka made a deal with death, also called Nobodaddy, and Luka, Nobodaddy, the dog called Bear and the bear called Dog go on a quest to steal the Fire of Life in the World of Magic.
I’ve also had a raven stalk my mail box – and subsequently attempt to come through my basement window while I was eating mini wheats in strawberry milk.
well... I'll have a better chance to win!
Greening the grid
Two for the Price of One (20) – Simultaneously killed 2 Brawlers using a single Devastator
Unfortunately, I am behind. Very behind. Therefore, I am going to be busy catching up this week. At this rate, pictures from Easter will be posted in July!
4 tbsp olive oil
Dina started out one of the best ways anyone can start out when tackling a drawer, a closet or an entire room. She EMPTIED IT! This is always my method as well. So much easier to sort, purge and only put back the essentials. It gives you a fresh look at things. It allows you to see the space differently and put things back where they belong and make sense vs. where they have always been. And when I say she removed everything, I meant it. Nothing was left, not even the shelving. And once everything was out, she gave it a fresh coat of incredible blue paint!
I told the doctor I didn’t think I needed one.
Today was also Crazy Hair Day so that added to the excitement! One of my former students had hair that looked Seuss-ish so she came down and showed it off to my class.
Angry Legs of Southsea write: Why oh why, Mr. Brain, did you think it was a good idea to take all the gears off this bike?! It’s alright for you, you’re not the one doing all the work!
I always start the night with good intentions but somehow don't always seem to be able to pull it off ...
However, where the appropriate showing of materiality and necessity is not made, courts will not order production of social media ESI. In Temporino v. Turner Construction Co.,[FOOTNOTE 9] for example, the defendant in this personal injury action sought plaintiff’s Facebook records after seeing the public portion of plaintiff’s account, including a photograph of plaintiff. As Facebook is located outside of New York, defendant moved for an open commission to permit the issuance of a document subpoena. The court found that defendant failed to proffer what, if anything, was contained in the Facebook account that was “relevant” to the issues, and “the mere claim that plaintiffs were members of Facebook, in and of itself, is not a sufficient basis to require the issuance of a commission.” In other words, courts will not permit a “digital fishing expedition” into social media sites “based on the mere hope of finding relevant evidence.[FOOTNOTE 10]
Is humanity ready? I mean mentally? Well, not judging from the level of puerile responses in the comments section, under the Gizmodo report...
Copic Marker is proud to partner with Splitcoaststampers the entire month of October for their annual Hope You Can Cling To campaign for breast cancer awareness.
Visitors to Norway are often surprised to learn that Norwegians leave their infants outside to sleep in the cold Nordic air. But it takes living here a little while to discover another peculiarity about Norwegians’ fondness for the cold: there are a lot of winter swimming clubs – and they have waiting lists.
This should be a fairly short post as it’s solely on the letter ‘V’ (one of the most excellent of letters, I’m sure you’ll agree…) and I only have seven ‘V’ songs in total.
2007: English 4-11 Award (shortlisted)
Hi everyone!! Hope you're enjoying beautiful fall weather right now! The leaves have reached peak color here in central NC, yet the temps are fairly warm with a hint of cool! I love everything about fall--back to school, the state fair, pumpkins, autumn sunsets and pulling out those warm sweatshirts! Mostly for me though, it's the leaves! So today I wanted to share a card I made tonight for a crafty pen pal.
Anyway, I need to make an important decision about my name. I think it needs to be either Dave or David. Yes, I know, whatever, I am female. But Dave Barry and David Sedaris have both kept me believing that personal essay style humour really IS funny. And then of course there’s a David from my University days, “California Dave”, who was the first person to ever stand up for my unbrushed hair when the cafeteria-lady clucked at it. And there’s the Dave I know from work who is a writer and incredibly funny, although not famous yet, anyway, the point is that this name belongs to some awesome people, and if I too became a David/Dave….well, you see where I’m going with this
Day 9 of 100 days of Revision Update
But the real attraction is the harmony of space and art. It still retains its school-y feel, and the McMenamins enhance it with artwork celebrating the staff and students who walked the halls. It includes paintings, mosaics, and sculpture--all with a whimsy suiting both a pub and a school. One tiny nook has been converted into the "Detention Pub," and captures the illicit feel you find in all schools. It's one of the few smoking areas, is for adults only, and has a nice liquor selection. Part teachers' lounge, part behind-the-bleachers hideout.
2. How can I bring glory to God? How may He be glorified?
This last weekend I was lucky enough to see this beautiful
A little girl whose make-believe 'friend' turns out not to be just any old angel, but actually the leader of All Angels Everywhere, is going to hold my attention for however long it takes for people to start taking notice and listening to her. Religion and the way it can touch non-believer's lives has always held a fascination for me and I WILL read, watch and listen to anything which will convince me there is a God. I've no idea what that means but I'm sure my counsellor will have a field day if the subject's ever touched upon.
“Your assignment is to bring us four spirits missing from Hills City, Virginia, your former hometown. We can’t even communicate with them although we know their physical bodies died.”
Mommy groups I am a part of all agreed, this cover was not "wrong" because of the image, but because of the slogan of being mom enough being linked to length of breastfeeding or parenting choices. The slogan we are ALL mom enough was born on The Plus Size Mommy Memoirs forum on facebook (you can check out the main PSMM facebook page here). In fact the general tone was great for this mom for extended breastfeeding if that is what her and her child want and need, but let's not fuel the mommy wars.
Drama Prime Time Report – December 9th~11th Kato Rosa gives birth to her first child in France Kitagawa Keiko, Maya Miki & Ashida Mana attend stage greeting for “Magic Tree House” Acid Black Cherry releases full “Crisis” PV SNSD’s Audio Preview of “The Boys” Japanese Ver. After School to Release Debut Japanese Album in March!
This colonial-style Montecito estate includes a six-bedroom main residence measuring 10,800 sq. ft. and a two-bedroom guest home on five acres, featuring gardens, a 56-ft. pool, koi pond, and brook, among other amenities. The grounds feature views of the Pacific Ocean.
“LANL stores a wide variety of plutonium materials, mostly in Technical Area (TA)-55. LANL has around a thousand containers of plutonium oxides and other compounds. They also have close to a thousand metal plutonium items, most of them high-purity ingots originally intended for shipment to Rocky Flats.” (Section II-C).
- Chocolates
From AmazonMany visitors to Yellowstone National Park don't realize that the boiling hot springs and spraying geysers are caused by an underlying supervolcano. It has erupted three times in the last 2.1 million years, and it will erupt again, changing the Earth forever.
Energy formula of Albert Einstein, E=MC2 really means that Energy = number of people and the square of people’s consciousness.
Have half the snack.
Reversed and Remanded. (Taylor and Hazouri, JJ., concur.)
fades into purple mountains.
An olive baboon feeding on the fruit of a Sausage Tree (Kigelia) in Manyara, Tanzania. Notice that she is stuffing her cheek pouches with the fruit. Photo on Flickr by Kibuyu.
*”I’m glad the Army makes you feel like a man because I’m sick of trying to do it.”
“My first impulse was to throw it away, actually,” Mr. Cannon said, adding: “It seemed like some sort of weird hoax. Who would do this?”
And whoever chose the two wonderful characters have to answer them. Easy peesey, right?
It is not so much the fact that the North Korean’s are a poverty stricken bunch, with every penny going to the military, while keeping it’s citizenry under control by threats of sending entire families (down the 4th and 4th cousins) to camps where they are detained until death) should a family member dare to speak out, or worse, attempt to leave the country – it’s the fact that they are not stable, by any reasonable measure – they are literally in the dark. The impending North Korean crisis is some what similar to the Iranian Revolution in 1979, where a westernized and modern nation was decimated by a group of religious zealots.
Accepting – judgmental. Beautiful – evil. Self-sacrificing – possessive.
Where: THE UW TOWER, 2nd Floor Cafeteria (yes…we are queering up the panopticon peeps! (woot woot)
Never molested, though in the wrong.
Mulberry-It’s actually a tree. One of the fastest growing trees known in the U.S.
I've brewed my Holiday Spiced ale in prep for the Halloween/holiday season. The house smells like gingerbread for a few days. I really have to say that PBW works wonders. I soaked the primary for a bit and it come out spotless with no other scrubbing. (Yes, you shouldn't scrub your plastic buckets, but I've been scrubbing them long before I knew better. I'll just keep scrubbing until I replace the buckets.)
The pilot flicked off the STU. He adjusted the altitude to take the balloon in a little closer to the river.
on time. The church, St.
Eventually I had to postpone our flights to SA by about 3 days because I really did not want to be weak and sickly while carrying luggage to the airport and sitting on an inter-continental flight for 8 hours. Funnily enough, those last 3 days were the most relaxing of the whole trip! My body thankfully recovered fast enough from the fever and we actually managed to catch a movie with the family and relax a bit towards the end. So although the whole trip now seems like a blur, it was totally worth it. Now that I’m back in my regular routine, daily grind… whatever you want to call it, I can finally relax.
When Dan, one of my husband's best friends, was getting married, all the guys planned a Starcraft themed bachelor party for him. And what would a Starcraft themed bachelor party be without a Starcraft cake? The guys asked me to make a Protoss Probe cake for them, and even though I was reluctant because it seemed too complicated, they were insistent. I asked them to find me a picture that I could work off of, and this is what they found.
1964 - Fountain Trust founded by Michael Harper. The purpose was to promote and encourage the use o f the charismata within the historic denominations.
Japan spends 35 billio annually on business entertainment.
How do you do that
People pissin' on the stairs, you know they just don't care
Oral health: A window to your overall health
i'm happy i have my animals
It's our first guest blogger of the year. Firing up a hand-picked playlist of his favourite soul, rock and stoner tones is Nick Saloman: main-brain and multi-instrumentalist behind psych-rockers Bevis Frond, star of TV's Countdown and compiler of Psychic Circle's albums including the excellent Instro Hipsters and UK Floor Fillers series, so let's tuck into this handful of musical, magical beans.
Stack your pattern pieces, wrong sides together. If you are using interfacing, it should be sandwiched between the pieces. Don’t worry if your pieces don’t *exactly* match up around the edges, we will trim them after sewing. Remember – no pins! They will leave holes. If you absolutely need to hold the pattern pieces together, you can use paper clips or binder clips.
We organised a long tail to take us to the two islands just opposite our beach. We sped across the relatively flat water to the first of the islands where we moored off-shore and were soon over the side in our snorkel gear to explore the reef below.
What sensible marketing people have been saying for years turns out to be true. More than anything else, it's the idea that counts, not the delivery system.
Last night it was concerning breaks. Now, looking at Colorado labor laws which have changed since the last time I looked at them, he's within his rights to limit smoke breaks to five minutes every two hours, considering the break requirement is ten minutes every four. However.
I’m from the sunflower, the still lake, the red cardinal stealing a summer twig. I’m from a magnolia tree flowering white, from a sky wild with thunderstorm, cherry-colored mud hills, baseball diamonds, an echoing playground, and the tear of dew on an early tulip. I’m from dandelion wishes blown into twilight, from the first star on a summer night, fireflies lighting the summer and Parcheesi and cards at the dining room table.
Keep the chemicals to a minimum. We expose our bodies to a number of toxins each day, especially “controlled substances,” such as alcohol, caffeine, gluten, and tobacco. Damaging the gut and its flora with these chemicals will shut the system down. So try to reduce these toxins to a bare minimum, if they cannot be completely avoided.
~Tanni
Everything checks out, but to be absolutely certain it’s nothing to do with her heart we have to run a twelve-lead ECG.
To top things off, my car hates me. I don’t know what I did to it, but it actively tries to kill me on a regular basis; it has an exciting tendency to drift into the left lane with no input from the driver. I imagine that the ghost of Genghis Khan or a person of equivalent evil is somehow bound to the car and wants to end my life in a spectacularly gory fashion.
Remember earlier I said that most people don’t have this question “figured out yet.” That’s because they have not fully understood the first question. (Are you getting this?) Knowing who you are is the stepping stone to knowing why you are here. Because in addition to the common answers given above the rest of our, “who are you?” answer is about the skills and abilities that the Father has gifted us with. Those skills and abilities are your clue to why you are here. The Word says that we are all part of the “body of Christ.” (See 1 Corinthians 12: 1-31 for the details.) I am convinced that each of us in the body has a specific mission that requires the gifts and talents we have been perfectly given. We must use those skills and gifts for HIS glory, to accomplish HIS purposes. Remember the parable of the talents; are you investing the talents you have been given for the greatest return for the Kingdom? Or have you buried them somewhere deep within you? I don’t recommend that choice. Because I’m sure that you, like me, want to hear “well done, good and faithful servant” and not the question …”Well?”
Next week on Acceleration Radio we will discuss the human mutilation phenomena. Obviously this is an aspect of the phenomena that negates the good-aliens-from-the-Pleiades-star-system scenario! We will hear, from an ex homicide detective, that the mutilation of humans is ongoing, and that it is a grisly part of the UFO phenomena that is not talked about openly. So where is all this leading? It would appear that the Luciferians are ramping up for full disclosure at some point. Will we see these hybrids manifest openly at that time? Will the ships land and then these hybrids will be revealed. Are these hybrids integrating into out society at this time? As with much of the supernatural that is demonic, much of it is hidden away, cloaked behind a dark veil. The Luciferians have an agenda and it is not one that is beneficial to mankind. The return of the Nephilim may be closer than any of us think. Meanwhile there are those who won’t even discuss the matter. The supernatural is manifesting as never before. Remember, when Noah was alive no one heeded his warning. I’m sure they all thought he was nuts. His neighbors must have laughed their heads off, as Noah was building the ark. Has anything changed today? Of course not. Most people smirk, roll their eyes and laugh if I mention the possibility of hybrids. And yet, this is what we keep hearing over and over again. If people would just do a modicum of reasearch they would discover that the phenomena is real! While in Cheyenne, there were two people who had not done any reasearch on the subject of the Nephilm. By the end of my talk I could see the light bulbs going off in their heads. They got it! In closing today’s post. There has been a war raging in an other dimension for millenia. We are seeing that war spill over into our dimension. At some point in the near future it will manifest openly… when the Nephilim return!
~ The attendees were a relatively diverse group, and it was nice to see people of all shapes, colors, sizes and ages. There was a noticeable upscale vibe, with much of the crowd using the event as an opportunity to show off their shiny new jewelry, formalwear and trophy wives.
Class is just about to start, so let's get hopping!! If you've hopped over from Gina, then you are in the right place!! If you've just popped in to visit my blog and you'd like to join our School-Time FUN, then please CLICK HERE http://memoriesintyme.blogspot.com/ to start at the beginning with Lynda's blog!! Several stops along the way will be offering some nifty prizes, so please be sure to keep an eye out for that!!
But the fight between DAP and SUPP is not going to be about age, experience or credentials. These are key criteria in ordinary times but these are extraordinary times in Sarawak.
Currently, in the first year of implementation, the board offers the program in 11 schools. In Year 2 of implementation two more schools will be added bringing the total to 13. With the addition of 19 schools in Year 3, the Halton District School Board will offer the full-day kindergarten in 32 schools – nearly half of its elementary schools.
In every corner
These older cities have suffered housing foreclosures like the rest of the nation, but Pianalto says the high vacancy and abandonment rates are the more troubling issues.
Needless to say $350 later we were walking out of there with a pup & a pissed off dad/husband LOL.
When do we know if we won?
SGR
But another clear lesson is that austerity has to be seen as a means, not an end. The goal is to recover from the massive blow inflicted by the global financial meltdown and return to prosperity. This may involve a measure of austerity — but definitely requires considerable economic growth, which should be policymakers’ first priority.
Little did I know that the nice relaxing peaceful week I had planned would be crushed with heartache and things that make me want to scream and pull my hair out!
According to a Ska PR manager who requested anonymity in order to speak candidly, Thibodeau didn’t even want to make the release funny, or poke fun at beer competitions in general. “Press releases are supposed to show your company in the best possible light,” said the source. “No one here listens to me. We’ve been winning things left and right, and all these guys can think about is not winning at one event. I don’t know if I can keep doing this.”
Millions of girls freak out when they see even a little bit of cellulite or belly fat. And they resort to extreme measures just to keep up with the standards – diet pills, excessive exercising, self-starvation.
I have worked out the Guia de bolsillo, which is singularly user-unfriendly. To my knowledge, there is no map where you could see through which streets the buses actually pass - from the Guía you only get a rough idea of the neighbourhood that they are passing through, but you cannot tell which streets, nor where the stops are. And since most streets in Buenos Aires are one-way, when you arrive somewhere and want to take the same line back, you must face the challenge of finding the bus stop in the opposite direction, which can be just about anywhere. It is a tricky business, but not altogether impossible, with the massive cooperation of the locals (who mostly give you loads of interesting, but unfortunately not entirely relevant information about OTHER bus stops -
Article Source: Eastern Cape
Jason and his partner, Luke McCooley, explain more to interviewer Tara Nurin, of the women's beer group Beer for Babes. Pinelands had an informational stand at the Somers Point Beer Festival back at the end of October, pouring some homebrewed beers made from recipes on which their commercial offerings will be based.
I look in the mirror to see the beginning of wrinkles around my eyes. How can that be? Wasn’t I just twenty-one, yesterday?
I have trained this simple word track for a long time. Team Members find it easy to use and it certainly helps them define a Client’s wants and needs and helps them down the path of building rapport and holding gross profit!
“We have now arrested some drivers and their helpers,” he said.
9. The daily-hourly space is on the upper part of the page. It used to be in the middle, with some space on the top and on the bottom for most important tasks and personal errands.
What effect will this have on existing CO2 levels?
He planned and he schemed to bring us to peace,
William Vlachos, Tennessee Titans
That's it... shake up each jar and draw out a piece of paper... look up your inspiration and get scrapping! (Don't forget to put the papers back into the containers.)
And pay attention dammit! The line is moving and you’re sitting in la la land while the rest of us actually have things do to do, places to go and people to see. Gas is over $4 a gallon in some places and the country has been experiences higher than normal temperatures. No one has time to waste gas and good air conditioner air while you are holding up the line when you could be at the machine.
Fruits, veggies, lean proteins. It's easy, really. Today, I'm going to the grocery store to stock up on healthy options for the week ahead.
I will like to take a moment to thank the people who have done their part to spread the word:
The British Fantasy Society is pleased to announce the shortlist for the 2012 British Fantasy Awards. Determined by the 952 recommendations from BFS members and FantasyCon attendees and overseen by the British Fantasy Awards Jury, the shortlist is:
Take the pinned fabric off the purse and sew it inside-out. Flip it rightside out and put it back on the purse. It should look like this
JS - That’s actually written into the contract…
Fake blog posts.
But, of course, Gabo didn’t know about Ice XV when he wrote 100 years of Solitude.
the TV promos. My chest gets tight and the smell of alcohol and Betadine and
The up-front fee for my services is $400.00; this includes:
No, I didn't create this, but whoever did sure is genius!
Methinks, though, we are seeing more than a little spin here. Go back to May last year and we see "record" audience figures of 7.03 million listeners for the first three months of 2011. Interestingly, back then, a Radio 4 spokeswoman attributed the rise in its audience to the big, breaking news that dominated the year's start, including the Japanese tsunami and the "Arab spring".
Know this: the Plejarans and Andomedans will only interefere if nuclear weapons might be used, or Project Bluebeam is used. This is a war of free will, and for the ground crew to stop.
and come back to work.
Philosophy
What's that, you say? What's a storyline patent?
The really cool part using the colored version of the stamp is that the background papers are an EXACT MATCH! I used the eyedropper function of my software that allows me to select any color from an image and use it somewhere else....so I did that. Hummmmm.... now I'm thinking I might should have made the stripes gray from the stone.... or pink AND gray. Funny what you can see AFTER you do something!
- a metaphysical appraisal of the dangers of globalization.
There would seem to be no just grounds for questioning the power of the judge of the Court of First Instance to limit and restrict the activities of procuradores judiciales appointed under section 34 of the Code of Civil Procedure, as amended by Act No. 1919. It follows that the defendant was unauthorized by such appointment to represent Eustaquia Montage in the court of the justice of the peace or to collect money for services therein rendered. As to all these matters he is clearly in no better position than if he had never been appointed procurador judicial. Section 34 of the Code of Civil Procedure, as amended by Act No. 1919, says:
I thought that was IRAN. Wow Iraq is worse than Iran now. And even after USA trashed then occupied Iraq as well! USA, can you see this? Meanwhile Iran has become more open!?!
Pride.
The story goes like this: in the late 19th century, when Paris was being perfected by Baron Haussmann, and café culture was for the first time in full swing, Jeanne Souchard, Louis Ernest Ladurée’s wife, decided that ladies needed a little something more for their social outings. She had the idea of mixing the styles of her husband’s elegant pastry shop with that of a classic Parisian café, thus transforming Ladurée and giving birth to one of the first salons de thé in the city.
I hope you got to spend some quality time with those you love.
Oct. 4 Charlottesville, VA Outback Lodge
The rue de Gand is a good place to go to if you're in Lille - it's got all sorts of bars and restaurants in it, and it's near a park. It's also near a pub called the Queen's Head. We didn't go in, fearing the worst - but walking towards it from the centre of town, you could be forgiven for thinking you'd somehow walked into an English town centre:
When I retire I will never have another MRI or any other tests and I will avoid doctors as much as possible. Yeah that's me; wild and reckless!
Then we went to my parent's house so we could give my mom her bday cards so we saw my mom, my dad, and my bro, though I was bummed he didn't bring his boys cuz I miss them so much.
Cupprimo
Alan's eyes are simultaneously opened and blinded on the day he is released from his cave: the day in Copenhagen when he meets a young German woman named Käthe (or maybe Karin, depending on when your copy of the book was published). She's captivating and alluring and is the most beautiful woman Alan has ever seen. And, what do you know? She actually falls for him, too.
The new (now old) OBE curriculum was first introduced to Grade 1 pupils in 1998, and subsequently to other grades over the following decade. It was a disaster from day one! The classes were simply to big for one teacher to manage effectively, but the teachers were too proud (or too afraid) to admit this, and often blamed the kids for not paying attention. The end result of this chaos was that 1000’s of young kids (mainly white pupils, who were covered by medial aid) were over-diagnosed as having symptoms of Attention Deficit-Hyperactivity Disorder (ADHD). They were treated with a central-nervous-system stimulant, known as the drug Ritalin, which is almost chemically similar to cocaine, hence the reason why it is today referred to as “Kiddie Cocaine” or “Kiddie Coke”. The drug is classified by the US Drug Enforcement Administration (DEA) in the same category as cocaine and morphine. (See my previous, very short, article on this issue: Drugs R Killing our Kids, and also the more comprehensive article on the web site of Adopt a Drug Addict)
In the spirit of keeping young and beautiful….it is after all my duty to be beautiful ……. and because according to Jill Shaw Rudddock's The Second Half of Your Life , apparently one yoga class a week just doesn’t cut it and I should be exercising six times a week, I've started walking to work. And then I tried a Boris-bike, as they are known in London.
Basically Phase 2 seemed relatively uneventful and I seemed to be able to tolerate the awful Cyclophosphamide better for the last 2 doses. In so saying, the constant driving (and I was just the passenger!), chemo, blood & platelet transfusions really took it out of me and even the days where I didn’t feel too bad, by the time I got home I’d had enough and just wanted to spend time with Sarah and then the boys when they got home.
The class was much more advanced than it advertised and I could hardly understand what the instructor was saying as she called out the various routines and moves. There was no teaching involved in the "class", only doing, and all of the other "students" had obvious years of training. Though somewhat confused through the bar sections, I was horrified when the instructor stated that we would be doing jumps and spins across the room floor in sets of three -- can someone say "Hell No!"?!?!?
Shed no blood on Good Friday, work no wood, hammer no nail.
The best qualified applicants will have experience developing and executing business and marketing plans, developing educational outreach programs, and working with external partners. A master’s degree or equivalent experience in museum education, museum studies, communications, or a relevant field is preferred.
Oh yes, the plural -is rather than -s is Middle Scots too, and the Scottish Government has a Makar, or poet, like the British poet laureate.
A devote catholic women living in a small town awoke one day to flood waters. The water was gushing down the street and rising rapidly. A fleet of row boats arrived to help evacuate the villagers. As one of the boats passed the womans house a voice shouted “my name is michael get in quickly”. The woman shook her head and kneeling in prayer said “no,,god will save me”
I try to remember what they were taking about in hopes of adding some clever quip or some witty remarks that makes the person glad they sought me out. But all that happens is a mantra begins playing in my head- Just don't burp, just don't burp, thank God I cut my toenails...
All have the most amazing miniature related blogs, full of wonderful images & well worth a visit!
Well I’ll start by saying that I have a personal mistrust for pink. Little girls with kittens and bows… ugh. Horribly clichéd. Im struggling now in fact, to recall a single garment that I own, that is pink. Ahem, I mean ‘Honeysuckle’.
Ripped out the stitches.
Are you telling me the news, that once employed journalists, may have over dramatized the situation before they had all the facts?
I cannot see what is going on at the head of our convoy, but we come to a slow, gentle rolling stop. As we sit idling, suddenly my radio bursts to life again. I hear a muted conversation which sounds like Sam and Jamal and then we hear a pair of car doors open. Looking ahead, I see Sam , and Jamal have gotten out of their VW station wagon and are putting on Interceptor vests, Kevlar helmets and move their side arms to be easily accessible into holsters on their vests. Pulling their M4s out, both verify a round is in the chamber.
We have been given adrenal glands to secrete a hormone which will get us up and going when the occasion calls for it. However, we’ve let our imaginations run away with us. Many of us live in countries where we are free to make decisions and be responsible for the outcome without worry of physical threat. (I know there are some readers out there living in places where this isn’t true, and to you I apologize). Yet, for the most part, we know the laws of the land and we know how to make decisions which keep us safe based on these laws and just the everyday societal policies of every day life. Fear has a purpose when we’re in physical danger. The rest of the time, we are in control of our lives and how we react to the circumstances of our lives. Fear only has control or even space for being noticed when we allow it. We have much more command of the situation than we acknowledge.
from stoop-sitting boys
"London's Burning" The Clash
And finally, God has been good to allow me to play a healed wrist for the midweek Oasis service these past three weeks, and also play and lead worship for two hours on Saturday at an event at our church.
My friend Gen over at Cabin Fevered Gem is having her first giveaway, and if you enjoy a cupcake or two from time to time then this is for you!
This is a big day, because for the first time we see a crowd of people acknowledge Jesus as the Savior of the World. Check this out:
Leg kick by bell. And, Nic gets the take down and lands in the guard ofBell.
5. Tweet that you just entered Fiskars Friday on Mark Montano's blog (if you have twitter)
It is as irresponsible as scholarship and authorship gets to call this ten-day period of dietary restriction a ‘fast.’ How do you explain verse 16? It is totally unbiblical to refer to a ‘Daniel fast’ if you are saying that this is the type of fast that Daniel did using chapter 1, because he was not fasting at all! If one were (as many Christians do) to refer to a ‘Daniel diet,’ then you are winning on that one! This was his lifestyle!
I may not actively sabotage your operations, but I am not on your side. I will work, but I may do only just enough not to get fired. Or if I’m in a particularly kamikaze mood, I may indeed try to get fired, just for the sheer adrenalin rush of bringing you down with me.
And yet, despite Ms. Truth making her speech in 1851, it appears that not all that much had changed by the time Ms. Angelou was writing - or at least, living - her book. Rather than Tom, Maya ends up marrying a guy named Vus - a South African freedom fighter - whose definition of freedom seems to apply only to males. When other Africans visited their home, Vus would insist that Guy (Maya's son) sit in on the discussions of violence and non-violence, the role of religion, and, ironically, the place and strength of women in the struggle, presumably because, even though a child, he was male. Maya, on the other hand, an activist in her own right, was "too busy with household chores to take part" (p. 141).
Kadima Party: Winner
I often find myself watching the Food Network and seeing all of these amazing places. I’ll put the restaurant in a memo in my phone (an “in case you find your self in (insert area)” list) and often forget about it completely. THIS TIME I thought ahead for both of us. St. Pete has three restaurants, close to our hotel, that have been on various Food Network shows! Not only will you be able to go home and say you spent a week at a beautiful location, learned new strategies for working with adult learners, and met great people, you can also add that you ate at a restaurant that was on Diners, Drive-ins and Dives!
Our company.
with anything that is pleasurable to eye, ear, and taste. Life is quite lovely to you.
In 1943, the year in which the first A-bomb was built, Albert Hofmann discovered LSD ­– a substance that was to become an A-bomb of the mind. Fractions of a milligram are enough to turn our framework of time and space upside down.
If hiking's your thing, put this one on your must-do list. It's about 24 miles: 14 miles from north rim to the Ranch, 10 miles from Ranch to south rim. You descend 5800' going in, ascend 4800' coming out. You can backpack it, taking your own food and sleeping gear but I gotta recommend Phantom Ranch: comfortable beds in dorm-style cabins, great meals and interesting folks to chat with. And, of course, a lot less weight to haul around.
Last night Toby opened the front door long enough for Enid to slip out in a scurry. She's still missing and it's breaking my heart. She was a stray before our friend Rhonda took her in, and she hasn't been outside since we got her (mid-December). I was terrified she'd get out and run off but of course I never put her tags on her. I left food and treats on the front porch in hopes she'd come home. It came a pretty ridiculous storm this morning (full on mega hail and all!) around 5:30am and I was so worried she might be scared. Her treats were gone and a little bit of food eaten, so I'm slightly hopeful she might come back. I'm putting up posts on Craigslist, the East Nashville ListServ and all that jazz in hopes that we find her! She's become such a huge part of this household.
The show had a lot of promise and look good on the screen but it was just boring at times. They producers have said they are trying to sell it to other networks but that is a long shot at best.
Take this as your first warning.
Alex Engwete
Tomorrow I am anticipating my first double digit run!
That was sprinkled and laced with sarcasm, OF COURSE.
Wait, he said, I have
Awesome, right? We hope you will stop by to see all of their projects and to show them some bloggy love! There's still plenty of time for you to join in the current challenge, too. Go check out the {TIDDLY INKS CHALLENGE BLOG} and be inspired! :)
I received a fair amount of positive response from my recent comparison between Drow and Night Elves. And as it turns out, there seem to be several who do not know much of the background of the characters they play. I realize not everyone is into Role Playing or writing stories about their WoW characters. Heck, I imagine a lot of WoW players choose their Race and Class based more on what looks cool and what racials are available to compliment their playstyle.
It started early during my solo drive to Syracuse when I put my iPod on shuffle (as per usual), and it began to read my mind and play the perfect sequence of songs for what I was feeling and thinking about. That definitely set the tone for the day. As I proceeded to stand around in the apple store for an hour while they replaced my wonderful laptop’s not-s0-wonderful battery (for free) (thank God for applecare), I couldn’t keep my mind away from some lyrics that had really struck me. I got a serious case of the hums and could not, for the life of me, stop singing the song over and over again in my mind (Death Cab For Cutie’s “Marching Bands of Manhattan”).
Going by past records, the King is likely to be persuaded by the trio, after which a massive round of horse-trading will take place. Mahathir and Daim are expected to offer huge sums to get MPs from the Pakatan to join them, and this has been the basis for recent speculation that UMNO had approached DAP for ‘unity talks’.
3. While on a walk or run, why not take it from the natural instincts of a child and take to skipping whenever you can.
Near the end of David Lynch’s Inland Empire – during the Hollywood burlesque club sequence, in fact – I got the feeling that I occasionally do during certain films, that this movie might in fact last forever, and that if it did, I would stay to watch.
20x16 inches
However, he will not be released for at least five days, while the prosecution considers whether to appeal.
I just remembered how much I love it when it came on my iPod in the car the other day. Three-year-old in tow and in rush-hour traffic, I cranked that sucker to the limits of what is tasteful to have blaring in a car with a child in it, and sang at the top of my lungs.
Given this kind of diet, we come to the crux of my blog post: what could I make that Batman would eat?
From which a golden Cupidon peeped out 80
Much is made of the ethnic stereotyping in vaudeville, frequently committed by people of the very ethnicity being satirized. Blacks, Irish, Germans and Jews in particular were satirized but so were Italians, Chinese, and even Swedes. Another stock archetype, less evident because it has been with us from the very beginning and concerns a dominant sub-group, is the rural “cracker”.
Meghan sent me a lovely package of incredibly useful stuff. She included a notebook, glitter polish, a cold compress for Jackson (too cute!), ad a travel pharmacy. I'm especially excited about this because I have a few trips coming up and now I won't have to take a bunch of medicine in different containers. It's all right there!
And when you hit the real deal as a reader, it’s the most exhilarating feeling in the world. The only thing better are those divine moments of inspiration you get as a writer.
It is anarchy, but it works.
The clouds clasp the gadgets of light and invert a chain of signifiers into the dawn-mist sea
We started out the night at the Saucer enjoying some great Weisse beers. I made the mistake of going for the Jester King/Mikeller collabo beer Drinkin' in the Sunbelt first. The American Pale Wheat was just that, a mish-mash of an American Pale Ale and a Weisse beer. I mirco-blogged this one on my twitter page (@beerbrotha), but my twitter followers were saying they plan on toning down the hops for the next one.
We have finished a Healthy Eating Unit and they are moving into a new science unit. It's called Motion, Magnets and Imagination. They are learning how forces can move objects.
It also found wide variations in the amounts of folic acid in the bread samples – most commonly too little – which has led to a commitment from the three baking companies involved to improve consistency.
This is the fifth such invitation I've received, and likely the last now that my baby has reached first grade. The May Crowning (of Mary) and Mother's Day Tea organized by Mrs. Eppler and the first-graders at Nativity school is, and will forever be, one of my most cherished memories of motherhood.
Having used a Sonicare, I predicted that
Almost four years ago, I injured my right ankle severely and, like every other joint injury I sustain, it refused to fully heal. Again, numerous specialists and physiotherapists prodded and poked at me, with wonderful theories and no real answers. I have a family riddled with arthrtis, so they tested me for a marker known as antinuclear antibody. It’s basically a generic red flag for autoimmune disorders, ranging from rheumatoid arthritis to lupus. I came up as a weak positive, and was sent to a rheumatologist, completely unsurprised by this prospect. A retest and more in-depth blood work came up negative, and in spite of my symptoms, family history and the rate of false results, I was shooed out the door for taking up said specialist’s precious time and continued to live in pain.
Instead of taking any responsibility for investigating the matter for what it really is, we insist on proclaiming an undifferentiated brotherhood of non-racial South African victims. Instead of acknowledging that we are dealing with a deadly blend of crime and ethnic terror, we carry on convincing ourselves that there only exists a criminal dimension to our problem. Rather than confronting the regime and its media apparatus on its dangerous campaign of ethnic mobilisation of the masses, we vigilantly enforce the Transformation ideology's political correctness. Yes, we prefer to live in extreme denial, while we are very possibly heading for a catastrophe on a the scale not yet experienced in this country.
When she wants to talk, you listen, for over 30 minutes (+5)
If the tree is on your property, then UNLESS Con Ed has an easement agreement with you, they can not cut or prune the tree. They have to get you sign a release document or else they would be trespassing and illegally "taking" your tree.
Membership in the Knights of Malta entails obedience to one's superior in THE ORDER and ultimately to the Pope. Therefore, a U.S. ambassador who is also a member of the Knights of Malta faces a conflict of interest. Why is this fact ignored? President Bush appointed Knight of Malta Thomas Melledy to the post of U.S. Ambassador to the Vatican.
I shall have to wait until my sister gets back to ask her, but I don’t want to let my family know I am dieting yet. It’s then like a constant pressure, I would rather them just acknowledge I have lost weight instead.
2) That being the case, at no point in this post will there be tasting notes.
I remember my brother doing it all the time, and being really annoyed by it. I suppose I must have done it too, and been really annoying to others as well. But, well, here I am doing it to you!
Throughout the story, you experience the intense feelings and views of all those involved, and the stifling physical environment of Antoinette’s original home; you also feel the insecurity and uncertainty of the prescribed gender roles and psychological and material motivations of Antoinette and Mr Rochester, as well as the locals, including the servants. There is no ultimate exit or freedom for the female; and for Mr Rochester there is only unremitting nature of the patriarchal power structure and his troubled self, such that it deprives him of any meaningful identity, beyond that of his family’s expectations and a prescribed role for his own masculinity and authority. Sargasso is a powerful read, troubling and passionate, and a unique and profound creative take on issues of identity (especially including Colonial, slave, and the power dynamic between England and the Caribbean), sexuality and madness.
Photograph the El Camino Real Bell
With what you're told in the summary above, I really don't think I can tell you much more. Anything I say is likely to spoil the book for you. But this book is brilliant! I have to say, although I worked out some of the things going on, I didn't see the ending coming, and oh my god, what a cliff hanger! So cruel, but so brilliant! I am so keen to read the third book, because I am DYING to know what's going to happen! An absolutely brilliant book, one that fans of The Dark Devine should pick up as soon as they can! Just fantastic!
On Thursday, Kiddos 1 and 2 continued with the "Freedom" study that I posted about here. They were so excited to try Betsy Ross' trick of making a five pointed star with just one snip of a scissors. It works! :-)
I’ve long been aware of Mercer’s writing. Though I rarely agree with her, she’s quite a presence on the right side of the blogosphere. This is an extremely well- written and provocative work. I was riveted as I read it.
Meanwhile, something very odd happens in the core itself. If the core is more massive than roughly 1.4 times the Sun's mass - a critical threshold known as the Chandrasekhar limit - then there's enough gravitational compression that even electron degeneracy pressure cannot prevent it from collapsing further. There's enough pressure that every proton in the core begins pairing off with an electron in the core, and the two combine to form a single neutron while emitting a few neutrinos. With a mass of at least 1.4 solar masses, there are countless protons and electrons, resulting in a wave of even more neutrinos...one theory is that this wave of innumerable neutrinos actually causes the violent explosion of a supernova.
My approach to beer writing is by no means the only approach, but I write to try to encourage other people to share the simple joy of beer as much as I do, to switch on people who drink beer but don't particularly care about it that much, to suggest to them that there's so much more they might enjoy. No one says you have to do it this way, and no one ever made me the spokesperson for beer. It's just how I decided to write, in the same way others decided to write in an opinionated way about what they love, and what they hate.
- lettuce
Time to run my colours up the flagpole. I am not a big fan of unrestrained markets. I was disturbed to hear about the suicide in Athens this past week of Dimitris Christoulas, aged 77, who shot himself in front of the Greek parliament to protest the savage austerity measures that cut his pension in half and, as he said in his suicide note, would soon have reduced himy to rummaging in rubbish can for his food. I see Mr Christoulas as a victim of bad government, not simply of rapacious capitalism. Banks do what governments allow them to do.
The trip had an intense influence on the two artists. During the voyage, Twombly made the sketches that would become the backbone of his distinctive scrawl and graffiti break from the Abstract Expressionists. His North Africa Sketchbook eventually fed into paintings such as Tiznit, 1953 and Criticism, 1954, which many critics see as turning points towards his mature style. Twombly was thinking deeply about painting and drawing at this period, and furthermore Europe had entered his consciousness in a real way. In 1958, he would move to Rome for good.
in the shocking case.
Rudyard Kipling was given this helpful feedback: "I'm sorry Mr. Kipling, but you just don't know how to use the English language."
The cartoon of the MP Ahmad Lofti Ashtiani shows him dressed as a footballer after he reportedly interfered in decisions about sports in Iran.
But everything changes for her one day when she "meets" James. She is changed irreversibly!
A: None. It’s more fun in the dark!
My friend suggested that I must be whipped because I help my wife with lots of household things; (dishes, laundry, cooking).
I already had one so wasn’t looking.
Potatoes are tested, the table set.
“One must avoid ambition in order to write. Otherwise something else is the goal: some kind of power beyond the power of language. And the power of language, it seems to me, is the only kind of power a writer is entitled to.”
“Starseeds, Spiritual Experiences, and Enlightenment,” April 25, 2012, at http://the2012scenario.com/2012/04/starseeds-spiritual-experiences-and-enlightenment/ . In this article I discuss getting and losing peak experiences again and speculate that Starseeds and Lightworkers will not experience a “dramatic” enlightenment.
All told, I did not read many novels this year besides Sebald and the Germans, only 4. I filled in the gap with non-fiction and plays. I went through a long a prosperous Euripides stage inspired by Mike Kelley’s artwork. I read Medea, Hecuba, The Suppliants, and The Bacchae. Martin McDonough’s The Beauty Queen of Leenane, A Skull in Connemara, The Pillowman, and The Lonesome West were delightfully wicked. Missing the Steppenwolf theater company’s production of The Pillowman last year truly is one of my more ignominious failings. I read Stoppard’s Artist Descending A Staircase again, and again, found a much to take from it to my study of visual art. I discovered Ionesco at last with Rhinoceros, The Bald Soprano, and The Lesson. It is amazing how long it takes me to get around to things.
Apparently France produced 18,450 tons of it in 2005. Yes, TONS. That's the weight of your average semi. Of FAT LIVER. Someone explain to me how these people are skinny? Me no get.
This one: an empty flower pot
Lunch was usually eaten on the run. Someone would run into a house and ask the aunt for a bologna sandwich. Then we would all ask for one and there seemed to be a loaf of white bread and a package of thick, sliced bologna in every kitchen. I do not recall ever being denied this request.
5) Warm Bodies, by Isaac Marion. Oh, how I adored this book. I found it while in a reading slump and it basically cured me for most of the year. It's a zombie book — but not like you think it is. I said: "You’ve been looking for a book where you finish it with a smile on your face, haven’t you? I know it. Well, this is it."
So, I got to work, whipping this together for her.
Hello my fellow teachers :)-
I asked at two more places. Homes, this time. At the first place they were sitting outdoors, the man, his wife moving some hay, the kids playing, some other guy working by the wall. I was very discreet and indirect, dropping hints. Is there a place to stay somewhere here? Just sleep, actually, since I have my own stuff. No, no, not a hotel, a school maybe? A post-office? There’s a hotel 2k down the road, he said, or try the town you just left behind. I asked directly at the next place, using the single largest Kannada sentence I knew, nanage illi ondu ratri irrakolakke jaaga kodake aggatta? will it be possible to give me a place to stay here for one night? Not caring for even the effort I’d taken to memories and say that, he said a prompt no.
The hoards of beer lovers began to show up in front of the table and the pouring began. 1 ounce and 1 ounce only was really the only rule to follow and it was one of the easiest jobs I have done. The best part about volunteering is that you are allowed breaks where you can go and try beers from different regions.
Our parents didn't invent stupid names for their kids like 'Kiora' and 'Blade' and 'Ridge' and 'Vanilla'
How could you do this to me,
The flavour is quite sweet in this beer too, a little like dark Belgian candy sugars or a really nice, good quality brown sugar. Other flavours consist of brown bread, some toffee, light malt spice, grapes, pears and a good dose of Sake! The finish is sweet and moorish, with no indication of how strong the beer is... it's gone before you even knew it was poured.
It’s an image that stays with me, in and of itself, but also because it’s made up of such simple elements. Fabien stays in a secure place away from the violence bookending her scenes. Analysis has focused on the fact that it is a war on TV, and that this connects with Butch’s memory and what takes place after. I don’t think it’s necessary for it to be a war for this sequence to work, only a scene of movie violence, for there to be the ominous aspect, not simply as a foreshadowing of violence, but tied in with the idea of the characters in the movie as types. The boxer that has betrayed the kingpin, has been used for conflict in fiction over and over. They are designed not for examination of characters, but for the pleasure of eventual conflict. The violence on TV is, for me, like the sand running out of an hourglass – sooner or later, we expect, we want, the boxer and kingpin to meet. It is inevitable not because of the characters, but the structure itself and the expectations of the structure: violent conflict.
This fantastical claim, based on no scientific discovery at all (it corresponds to nothing in the fossil record), is exceedingly self-contradictory. The most important point here is that such an imaginary change would leave a creature deaf. Naturally, a living thing cannot continue hearing if its jaw bones slowly start entering its inner ear. Such a species would be at a disadvantage compared to other living things and would be eliminated, according to what evolutionists themselves believe.
Over time, and as these things work out, the friendship deteriorated to the point where we were not on very good terms. Several arguments about specific things resulted and the we grew apart. I remember we hadn’t spoken to each other in a while when, out of the blue, I got a call one night before football.
Lorena does an exquisite job on her roses, if you haven't seen them just go
Baroness Thatcher, 86, underwent laser eye surgery while in office in 1983.
6.) Rewrite the zoning code
Hi Moonrat,
I spent several nights working on this since some nights I'd just add a coat with the roller and other nights I'd do the trim work with the brush. It does dry pretty quickly (about 30 minutes to touch) but the instructions say to wait 4 hours before painting a second layer. Since I'm not staying up until 1-2am to add another coat, that means I have to wait 24 hours before I can paint again the next night.
The super-ego is always in close touch with the id and can act as its representative in relation to the ego”. Freud cites his experiences in psychoanalysis, in which people exhibit a sense of guilt that makes them resistant to conquering their pathology.
If it’s a crime to take some pictures of a girl
I read a great book called Whiskey and Philosophy in preparation for my main character’s alcoholism. She drinks Scotch because her father does, because she hates it, because she’s Scottish and needs to find a connection to her roots.
“(Quantum Theory of Reality) is exciting, it is extremely precise, it is mathematically beautiful; and it describes everything. It just doesn’t make sense.” Anton Zeilinger
Even better, insiders can discover and share their own findings, which contribute to the overall group benefit.
The voucher also included one glass of red iced tea. So I had that while hubby ordered a can of soda for himself. The red iced tea tasted veeeery familiar… like the one at Tokyo Tokyo, I think? It was also very sweet for us, so we just asked for more ice to dilute it with.
I guess that I can pretend that I’m holding your hand,
In the meantime, here are some recipes I've posted in past holidays that you might enjoy.
Our Lady of Walsingham, pray for us
Even as amusement parks and sideshows were establishing themselves out here, so, too were actual vaudeville theaters. Coney Island’s vaudeville houses were strictly seasonal, and there was a very good reason for their existence. This was decades before theaters were air conditioned. In summer, the New York theaters were empty: you couldn’t even go into them they were so stifling. Think of it: no windows, and the body heat of hundreds of audience members raising the room temperature to 98.6. I think of the ordeal as being something similar to the one the Alec Guiness suffered in the Bridge Over the River Kwai. This was an era when men did not take off their coats in public, and again, women wore dresses that went to their ankles. One response to summer heat was rooftop gardens, a number of Manhattan theaters presented their summer shows at these. Otherwise, people would trek out to theaters at Coney Island.
2007-08 Fleer Hot Prospects
1. Cut half a cauliflower into little chunks, add in a pan and cover with water. Put the lid on the pan and cook it for 10 minutes.
As a professor at Oxford, C.S. Lewis wrote several academic essays on Christianity. Then one day he had a revelation about the power of story from his colleague J.R.R. Tolkien. He realised that stories are far more powerful than even the most beautifully presented academic argument. So he wrote The Narnia Chronicles.
Mike laughs
Cast : Kirsten Babich, Danielle Bolduc, Chris Brennan, Franco Buttarico, Jonathan Cahill, Julie Cartier, Rich Correia, Susan DeMay, Vanessa Dunn, Dave Eastwood, Cassie Fazzino, John French, Mark Burton Grzesiuk, James Hawkes, Becca Jordan
Back in the slow queue, we debate what we are going to do… another bend, more uphill, the traffic moves, when suddenly I see one of them at the entrance of a lay-by, wind milling his arms, inviting and guiding us in.
Philippians 2:17; Mark 10:15; Isaiah 26:3 (NKJV)
I am lucky.
John Williams & Cleo Laine – Feelings
If you are into dark chocolate and coffee then this beer will be for you. It is a beer that is probably only for cold winter days/nights though. I can't imagine having this on a hot summer night. I know that a lot of folks really enjoy this brew and have it as one of the top winter seasonals. I don't think I would vote it to my top 3 but I was glad I gave it a try, and will probably come back to it again.
And hide from the truth
Interestingly, the analysis discusses embodiments of a storyline in Beauregard format as well (a "machine-readable storage medium storing information and configured to cause a machine to perform a process of relaying a story having a unique plot"). I have to confess that I'm curious to see these applications that have allegedly been filed (I couldn't find them on my first try, although I found this howler that was filed by IBM).
You can’t get away from the fact that everything is exactly as it should be.
As an instructor, I have found that people love to see before and after, or step-by-step progressions. Frequently I will have one page with the black & white image, and a colored version next to it. If you don't have too many pieces in your portfolio, then this is also a good way to fill up space.
Monday we decided would be a day that we hit the water. Snorkeling. I guess I should mention that Ed lived in Hawaii a number of years ago when he was in the Navy. So he knew his way around. It was nice to have someone with us that knew where they were going.
I’m going Uni in september, and obviously I’m going to say I can’t wait to go. But no matter what, when me and my mum are having an argument she should never, never tell me that she can’t wait for me to leave. As if i’m going to be able to forget she said that. I wish I could leave now.
By the way, I'm thinking of relaunching Life Circle in January to fit in with the New Year, New You vibe that happens then. This may mean we revisit some of the tasks we've done before - although some are meant for revisiting from time to time. However, if I feel you might not want to repeat a task, I'll provide an option for the class of 2011. Don't worry, there will be room for all of us!
We never set out to adopt a five year old. That's not really a secret. We wanted babies or at least little boys under the age of two. But we got a five year old and a three year old and truly, we got exactly the kids we were supposed to get. Knowing that I've already missed so much of your life breaks my heart. Buying size 11 and 12 shoes for your feet, knowing that I missed all the other sizes before that, breaks my heart. They're just shoes. You'll wear them for a while, possibly pass them on to your brother eventually, they aren't a big deal.
I typically am not a mean person. It's in my genes to be a people pleaser. I blame my mother (or I should probably thank her).
I don’t know, but I want to give something like this a try. The practices that this kind of struggle demands – experimentation, negotiation, perseverance – represent qualities I want my children to embrace in both their politics and their personal lives. It will serve them much better than the aura of predestined greatness that pervades the current version of America’s founding mythology.
I find myself now standing still. My daughter seems to be standing still. I have stopped the fury and frenzy, and I seem to be just mirroring her steps. . . . If she moves to the left, I move to the left. If she moves to the right, I move to the right. When I drop her off for school, if offers her cheek for a kiss, I give her one. If she offers her lips for a kiss, I kiss them. And that’s about it. She doesn’t offer much, and neither do I. She doesn’t seem to be able to receive much more than what she is capable of giving.
So naturally, I'm going to finally say, "Today was a good day!" (No it wasn't.) -- I'm just trying to be more positive because I was shocked to read someone's comment that pretty much asked if anything good happens here (No it doesn't.) So then I thought that maybe I should try to be more positive and upbeat...you know, fake.... But then I thought, Do I really have to be positive with you guys? Let's face it...Positive is going to be a little bits difficult for me to pull off. It's exhausting!
2 cups sugar snap peas, tough strings removed, cut into strips
Steeped in popular culture and imagination, mention the name Khoa San Road and ears prick up. A backpacker and travellers’ oasis, Khoa San has a long-standing reputation for being an accepting and wild party destination but there’s much more to it. On this short stretch, crammed with shop fronts, traders, outdoor restaurant areas and stalls; everyone seems to mingle rather effortlessly despite the dozens of nationalities that comprise the crowds. Traders line the streets and walkways; bars and restaurants pump a united concoction of sound; and hundreds trawl the space in between shopping, sight-seeing, socialising and working. The stretch is generally busy throughout the week but when Friday night comes round, the volume is inched up dramatically and the drinks start flowing rapidly for full blast party mode all throughout the weekend.
There’s some icky drama to start the episode…hope you have a strong stomach because if it’s indicative of the episode, it’s not for the squeamish. For those who missed it, McGarrett is off searching for Shelburn and will not return until next week’s episode. It smallpox…ggrreeeattt…..Why can’t the ever pick diseases that don’t make you all gross looking before you die? Well that just wouldn’t make for riveting TV now would it? Ah ha! A Comescu, and the NCIS connection becomes clear; it also explains why it’s Callen and Sam, rather than Kensi, who already appeared on an episode, who come to Hawaii.
"Every time I would log on to read the comments, there was always something hurtful," said Ziegler. "And it got me thinking, Wow, I put myself out there. There's my photograph. There's my school information ' I felt more vulnerable, not being anonymous. I now don't have any pictures on my blog, or my name."
The indecision is making me not do anything at all.
We get there and they don't take credit cards for impound payments!?!?!?!?
"Where the car is parked"! Oh this reminds me of the time I was shopping at the mall with all the kids about a year ago. We left the mall and walked through the parking lot to our car (at the time I had a green van that didn't lock). I opened the passenger door and threw my purse in the car and started to open the sliding side door. The kids were standing there, looking at me like I was nuts. I snapped at them, "Get in the car! Why are you guys just standing there?" They answered, "This isn't our car, Mom!" I looked in the passenger side where I'd tossed my purse and saw a pack of cigarettes on the seat and some other items that didn't belong to me. Oops. I quickly grabbed my purse, closed the door and hoped and prayed that no one would think I'd just snatched a purse out of someone else's car. Then we very quickly walked down the row to our real car. The kids still haven't let me live that one down.
