There is so much in my life
He met his friend Zucchini and he asked her for a dance.
After I got home from work yesterday I sat at my craft desk and finished colouring the images I had stamped for the 'Moving House' card. Once that I was done I carefully cut them out and started to think about what to do with them.
“We must find new lands from which we can easily obtain raw materials and at the same time exploit the cheap slave labour that is available from the natives of the colonies. The colonies would also provide a dumping ground for the surplus goods produced in our factories.“
The average South African, for example, definitely shouldn't be pale-skinned - only 9.2 per cent of the population define themselves as white.
When I am not in the studio I am dancing, practicing dancing, gardening, cooking, socializing, driving somewhere, going to market. I no longer have a housekeeper. I sleep when and how long I want to now, which is the only way I can keep going. I wonder how I produced so much when I had children at home? Being young helped.
What he did say was this:
As far as I can tell from contemporary maps it was in the late 1840s that part of the land occupied by the Kings Mills Wharf was sold off to allow the expansion of the docks and for a new lock to be added.
“We’ve improved the car step by step,” said Romain Dumas. “It’s a shame that we weren’t permitted to join the qualifying, we could have done with the extra practice for finding a good set-up. I last drove the car at Road Atlanta. Compared to last year’s version, the 2.0 has made huge progress.” Richard Lietz commented: “Okay, we have to start from the back tomorrow, but that is not a decisive handicap over a six hour race. I’m looking forward to showing the fans in the States how much fun a hybrid car can be because it’s efficient and quick swift at the same time.”
The most important message is what it doesn't tell us. It doesn't tell us whether the person who died consented when the lethal dose was administered.
Norwex is committed to radically reducing the use of chemicals in personal care and cleaning to promote health. More than ever they feel the need to emphasize the positive environmental impact of reducing chemical use.
I've purchased quite a few items from this business this year, but I'll only be doing a review on a certain pair of shoes which caused me quite a lot of grief these past few months. I may include a small overview of the other items I've bought from Lovely E-Gallery next time.
The original Gospels were written in Greek, which is unusual as none of the disciples are said to have able to speak Greek or even read (most of them were ordinary fishermen). There is another problem. It is presumed that Jesus spoke in Aramaic, the language spoken in Palestine at the time. This means his words were translated from Aramaic into Greek, into Latin and then into English. It is highly likely that words would have been lost in translation or other phrases given new meaning. If so, how can we possibly know for sure what was the original meaning of any Jesus’ words. In fact Christopher Hitchens claims that the whole story of the virgin birth is due to the Greek word for “young women” (“parthenos”) being mistranslated into “virgin” (“neanis”)
Eating ALL THE CHOCOLATE!- Because, let’s be honest, the best part of VD isn’t twuuu wuvv, it’s the chocolate.
By the time we arrived in Lille, the rain was horrendous. We walked around getting soaked while we found somewhere to eat - we ended up at the lovely Arriere Pays, which serve a huge variety of tartines (open-faced sandwiches, I think they might be called elsewhere), and salted-butter caramel crepes. Which were awesome. Paul, in a fit of insanity, decided to try the local liqueur, genievre. There is a reason that this particular drink hasn't achieved national or international success; it's fucking horrendous. Tastes like anti-freeze, on a good day. I'm unconvinced that you could mix it with anything that would disguise the horror that is this drink. Don't be fooled by its harmless appearance, it is Evil Incarnate.
Dead leaves and the dirty ground when you’re thinking of the Holy Ghost. Da da da da-da da-da da. Something something. I thought the cat was done puking because we changed out her food to easily digestible “mature adult” but nope that’s not enough. At least I found something she likes but yeah, today I’m waking up to the pukey sound and seeing her hovering over a pile of my shoes. Damn that gets me up fast.
It is not something to be avoided at all costs. We cannot lock ourselves in and keep it outside.
leggings- Forever 21
Happy Mother's Day to my Incredibly-Patient-Mother.
1 money
( yay!! See our shed!!! Yay!!! –sorry but it sat in our garage in the box for exactly 14 months, so, again, YAY!!! and you can see the garden too, we dug it out, when we should have built it up, told you I am no gardener! All it has is a few hopeful beans, a rotten Pomato, and a dying pea)
Next was Brenda with her first - and I suspect not the last - use of a LOTV image, here. Gorgeous colouring and a perfect mix of green, pink and purple - those colours all go together brilliantly. Brenda had a bit of a sad face as she hadn't put her sentiment on the front of the card - I think it would have had as much, if not more, impact anyhow on the inside where it ended up :) It's often good to open up a card and then see the link between the sentiment and the front of the card. Do go to see the beautiful result! Then Brenda returned later in the week with this beauty. It's a Christmas card, yup we're already making those, and the red and blues that Brenda used go so well together. Do hop over to see - I've just been for another look and not many of you have called by, you're missing a super card!
Madison, the main character in this, was one I liked a lot and could relate to, because she was funny and filled with a lot of heart, and someone who while made mistakes, fixed them and learned from them as well. Her friendship with Ruth, Lisa, and Shy was one of my favorite parts because it was easy to see how much these girls cared about each other, and when mixed together, they always provided laugh out loud scenes. Also, Nate equals swoon-worthy!
I’ve been having a lot of fun this past week or so writing daily for Korean Indie‘s Top Band 2 posts (if you haven’t checked them out yet, you can find the links to the posts in the Review Index; the index will continue to be updated daily with links until the show begins in May, and then it will be updated weekly), and discovering a lot of new Korean indie bands that hadn’t really entered my radar before. It’s a nice and refreshing change to write about Korean music instead of dramas (although I do post a lot of music-related stuff for the YouTube Clip Of The Week feature), and to do it with a group of people, at that. Makes me think about changing things up on this blog a bit.
You Know When the Men Are Gone–I heard about this one on NPR I think, a while back. It’s a collection of stories about families who have given up their men to fight in the conflict in the Middle East. Should be an interesting read, and something that will help me broaden my view, since no one close to me has been in war recently.
I drove round London to-night in a curricle with Walter Winans inspecting the fireworks. I have never seen so many people; certainly never so many drunken ones.
8 laboratory
The poet's duty to the truth of things
I think all of us who read HeroinHeads blogs are always excited to read a new one, and when he finally births a blog I have a little ritual that I do. Let me tell you all about it.
Columbia River, Mississippi River and Grand Canyon.
While eating a very low light stays on that runs the length of the table. At first I thought this would be disruptive to the movie but I didn’t notice it at all during the movie. Near the end of the movie I noticed our check was laying on the table. My husband paid with a credit card and handed back to the server. There was no distraction at all to the movie with the handling of paying for dinner.
Forgiveness:
Bob a member of NN believes that such projects have helped him gain “the confidence to speak out and say what I need to say”. Kirsty, another long term member believes that:
XL: “I plan on touring in the fall but I haven’t worked on specifics yet. That’s going to be the next step now after I’m done with all the stuff regarding the EP.”
Independent agents are far more likely to receive training from an independent intermediary at this stage of their career, although we know that the majority of them got their start in the business as a career agent. Still, the natural question for companies marketing in the independent distribution channel remains open: are the BGAs and IMOs they are contracted with doing an adequate job meeting producers’ needs in this important area? In the three areas of training LIMRA evaluated, affiliated producers are happier with the quality of the training they receive. Sixty-seven percent of affiliated agents think that their primary carrier’s product training is very good or excellent; this rating drops to 54 percent for independent producers.
I also snapped these photos today of a few other things I wanted to remind myself to always be thankful for...
All stupid and insane?
Days when we frolicked through family gatherings filled with happy adults and so much love.
And the humidity.
I was surprised to see the Coke machine sitting in the middle of the fellowship hall. However, I quickly concluded that the deacons had moved it for some reason and that they would put it back in due time. Later in the day, I saw that the machine was indeed back in its usual place in the lobby.
NCBA Environmental Stewardship Award winners Bob and Kathy Lee – Judith Gap, Rep. Jeff Welborn – Dillon, and Carl and Janice Mattson with U.S. Grain Growers – Chester, were just some of the participants.
"We find that there will be serious constraints for Port Elizabeth to meet the deadline," he said, before stressing that the stadium in the southern coastal city was expected to be ready for the 2010 World Cup.
In a homebirth, I know my birth support intimately, will not be pressured, bullied, or have to deal with unfamiliar surroundings. I will be treated with respect. All decisions will be mine.
Meet Edie. She arrived this afternoon and understood immediately that I need a little structure. She can accommodate all my needs and realized intuitively not to hang around too long (meaning that with her shoulder strap extended she hits right at the hip rather than being unpleasant behind my back.) I hate to spend money on these kinds of things and was delighted to find that she would come work for me for a mere $230.
Analytics - tracking your success. If you're doing this well, you need to know what's working, how to do it again, and how to change it just enough that it's new but it still works. The first things you want to look at is your talking about link - how many people like it and how many people are talking about it. Two percent is the baseline; most major companies have 2% that are talking about it. Most major brands aren't getting as high a rate as they'd like. To figure out your percentage, divide talking about number by followers and multiply by 100 to get the percentage.
Most of you probably have at least one or two hobbies that you spend some of your free time pursuing. You might be into gardening, playing golf or any number of other healthy diversions that help us cope with the pressures of everyday life. I’m sure you think you are pretty well adjusted and these leisure activities wouldn’t be considered an obsession or compulsion. But has your hobby ever crossed the line into a full-blown infatuation?
But, my goodness, where was Michiel de Ruyter, the seventeenth century Dutch admiral who lead the Raid on the Medway, an event I’ve described as a kind of English Pearl Harbor. I would even put Bonnie Prince Charlie or, to be more exact, Lord George Murray, above Ntshingwayo kaMahole…or even Michael Collins! Still, I’m sure an entertaining day was had by all, even by those with a less than perfect grasp of history, which would seem to include the Museum’s landlubber curators.
Bisognano: When it comes to your health, you really don’t want to split hairs. Even a little bit of high blood pressure can lead to thickening of the vessels, heart muscles, and other problems. At any stage, hypertension demands our attention – and an action plan.
Close...so close.
Err ... not sure what you're looking for here. I suppose a practical analysis, and practicality is a very important aspect of this particular outfit, but that's misleading without the aesthetic analysis.
10 cloves garlic, minced
c/o Sterling Bank and Trust
An easy-drinking yet still complex amber-colored scotch ale, with a porter/coffee taste. The malts are very rich and there’s a lingering smokiness to it. It has all the taste and characteristics of the best scotch/Scottish ales, with a little bit of smooth English porter sneaking in behind it. Totally worth seeking out in a big way. 8.5/10.
The theme then turned to Qawwalis and I can say without a shadow of a doubt that Ustad Ji would have been extremely proud. The whole band’s energy was unreal, they really got the crowd going, and with 12,000 people in the arena, I’m sure you can picture the atmosphere. Rahat Ji’s version of Halka Suroor was the epitome of a Qawwali. It lasted over 15 minutes, which takes a real set of vocals. He let his playful side come through as well, with some bespoke lyrics, which had the crowd cheering and clapping.
So we shut down the auction and I ran in the back to grab a drink and a bathroom break before we had to start on show teardown. While I'm in the bathroom I can hear them announce the name of the person who won the Featherweight sewing machine (we give one away each year). I never put my name in that drawing because I can't stand the Grandma's Attic smell of that machine and the mildewy case it's been stored in for more than half a century. Cute as they are, I do not want my studio smelling like Grandpa and Grandma Yeskulsky's house.
"Why does it have to be done before Daddy gets home?"
The murder of a three year old girl… by her mother’s boyfriend…
This is just like DRM issues. How do you protect the livelihood of creators without technology so frustrating it makes it hard for customers to stay off the high seas with a parrot on their shoulder?
by Kiilu Nyasha
blue daisies and
All life is in the Hand of God…
I’m honored to be featured on Elise Stephens website today, tackling a very interesting prompt for her “Because I Knew You” guest blog series. Elise is a longtime friend and writer and recently became a bona fide published author with her novel Moonlight and Oranges. She is an insightful and honest woman and she brings both those lovely qualities to her writing which make for refreshing reads.
I walked around campus asking people what they’re nerdy about. Some people said they didn’t really watch television, or films or read comic books and I explained that I wanted to know what they loved, or what their favorite thing to do was.
While the project as approved in 2006 was supposed to take a decade, a revision of the deal for the Metropolitan Transportation Authority’s Vanderbilt Yard gives Forest City Ratner 22 years to pay for the railyard—seemingly a sign that the developer, facing a gentle 6.5% interest rate, can take its time. But the ESDC said that there was nothing to stop FCR from doing it faster.
“Perhaps,” I said. But I secretly agreed. We landed on a dying planet. The American Aeronautical Space Administration surely knew about it. And sent us all to certain death.
I have noticed a particular rise over the past few months from readers of POD, Self Publishing & Independent Publishing asking me to review specific author service companies which they have not yet seen on the site. The array of author service companies is vast and I am slowly working my way through the ones I wish to include—meaning—there are already quite a number I have looked at but have decided not to review. There are many reasons why I decide to pass over a particular author service company—some of the reasons can be entirely innocent, but unfortunately there are also more serious reasons why I have omitted them.
There is only one way to dispel myself of this unsettled feeling and that is to write three unconnected paragraphs to break the curse. I will pick the first three pieces of text that I have to hand.
We're all a bit under the weather, so our halloween consisted of me putting Emma in her disney lion costume (Nala from the Lion King) and Jack in his winter coverall that has little lion ears and walking up the block to my mom's house. I didn't even take any pictures! So I thought I'd share this adorable photo with you instead.
Look #5
Jesus was seen at the feast of a rich tax collector and Jew, Levi. He was known as a friend of sinners. He famously contended that only sick people needed a physician. We find this sinner, Levi, as Mathew the disciple. It is the power of extension. Jesus’s disciples were an unlikely motley crowd of opposites – Simon the zealot and Mathew the tax collector, both served in the same disparate group. A Jewish zealot is against the Roman occupation, whereas tax collectors want to see the regime stay.
If you haven't downloaded the first four volumes of my Summer compilations, click on the "summer" label to take you directly to those posts. Happy Summer!
For one brief moment there was silence as the minute hand of the clock on the wall clunked into place. It was 11:03.
I want to be in a better mood…
Why should there be infighting in ISKCON? You Divine Grace has given an answer why this schism happens:
Supported by The Vasco Era.
This is the new Thanksgiving Day at our house for this year – since Michael was sick yesterday! I checked my phone – no text messages this morning. And when I talked to Angie last night, Michael was eating and feeling better. So I think Thanksgiving with the whole family will happen today!
Price: Free
It was also my good pleasure to meet TOO FAR and ONE HAND. Too Far is pictured (left) manning his position at third base. To the Capitals Base Ball Club, in truth, it was a pleasure to meet you all. I hope you enjoyed the rest of your stay in our little village, and all arrived back home safely. May we meet again and thank you for travelling and participating in a fine day of Vintage Base Ball in Brooklyn.
In the late 1920’s a silent film star named George Valentin, (Jean Dujardin) resists the oncoming ‘talkies’, while an ambitious extra named Peppy Miller (Berenice Bejo) embraces the change. His demotion and sudden fall to insignificance parallels her promotion as Hollywood’s new it girl. Their lives intertwine and lead to an unlikely kinship that ends up saving his life (and career).
We live for moments like this, when ordinary objects become roadside giants, so hats off to you, Yankee Supply. Baby you can drive our cart, beep beep, mm, beep beep, yeah!
Fernet Branca is a tremendously complex amari that is incredibly bitter. Because of its strong herbal flavor, it is incredibly polarizing and has inspired many strong opinions. When first introduced to it, many people greet its taste with a grimace and some sort of guttural, instinctive sound, like GAH!. Usually they only persevere because Fernet is a powerful digestive aid. It is an acquired taste for sure.
When planning the cake of my dreams I knew two things. I didn't want fondant, I hate that stuff. And I didn't want a cheesy topper. I clipped tons of images of cakes and every trend was the same, rustic frosting like your grandmother used to make and flowers or fun items placed on the cake. I looked all over Esty for the perfect topper, and only found a few that spoke to me, but not to Mike and I as a couple. We thought about going with wood block letters from our work, but the fact that they were so old, dusty and otherwise not in the best shape to be put on a cake turned us off. One day while pinning a million things on Pinterest I found the perfect topper and kicked myself for not thinking of it sooner.
Sinagpore 556083
And somewhere in there I read a free copy of Cook’s Country magazine which arrived unsolicited in my mailbox, dropped there, it seems, specifically to taunt me, an anemic in a vegetarian household, with recipes for pulled pork, roast beef, and several items containing bacon.
An estimated 90 per cent of the population are now unemployed, especially noticeable in public services as schools and hospitals shut down for lack of staff.
Dear EFS-Web Users:
or pleasure or fruit,
I can quite rightly call the Pineapple the King of fruits, because it is the most beautiful, and the best of all those which are on earth. It is no doubt for this reason that the King of Kings has placed a cron on its head, as an essential mark of its royalty; then at the fall of the father, it produces a young King who succeeds him in all his admirable qualities.
I eat a less carbs than I used to, but I still eat carbs every day, often every meal. The reason I eat less carbs is because, like many people, they dominated my daily diet. Gradually I increased both the protein and the fats in my diet, which quite naturally and easily led to eating less carbs. However, eating all three of these food groups suits me really well. It gives me the variety, ease and lifestyle approach that I want from a healthy, weight controlled diet.
Whatever feels reallyreallyreally urgent to us may barely register on someone else’s radar. I was shocked into this a few days ago when I called a dear friend, who’d been uncommunicative in response to a request, and discovered that his father had suddenly fallen ill and died.
6) Wearing the same underwear for 24 hours.
“Hello Miriam!
Really an epic lens to use. Macros are incredible. Been using it for about a year and half now.
I’m not an East Coast snob–even though I’ve never been further west than Kenmore Square–but still, I didn’t want to be questioned in hindsight. Or foresight.
If one fails to take advantage of the ways and means of increasing knowledge, verily, he will be classified among those that are “willingly ignorant” (2 Pet. 3: 5).
Now that my friends is the way to go.
Download here
All the prize winners are randomly drawn and we also have a top 3 picked by the DT.
Is there a steady stream of people you want to impress parading through your boudoir? I wish that were the case, but it is not.
"Judging from the package sent, the perpetrator was clearly trying to silence Ulil by killing him", said Nezar Patria, chairman of AJI (Aliansi Jurnalis Independen / The Alliance of Independent Journalists)."The case has to be solved. An attack against an advocate of pluralism is a hard blow to our national ideals. Democracy in Indonesia is now in danger".Tempo Interaktif also published the letter that found within the book-bomb's packet addressed to Ulil.
A week later, Hans goes in for his first x-ray. In the meantime, he receives more intelligence about Madame Chauchat. His tablemate, Miss Robinson the schoolmistress, informs him that Madame Chauchat receives a Russian visitor who stays in town, and also that she is sitting for a portrait by Hofrat Behrens. This news distresses Hans, and causes his temperature to spike. He also observes that Madame Chauchat has another admirer at the sanatorium, a young man from Mannheim. Madame Chauchat ignores this other admirer. On the day of the appointment, Madame Chauchat comes in for her x-ray after Hans and Joachim and converses with Joachim in the waiting room. Hans speculates about whether she speaks to Joachim instead of him out of delicacy about their silent flirtation. Joachim appears to have perceived the goings-on between them, and seems uneasy with Madame Chauchat. Hans looks at the insides of Joachim in the x-ray room, at also looks at the skeleton of his own hand.
Luke Gahan’s experience of love, marriage and divorce shows that same-sex couples can face the same difficulties as their opposite-sex counterparts.
Hi Friends...
Restless Dream
First up, it's got to be Kensington Gardens and Hyde Park -- the site of my (almost) daily run.
And there, ladies and gentlemen, you have the kind of arseholes who own limousine services.
The prize? You could win our entire Christmas Emporium collection! A 12x12 and 8x8 Paper Pad, both coordinating chipboard die-cuts and one of each cling stamp! That's a $76 value! Wow! We can't wait to see what you create!
The Negev District Police bomb squad unit examined the shells and determined that they contained the substance, which is banned by international law for use inside dense population concentrations. Those exposed to white phosphorous might suffer from severe burns and other injuries.
12.) Top with approx ¼ cup of chicken pot pie mix
Paige Farley-Hackel, 46, Newton, Mass.
When I unscrewed it
Sisters Grimm has created quite a following in Melbourne for their scratch shows, often mounted in a matter of weeks. Summertime is a big step up from their last, wickedly enjoyable creation, Little Mercy (staged in the Collingwood Underground Carpark). It's a southern melodrama set during the Civil War, drawing on Tennessee Williams, legendary shlock like Gone With the Wind and Melbourne's drag culture to create a potently subversive work. Aside from the spectacular costumes, the production's trash aesthetic - sheets for curtains, random chairs drawn from somebody's kitchen, the shed itself, the suburban back yard that acts as a foyer - belies the sharpness of the production. This is classy theatre.
After sending some embarrassing drunken emails to ex-boyfriends, in all likelihood I would have fallen over and/ or slept awkwardly after downing the bottle.
The multiracial “reality” of our country has been achieved by deception, by intimidation and bullying, by bribery, corruption, propaganda and lies, it was however not achieved by either consent or democracy.
of Tarot cards.
It isn't funny.
***Note that while B4 is one of the adventure modules I owned back in the "old days" (the 1980s), I have never actually used it in play; all my comments are based upon my reading of the module, not running players through it.
With Mother's Day this weekend, I was inspired to make one more card. I wanted to make one for the expecting or new Mother's since this is a special day for them.
The DT and our GD are all sparkly and twinkly after getting out our glitters for this one and there's plenty here to inspire
People now stood on both sides of the A2 outside the Coniston on a daily basis brandishing banners saying Save Our Hotel. But it was a hollow vigil.
676 D-VII/26/1974. “Privacy in a Technological Society.” Program on Confidentiality, Circuit Court of Cook County, Juvenile Division, Chicago, Illinois.
Our solar system consists of one star - the Sun - and all the objects that orbit it. From largest to smallest, these objects include:
And even ghostly Forty-four
Keep
I suppose it’s appropriate that I would be reviewing Brave New World during a particularly stressful week at work. After all, in Aldous Huxley’s faux-utopian novel, there is no stress. Everyone’s happy with their station in life and during those brief moments when they aren’t, during the hours one might otherwise ruminate on daily obstacles, there’s government-approved and -distributed soma, as close an approximation to Xanax as one might have conceived in the early 1930s.
It would be awesome if you used an Inky Impressions Stamp on your Artwork and I know for sure that our Inky mama Nicole would LOVE to see it. If you don't have any Inky Impressions stamp yet? then please take a look at our webshop. And did you know that Inky Impressions carries a really great line of Embellishments and not to mention Basic Grey and Cosmo Cricut Paperpads for a really good prize!
Lay down your arms
Intrigued? Settle back, and put on Felix Mendelssohn’s Overture and Incidental music for A Midsummer Night’s Dream. Trust me on this – you’re going to love this play.
The Pharaoh took off his signet ring and put it on Joseph’s finger, and had him dressed on fine linen and hung a gold chain around his neck. Then the Pharaoh gave Joseph a viceroy’s chariot, by which he (Joseph) might travel around Egypt more quickly and comfortably than the normal Egyptian man-on-the-farm could.
once.
It's strange to me that I sit here today with a completely different mindset than on Sunday afternoon. Yesterday, I decided to go downtown for some shopping and also to visit some old friends. The idea of reconnecting with others really invigorated me and gave me a renewed outlook; plus, it didn't hurt to hear their insight on my predicament from last Friday.
Ashok B Jain has submitted to the Exchange, vide letter dated April 26, 2012 a copy of Disclosure under Regulation 31(1) and 31(2) of SEBI (Substantial Acquisition of Shares and Takeovers) Regulations, 2011.
8/13 – Fermentation is pretty much done, temp has been holding at ambient 72 – 73˚
~ Potato Head - reg. $35, I paid $12
In sum, do not trust NOAA and most definitely, do not trust the Environmental Protection Agency that is desperately trying to get authorization to regulate carbon dioxide on the grounds that it is causing global warming. This isn’t just a rogue agency. The EPA has the look of a criminal enterprise bent on destroying the U.S. economy.
The shopping got done, the meals were good, the house was clean and the kids got off to school just fine. All was well. I was feeling pretty good about how things were going.
I will never be homosexual and never have been or any tendencies and I do the support the gay community. But with that bias opinion aside, the respect issue is important no matter who you are. Unless someone completely disrespects you and violates your personal rights; leave other people’s alone and let them live. Respect should be universal and not based on personal bias points of views.
Capsicum, 1 pc, cut into small pieces
And it just feels so good. The weird part is we can be comfortable even when we shouldn’t.
· Firstly, he invented his own photographic ‘painting with light’ method (a very different and original ‘special effect’ technique in the early 1960′s) without using any computer, darkroom chemicals, or expensive equipment to create his unique top international award winning studies. This enabled him to produce transparencies (mostly on Kodachrome) that amazed other photographers, Kodak and all the experts at the time; this was way before anyone had computers!
Sure enough. Pick up is now gone and 2 cop cars pull up. Two? With their lights off? They slowly glide down the street and into the school. The mom is still there and they block her so she cannot get out.
In 1955, when its circulation was at an all-time high of 137,000, the Eagle fell silent as the borough’s voice — a victim of a five-month strike that even federal arbitration could not settle. The last issue of the 114-year-old Eagle rolled off the presses on Jan. 28, 1955.
Reading through his journals, it’s easy to see the evolution of my father’s mind. Where he was once a freewheeling hippie, writing poetry and attending protests, soaring through the chemical alphabet with long hair and free love, he grew up and became a scientist. His smile faded as his youthful ideals gave way to physics and binary code and the Big Bang. Whatever he had once believed in and hoped for was replaced by facts, cold and hard data that leaves you little room for free thought.
Cut up a sheet of this old Flair designs pp. and so there is 2 of each pattern (6) on the sheet and turned 4 of them into tags & a card this afternoon along with a few more onesie gift tags too. the ribbon is unknown, the buttons are from Basic Grey, the clip is from Pebbles. the background stamp on the spool is linen from SU.
EU-Central America Association Agreement, 19 May 2010
and retailing
Beaker, on drums, starts to sarcastically snicker behind you. Matt looks up from silently tuning his guitar with a shit-eating grin and rolls his eyes. Even I didn’t think he would win the bet this early. Sigh…then lie…
Are you up to it..?
So I was horrified to hear that one serviceman had had abuse hurled at him from the squatters on Parliament Square in their so called 'peace village'. You may be able to guess from my turn of phrase that I am on the side of Boris Johnson and would like these people removed so we can have access to our public space again and not be bombarded with their nonsense.
So here is my list of favorites, followed by some general comments by competitive areas. Let the debates begin!
So, essentially he is creating a legend by repeating some nine documented historical errors as the truth.
I think we can look at the getting people to believe nonsense & lies, aka "suspension of disbelief" like a bubble. When the bubble is whole, everything goes. But if the bubble is popped…? Logic flaws that didn't seem like flaws at all are glaringly obvious, readers go 'wha??', and writer is grasping at straws to explain the deficit of sense made.
Isaiah 59:2
bells
- Seeing this amazing lady play live at the Deaf Institute in Manchester...
Maria Menousos chose 1988 when she was 10 and played "Material Girl" with change she picked up on the floor of her family's business. That wasn't the best song choice for a rumba, but Derek came through with the choreography. It's a sexy, sensual, passionate, slow dance, which to me doesn't lend itself to the lyrics of that song. Their rumba was hot - very good! Len said it had smouldering intensity. All 9s! Wow! Len said he'd taken happy pills and was in a good mood tonight. He must be. (27)
One of the first thing that Mugo Kebati said is that when he asked an audience, “What is poverty?”, a man stood up and said, “I am poverty.” Mr. Kebati then went on to say how we, and more so the poor in society today, have internalised poverty such that it’s become a way of life rather than something to climb out.
We had tea and toasted tea cakes at The Labworth cafe and restaurant, a curious building squeezed in between the sea wall and the sea. The atmosphere was pleasant and the staff friendly.
He named some bygone venues. Then, he handed me a small photo album, with photos of ballparks paintings.
So then I decided I needed a new angle. This was right around the time my friend Jenni gave me the sobering news that she had cervical cancer. Fortunately, she should be okay after they remove a portion of her cervix or give her a hysterectomy. Unfortunately, either option will leave her unable to have a baby (they would have to remove quite a bit of her cervix and it wouldn't be able to support a pregnant uterus). Well, it just so happens that a very drunk friend of hers volunteered to carry her baby a few years back when she mentioned concerns about being able to conceive.
Speaking of, see that empty frame? See #16. :)
This is the first album Prince released under his symbol name. Fed up with Warner Bros. withholding the album, he decided to release it under the unpronounceable symbol everyone knows him for.
2. Unplug cell phone chargers when they’re not in use. Although it’s a good habit to start unplugging all of your appliances while not in use, cell phone chargers can be the worst.
The text does not ask that an extraordinary virtue, such as humility, be abstracted from the story and made a virtue to be emulated. Rather the whole story, including the eschatological worship of Jesus as Lord, takes on a mind-shaping role. To be sure, the Christ hymn serves a serves a parenetic function to exhort the readers to look not to their own interests but to the interests of others (p. 18, 19).
Bedales School is one of the UK’s top independent private co-education boarding schools. Bedales comprises three schools situated in Steep, near Petersfield, Hampshire: Dunannie (ages 3–8), Dunhurst (ages 8–13) and Bedales itself (ages 13–18). Established in 1893 Bedales School puts emphasis on the Arts, Sciences, voluntary service, pastoral care, and listening to students’ views. Bedales is acclaimed for its drama, theatre, art and music. The Headmaster is Keith Budge.
I advise serving this with a good fishing story, a good song in the background and a cold beer, with a cigar waiting till after dinner.
with my recipe for butterscotch blondie cookies. Blondies are like brownies without chocolate. Instead they have a rich brown sugar flavor reminiscent of butterscotch.
- at a certain point of time, the total size of the GDP couscous grows to a larger size. The difference between the initial size of the couscous plate and the present one is obviously, what can be considered growth gain for everyone eating the couscous. But, there is a catch to it: not everyone benefits from this growth. In fact, it is hardly systematic: a larger couscous plate does not necessarily mean a larger share. As a whole the plate has grown, and new individual shares increase in size as a whole, not necessarily so when taken individually. This explains the fallacy of considering the average income/GDP per capita (or average couscous share) as representative of other shares in its dynamics.
Yes. Flipping through the TV channels would be a very interesting pass time, much more interesting than looking for shapes in the tile on the floor, or watching movie reruns over, and over.
Ry Cooder with Van Dyke Parks, Chris Ethridge, Ritchie Hayward, Roy Estrada, Milt Holland, John Barbeda, Max Bennett, Bobby Bruce & the voices of Gloria Jones & Co.
It's become pretty well known and by now, and indeed is often remarked upon, that Will Holland works damn hard. Works damn hard, has put a lot of records out, and is still damn young. We all know though, that quantity does not equal quality, so what really astonishes is the fact that every single release is a winner. Every single release is worth your time and sees him trying something different, exploring sound, andtranslating his own huge thirst for new sound into his own work. It's a talent that has seen him work with some of the finest names around. Remixing Charlie Parker and Breakestra, collaborating with Sharon Jones and Mr. Scruff, sharing a live stage with De La Soul, toproducing and writing with Spanky Wilson, Quantic's is a talent that is admired by producers, vocalists, and musicians of all the ages. And naturally, clubbers around the world have felt the Quantic pressure too.
The out-of-touch fringe of right-wing climate change sceptics is a dangerous and expensive drag on climate action, but it needn't be that way
But some people get a full nine-day Golden Week holiday from April 29th – May 6th. A lot of those people take an overseas trip.
The mind simply boggles and is even numbed at how human beings can treat animals – God’s creatures – in such a horrific manner, especially animals which are supposed to be their livelihood. Headlines of the NoordWes Streeknuus of 15 February 2003 declared “Farm has twenty owners but the animals remain uncared for”. The next paragraph is shocking:
He added: “The era of the grand ideologies, all encompassing, all pervasive, total in their solutions – and often dangerous – is over. In particular, the battle between market and public sector is over.”
What gives? Any suggestions? Hydrangea tricks I don’t know about? I’m trying the shady areas next. Should I prune them, cut down the old stalks? Do I prune the PeeGee trees as well?
The project footprint eventually included the rail yard site along with a remainder of property comprising empty lots, gas stations, auto repair shops, underutilized or vacant industrial and manufacturing buildings and some residential buildings.
I tried hanging my belts on them...that didn't work for me either!
who treasures every part of my body and soul
3. The difference between confidence and arrogance is your ability to give all the glory to God.
That all happens, they have some moments (including a frankly excellent one where Yuno tells him it doesn’t matter that they were with each other specifically – she would have loved anyone if she became dependent on him, and he would have loved anyone that protected him) and eventually Yuno relents after seeing third-world-Yuno’s abusive parents come to her when she’s in danger and realise the errors of their ways etc. and so Yuno kills herself as she and Yukiteru embrace and Yukiteru becomes a very lonely and miserable god.
But the mother doesn’t feel that way, and she definitely had to go to school to get her kids after the school carried them there and then refused to take them home. That’s what triggered my sense of outrage: what kind of bureaucratic monstrosity will allow the school to take the kids to school on the bus, but not return them to their home on the bus the very same day?
As a teacher appreciation gift for my son's 1st grade teacher, I decided to make a quick picnic quilt using her favorite colors. I originally had planned on making it out of fat quarters the same way I made my 1st picnic quilt, but when I spotted this fabric at Hancock Fabrics and thought it would be an even better choice.
As a leader if one has not yet considered the possible nature, intensity, ferocity, origin, direction, size and duration of such onslaught then one is not worthy of being a leader. If one has not yet contemplated the approach, the possible strategies of defence, the nature of that defensive then why are you leading people and where are you busy leading them to?
The issue itself is out on November 9, and I’ll try to show off a page or two before that, although I do also want to leave the story’s artistic sense of wonder for you to discover in the pages of the issue itself. For now, you get Gabriel’s cover for the issue.
This Valentine Card feature's many of the hearts from the Inkadinkadoo Heart set.
Claudia Alicia Martinez Foster, 26, New York, N.Y.
Edward VIII had been a man starved of a mother’s affection. His own mother, Queen Mary, was a pretty cold fish, who left Edward in the hands of a pretty sadistic nanny. His youngest brother who was mentally handicapped was shunted aside, and treated as if he didn’t exist. He was completely scared of his father George V, who boasted that he’d been afraid of his father, and he was damn sure that his children would be afraid of him. All of Edward’s affairs had been with older married women.
Her weight from last week was: 166.8
She is super stylish and loves to shop (but at good stores, like J.Crew and Anthropologie- not 'old lady' stores).
I just wanted to say that I first noticed this about dot products back when I was a student. I looked at a problem where the dot product was distributed and at first I was completely confused. When I eventually figured it out and spoke up, one of my fellow nerds replied with, “Well Duh.” Acting like it was completely obvious. Except it is not obvious. There is nothing obvious about multiplying vectors.
There seems to be some new problems arising in the station at the moment. I feel bad about not being around more often to try and help or suggest ideas, but unfortunately school has be pretty locked down at the moment. In any case I think one of the biggest issues would have to be how the music is run when there are no DJ's on air (which is a lot at the moment, another issue that hopefully should be resolved soon). Pretty much, when there are no DJs on air or if it's past 11:00 pm, we switch over to the constantly playing music collection that is run by the DJing Program Mega Seg which runs autonomously. It's pretty much a giant iTunes Shuffle in the words of my Music Director, only it has a few extra tricks, tricks that aren't working like they should thank's to our shotty organization and limit purging.
I don’t know why, but I thought it was funny how she preferred Gadget Boy but only role plays Sherlock Holmes.
I like to say that the biggest lie of adulthood is that it's somehow drastically different from being a child or teen. Well, so far it's not. I'm only 28, but seriously, I've been relearning the same lessons I have since I was a kid.
Enforcing quality and commitment in public services is not easy and require leadership of the highest order.
“Oh yeah,” I said, peering up from my menu. “The beefcake…”
I thought I would share with you my different hauls. There were just too many little items to post them one by one. If you have a question about something I will be more than glad to answer. So anyway, I hope you enjoy looking!
Or you could try something else: Go to the grocery store, find the condiments aisle and pick out some mustard. Plain will do.
He wasn’t very happy when he saw the crate in the middle of the living room.
Preparation time: 15 mins to 1 hour
Well, they've gone and made a cheap little cartoon to move some Hasbro toys into something exploitative.
How many fish can go in this fish tank?
Several of you wanted to see a pic of my tatt. Originally, I posted a pic just after I had it done, before the scabs came off. (That sounds gross, huh?) Anyway, when it finally healed, I was disappointed to find that there were spaces with no ink and other areas where the shading was much lighter.
To illustrate what this could mean: I'm currently consulting with another global macro brewer who is doing a deal not dissimilar to this (though on nothing like the same scale). It's not something I will cover as a writer because that would be a conflict of interest, and I can't say who it is until it goes public later in the year. But the macro in question is saying to itself internally, "We can't manage brands like this the way we normally do - if we apply our standard processes to the craft market, we'll only fuck it up." The deal therefore gives the craft beer access to far greater distribution channels and new investment in the brewery, and gives the macro a slice of the profit plus a little kudos, and the chance to see how craft beer works. But the macro has committed to not trying to interfere with how the micro makes its beer.
(I’m not always this pissed off, just sometimes, again, take this as a critique from a crazy asshole, let me have my fun)
Wouldn't that make the coolest show? :D
how blissfully happy we were.
“I wanted to go up by the river. It’s a pretty fun road, I think you’ll like it.”
And it came to pass, as the angels were gone away from them into heaven, the shepherds said one to another, Let us now go even unto Bethlehem, and see this thing which is come to pass, which the Lord hath made known unto us.
It’s a recent development
I always figured: why listen to talk talk talk when I can groove on the sidewalk? But then I opened my closed little mind, and discovered podcasts provide a different kind of groove. A slow burn, a calm voice, a giggle. A just-what-I-need-right-now buzz. And they're FREE.
Sadly, Britain no longer produces women like Mary Poppins, who could coax people to Noddyland by a singing a soothing lullaby. Cut-glass English accents are out of fashion in the UK, where the current crop of nannies are burly young women with hoarse voices from places like Woking and Slough. Listening to them warble is not conducive to a restful night of slumber.
oh, we set our dreams to carry us
Frédéric Fekkai Protein RX Conditioner ($39.95)
I’ve read Twilight. And I enjoyed it.
As a US lawmaker tabled bill in the House of Representatives, espousing self-determination for Balochistan, Pakistani media has been airing string of programmes and holding debates on the issue with several Baloch leaders sharing their views on how to redress the miseries of people of Pakistan’s southwestern province.
I finally got around to hanging the plates in our guest room:
How about just…”Love me?” That pretty much sums that all up and a lot more.
First jab at Charlie Sheen!
I'm crabby at home, I take it out on my family.
And there I was, finally in a familiar space. I knew how to do this. This was a rhythm I had down, and the only multitasking I had to do was breathing as I pulled myself through the water. At least for this moment, things are indeed getting back to normal.
2 weeks then heading back home to Australia.
As a follow-up to the previous Wonders of the Universe i-app released by Harper Collins, Fragile Earth brings us back from the farthest reaches of the Universe to our own beautiful blue world, whose surface is rapidly changing due to the effects of human civilization.
A great restaurant, across the street from Grand Central Station... they had the BEST chicken pot pie. We ate there twice ::
The truth is indeed far more stranger than we can possibly imagine with our 3rd Density brains.
as the trees grow
Electric Products Building - Mural by Martha Axley depicts the use of electricity in modern industrial life. Architects: Walker and Gillette.
Happy Friday! Can you believe it's still sunny here?
Then the moment that everyone else had been waiting for arrived. Stallone ambled onto the set; and as anticipated, the crowd went berserk. I applauded politely -- they wouldn't miss it if I didn't scream. A man shouted "We looove you!" Finally we sat back down. The girl who had squished next to me, with an unpruned hairdo bigger than a houseplant, kept craning her head to the right so I got frequent mouthfuls of hair. Lord oh lord, why me? I, who could have cared less, was sitting with the perfect front view of Stallone, and she, who craved seeing him, couldn't. The terrible irony of it all. I would have gladly swapped seats with her. But we weren't allowed to move once the taping began, remember?
“Um Mommmm…”
The R800-million constituted more than 40% of the bank’s reserves. The norm is for the bank to limit its exposure at between 15% and 20% of its reserves per client.
JAW: This is an ongoing dilemma, a paradox really, and elemental tension that I wrestle with. It is a question of separating and integrating at once the complex emotions, associations, memories and conceptual attitudes related to one’s home and family with the analytical and evaluative criteria of judgment. I want to translate and make my beliefs and values accessible to a larger world. The goal I think is to find a visual correlative in the world that translates photographically. I’ve learned to trust my intuitive gifts as well as my intellectual ones. I treat all with equal respect. In my best work you can feel that same genrative tension and conflict. You can see the tension of wrestling to keep all in suspension so I can call on any or all when needed. These oppositions are not so much reconciled as accepted. When I work, I try to hold making, knowing and judging in meaningful suspension and trust that what is necessary will come to my aid. It’s a matter of preparation, practice and attention. Of course this is a gross simplification of the process.
always liked Kate Bush. But when she started out, she was
01. Intro - Let’s get ready (prod. by San the Instru-Monumentalist)
Level 17: MP Cost: 19, Attacks up to 4 enemies 3 times, Damage: 224%, 9% chance to stun the enemy for 4 seconds.
At last! A 1960s Fontana original! It is a little worse for wear, but the sound is sooo much superior to what now seems a comparatively feeble Mole Jazz reissue from the 1980s. And that great cover.
We were wrong a hundred years ago. We know more now. And if what we formerly took for nothing turns out, on closer examination, to have the makings of protons and neutrons and tables and chairs and planets and solar systems and galaxies and universes in it, then it wasn’t nothing, and it couldn’t have been nothing, in the first place. And the history of science — if we understand it correctly — gives us no hint of how it might be possible to imagine otherwise.
WHO FORGIVES ALL YOUR SINS
To be successful with PPC you need to be original and keep away from all the ‘big’ keyword phrases that do have way too much competition. Although competition with a product isn’t a big issue, competition with keywords is. For example, if you are promoting a product in the weight loss niche, if you use PPC ads for the term ‘weight loss’ you will be commission PPC suicide, there is just too much competition. Instead, try using terms like ‘Using Treadmills for Weight Loss’ or ‘Fat Loss by Jogging’.
If these slimming aids, or as I like to call it other types of food, are to be given to the chubby chaps and chappesses, what exactly are the recipients going to contribute in this deal?
She said: “They could have killed my son. If I thought my child was capable of doing something like this I would take them to the police myself.”
He would not be pulled down.
Curry Chicken Salad
Even a TV in my room?!
Christian Business Ethics: Earning Profit
I originally labelled this incorrectly, somehow placed it on the west coast.
“I think the challenge really has to do with the seeming inability, particularly in the House of Representatives, to arrive at any kind of position that compromises any of their ideological preferences,” he said. “None. And you’ve heard it. I’m not making this up. I think there are a number of members of that caucus that have been very clear about that.”
So here are excerpts from the wonderful e-mails and reviews I’ve received. My thanks to everyone who has read and enjoyed the book.
“You dare challenge me, woman? You don’t understand who you’re dealing with.” He fought the desire to have this woman’s blood and sex this minute. Crikey! What am I thinking? I like my women young, sexy, and very blonde. Not…not anything like this woman.
Yet another fast sale in Cos Cob: 19 Licata Terrace, asking $1.695, has an accepted offer just 8 days after being listed. While on the subject, I received a very polite phone call from James Licata yesterday (he’s in Florida) taking issue with some of my rude comments about his recent legal difficulties. The story he told was far different from what’s available on Google and in fact, he claims it was he who was the victim of bad people rather than being one himself.
I bought this one at the thrift hoping for a little 60s groovy. The soundtrack probably serves the movie well, but the approaches are many, so don't expect any real cohesion. There are a number of tracks that do sport a nice 60s lounge vibe.
My name is Todd and I'm the other half to Jennifer. I was asked to share what our marriage has been, what it's looked like, the up's and down's, etc. I have to be honest and say this might be hard for me. I don't really like to share with people I don't know, but here goes!
7) Bonus question! What is the time period for the dance tune used in the
It would seem my friend Nick from Nick Exposed agrees. He pointed out, “I think it all boils down to these companies bringing the ease of photo development into the hands of the average person. It gave the average Joe the ability to make their images stand out in a way that they haven’t had access to before without the help of a photographer or similar creative.” That, in conjunction with the community aspect of the application – where you gain both affirmation and a sense of inclusion when you post images – makes Instagram a marketing win (times two)!
This is what happens when I use the tween's music list for running- I get her tunes stuck in my head, lol! I was inspired by Linda McCain's awesome Halloween card found {here} and decided I had to make a card of my own with this stamp!
4. On the drive home I also told my friend about the iPod’s unanticipated tendency to leap from my back pocket of its own accord. There is no other way to describe its gravity-defying trajectory from bottom of pocket to edge of pocket to floor. It had taken the plunge on three separate occasions over its lifetime and managed to come out relatively unscathed. I conceded that this might be an argument for purchasing a protective case for the mischievous little bugger, but I wasn’t running out to buy one any time soon.
Location: United Kingdom
Mano Negra Out of time men F
Feel like you’re not reaching your full potential? Well, maybe you’re doing some things to sabotage yourself and you don’t even realize it. Here are 5 simple things you might be doing wrong that could pay off. Big time.
The Artist’s Circle Exhibition and Celebration runs from July 29 – August 7, 2011. This 10 day/10 artist exhibition highlights the work of internationally acclaimed artists including Sonny Assu (02), Joan Balzar, former instructor B.C. Binning, Pierre Coupey, Attila Richard Lukacs (85), former instructor Jack Shadbolt, Sylvia Tait, and Lawrence Paul Yuxweluptun (83).
Don't forget to add seam allowances to the cut edges when you cut out your fabric. When you are ready to sew, just reassemble the cut pieces to make whole pattern pieces and assemble your garment as usual.
In fact, I can even do something beforehand to postpone or hopefully terminate those feelings before they arise.
Finally a word of self indulgent remembrance, which sees the end of twenty five year relationship. To my faithful, stained and chipped Liverpool FC 1987-88 League Champions mug which has helped me through numerous tedious times at work. Sadly it now lies in sorry pile on my desk smashed due to my carelessness at the tea point. Small priority I know given the overall scheme of things but I feel like I’ve lost a limb! The say that if the ravens that live in the grounds of the Tower of London ever leave the tower will crumble and the kingdom will fall ….if Liverpool get relegated next season there will be all sorts of post mortems but I’ll know the real reason why, it’s lying on my desk in half a dozen broken pieces!
The moveable jail cell was constructed for the Hays County Jail in Kyle and, today, it is a rarity of its kind. The cells were referred to as a “calaboose,” the Spanish word for jail, and were constructed using the cribbing method where the walls are arranged in sets of logs or timber in a log-style cabin formation to create a rising rectangle or square.
Give me the strength to do everything that I have to do
I`m so enjoying being part of the bee, We Bee Modern Too, where we make blocks from the book Modern Blocks compiled by Susanne Woods. This block is called Boxed In and was designed by Faith Jones. It`s for Heather who asked us to make it in solid red, black, white and grey or in fabrics which would read as solids. Heather will be making the blocks up in to a charity quilt for a pre-teen or adolescent boy. This block is super easy but very striking. I quite fancy making a quilt from this block myself - in solids. My new love.
4) Let us Refuse
Andronicus and Junia had probably been praying for Saul!
And snuggle up on the couch with the warm laund-raaay!
This is different if you’re making stuff to sell, though. I’ve seen Etsy shops that claim to have a 2 year shelf life, but the product is half water. Not likely, unless they’re using a boat-load of preservatives, which then calls into question the “all natural” claim (which is a null statement, anyway. There is no regulation of it. Not even any industry guidelines) that they tend to have.
Drain the pasta (don't drain too well) and put in the serving dish. Add the eggplants and onion and the smashed garlic. Toss well. Serve with some full bodied red. I like Cabernet Sauvignion :) An afternoon that got slightly better, hey..even if it is a winter outside :)
It might have been in an interview, but I recall hearing Manguso claim that she doesn’t necessarily assign genre to her projects as she works, thus opening her projects up to become more. Somehow, Manguso manages books that explore and describe how it is to live in the world, and how to be better at it, composing passages on love, friendship, illness, suicide, leaving, intimacy, marriage and death, and the moment of asking her late friend’s parents permission to even begin. As in all of her works thus far, this book is about and requires a strict attention. It would be impossible not
Thursday, April 9 - El Rey Theater - Los Angeles, CA
Randy spent the majority of his baseball career with the Cardinals organization. I was able to find a Cedar Rapids Cardinals minor league set from 1972, which I have based Randy's card off of.
You print the game board and they have a little printable dice to go with it. You will need a big pile of pennies- we used 50. The pennies go in the middle and when you roll the dice, you move around the game board collecting pennies. As you collect them, you stack them in a pile on top of each other. You keep going until you run out of pennies. Then the person with the highest stack wins.
_____If you think I have nothing better to do than to sit around all day logged in to FB, then you are definitely my stalker
First we should all study the reality that is revealed by science because it is universal;
Caché – “I just wanted you to be present”
The mother grabbed the girl's ponytail, and yanked hard. The girl cried out. The mother dragged her several feet by her ponytail, then slapped her, then picked her up and headed for the door. I stood there dumbfounded.
The same survey found that:
Rent prices rose 5.6 percent in April compared to a year ago during the same month, Trulia reported. Rent prices showed even greater increases in places experiencing rapid employment such as suburban Detroit (Warren-Troy-Farmington Hills, MI) and Silicon Valley (San Jose, CA).
We *should* get our teacher assignment postcards in the mail tomorrow. The teachers dropped them in the mail today, their first day back. For the past two years one girly has had her card come the next day, and one has not. In case all cards don't come, the school has announced they will also post the lists on the front windows at 2:30 tomorrow afternoon. Meet the teacher is Friday at 10:30.
Examples of Application Redirect URL Blogger.com
AKB48 to release ‘Kohaku singing battle’ on DVD IU becomes an endorsement model for cosmestics brand, The Saem JYJ’s documentary to be shown through Lotte Cinema Porno Graffitti announces new album, “PANORAMA PORNO” AKB48′s “GIVE ME FIVE!” sold over 966,000 copies in first day SCANDAL Nippon Budokan Tickets Sold-Out in 15 Minutes Michishige Sayumi aims to be Morning Musume.’s next leader!
CCCW: Anything that you’d like to say to your friends and fans?
The final of the foursome to join up is the cowardly Lion, seen in two illustrations here.
Ink: pink pirouette, pear pizzazz, crumb cake (SU), Copic markers
We had a last chance to say good bye to Connie and her children before we headed to bed, an early start awaited us the following day for our flight to Singapore. Our last country before flying back to Paris via London. Seven and a half months of travel was nearly at an end.
“They were littluns. They were scared.” Marley said and a knowing smile flickered across Pipers face. Marley felt as though he had inadvertently proved something for him.
Putting aside her weight issues, Cheryl revealed her love for shoes and said she owns an astounding 2,000 pairs of shoes: “I hoard them all over the house: in cupboards in the kitchen, in the bathroom – every room.
In conclusion, this latest legislative initiative hyped by Najib as “heralding a golden democratic age in Malaysia” in his speech during the installation of the Agong on April 11, is but another gimmick to woo the middle ground ahead of the polls without actually reforming BN’s repressive power.
The interrogators’ voice was low, and only those around him could really hear it.
Blacklist - The Blacklist
The jungle fell out from beneath him.
New books about growing and changing had been placed on the children's bookshelves. The titles focused on:
The Goddess Collection
There was no collar, so either it was a stray or lost. It was covered in so much mud I couldn’t tell what his – I checked – original colour should have been, and he had a small cut above one eye that looked infected. He took his inspection with great ease, simply sitting on my floor allowing me to softly run my hands over him and check for fleas and tics in his tangled fur. Despite his dishevelled appearance he appeared to be free from such mites and so I vowed to clean him up and let him spend the night on my kitchen floor; I’d take him to the animal shelter in the morning.
(some little details)
indicating a bare peak in the distance above the trees.
Trying to watch more Brando movies.
Read it and judge for yourself Cloward and Piven's intentions. Emphasis added.
Vickie Mendenhall
They did hope this attack would lead to mass starvation, anarchy and chaos.
As Cat has mentioned in the post immediately preceding this one, some time ago the authors of Flavor Text were tagged by Rades and Cynwise to participate in the Sixth Meme making its rounds along the WoW blogosphere. Cat’s done hers, and though her post is a tough act to follow, I will gladly make my own attempt. Because I am far too lazy to organize my screenshots into subfolders, I simply picked the sixth picture currently in my screenshot folder.
“It’s still my dream to become a social worker, so not having that financial option takes away my ability to take care of my family while going to school,” says Rodriguez.
The best option it seems is to go with a local dealer who has his own company in Japan or a contact that he works in partnership. This way you don’t end up paying a markup for the local dealer.
To everyone who competed in this blogger battle, I am truly grateful for the time and energy you put into creating such quality blog posts. I was proud to feature them on my blog and I hope they helped drive some traffic your way. For all of our fellow readers out there who were too timid to battle it out this round…there will be more! Until then, please take a moment to check out the competitors blogs and social media. They’re definitely a talented crew!
It was really tasty -- so many flavors -- but horrifyingly filling. (We ate a lot.) Toward the end of our snorfing, we realized this was a dense, nutrient-rich thing, and that, sadly, some of the cornmeal grains remained raw and gritty.
Cowboy Hats from Oriental Trading
Things went pretty well but I was still a little shaken up from watching someone stick all sorts of things into a hole in my sons arm then pulling and chopping. YUCK! We went out to lunch after. When they brought the bill I placed my credit card in the little payment folder and then left the restaurant...without completing the tip and total section or removing my credit card.
And yet he could quip that Bersih 3.0 was “Kotor 3.0″. He truly has a filthy mind, a mind and a mouth that spews artful bollocks.
Saturday, 5 August: Bratislava, Slovakia to Asvanyraro, Hungary: Because it was Saturday, our four-star breakfast in the Hotel Perugia wasn’t served until 0800 so we got a later start than usual. About 18 kilometers into our ride it started raining and it continued into the afternoon.
The historic English cathedral city of Canterbury is today a UNESCO world heritage site.
Unfortunately you will not be able to connect using GoogleFriendsConnect, as it's not compatible with WordPress (and according to the ever helpful Retrochick, it will not be compatible with anything other tha Google owned sites soon). But you can still follow in a number of ways:
(please let me know in your email what number you are on the Inlinkz so I can match you up with your blog, as this makes it so much easier for me)
Among others, documentaries such as:
But it would seem
December 2nd I met with my friend Peter who was also my life coach at that time. We met in Starbucks for a session and he told me to take control and teach others how to treat me, to not allow any negatives or put downs! He told me I didn’t stand up for myself and to just “do it!” (geez isn’t that a Nike commercial?) and that I’d find it very empowering. He made me aware that I was allowing some to talk to me that way and that I had to stop it. I was having a few in my inner circle who seemed overly critical and judgemental and who also voiced what they thought I should be doing more often than not.
6. What's your favorite sport to watch? To play?
Bolivar is known as “El Libertador,” The Liberator. The Spanish crown had ruled its American colonies through vice regencies, with the former Aztec Empire, the former Incan Empire, and Buenos Aires being the three largest. One-fifth of all of the gold, precious stones and other wealth extracted from the Americas were the property of the King. The viceroys, who represented the King and were appointed for five year terms, and other key holders of power had to be not only pure Europeans but they had to have been born in Europe. Europeans born in Latin America were referred to as criollos or Creoles. Although they might accumulate great material wealth, they could not hold political office. This sense of political disenfranchisement, as well as Spain’s insistence on being Latin America’s only European trade partner, led to a growing sense of alienation and to the calls to follow the example of the colonies of North America by gaining independence from Spain.
It’s my niece’s birthday today. We haven’t been talking for three years now. Today I decided to make the move.
psychology. Mead asked the question: “How do human being’s express cooperative
to go outside
“We have repeatedly asked some reporters to retract some stories or even give us the right of reply but none of these requests were given to us.”
Total Running Time: 345 minutes
Fate can't be this cruel; to bring us so close together only to tear us apart. No, Neil cannot be drunk. I needed to tell him something, didn't I? I tried to revive him.
This one is running our TV and entertainment stuff:
Friday, 27 April 2012 00:00Written by VICTOR REYES
They have peanut butter in them, and extra-crunchy Jif is
to my weight. It was hard at first but it's been getting easier by
1. Gelatin – Most of us have heard of gelatin, and maybe a few of us actually know what it is. Gelatin is derived from collagen, which is made from a protein collected from animal skin. The gelatin in desserts, for instance, comes mainly from pig skin. Foods it’s found in: Jello, frosted cereals, yogurt, candy, and some types of sour cream.
To get you to the right place, I need to know where you're calling from. Are you calling from the same number as your high speed internet line?
2 tablespoons ancho powder
1 c milk (I use oat milk)
They also examined linguistic diversity in five high biodiversity wilderness areas, whose remaining habitat covers about 6.1 percent of the Earth’s surface and contains about 17 percent of the vascular plant species and 6 percent of the terrestrial vertebrate species.
How can they be satisfied with so little? How can I expect so much?
Happiness (It is key to a healthy life, and vice versa)
- “The best part of the book was the characters, who were well developed.”—Abigail, age 14
Mick was kind and thoughtful and patient and funny. Not like an actor at all. I really liked him. I would go so far as to say that he was my favourite person on the whole gig. But because I enjoy speaking ill of the dead I am searching desperately in my memory for any evidence of his being less than a perfect gent. This is the best I can do: in the days before Youtube, when such a thing was something of a rarity, I lent him a video tape of Richard Burton being interviewed on Parkinson. He never gave it back. I would occasionally bump into him post-Glenroe and he'd always say 'Oh, I still have that video of yours, I must get it back to you..'
(Bytheway, it is not prudent (there’s actually a law) to make a lotta noise 2-5pm due to siesta time. That’s why I wanted to get the sanding done without taking breaks + it was a cool sunless day.)
The Detail reported that the jury could not agree on whether the SAS had attempted to arrest the IRA men.
The Boers of Voortrekker descent belonged to the Dopper sect as they had been ex-communicated by & expelled from the Dutch Reformed Church over the Great Trek.
One hour later, his operative delivered the luggage to the front desk. He said he was delivering for South African Airlines, there had been a mix up, “please give them our apologies.” The front desk called up. The Op was gone. The desk had the luggage sent upstairs and Jorrie’s wife didn’t know a damned thing about what had just transpired.
Ø Driving License issued by RTO.
ZACH: Thank you.
If you haven’t heard of The Johns Hopkins Hospital, then chances are you don’t work in healthcare. U.S. News & World Report has named the renowned medical institution one of the country’s best hospitals 20 years running. The prestige intrigued Nancy Coney, RN, BSN, an emergency room nurse with experience in surgical recovery care.
Rel began, slowly, to disentangle his legs from his blanket. "With due respect, I wasn't asking whether we're allowed to. Can we? The three of us?"
Here’s our Wednesday Night Prayer Meeting music. This is the Gaither Vocal Band, featuring David Phelps, singing “Worthy Is Your Name.”
Another great day (reunion)!
The great irony of all this is that the very elites that “invented” multicultural herd management for the rest of us are, in fact, tribal groups. What else can bloodlines that don’t breed or mix outside their small clique be called? So the elite tribe said let them eat multiculturalism, and we did, and it became the ghettoes, shanty towns, job competition, racial tensions and downright strife they were hoping for.
He will leave for basic training in August, 10 days shy of his 19th birthday.
1. Ian Palfrey (B) 38; 2t. Martin Hensen (B) 42; 2t. Matt Bettino (B) 42; 4. Michael Croly (M) 43; 5t. Peter Donohue (B) 45; 5t. Connor Daly (B) 45; 7. Joby Bernstein (M) 46; 8t. Adam Silverman (M) 48; 8t. Max Boyd (B) 48; 10t. Maggie Sullivan (M) 49; Tyler Karow (M) 49.
Unthinkably good things can happen, even late in the game; it's such a surprise.
Jill: *Eyes widen* …
- Open to a random page.
Please do not link up giveaways or shops and please keep things family friendly! :)
Herbert W. Homer, 48, Milford, Mass.
Combine frozen blueberries, sugar and lime juice in a bowl. If using fresh blueberries, add 1/4 cup water, frozen blueberries have lots of water in them.Microwave on high for 5-8 minutes or cook until compote coats spoon, stirring often.Mix the biscuit crumbs and butter. Run it through your blender.Press a few tablespoons of the mixture into 3 large dessert glasses or 6 small ones. You do not need too much of the biscuit mixture in a single glass. You may use a slice of sponge cake instead!Pour some of the passionfruit mixture on top of the biscuit layer. Cover with plastic wrap and freeze until set, up to 2 hours.When the mousse has set, pipe cream and add some of the blueberry compote. Put it back in the freezer for 1/2 an hour. When set, pour another layer of passionfruit mixture. This goes back into the freezer until you are ready to serve. Garnish with cream and blueberry compote, just before serving.Frozen dessert on a hot summer’s day!
30. Answers my questions honestly and straight up
Make it enjoyable; go for a walk or play at the park with your kids.
While I went during Restaurant Week II, my lovely dining companion and I failed to order off the restaurant week menu. I just really wanted an entrée for two, and that wasn't part of restaurant week.
Welp, that’s all for today. See you next week ^_^.
Gondor Warriors. Human Infantry – S 15cm – F d6 – D d6 – A 2 – M d6 – W 5 – P 5
Once you’ve published your room, just click your username (mine is obviously AnNicole).
13-There's A Doctor
Everyday you receive phone calls from wholesalers wanting to meet to share the latest hot new thing. Your email box continually highlights new products etc. You can spend a lot of time meeting wholesalers, talking with them, reading about their latest offerings or participating in a fund sponsored webinar.
is so much more real than anything
Then pull out your pringle can full of cat poo,
Play appropriate game-show “thinking” music here as you ponder your answer.
and if I could, I'd come and visit every one of you so you
Roy Scheider – Chief Martin Brody
So he will have gotten his Master's Degree in one year instead of two.
Before long, Monica had laid out dozens of colourful nonya spoons. Flo had stacked up several beautiful platters. And Rocky – not one I’d have placed as a crockery aficianado - was proudly showing off his find: a one-of-a-kind fish-shaped platter with a cover and a stand you could fill with hot water to keep your fish hot.
My princess remembers mom, dad, big and little brother, all living together in our little house in town. She was 4 when we separated. I am sure she understands now, that mom and dad will not be getting back together. But she is always hopeful that the next friend I make, is a boyfriend. I think I have created a romantic. She is also my only daughter, forever woven into my patchwork heart.
This year I am not making any New Year’s Resolutions. Why would I do something that will soon take the joy out of my life, make me feel like a failure and increase my frustration? I think we should demolish the idea of New Year’s Resolutions and instead start transforming ourselves in whatever way we desire—today–and by selecting changes one at a time.
I hope that you can come to see how much more life a shadow gives, have a wonderful creative journey, and good luck with the contest!
— A good preventative measure when you’re defending, is shooting tank fuels. If the enemy shoots them during the attack, and any defenders are hanging around, they will get blown off too. Be reasonnable though. You probably wouldn’t want shooting those who will leave your camp too exposed.
Did you already read it? What do you think ?
Did you miss me? I definitely missed you. Something would happen and I would think "damn this would be a good blog topic" and then forget it ten minutes later. I don't regret taking the time off. My poor little brain was so pooped from everything all going on at the same time. I was still surfing the internet but I spent my time playing Words With Friends and posting on Pinterest. That was about all I could muster.
My mom and I were chatting Sunday night about ya know the usual, pretty clothes, upcoming trips, yaddy yadda, then we hit a topic of insecurities.
(2) The Council of Ministers
There was much crying, gnashing of the teeth and garment tearing. Then I did what had to be done and prepared to pick the cage up and move it outside, so Shaby would stop trying to feed it. That was the extent of my plans because The Coach is in charge of dead things. (I am in charge of throw up.)
Gerson went to Wheaton College, the evangelical college in Illinois.
“That is the kind of stuff you want to have, to develop the whole person, not just the player,” Holocher said. “It’s very similar to the Cal Poly and Mustang way. We’re here to teach much more than X’s and O’s, we’re here to be good people for each other.”
In another film, Skin Deep, a white student, with all his personal details - name, place of origin, all noted on the screen - turns to the screen and confesses the “racism” of his southern family and says: “It’s a tough choice, choosing what’s right and choosing your family.” Yet another “race awareness facilitator” is Edward J. Nichols who achieved fame in the early 90s with a “racial sensitivity” session in which, according to witnesses:
A Chinese Headstone
I left my camera in the car, so I don't have any pictures.
Revenant tactics: The bolts have less splash but suffer from the Wraith’s issue that they are quite slow. It’s hard to fire at small targets but the gun is a one hit kill. If opponents come within boarding distance boost away and re-engage. If you must engage warthogs, try and hit the side to send the pig flipping. Ghosts are usually too nimble to get hit by the gun unless you have a good passenger. Ramming is a little difficult in a Revenant, but good strafing and bombardment are excellent ways to pin enemies down for others to either kill or flush out.
I was off to 80s Night at the Hully Gully with the lovely Sara and her friend Maria. I had never been, but it was lots of fun. Basically, there are two rooms with bars and a dance floor inside and a DJ blasts 80s music at everyone and they 80s dance all night. I generally don’t dance so 80s dancing, which from what I observed mainly consists of shuffling from foot to foot, was an easy way to get into it. I was apparently good enough at shuffling because I garnered the attention of a relatively cute guy who had apparently been told that 80s dancing consisted of two-handed grabbing ladies butts and then rubbing your junk on them.
KH x
When your heart is more open you will be more aware of what is really going on around you and so be able to make wiser decisions about how best to react in any situation that you find yourself in.
People should KNOW that Barack Obama demands that the United States of America should be nearly blind.
Dan got things packed up to head to the hospital in between timing and helping me with contractions. By 3am or so we were packed for the hospital and we both camped out in the living room – Dan helping me breathe through the contractions and then both of us resting between them. By 5am or so contractions seemed to be coming more and more frequently, so we decided to call our parents to let them know the news. Then we called our friend Sheryl, who headed over to our place to be with Lynn while Dan went and picked up their family’s van to head to the hospital.
5. Instead of calling a repairman, use YouTube.
-15 cm Necklace Length
When we got to the park we drove to the lodge and walked along the lake for a while. That’s where I took the picture above. When I took that picture I was thinking how lucky I was to be out with such a beautiful woman.
Muni renewed a contract with Warner bros, an unprecedented agreement for an actor during that period...he would make 2 films a year, shot in the May to October periods leaving him free for stage work in the fall and winter. Limited press interviews and approval of story outlines was also part of the deal, all in all he would get $100,000 a picture, twice a year, for 7 years.
Park Pals Challenge - Using pieces from the Park Pals collection (just the DD is ok!), create a layout. At the end of the month I will pick a random winner for $10 gift certificate to my shop.
Six Flags Over Texas, I will see you again at the same time next summer with as many friends as I can drag along.
I wasn’t expecting too much today, so I didn’t think I could be embarrassed watching this team play, but I guess I underestimated them.
So we’re set up for another fantastic season of shows. Besides these, I am also working through last season’s The Idolm@ster which has been pretty good so far. I don’t think I can gel with the hype that some people have for it, especially since I am still trying to wrap my head around all the damn characters, but for what it’s worth, it’s worth a good ride. I have some general housekeeping things I want to go through at some point soon, mostly reorganizing categories and tags. I am working on building a real website soon, and I am not sure if I will be folding my blog into yet or not, but look out for some fun shit to happen there sometime.
* Spirituality and Cultural Identity
This is a street scene, at night. As a darkroom print for exhibition, I mount and mat it, and I sign it on the border just below the image. Personally, I liked to use the heaviest Kimberley cardstock I could find (220 gr) in navy blue as the mat. Almost all the buyers liked it this way too. When I hung the work in the bigger gallery, framed, I switched to white Crescent board. (Mat boards of any color are extremely hard to find here. The best ones are Fabriano, in white only, at around US$50/sheet, and a sheet will give me maybe six mat boards. I did the math and decided to wait til I’m very very rich and famous before I buy the Fabriano.)
I'm not going to lie, I am very excited about two weeks in a warmer climate with no kids. In my mind I might as well be laying on a beach somewhere soaking up the sun sipping a fruity drink. Strangely, I am no longer feeling guilty about my SA trip. I think God is making my children super annoying these last days before I leave to relieve me of my guilt.
But in the meantime, it's Monday again and that means it's time for a new sketch! This week we're back to playing just for fun with a sketch from Debbie Carriere to kickstart your mojo! As always, feel free to substitute if you don't have a specific shape!
This one that I am showcasing is for my mom, but of course I made one for myself too! I just haven't found photos for it yet. I hope you enjoy!
Style: Neofolk
By that time she was living in Manhattan and I didn’t have to scan my memory of the city long before I reached its west river. And while only five years has past, it feels like eons and I wasn’t really certain how I wanted to go about naming our new BFF (Baby Fuzzybutt Four).
“You don’t understand … I ain’t scared of you mutha fuckers!”
KUALA LUMPUR: The executive chairman of the National Feedlot Corporation Sdn Bhd has claimed trial at the Sessions Court here to two counts of committing breach of trust and two counts of violating the Companies Act 1965 involving RM49.7mil.
Clean and Simple!
The image is Bubble Bath from Sassy Studio Designs. I paper pieced the tub to match the background paper and then colored the rest of the image in with colored pencils. I added some glossy accents to the bubbles and watch splash.
Scarlet Thread is offering "Twisted Threads," a 4.5" x 4.5" design using Caron Collection Watercolours, ThreadworX Overdyed Cotton Floss, DMC #8 Perle Coton, and Kreinik #8 Braid. In addition to the original, Carol offers three other gorgeous colorways stitched by students in her class, Anne, Karen, and Lis, shown below. Get creative and make up your own in using your favorite overdyed Watercolours and ThreadworX!
Then the monster paused again.
Father: Huntington, who has now left the Secret Service, is said to be married with two children
KP: I think in all of the 3 EPs, there is a lot of the precipice of reality vs. fantasy, of borders, of transition, and shifting in perspective. But the second one is called Oh!, and that one’s just really fun. I almost wanted to call it cake, because it’s just sugary, and there’s a reggae song on it, and a really fun pop song, and it’s just totally danceable for the head-bopping kind of crowd. And the third one’s called It Matters To Me, and I think that’s really accurate. That’s kind of the most stripped down of them all, with piano and strings and stuff like that.
..a hat tip to Andrew Philips for posting this:
1. Upright go for a tonic pass, and try to excrete it a try of your daily number. Let it be a punctuate free walk- don't you advert the poem that you herb in troupe at the special train surface, 'Work patch you use, attempt time you gambol that is the way to be elated and gay.' The nowadays jazz now arrived to retell the language, all those goody goody poems and book that you crammed to assess in your faculty paper, into actuality.
So now Jared wants to get adjusted and Im trying to keep track of what massage room my mother and aunt is going into!!
‘‘(1) CERTIFIED ENTITY.—The term ‘certified entity’ means a protected entity, self-protected entity, or cybersecurity provider that—
Here is one last fact: I got up this morning, and put the marathon back on to watch what I missed last night.
Description: NAB Labs will present the participants in the 2012 International Research Park. Several participants will make brief presentations describing their demonstrations on hand, including the world’s largest (200”) glasses-free 3D display. Members of the press will then be invited to visit all the IRP exhibits for special press tours.
Individuals tend to create a tremendous amount out of the style and design of their coops. There are actually barrels of unique chicken coop versions from which to choose. The appearance of a person’s hen house will depend on your requirements (the actual chickens will not likely care what it looks like). And so, if you’re planning on having a small flock then it will be beneficial for you to build a smaller house. On the flip side, if you are considering getting a substantial chicken flock then you are gonna wish to obtain a coop manufactured for a big flock.
Last week marked the usual emotional roller coaster that is Israel every year at this time. Yom HaShoah, remembering the heroes and martyrs of the Holocaust, followed by Yom HaZikaron, honoring our fallen heroes (and martyrs to Arab terrorism), followed by Yom Ha'Atzma'ut, the miracle that was and still is the birth of the State of Israel, after and within all of the chaos. Someone said to me yesterday that the most moving videos on Israeli television happen on Yom HaZikaron, due to the incredible power of the events and people we remember. What follows is a very sensitive struggle with the emotional train wreck of memory and current events by a dear friend of mine. There are only questions...
Former Prime Minister of India
Sustainability in the Marketplace: Bamboo’s Answer
Desperate to somehow return to 2009 to save Holly but unable to return to his rightful year, Jackson settles into 2007 and learns what he can about his abilities.
Boutwell took Morton into the living room, his wife’s body still down the hall. For the next four hours, Morton answered every question the sheriff could think of and never once asked for a lawyer.
This is actually a little anthology of stories, narrated by none other than Boris Karloff, the horror legend himself. That is cool as hell. There are three tales here, and I will review each one of them in a relatively compact fashion…
“Nasi lemak, definitely. God, I’m craving right now.”
Tonight, I went to the usual Monday-night drinks thing, except 26 y.o. didn't feel like getting a table, so he said he'd just be at the bar. There were only 4 of us. I ate dinner at the bar but didn't drink; my body wasn't in the mood. I'm starting to realize what heavy drinkers that crowd is. Writer is live-blogging whiskeys she's drinking straight. She and 26 y.o. were at the gathering on Friday night until after 4am, and 26 y.o. said he showed up for work the next morning drunk. I also asked if he drinks every night to sleep, and he said every night he wants to sleep. One of Downstairs Neighbors' friends told me yesterday that that's a sign of a problem drinker. Downstairs Neighbor says she thinks he's a risk for me. She said if a man around my age who I was dating did something stupid publicly, people would just think he was a jerk, but a guy who's so young and part of the bar culture could embarrass me and it would reflect on me for dating someone so much younger. I see her point. I'm over him anyway. I think it may have been mostly the tightly wound make-out clock pointing me in his direction, actually. Thank goodness it's been reset.
has ceased, without giving his situation a second thought, without stopping to consider the peril to which he is exposing himself, or even shedding the burden of his armour, commends himself to God and to his lady and hurls himself into the boiling lake and, all of a sudden when he least knows where he is bound, finds himself amidst flowery meadows, far finer than the Elysian fields themselves?” (Miguel De Cervantes Saavedra, Don
Indeed. And is there a special one?
What is the trick of describing someone? "I use a lot of film images, analogies," he said. "And imagination."
You were obviously deluded, yet I believed every word you said,
"The Problem of The Hidden Million"
Aloft there flapping and flapping.
Today, I come in, the bookcases are now missing. But the kicker? The whiteboard in my office.
Musa added that the board then formed a working group in October 2009 to look into the matter. The work group, which is still looking into the issues, consists of Datuk Seri Panglima Andrew Sheng, as chairman, Tan Sri Wan Zahid Noordin and Datin Zaitoon Othman.
I'll be 27 next July, so it seems like the time to take a long, hard look at this one.
I’d like to say I always wanted to be a writer, but that’s not the case. First I wanted to be a teacher. When I was a kid I used to play school in my friend’s basement. She had actual school desks—and index cards. I’m a list maker, so those index cards rocked my world. Then later on, I wanted to be a nurse. My other friend had a stethoscope and a medical book. I had a thing for props, okay?
Rules: a) Must be a follower; b) Share a comment on any (or all) of the three questions above.
"Don't worry about it. It's not candy."
I guess I need to go ..I have a DR appt this afternoon. Going to be addressing some areas of concerns that I am just not sure how we will handle. So pray that it goes smooth and when I leave I feel a sense of calm about what needs to be done..or not done. Calm is a good thing, huh?
And their look is dread to see,
RED LINE: If you want to know how the orgasm of a car might feel like, then whatch this film! When I saw it I had my jaw dropped on the floor over whole sections! And the end is just perfect in a wrong way… But I won’t say more!
The question was... this blog is called ‘I was a Teenage Shoegazer’, but this is a phrase that I did not coin. Who in 1994/95 in an interview with the NME said, ‘I was a teenage shoegazer and used to listen to Ride all the time.’
COWAN AE, WINSTON CA, DAVIS MM, WORTLEY PM, CLARK SJ. Influenza vaccination status and influenza-related perspectives and practices among US physicians. Am J Infect Control 2006; 34: 164-169.
I was feeling settled in my new world and then WHAM! I discovered I was pregnant again. Can I be vulnerable with you? I actually cried when I found out. And they were not tears of joy. I feel awful saying that out loud, and I hope you will give me a moment to explain. It was not that I didn’t want another baby or feel like I couldn’t love a new life, it was just that I got scared. Discovering a little person was on the way sent a panic through me. Would my son still receive the love and attention that he deserved? How was my husband going to feel about my body changing again? Would I ever be able to pursue the vision I felt God had for me in writing and publishing? I was truly wondering if I was going to be able to handle another intense wave of identity crisis like the one I had just been through. I wasn’t sure.
Gay Pride Extravaganza! How could I have forgotten? I dashed off a text message to the ladies -- "gonna be late, going to party with the gays." Usually I'm crabby at manifestations because they're in my way, but this one was a big, fun, brightly colored party with lots of cheerful men in fishnets. And bras. And occasional tutus.
16 hours, 42 minutes, 46 seconds.
Heartfelt Mix, Postmarked and Love Notes Die were the products that I used to make 10 of these Valentine's cards for a friend who is collecting cards for a Valentine Card Campaign for the military.
I've reached the point when I'm about to toss the TV set out of the window. Too bad it isn't my TV set. Michael Jackson is dying in front of us 24/7. I'm sorry he is dead. But I can't stand it anymore. It is a circus out there. Morbid curiosity is nothing new, but I am afraid to turn on the TV because all they are showing is revolting. All I see is reality shows featuring the most uncouth, selfish and narcissistic individuals on earth, followed by more reports on the death of MJ... I only feel safe watching Turner Classics and PBS. I might just as well stop watching TV and start to catch up on my netflix queue. To all TV programmers out there: If you give people JUNK all of the time they are going to get used to it and lower their own standards. Of course you know all about it, you want it to go thet way.
He said that there were also difficulties in air travel from one African country to South Africa.
James Garner and Jon Winokur
And then folks come to church where a few people – the leaders – with one particular person – the minister (as if there’s only one) – act as “experts” and set forth a vision and an agenda and then invite people to join them in enacting it. There’s a whole committee devoted to helping people find the “slot” on the slate that fits them best. And if you have an idea for something new and exciting there may well be several levels of committees and councils and many, many meetings that you have to go through before you’re told that there isn’t enough money, or there isn’t enough volunteer energy, or that we’ve tried something like that before and it didn’t work.
“But though, we, or an angel from heaven, preach any other gospel unto you than that which we have preached unto you, let him be accursed.”
Only Clare would rather not be a celebrity. She prefers hanging back, observing. Her gift is not a game to her.
My motto is "work smarter not harder". I threw that out the window with stain fumes on this project, apparently. :)
So my latest edible fairy dust were these delightful pecan, orange and cocoa cookies that I made not too long ago during one of my "free-style" spontaneous baking session and I am proud to say they taste- and smell (the orange zest, aaah!)- spectacularly nice. Wouldn't it be so selfish of me not to sure the recipe with you?
We chose to sit on the upper level semi-traditional seating area; shoes had to be removed.
“Whitman took our grief over the death of Lincoln and expressed it for the common man, and for the uncommon man. He took grief and transformed it into beauty. That is the purpose of art: the mediation on the transient leading to an acknowledgement that temporality is the first requirement of the truly beautiful. Stanford footbaw is no longer with us, and we now know why: because it was more beautiful dead than alive. We should celebrate that,” Orgeron said.
The first person to tell me it had saved their life was Dr. Judd of Phoenix Arizona. As a chemistry professor he was so excited after seeing a colloidal silver machine operate that he had to have one. He called five days after we shared an hour together and exclaimed how he had been healed of an affliction: an antibiotic resistant, post-operative cardio-pulmonary infection had continued to plague him after completing two rounds of pharmaceutical antibiotics. He faced using the strongest patented antibiotic at 78 years of age. He used colloidal silver without hesitation. Days later he claimed it had saved his life! He has now passed on- so it seems fair to share this. He was tenured by Phoenix Community College and wouldn’t offer a testimonial- but he did help spur me on so that you could get a proper dose of colloidal silver benefits.
Construction estimates for Centre 454’s new digs total $556,300, including a $40,000 gazebo and granite countertops.
The Japanese discovered how to electrically separate water into two parts: acid and alkaline. This alters the hydrogen and oxygen bonds and creates smaller particles or micro-water. Most people buy micro-cluster water rather than a machine to make it. Tests show colloidal silver water alkalizes the blood in almost the same way as coral calcium. Colloidal silver alkalizes to assist against parasites & yeast infections too. Just Ask a Nurse. She’ll likely tell you to make and take low PPM batches throughout the day for yet even more alkalizing colloidal silver benefits. Sometimes the right water puts a new spin on life.
Today many of My children find it impossible to believe in Me, God their Creator and Father.
And the vantage point from this game provided the vantage point for the NEXT game….a big circle of flashing lights playing music. Oh yes, this is a toddler’s cup of tee! Flashing lights AND music….yes please!! Ryan spent a long time ogling this one. And he was probably shaking his groove thang too. He’s becoming quite the dancer these days. Don’t believe me? Stay tuned.
go in the end I’m still debating as if I’m going to finish this or just move on to another game or just play the routes I want make a review and then move to another game but for now… Ill just get some nuki-ges… since yeah…
Staying in the comfort zone will kill your busines.
One of our friends is coming over today. Of all the people we made friends with when we lived in Union City, had no kids, and partied a lot, he's the one who sticks with us the most. He comes to visit us just about every other week (versus other ones who continuously flake out on us) and he loves Robbie. So that's pretty exciting, except that I desperately need to finish cleaning up downstairs, mopping the bathroom, and getting laundry going. All that's not getting done by me sitting in my Mommy 'Cliner and blogging.
As an appetizer you can have spring rolls, dim sum or a soup. We had a salad and spring rolls as a blend between the eastern dish and our western culture:-)
1 Tin kidney beans in water (drained)
EXPRESS: I am going to push myself this year to embrace my uniqueness, in whatever way that may be – experimenting in the kitchen without the help of a recipe, coming up with new ways to sing old songs, or combining the clothes in my closet in a different way – to figure out more and more what I like and who I am, and to live my life in a way that honors that.
Plus she looked like Wayne's childhood cat Veikko.
11 For I know the plans I have for you,” says the Lord. “They are plans for good and not for disaster, to give you a future and a hope. 12 In those days when you pray, I will listen. Jeremiah 29:11-12.
— Avoid misleading re-enactments or staged news events. If re-enactment is necessary to tell a story, label it.
Robert Alvarez, a nuclear waste expert and former senior adviser to the Secretary of Energy during the Clinton administration, has crunched the numbers pertaining to the spent fuel pool threat based on information he obtained from sources such as Tepco, the U.S. Department of Energy, Japanese academic presentations and the Institute of Nuclear Power Operations (INPO), the U.S. organization created by the nuclear power industry in the wake of the 1979 Three Mile Island accident.
After that, use your second paragraph to focus on the main conflict of your plot. It sounds like fencing with the navy, and her brother, is the meat of the story, so expand on that, and be specific about exactly what happens.
If you choose to call today the first of April and then go about your business as if it were the first of April, you will meet very little trouble doing that, apart from a few problems with others trying to correct you and pointing out that it is in fact the second day of April. The simple point here is, until we create the impression that time has a label, there is really no difference between the past, the present and the future.
My favorite museum is in my hometown and walking distance from where I live. I could spend days at the Metropolitan Museum of Art traveling through the ages in one of its many wings.
Beelzebub 153 — (26:24 — 31:14)
around twenty seconds in
- Miss V-
We asked one of the experienced tea tasters how long it took to become proficient at tasting. He said, "Well, I've been tasting tea every day now, 7 days a week, for 10 years, and I think I am just now getting good at it!"
Urban 2C = 6%; inbreeding coefficient = 0.0009
which started the whole world living,
* Ecology
Each of the three female crew members have their own personalities: the doctor is always cheerful; the communications specialist is very analytical and weary of authority and; the scanning expert does not feel like she fits in.
"Mussolini set the example in his revival of pagan rites, and in October 1928 instituted a ceremony in which patriotic citizens presented their national savings certificates as a burnt offering on an ancient altar of Minerva specially brought out of its museum for the purpose"
The review is my own words and thoughts on the product.
Nordstrom cardi
(2) Hunts tomato sauce = .66
I have been visiting New York since 1976, before I met my husband and his large and entertaining family. I always rode the Staten Island ferry from the bottom of Manhatten Island, past the Statue of Liberty. I have written poems about my visits to New York which have been published in magazines and my own collections. One of the poems ( see below) was commended by Fleur Adcock in a poetry competition.
This year we have had a whole bunch of different guests.
The polls seem to be getting nearer for sure. As Najib continues his nationwide whirlwind visits, the urgency and the momentum are picking up.
A mouse darted across the bedroom floor from under the bed and Celeste yanked her feet up. She wondered if the squeaks were from the mattress itself or if the mouse had slept in the mattress at night along with her. Her gag reflex kicked in as she pushed away thoughts of sleeping with mice.
Riddle Question: What do you see twice in a week, once in a year, but never in a day?
It's Valentine's Day :) This is not my usual post but I just wanted to share some fun things today.
And if I didn’t have a blog, I wouldn’t have to deal with those moments of trying to figure out how to end a post that is going nowhere fast, because no one ever wants to go nowhere slowly. However, I do have a blog and I’m dealing with one of those moments now. So since there is no big finish, no hyperbole, no transcendental revelation, no inspirational nugget to carry you through the day or night or the next five minutes, I’ll just say thanks for reading and good night.
The tag price was $100 (which is a great deal anyways). But if I’ve said it once I’ve said it a hundred thousand times. Always ask if they will go down on the price. What’s the worst that could happen?
Most people avoid updating since it can be annoying at times. But if we are handling sensitive information in our systems, then updating and patching up the important software should be of high priority.
First I just want to say, the paintings were incredible.
He was okay with all the consequences, which of course, to me, meant that none of them were good enough. Then I told him he was going to have to write an apology letter to the Principal and deliver it to him personally. Well, that was it…the angry flood of tears, shouting, and horror began. Yes…at last…I had found something that was going to work.
My head has been glued to a desk for the past few years. When it comes to design, I'm dangerous.
The collapse of the housing market in 2006 has erased some $7 trillion of equity from the value of American homes and left roughly 11 million homeowners owing their lender more than their home is worth.
A sheet of unmounted stamps from Tickled Pink called Vintage Christmas sentiments..I used my pack of these on almost all last years Christmas cards.
3/4 c sour cream
Me: A: Well, being a Jehovah’s Witness, I never celebrated Christmas, so not getting presents was actually a good thing for me, because I believed that I wasn’t going to hell for celebrating a ripped-off Pagan holiday that is centred around American consumerism and greed.
We need the proper send-off for Sunny's beachy post,
"OK, then where did you come from?"
And last but not least, that baking disaster drawer got a little help as well!
Small piece of white cardstock (long & narrow)
The interesting thing is that she wouldn’t pick the crib shoes, or even fancy Dora slippers, and she loves her some Dora; no she would pick the gold-toned gap flats, or the pink sequined Stuart Weitzman boots. Ah! Yes, my little 2 year old loves Shoes, and I think she’s got great taste for her age. Just the other day, I saw her trying on my new Calvin Klein flats.
Perhaps most clearly and explicitly, the Platonic mindset is revealed by the widespread view that theories of autism must be evaluated according to their universality and specificity; the theory should apply to everyone with an autism diagnosis but nobody without autism and failure on either of these criteria is grounds for rejecting a theory.
I began by stamping the flower image using Daffodil Delight ink and then using my stamp-a-ma-jig I lined up the image so that my next stamped black image would be just off to the left side a tiny bit- to sort of give it that shadow effect. I did this four times and then I punched out my images using my square punch.
Back on April 11th, in the third period of game one of the first round playoff game between the Detroit Red Wings and the Nashville Predators, with Nashville up 3-2 and 5 seconds left in the game and a face off deep in Predator’s territory, Predator defenseman Shea Weber checked Red Wing center Henrik Zetterberg hard into the boards behind the Predator’s net, punched him in the back of the head and then, putting his hand on Zetterberg’s upper neck, slammed Zetterberg’s head into the glass.
“You are my freedom. Do you not see? You, who have taught me healing and storytelling and magick. . .so many things. You are right—I did not know what I longed for until I met you, and then I understood.” I lifted my hand, daring to touch his cheek, and he allowed it. “This must be love, for it to seep so deeply into me, into my very soul.”
Welcome one, acceptable all, to Guides alms for Pokémon Architecture & Fair on the Nintendo DS. An batty bulk of plan and time went into this guide, Readmore »»
This time, it wasn't my fault, and I was
The Mr. and I married on New Year’s Eve five years ago… And as we’ve learned over the years, it wasn’t a coincidence that we chose this holiday either. Since we met, our lives began to merge with one shared dream or goal after another. We were excited – for everything. Every New Year we made small and big plans – both together and apart…
That I love you means not I will bend the rules for you
The thing that concerned this writer more was the dropping of "the Men". Gentleman Jesse (Smith) has established himself as a someone who can put together a catchy hook and clever wordsmith but fear struck that maybe he decided to go all singer/songwriter and had decided some kinda James Taylor thing would suit him best.
here I go...so on one 12" side...
- Hidden anger and hatred which will blast several times.
I would recommend this beer to anyone because of its smoothness. Another entry from GLB which I wish they brewed all year round.
“Where do we go from here?” the younger one spoke up.
On Tuesday, July 26, she returned home. While everyone agreed that spontaneous remission can happen and that nobody really could predict for sure what might lie ahead, it was clear that the doctors’ expectations were that she would not recover and that she had no more than a few weeks left. We made a round trip visit to Vanderbilt on Thursday to see a new pulmonologist. Becky liked her, but this doctor had little new to offer.
Instructions and maps are involved, in English, pinyin (transliteration), and Mandarin characters, because Beijing is so hard to navigate. So for Ethan’s party in a park (sadly, rained out today) we distribute this:
Can you put the bat down? No?
MaMTC: No, he has his lame jokes and big mouth. Enough to empty theatre seats and the planet.
I'm actually 100% in favor of you getting some face time with David Koch (real or otherwise), and if it's in sunny California, all the better. In my eyes you deserve this reward! I'm actually thankful for your efforts of late.
Mark Meadows (REP) 19.20% 285
He felt like someone had thrown a bucket of water on his head. He could feel the terror in his stomach, like a ball of ice that just would not melt.
On my first attempt, I tried watching adaptations of Julia Child’s recipe on Youtube. I so shouldn’t have — first of all, the equipment we have got on hand is different from what others use. Ideally, I would have loved to have a Le Creuset Dutch oven, but owning one is way out of my budget! (As you can see in the picture, it is a really old Corningware, possibly from the 70s! Older than I am!) If you have a cast iron wok (with a lid), you can skip the oven part. Your wok will absorb all the flavours nicely as long as you season your wok with cooking oil. The original recipe intends to build its flavour along the way from sauteeing the bacon to cooking the sliced vegetables in the bacon/stew flavoured fat (which is the basis for the sauce). Child called for browning the sliced vegetables, I covered and simmered it for a few minutes instead for a slightly supple texture. Also, I included sliced radishes for a slight variation of texture along with carrots.
Some years ago, I saw an astrologer called Ysanne and lost contact with her. Next thing I knew, she came to my attention again as I reviewed this question of soul contracts.
I ask a friend how she did it.
"Get it out!" Rel snapped, then caught himself. "No, hold it a moment. I have an idea."
"They accidently wrapped me in a blue blanket at the hospital..." - Me.
This movie’s story is not really one that reveals its complexity through a summary. It’s about a group of kids that find a mysterious asteroid in the ground and gain telekinetic powers through it. One of the kids, due to his troubled home life, begins to go bad. The three main characters, Andrew, Matt and Steve, are the focal point of all the movie’s tidings and they are actually damn good characters. Sure, they sort of embrace age-old clichés like the jock, the popular kid, the loner, but they’re very well detailed and textured characters who have clear dimensions to them. These guys are good actors and they play the characters with a lot of personality and charisma to them – they tell the whole movie’s story through their interactions and the way they change through the infusion of their newfound abilities.
We'll be selling our wares for the weekend from our canvas emporium and I'll bring this painting to show; I don't think it's for sale at the moment, though soon there'll be proper nice prints of it available.
See...I had this thought in my head that I would celebrate my favorite month (October) with nothing but Halloween treats and pumpkin goodies.
While college acceptance is an enormous hurdle to jump, school leaders said they know their job isn't done; they want to make sure the students actually attend.
Paris ...
yes like flower
You can also request to schedule an author guest blog, interview and/or book giveaway
Jack Black is an actor who played the character ‘Dewey Finn’. Dewey is a rock singer and guitarist in the film and he has been kicked out of his band and been replaced. He felt depressed as the band and his music meant everything to him. Dewey decides to find a real job but ends up teaching music in a geography lesson. In the end, the pupils performed on stage and became rock stars.
This is a circle of pate sucrée topped with a spiral of sponge and strawberry cream, all masked with more strawberry cream, then topped with a disc of marzipan covered with tempered chocolate and then decorated with some piped strawberry cream, piped chocolate and a sliced strawberry.
I know, I know, this one probably devestating, but it needs to be in here. Beverages account for an amazing amount of calories, and in restaurants these drinks are usually bottomless. Save the soda for dinner at home, when you can control how much you're drinking.
If it wasn't for the fact I've read the book a few times and seen the Lido 72 times (I know, tragic isn't it? The things one does for love) - then I'd be hot-footing it over the Channel myself and grabbing me a copy of the book and Lido 2-for-1 voucher.
At night, the celebration crescendos as people head off the many bars and pubs in the area offering festive drinks, plenty of green beer and Irish food.
Excerpt: Nemesis is what is taking down Barack Obama. Not politics as such, not the actions of his opponents -- at least not yet -- not any disaster or setback in the world as a whole. Obama is in the process of being ablated as the result of his own actions, born from his own personal flaws.
Lagunitas Brewing Company Hairy Eyeball Ale
Despite its considerable flaws, Summer Scars is tense, chilling and surprisingly decent. Grim as it becomes, I couldn't quite turn it off. It has an oddly magnetic quality.
And something warm to come to
The above account represents a fairly canonical history of banjo playing over the past century— an orthodoxy that now must be reconsidered in light of a recent discovery. It turns out that, while music historians’ attention has been focused on the eastern seaboard, from Cullowhee to Cambridge, they have overlooked technical breakthroughs in banjo playing that took place on the western frontier, decades before anyone started counting fingers. With the assistance of Mike Holmes and his merry band at Banjo Camp North, Second Cousin Curly has recently unearthed an Italian documentary that recreates this hitherto neglected chapter of five-string evolution. Here’s an excerpt:
Bandon and I had 4 different houses that we had to stop by this Easter! First we went to his house for breakfast after church, then to my house for brunch, next we went to his aunts for dinner and last but not least we went to my aunts for desert. Between all of the running around and the joy we get from visiting our families we had an amazing Easter day!
I'm an idiot. Oh well, now I want to frame the worst picture in it and try to sell that.
Now before you go ballistic about lossy compression, consider some really interesting facts. A lot of data comes from real-world transducers and A/D converters that capture anywhere from 8 to 20 bits of real data. (OK, 24 bits if you’ve got a really expensive converter.) These data samples tend to get stuck in 32-bit locations with anywhere from 12 to 24 irrelevant bits per sample (likely zeroes). You don’t really want to spend precious memory bandwidth or consume power to ship around a bunch of zeroes that will vaporize upon arrival. It’s easy to see that lossy compression applied to these data samples could drop a lot of bits but lose not a single significant bit (…simply the bits that matter).
The first book, My Lord Scandal is from the series Notorious Bachelors. Emma Wildes I have not read and from the first book of the series I like her characterization and the plot which grabs you as a romeo and juliet story but there are many clues that will be unmasked as the story continues.
The ideologues who want a $15 / hour minimum wage would actually speed up the process of automation of low skill jobs. It would actually hurt their constituents the hardest, because they are most likely to have the sort of skills that can be replaced by a machine, a software program or some other innovation.
But today, I’d like to share some thoughts of another strong candidate for inclusion – This Isn’t Everything you Are.
Ella’s voice catches in her throat. She begins to cry.
A scrapbooking group I am on has an awesome challenge. Make a Journal Jar.
Worried about financial aspect of your online college degree studies? Well there are various options available for day scholars are also available for online college degree students. You can tie up with attractive loans choosing one that suits you best. Many corporate companies encourage their employees to further their education by funding their studies. If you have put in required number of years of experience and have a good performance record, you may be eligible for a scholarship or otherwise to a interest free loan.
By drought; my yard cries out in thirst.
Holden Commodore – dunny-door, common whore, commode
Cause it’s asleep in the light
From the entire fabric of Paul’s Christology, it is apparent that Paul saw Jesus as participating in God’s attributes and roles, as sharing in the divine glory…But neither in the Jewish background of Paul nor in his own usage (unlike John’s) did the language of divine sonship in itself attribute divinity. In Paul’s Jewish tradition to call a human figure God’s ‘Son’ meant primarily to attribute to him a special standing, status and favor with God. Paul’s references to Jesus as the ‘Son’ of God meant that Jesus possessed a unique standing, status and favor with God.[23]
Hope that you all have a great week in the gong.
Random, I know. This will be a random post as well, because it's 0545 and I haven't slept a wink. The day started off reasonably well enough...kids liked their Valentines, I got some editing done, went to get weighed and discovered I'd lost another four pounds. For the past three weeks (well, the past YEAR, really, but only seriously committed the past three weeks) I have been participating in a physician's weight loss program. Basically, I pay a weight loss "specialist", who happens to be an MD, to teach me how to put my body in ketosis, which promotes weight loss. I get a shot in the butt of some fat melting gibberish and an appetite suppressant and make my weekly promise to deprive myself of any and all carbs. The whole thing became a necessity after three years filled with divorce, stress, illness after tonsils being taken out, steroid therapy due to a throat polyp (and I couldn't even sing like Adele if my life depended on it...what gives?), much too much wine and good ol' fashioned laziness. The program works. I mean REALLY works. After two days of initial protein loading and no carbs, you really don't crave carbs anymore. The no wine part kind of stinks, but I'll get over it. I've lost 14 pounds in two weeks. Awesome, right?
Originally from Denver, Colorado Mays splits his time living and working in Denver, Philadelphia and Oakland. He’s contributed to exhibitions across the US in Oakland, Philadelphia, New York, Denver, New Orleans, San Francisco, Los Angeles and has exhibited internationally in Mexico City, London and Johannesburg, South Africa. He’s created illustration’s for various clientele, including Jill Scott, Ursula Rucker, Jneiro Jarel, Circulations(Japan) and Ubeat(Germany). Mays is co-founder of Flying Spectrum, a limited edition silkscreen company and creator of the Color Codes Sounds Sessions.
-Winner has 48 hours to claim prize, or a new winner will be chosen.
Chicken Piccata with Spinach Fettucine (for 2)
Note videos do not play automatically, viewer discretion is advised.
Next!
sector, the very first one-
This last Sunday marked a very important day in my life; no it was not my birthday and I didn’t land a job I desperately need BUT the new season of Game of Thrones finally arrived. After months of anticipation I was rewarded with what I thought was a solid first episode to the season. It wasn’t horribly exciting and didn’t have you on the edge of your seat, but on the other hand I think it did a good job of reintroducing you to the characters and their stories, which may have gotten hazy in the time since last season ended.
When starting a new software project, what is your default choices for your technology stack. What common libraries and toolkits do you find yourself reusing again and again.
In a nut shell, “theological” issues can be broken down into three different levels, or “tiers”. So, I see three tiers of doctrine. Let’s call them…
"When I was a student at Temple University, I had the privilege of meeting Henry through a mutual friend. I was a starving student at the time and lived in a tiny apartment around the corner on Locust St. Henry befriended me and I became one of his dog walkers; a job that he paid me extravagantly for. I also got to attend a few of his private parties and met the likes of Douglas Cooper, Billie, Bill Blass and other celebrities of the day. I knew Henry was extremely rich but he never acted snobbish or condescending to me or any other individuals, grand or humble, who made it through the doors of Little Monticello. One little thing about Henry that I always loved was that, despite his great wealth, his car (at least when I was living in Philadelphia) was a Buick. I happened to be Googling Rittenhouse Square the other day (a trip down memory lane) and saw pictures of the house; shutters gone and looking derelict. What a sad condition for a home that knew so much love and laughter. Henry would scream if he saw the condition those front steps are in!"
He says he was also beaten on his knees with a baton.
I challenge you to do the same, comment and let me know who you are going to write to and why and a bit of the history. I will give you the same courtesy - I will be writing to the lass who read a reading at my wedding and then proceeded to fall asleep on the toilet at the venue later on in the night and get locked in after everyone had left. Those are the mates you should never stop communicating with.
You can answer this in so many fun ways. One mum I know said "That's ok, we're vaccinated for that"
Sasha is desperate to find out who murdered her father. When getting the answer means pledging her soul to Eryx, she unlocks a secret that puts her in grave danger—Sasha is Anabo, a daughter of Eve, and Eryx’s biggest threat.
LJ Fort: I actually got to meet Luke Bryan this year so that was quite the experience.
All this to say, whereas just five years ago there was excess demand for private prison capacity, today there is a glut. What's more, quite a few Texas counties got roped into issuing taxpayer-backed debt to participate in this ill-conceived speculative bubble, which now appears to be bursting before our eyes.
This is such a versatile layout and perfect for CAS stamping. Scroll down and you will find another card using the exact same layout, but the colors give it a whole new look!
By around 20:00, the two Argentinian ladies then returned - they were very friendly and the air began to really warm up.
Me: "Well, as I said, I can't fix this, only a dentist can, so you are going to need to figure out a way to afford the dentist. I can give you some motrin, pain medicine, and antibiotics but they won't fix this, only make it more tolerable."
The first is Ann Margaret and Al Hirt with “Baby it’s Cold Outside.” This version is the best I have ever heard. It’s super sexy, which is something that is lacking in most Christmas jingles. Sadly, I cannot say the same for Al Hirt (he looks really creepy in this clip), but you know… we can’t all be timeless sex symbols like Ms. Margaret.
Now I’m not one to talk. I wouldn’t know the first thing about approaching a man without some liquid courage, but there’s got to be a better way than you saying, “I think you’re 26 or 27, because I’m 26 and I want you to be around my age.” Really?! You have got to come better than that. Even Darren Sharper would get laughed out of my apartment with that foolishness.*
They are off and running.
Curry leaves 1string
Which I can do, I am happy to report.
we are all dead
Many of City’s fans were incensed by the awarding of Manchester United’s penalty against QPR last weekend and they had another reason to be disappointed with the officials after Tevez was booked for diving. Television replays showed that Ryan Bennett made substantial contact inside the box.
4x Æther Adept
Game. Set. Match. Momma,
A full three years after the band's demise, much of the live material from 1981/1982 originally collected on Open Gates of Fire was given a more proper release as Fin, an album more than worthy of being the epitaph for Crispy Ambulance's original run, but also an album that begs the question: what if they had recorded a second studio album? These live performances caught the band both on a creative ascendance and heading toward dissolution, as such, Fin demonstrates a sound quite different from earlier Crispy Ambulance recordings. One of the album's obvious highlights is "The Plateau Phase," which did not appear on the album of the same name. Recorded in Brussels in early 1982, the song has a nervy, scratchy, doom-drenched quality that builds tension behind Hempsall's wandering, languorous vocals. Another standout is "Choral," a song never recorded in the studio due to some resistance in the band to exploring a more overtly electronic-based sound. Nevertheless, on Fin, the song comes off as a charging kraut-rock inspired gem that features some nice guitar-work by Davenport and a particularly ominous vocal performance by Hempsall. The posthumous release of this live album only furthered the Crispies' meteoric rise in the esteem of the critics. Writing in response to the re-issue of Fin in 1990, NME wrote, "Long before Manchester crawled back into flared trousers, bands such as Crispy Ambulance were busily painting their city black with urban mood music. The Crispies were doomed at the time by being compared to Joy Division, but as this record shows, they were much looser and far less serious than the mighty JD [....] Too bad this fine band ended up in the casualty ward." Indeed!
I just happen to be battling cancer.
Hello everyone~ I’m EXO-M’s Chen~! ^^
“How i hate it when you are so damned right ! “, I sighed and smiled inwardly.” So,what are the plans for tomorrow ? Wanna go out somewhere after college ? I badly need to try my hand at being normal. “
and a new day begins
-Majlis Pertunangan Azura & Zatu.
Trying to reduce my material wants, opening my eyes to what is already here is abundance.
OK, not to name drop, but we got to hang out for almost two days with the Beer Chicks. Their first book, The Naked Pint is fantastically informative, humorously written and sold a butt-load of copies. Hallie Beaune and Christina Perozzi also have a splendid Facebook page and killer website, and novel TV special coming up on the Cooking Channel. They know and love everything beer – and they can out-drink any self-respecting Cajun.
An increasingly prominent measure of autism "severity" is the Social Responsiveness Scale. Developed by John Constantino, it now exists in different age-range versions. Its purpose encompasses quantifying what are presumed to be autistic traits, from none on up, across the full range of humanity.
Ganesha book by Sakunthala Jagannathan and her daughter Nandita Krishnan. My neighbour lent me this book yesterday and it is very interesting. The ladies have collected a vast number of stories and theories about Ganesha as well as his accessories, drawings and photos of sculptures of Ganesha from Afganisthan to Japan including especially India, then China, Mongolia, Burma, Cambodia, Nepal…. and Java.
How right I was!
As with any electronic equipment, once you get familiar with it, the technical aspects become almost invisible. The computers at each end of the conversation link up, happy people bound into view, and everyone starts talking.
I feel their stares
Debbi
1 (6 oz) can of tomato paste
Here are a few examples ...
1 package Candian bacon (8slices) diced
That evening we had fresh fish bbq’ed on the beach and watched the stars… very relaxing indeed and well earned we thought.
Thank you so much for stopping by! How I Stole Johnny Depp's Aliend Girlfriend is now available in bookstores everywhere.
We didn’t wear them around at the parks though, we carried them around. In the over packed backpack. You see, the shirts were to be the new autograph books, which have been done to death in our house. I was looking for a new idea and tie dyed shirts in lieu of books seemed to fit the bill just fine.
AND’ I’m waiting for you to follow me.
Using the shredding blade, shred the carrots, add to bowl.
Chapter two told me how the Tardis (Dr Who's time machine/space craft) could be bigger on the inside than on the outside, examined the possibility of teleporting, and then looked at how the doctor might manage his toilet facilities by describing exactly what goes on aboard the shuttle and space stations (it involves funnels, pipes, leg rests, clamps and vacuum suction).
* substantial parts of the lectures had been copied into the textbook.
Then I found this cute little restaurant ware pitcher and little planter in my favorite off white color. I couldn't resist. I love to put little flowers in these tiny pitchers and the planters are perfect for candies or crafty goodness.
1/2 teaspoon nutmeg
The girls slept hard. After about a 2.5 hour nap out of both of them, I woke them up and we headed out as a family again. The town had a little kids carnival set up. We got there for the last 20 mins or so. Just enough time to let Abby ride a couple of things and snap some pics. She chose the Carousel to ride with Daddy and I rode the "biiiiig slide" with her. Good times.
So what is the criteria, well you have to use this quote...
Brought me now ?
FULFORD IS BILINGUAL AND HIGH PROFILE IN ASIA THANKS TO FORBES
A very clever bookmark!
Diseases of the Valve
Developing courage is a result of the practice, not a prerequisite to practicing- though, I have to constantly remind myself of this. Facing fears seems to be just part of the process in Asana and Meditation. In meditation, if we sit with ourselves long enough, anger rises. Things we didn’t even realize we were angry about begin to surface. Anger is just a reactive emotion to the underlying emotion of fear. In Asana practice fear might be mindfulness in disguise (think Chakrasana – thank you Catherine) or it comes in the guise of frustration when we can’t bind Marichyasana d (fear that we can’t complete the series).
Bad friend said it’s just because one is not a good listener, that’s all.
In July of last year, Holmes posed for another photo. It's not clear if he knew what this one would turn out to be for, but he claims he specifically prohibited the use of his likeness until he could see the finished product. In August, Holmes was fired from his job of 17 years, one of many casualties of Michael Eisner's restructuring (Eisner had purchased Topps in 2007.) In September, the "American History Relics" were released, featuring Holmes as John Henry.
Although the sun provides us with all of these life enabling features on Earth, it is also the cause of a lot of the opposite. Some of the bigger natural disasters on Earth are a result of weather extremities which occur when the Earth’s atmosphere is unevenly heated by the sun. Wind itself is the force of the hot air pockets in the atmosphere trying to push up and through the heavier pockets of cold air above it; this is a constant process over the whole of Earth’s atmosphere which is bound to create some strong winds and in extreme cases cyclones and hurricanes etc.
To the south and east beyond the garden lay an orchard and fields. To the north there was a small hill of oak and ash trees that protected us from harsh weather, creating a micro-climate that enabled me to grow buckets of tomatoes and plentiful 'Sweetheart' melons. Close to the rear of the house a long stone wall had been built to protect us from a new road that marked the boundary to an ever-growing satellite town.
I am a fantasy and science fiction writer. I love both genres equally. It's time I accept this fully, and revel in it (because revelling in stuff is fun).
Score: 4 / 5 I can't say that I'd rank it 4 out of 5 today.
But Maizes argued that many tenets of complementary medicine have already been independently verified. She noted, for instance, that there is significant scientific evidence supporting the role of good nutrition — which is a major focus of integrative medicine — in health, as well as the connection between the mind and body. What is lacking, she said, are clinical trials comparing integrative therapies to traditional medicine.
"Well, I hate the cabinets anyway."
15.Bert Jansch (unknown)
I'M BAAAAACK!!
This recipe came from a new book The Washer Up bought for me called Terre A Terre. Terre A Terre is a vegetarian restaurant in Brighton and the book has some amazingly creative, unusual recipes for dishes that you will have never seen anywhere else. Their aim is to challenge the image of vegetarian food and push the boundaries of conventional perceptions by creating gourmet vegetarian cuisine.
She turns 21 today and she is one excited girl.
Hubby and I celebrate our third wedding anniversary in ONE week, so I wanted to blog about the best (I think only) engagement gift we received. My mom bought us the beautiful photograph below, but here's the "awwwww" part:
This film was just something I picked up on a whim so I didn’t really have any expectations. I think that even though the acting job wasn’t the best I still enjoyed the movie mostly because of the storyline.
Christofle’s new line of Haute Orfèvrerie designed by Canadian designer Karim Rashid is a collection that proves that forward thinking and respect for the use of old materials combined with cutting-edge techniques like Clivetage (engraved metal), and Dorure Partielle (gold-plating).
With an ambient setting of Italian sofas, and a combination of both small round tables and tall bar seating surrounded by a soft velvet feel, this gave an instant first impression. Decorations of hand drawn champagne bottles, scatter cushions and buckets of champagne bottles don’t look out-of-place, with plenty of space to mingle with friends and colleagues whilst you sip on champagne from the likes of Laurent Perrier or Veuve Clicquot.
‘Slowly.’
Age/Genre: PB (ages 6-8)
Bowser Alcazar 2:19:661
Dr. Ingraffea explains that the kernel of the myth that fracked gas is clean fuel is based on the fact that burning gas produces less of the greenhouse gas carbon dioxide than burning coal or oil. However, during production there is much leakage and waste of gas. Some of it is “flared” or burned, which has to be added to the total effect. Much of it simply escapes as methane over its life cycle as it is drilled and transported. Most natural gas is methane. Methane is a very powerful greenhouse gas in its own right. It has substantially more powerful greenhouse effect than carbon dioxide by many multiples but over a somewhat shorter time period because it lasts in the atmosphere as methane for about 10 years. Once carbon dioxide is in the atmosphere it is there, for all practical purposes, permanently. Some companies flare their escaping waste methane to destroy it but Dr. Ingraffea reports that others like Shell have a policy not to. Perhaps Shell feels that flaring provides too conspicuous a reminder of the waste and escaping gas.
I learned about the world serving in the military. I learned about people serving in federal law enforcement. I learned about making money working in Madison Avenue. And what I learned there was that when we used songs and soundtracks from the 60's and 70's, response to our commercials skyrocketed.
"Yes! Louder!" Brooklyn confirmed.
That's what it looked like:
3. Artichoke and Spinach Dip – another holiday staple of mine. I use Knorr Vegetable Dip and take it from there. I deviate a little and use extra cream cheese and white cheddar cheese. Sometimes I like to make it spicy as well!
Neon King Kong standin' on my back
2. The Title of the Psalm is: “Unto the end, in behalf of those that shall be changed, to David himself.” Now of the change for the better hear thou; for change either is for the worse or for the better. …That we have been changed then for the worse, to ourselves let us ascribe: that for the better we are changed, let us praise God. “For those,” then, “that shall be changed,” this Psalm is. But whence hath this change been made but by the Passion of Christ? The very word Pascha in Latin is interpreted passage. For Pascha is not a Greek word but a Hebrew. It soundeth indeed in the Greek language like Passion, because pasxein signifieth to suffer: but if the Hebrew expression be examined, it pointeth to something else. Pascha doth intimate passage. Of which even John the Evangelist hath admonished us, who (just before the Passion when the Lord was coming to the supper wherein He set forth the Sacrament of His Body and Blood) thus speaketh: “But when there had come the hour, wherein Jesus was to pass from this world to the Father.” He hath expressed then the “passage” of the Pascha. But unless He passed Himself hence to the Father, who came for our sake, how should we have been able to pass hence, who have not come down for the sake of taking up anything, but have fallen? But He Himself fell not; He but came down, in order that He might raise up him that had fallen. The passage therefore both of Him and of us is hence to the Father, from this world to the kingdom of Heaven, from life mortal to life everlasting, from life earthly to life heavenly, from life corruptible to life incorruptible, from intimacy with tribulations to perpetual security. Accordingly, “In behalf of them that shall be changed,” the Psalm’s title is. The cause therefore of our change, that is, the very Passion of the Lord and our own voice in tribulations in the text of the Psalm let us observe, let us join in knowing, join in groaning, and in hearing, in joint-knowing, joint-groaning, let us be changed, in order that there may be fulfilled in us the Title of the Psalm, “In behalf of them that shall be changed.”
The last few weeks of my life have been something out of a very painful, very emotionally-draining book - one of those books that they make into maudlin, depressing movies that get released in February or March of every year.
curiouslee: People volunteer because they like the original vision and have a desire to meet some other interesting volunteers.
Designed and developed by Mercedes AMG, but other partners were involved; the unique battery cells were supplied via A123 and the MGU was partnered with Zytek. Although the power control electronics were solely a Mercedes AMG in house development.
(For the record, I really do know that I'm a geek. I like it that way. The End.)
Below are a few fun pictures of our weekend...and below that are the *FINAL* results of My 30 before 30 bucket list...
They did so, not by arranging planned demolitions, staged crash sites or faked phone calls, rather simply by preventing any action being taken on overwhelming evidence of imminent terrorist attacks. In other words, Cheney and Rice conspired to ‘let one through’ to get the Second Pearl Harbor they craved.
DW: Stolen by who, though?
Best Supporting Actor Jules Berry, Le Crime de Monsieur Lange
The end of the T12 era
Jack: Well then, you can’t say Sh*t again when you forget your keys and we’re late for the bus!
This adorable little creature came home with me as a souvenir of my Chinatown experience. I am hopeful he will bring me wisdom. So far, he's just brought cuteness to the desk lamp from which he hangs in the office.
No really, I haven't! Why are you all looking at me through the Internet like that?
In the beginning I was apprehensive about being alone with Benjamin, but not so much now. Yeah, I’m okay until the day comes when I try to be firm with Benjamin and he calls my bluff. It’s never pretty when he calls bullcrap on me putting my foot down. All I can do then is pray that his mother hurries up and gets home.
2 tablespoons dark brown sugar
Dreamy Sea
us what you want in exchange for the release of Alan Gross?
I will be showing more of the new releases in the next few days, so I hope you will visit again! Thanks for stopping by!
Natalie: (very matter of fact like) Mom.....I'm not saving my money for Charming Charlie!
I used the Bo Bunny Welcome Home paper collection, cardstock from my stash and white vellum for the computer journaling. The metal accent piece above the larger journaling block is also from the collection, but the bling in the middle of the large accents is from Prima (Say It In Crystals).
I’m expecting my study guides any day now and I am slightly fearful, but that’s normal for an almost-graduate, well an emotional one like myself I guess.
And a barky dog?
I've seen these pins before - the carve a rubber stamp out of an eraser idea - couldn't quite wrap my mind around it so I never paid much attention to it. MISTAKE! For whatever reason I clicked through this time around and I'm really glad I did.
The 26-year-old Big Bang Theory actress opted for a sleeveless sunny yellow tulle and metallic embroidered lace Tadashi Shoji Spring 2012 RTW cocktail dress featuring a satin ribbon belted wrap waist and a pleated tulle tiered skirt. The knee length frock was accessorized with multiple cocktail rings, diamond bracelet, a topaz jewel-embellished blush suede sunflower Konstantin Kakianas by Atelier Swarovski evening clutch bag and a pair of rose gold metallic Brian Atwood ‘Zenith’ Mary-Janes pumps.
Hope you like the card and I hope you have a great weekend.
Throughout this process of making a ‘Brand Manager Guide Book,’ I keep getting motivated and intrigued by my group members and the advertising agency we are focusing on, NORTH in Portland, Oregon. Although I wasn’t able to make the trip to Portland and have an interview with Genny Richardson, the brand manager at NORTH, my group members recorded the interview so I could feel like I was there. After listening to the interview, I’m even more excited and nervous to graduate and start on the journey to finding the place I want to start my career at
8. World Downfall
Waterfield’s complicity is understandable in this story, and he is starting to crack. The duress of having his daughter kidnaped and being forced to do things against his nature is weakening his resolve. Waterfield is willing to confess his actions to any authority after he sees his daughter to safety. Maxtible’s motivations are more selfish. He seeks the secret of transmutation of metal into gold. Being motivated by greed, he is considerably more cold and ruthless.
In any case, fingers crossed, this latest surgery will alleviate the suffering this sadly maimed lady endures every hour or every day.
The servants call it the Lady Tower: the isolated part of the castle where Eleanor's mother is imprisoned after a terrible accusation.
I went to the spine and tossed a quick 180-Mute over it. “Nice, nice,” he said, but I told him that I wasn’t done yet. I dropped back in and hucked a 360-Lui Kang over it this time, stalled on the quarter-pipe and then finished with a 540 back to the other side.
Sunday was a regular church day but we did have a lot of fun playing in the backyard after the kids’ nap. We had a kickball game and we played soccer. Drew and I had fun, as well as the kids.
My mom knew she was losing some control over my life but still every time something went awry in my life I called my mom. I ran to my family for support. In February of 2010 I lost my job... I was no longer able to
Perhaps we should have, but we still had many miles to go and did not want to run out of daylight.
that my kids always get the short end of the stick.
Employ an entertaining weather forecaster/presenter, not a robot or a crazy man. I can get all that if I want it from ITV or Sky.
Now don't freak out but I need to confess something. In the time I've been away I have not crocheted one single jug cover. I know. Insane. The urge just stopped. The obsessive compulsion completely dissipated. The bugs hibernated, winter set in and I wanted to create bigger and warmer and cosier things.
For some reason Aquibird has been one of those bands whose music has been tragically underrated even among fans of Korean indie music, and I could never see why. They started out with an acid jazz/reggae blend setting them apart from others with a similar sound yet keeping the appeal of that vein of electronic music, and at first even released English versions of their songs. Lady Jane left the band on good terms a couple of years ago and since then the sound has taken a more acoustic direction. Hopefully this new album will finally give Aquibird the recognition they deserve.
There was a theme... its not obvious (much!)
Merry Christmas, and stay safe.
of ricotta, Parmesan, provolone and goat cheese.
‘I can’t, not yet…’ Mr D sighed. ‘But I’ll try. And maybe one day, I’ll be able to turn away from regret, and walk on.’
The design is by La Boca, ’an independent design circus…’ (sigh) ‘…specializing in art & design for the film, music and fashion industries’.
Home Care Pulse, a company which measures client and employee satisfaction, created the certification program to measure key satisfaction aspects of its in-home care delivery as well as the level of satisfaction of the caregiving staff. Home Care Pulse believes that certifying agencies can both educate and help families to make better care decisions for their aging loved ones.
Don’t get me wrong – I loved a good intellectual tête-à-tête, a tantalizing spar and I still do. Looking back, I probably deliberately pushed people’s buttons to fire them up to vent my frustrations and liberal righteousness. And being a woman, and I hate to say this, men indulged me.
hit her
The picture above was taken on the day we closed on our house back in 2002. We fell in love with the house the first time we saw it. We still love it.
“I’ve got no mother, no wife, no kids. I had, but my mother’s dead, and I lost my wife and my kids when I had my trouble. Women are bitches. It’s hard for a chap to live without any affection in his life.”
One of the more impressive players of the day for me was Missouri’s Michael Egnew who measured in at a solid 6-5 251 lbs., which is more than some expected coming in. Egnew looked good running his routes and seemed to be right where he needed and was expected to be at all times. Egnew also caught the ball very well, secured the catch and immediately turned his body up field. He also showed more aggressiveness and tenacity in the running game and it was nice to see him work as an in-line blocker as that was one of the bigger questions surrounding him leading up into this week. I’m glad the Vikings staff is giving him looks inside and getting him out of his element a bit to see where his blocking ability stands.
Drain pasta and add to bowl.
Recently, a friend referred to me as a woman, and I wondered when this happened. I mean, obviously I was always female, but when did I make the transition from girl to woman? When do any of us? Is it an age thing? Does it happen with life’s milestones like graduation/marriage/motherhood? Does it happen when we become the kind of woman we want to become or does it just happen while we’re just merrily going on our way? Do we have any control over it at all?
THE KIDS LAST DAY OF SUMMER MDO
C: Oh! But I saw them give you key!
My "take" on the Sketch
Never once did You leave us on our own
My babies are 5 years old! I can't believe how time has flown by and how much has changed in our lives. The trio have gotten so big and it's hard to remember how very tiny they were. I know 4lbs doesn't seem that tiny compared to some preemies, but, compared to an average newborn it still is. There are times when walking through the store and I see preemie clothes I can't believe there was a time when that size was too big for my babies. Markas is right at 4ft, Josh is a couple inches taller, and Lucy is a little bit taller than Josh. They weigh from 45-75lbs. It's nuts. The pedi has been telling me since before they were a year old that Lucy was going to hit 6ft. I believe her now.
I couldn’t help but notice the difference in tires, and they make a big difference in the race. The rubber is as thin as a credit card. The driver wants those tires to heat up to about 200 degrees to make them sticky so they grip the road. It seems to me it would also slow them down, but, what do I know? Our docent was knowledgeable and told us many stories about the cars development and racing experiences. This was very much a family museum.
Slideshows have become an alternative story form that give the reader more to look at than just text. Many news outlets, including The New York Times, have entire sections highlighting unique stories presented through photojournalism. I love the quality and diversity of work seen in this section. Here, photographers have the opportunity to not only share current events visually, but also human interest stories and features that provide additional education to the viewer.
In fields where
Now allow me to take a few days off! See you this weekend! I'll be a blogging fiend this weekend!
Cora is adorable, but a ton of work! I'm hoping to get some more craft time this next week.
When I was 16 I changed schools to do my A Levels, and around where I lived there was a lot of building going on. The same builders, employed by the people who owned all the land around, and somehow or other I got chatting to them.
Dad-of-three McMahan – who has revealed he won’t be standing for re-election – admitted drink driving after a session in the town.
Lots of nice humor in this one! Aspen’s character in general – Somehow she’s always getting herself into trouble! Poor girl. But it comes off in a comical way most of the time. I loved her joking relationship with Peter, and he had a nice comical personality as well. I felt like the book was mostly on the lighter side – Even in dire moments, I found myself laughing at Aspen’s stream of consciousness or little remarks here and there.
Good Afternoon Everyone,
The life that pleases God is the life that keeps growing in knowledge and continuously seeks to know God intimately. Growing in the knowledge of God is not the same as seeking to get more from God. Some of us are only concerned with what we can get from God without doing His will. We want to know how to get God to answer our prayers, when it is convenient for us. We want God to meet our ungodly needs and make all of our problems disappear,after doing what was wrong to begin with. Right?
Beyoncé, as an American icon, was assumed to be just another cut and shut Momma (translation: it was expected she would have an arranged c-section like the rest of her cohort) so when news broke that Mrs. Carter had given birth ‘naturally’ the message boards of the internet were buzzing with various birth obsessives to try to fathom what exactly was meant.
Take a little dough and shape into a ball.Place it on a well greased Zip Lock bag/ Plastic sheet/ small plate and pat it down to a patty.Poke a hole right in the center with your finger to make a doughnut.
Neal and Co. – What a bench, filled with Les Indiennes fabric pillows.
Oops. Mom, what I meant was, “Now I’m off to work on my 4-H projects 24/7, because I won’t have a script to distract me!”
Congratulations to you both!! Please email Bev and she will sort them out for you.
a lot of work, but very successful! We sold several frames, redneck wine glasses and sheet music items. Surprisingly, we only sold 1 set of coasters and none of the wine bottle candles that my cousin makes. Having never done a craft show before, we learned a lot.
Xaba said the car guards told her that this happened often at the restaurant. "I am assuming that this has happened a number of times before to other black clients. I told the waitress that I would take the matter further because this cannot go on," Xaba said.
he is awesome beyond all gods.
He explored a deprecated church;
Sometimes I think it’s the stats and the comparison to others that gets me down.
Immediately after the bombings of the United Nations headquarters in Abuja, intelligence reports indicted high level friends of government in the executive, legislature, senior party officials, elder statesmen and security officers including retired ones. It is expected that President Goodluck will seize the opportunity of the uproar and outrage against the bombings to confront the indicted senior members of the party. Instead he chose to appeal to some of them to turn a new leaf. Emboldened by presidential timidity the murderers recruited more high level personalities, hitherto sitting on the fence, into the murderous chess game. Their strategy is to make the nation state unsafe, ungovernable for president Goodluck until he forgets his ambition of either a second term in office or the seven year tenure elongation plot. The PDP politicians in the North merely tolerated President Goodluck during the months and weeks to the presidential elections. There was so much funds to be shared in 2011 that they elected to stuff their pockets first before thinking of 2015.
Have you noticed something similar with your kids? How do you feel when they behave better for others? And what do you do?
I am also not sure if that will get me a 'great career.' Or even a good career. I am sure of my feeling fulfilled in my pursuit of doing what I want to do.
Here's a photograph to gladden the heart of any traditional Catholic and to give The Tablet's Bobbie Mickens a fit of the vapours. The prelate wearing that magnificent mitre is a bishop of England and Wales, believe it or not, presiding at a solemn Latin Mass to mark the re-opening of a parish where the worship will be in the Extraordinary Form. More than a thousand people attended.
We decided to take this trip together because we know that chances like this don't come around often in life. If we had children, this probably wouldn't have been possible. If either one of us had been in a different career or even at different points in our current careers, this probably wouldn't have been possible. If several projects I was working on had turned out the way I'd planned, rather than the way the fates allowed, I wouldn't have wanted to take this much time away.
Chiles are a great healthy addition to any meal, and the New Mexico, or Anaheim, variety are a great choice for grilling. They are meaty and not hot. I enjoy grilling them and them stuffing them with good food.
Therefore, I drive.
Sheep television was,
“You know, if a Democrat were here he’d look around and say no one should live like this. Republicans come here and say EVERYONE should live like this. This is a real tribute to America, to entrepreneurship.”
So I'm 11 seconds into this slide show vid and there's Arielle posed cross-legged in a chair, wearing ruffled kiddie panties, a kid-sized shirt, her hair in pigtails, cutie socks on her feet, holding a stuffed dog.
For information or booking:
Activist Attorney
The one thing I did NOT see in response was a follow up challenge from JD!
You take her out to dinner (0)
Artist: Baths
The second thing to think about is the 'demissionaire' phase (quitting period). Unlike in the states, two weeks is not an option. Three months is a typical notice period for a 'cadre' status, and in non-cadre situations it depends on your contract and can vary but is usually a month or so.
Registered Business Address:
It took me the 40 minute drive home to cool down to the place that I wouldn't completely let the manager of our complex have it. I wish I could say that this was a moment where I trusted the Lord and said, "Its in your hands." But instead I told Him all the reasons that this couldn't be happening and how UNFAIR it was and how it was my RIGHT for it to turn out the way I wanted.
Hell, it's some kinda lunatic following me.
A deeper statistical analysis has revealed that a whopping 73.4% of the visitors are spending less than 5 seconds on this blog.
So is Ron Paul a racist? Everything points to no, except for one outlying issue in the form of newsletters sent out in the 80′s under his name.
October 1 – The Arena at Gwinnett Center, Atlanta, GA
I have purposefully left much unsaid about this book, and avoided plot specifics, in hopes that you will experience the intensity and drama for yourself. Production of a Hunger Games movie is underway, but this is a book that must be read to be believed. Overall, this novel was the most exciting and suspenseful story I have ever read . . . until I read the sequel.
531390 Other activities related to real estate
Wheating should get to the line first to take the title. Symmonds should draw close, but look for Andrews to go by both Jock and Symmonds with 10 meters left as they lean at the finish with Jock getting the final Daegu spot with his height advantage on the lean!
Buy It: You can buy Forbidden Passion for $6.99 US/ $8.99 CAN.
The Lakeside daisies are in full bloom. That may not sound like earth-shattering news. But apparently due to the unusually warm winter here in Ohio, the daisies, like most other flowers, plants and trees, are blooming early. Plus, if you are a lover of all things nature, and especially wildflowers, you don’t want to miss this yellowy exhibition.
the breath of the drum.
She's a fourth grader with a big problem. How will she make friends at her new school? Should she tell her classmates she loves monster movies? Forget it. Play the part of a turnip in the school play? Disaster! Then Kylie comes up with a delicious idea: What if she starts a cupcake club?
Other: Three sugars are also used.
A nice lead up weekend to next week's double tilt of Millrose and Karlsruhe.
We hear there has been a mass roundup of ex PRA and militia. (There are mixed reports about what's happened to Little W, the 13 year old who we knew the soldiers were looking for, and we're really anxious about him.)
Simple Minds – I Travel (Extended Mix)
This was how Jan and Hiltje discovered their murdered parents when they returned to their Florida North home on May 2 last year after holidaying at Sabie in Mpumalanga.
Train delays were reported in both the North-South and East-West lines run by SMRT this morning due to ‘bad weather condition’, causing many commuters to turn up late for work.
Now what is it? It's a big shit-hat. It's a stupid dandy parade of cinos and frappas and con pannas and, for the sake of fuck, the word skinny.
It's a tricky one though isn't it? Dress up, dress down, go in my pjs, glam it up and wear my wig (ugh), don't wear it and look like a demented poodle - will this encourage sympathy from the judge? And what is it with chemo hair eh? Why has it grown back curly and dark (not counting the grey bits boo hoo) - it's a very annoying length of about an inch and it looks like a fright wig. Well it frightens me when I look in the mirror, I don't look like my mother, I look like my grandmother. And I tell you something else, which is probably too much information, but what the hell I'm on a roll here, other hair, that was curly is now straight! I don't think it's changed places (oh please god no no no and everyone is being too polite and not telling me? aaaarrrgh) because the hair on my head is very soft and babylike, but as I said, poodle.
Noah fell short of his goal last year to send a family friend with cancer, her husband and daughter to Disneyland. The friend’s mother died before the family could make the trip.
However, is it possible that women with a certain need subconsciously or otherwise seek out a partner who will fulfil that need, even if that need is to be treated badly?. Fantasy is a very powerful part of sexuality and can lead people into dangerous territory, it can lead many otherwise intelligent men to women like Mrs Payne, and, similarly, throughout history it has led certain women to bad boys, occasionally very bad boys.
5. And then I won't go to too much detail, but I have a GINORMOUS hemorrage
the mixture will be thick and lumpy looking ( i added a little more water just to make it a little less thick)
Optical Illusion has a teal-blue glitter base that again, is filled with mutli coloured glitter pieces. The teal base shifts to blue making this polish hard to truly decipher from Liquid Crystal in photos when you can't keep anything straight....
I'd been searching for apps on the internet forums and installing to my phone about five or more years ago! And now, it's same, and it's a shame! How and why they did this?! What was they thinking; killing Android just after released? They made it!..
Listen, before you take any of my advice you have to do one very important thing first. You have to
Today we're back with out final Design Team reveal, which is from Becky! But don't worry, we'll be sharing the Design Team Challenge projects next week! Let's take a look at Becky's cards!
If you would like to join a long-distant Birthday / Christmas card club please email me. I have many openings available.
Shareology does wonder if the romance between the residents of Uptown and Calhoun Square will continue after this separation of sorts. Shareology can’t wait to check out the traffic when the new square footage opens.
What's your quotable movie?
- Be reasonable and flexible. The agency cannot know if neighbours have plans for major renos. They are technically are not responsible for peace and quiet, any more than a hotel can be responsible for that drunken soccer fan party under your window. But the agency wants satisfied return customers, and a cooperative attitude gets the best results.
Level 28: Recovers 280 HP and 84 MP every 4 seconds.
Where: The Apple Store, Regent Street, London
H - Yes. We're using a print-on-demand supplier called Kablam. We created our book using the computer program 'Comic Life,' and we want to make sure we have all of its technical issues sorted before we get our teeth fully into the third draft. When we present this next draft to our editor, and to a select few others for their feedback, we want it to look as nearly as possible like the final published comic.
8pm- 11oz steak, broccoli, side salad w/ balsamic and olive oil
Travel is a big part of it. Among them I want to see Vermont and Rhode Island, preferably in the fall. They’re the only two states I haven’t seen of the lower 48. Alaska, which I also haven’t seen, will be my final frontier.
Add the final meringue and frost the top and sides. Press chopped walnuts on the sides of the cake and decorate with walnut halves on the top. Cover and refrigeratove overnight. Bring to room tempurature before serving.
Bar Council’s Silence Over ‘Free Anwar 901′ Campaign Questioned – Saturday, 31 December 2011 08:53
Today is my wonderful hubby's birthday and I sat yesterday to make him a card. I tried not to make it just any card but something that had meaning. So, I went thru my stamps to look for something and found the buffalo in the In Wilderness set (which unforunately is retiring) and went with that!
JO: The last time we recorded an album was in a garage, small studio, we did it all live in the first take, and it only took us 6 hours. We were mixing the whole night before the day we released it.
And despite these being the world's worst pictures (my husband got home after dark, so inside was our only option), here is my take on this outfit.
In a large cap if the fund is worth $2 billion and earns 12% then the growth in dollar terms is $240,000,000. Percentages can be misleading, focus on the dollar value.
While all the actors here are superb – it’s a real ensemble performance to behold – it’s Bacri’s Castella I’ll remember. He is absolutely perfect in this film – he never puts a foot wrong, there’s humour, sadness, pomposity, desire (for both a woman, and for a more interesting life), and pride, all kept spinning, and deftly turned to when needed. I’d imagine it must be difficult to take the audience with a character who isn’t always likeable – just how far do you take them with you before they cease to care? However far it is, he never lost my affection, and yet he never asks for it.
This card creates a frame around the image. I used the SU stamp set Organic Grace and stamped it in SU Certainly Celery and Vintage Violet (disc. color). This was mounted to the smallest die in the Spellbinders Grand Label Four. I then used a MS Deco Fan corner and edge punch on a 3.25" x 5" piece of white card stock. Using the Spellbinders Label Four, I created a window in the white card stock and also on a piece of SU Wisteria Wonder. These two pieces were mounted over the image with pop dots to create the frame.
I got out of his car and walked to my car, all the while thinking, "well, I guess I blew it somehow. Didn't go as well as I had hoped." He drove off and I was on my way. I had about a 30-40 min drive to get back home, but I didn't want to wait until I got home to send the obligatory "I had a fun time" text. So I broke my rule of No Texting While Driving and sent him a text. He text me back and asked if I was home already. I said no. He asked "what about your no texting while driving rule?" I said, "I made an exception for you." hehehehe. good one right? He said back, "Aww. I had a good time too. I'm surprised you didn't kiss me." GASP, did I read his signals wrong? I told him I really wanted to but I wasn't sure if he wanted me to. And then he told me that he would've enjoyed a kiss goodnight. I sent back "*kicks self for missing out on kissing a great guy* I hope I get another chance." Aren't I just the cutest? LOL
Hawaii. Then England. Then Disneyworld!!! Can I quit school? Can I have a new Mustang? And a puppy?! Wecanhaveourownplane…OHMEEEGAAWWWD! AND WE CAN FLY EVERYONE TO MEXICO FOR THE WEDDING, INCLUDING DAD!
Another lovely gorgeous image in the Greek line of images at Tickled Pink Stamps, which you can grab up on January 20th EDT. Do you prefer digi? Then hang in there until the middle of February when Kellie has her digi's on sale. I love that you don't have to wait. Nothing like instant gratification!
Sorry, the language is in Chinese so is the subtitles.
OG=1.049@72F
In fact make use of the goods you sell. If the product you will be promoting is useful and successful, it’s considerably easier to speak by using reports of methods the merchandise in fact proved helpful for you rather than to take advantage of the generic endorsements lots of Television ads use. Over the identical lines, demonstrate the product to prospective buyers if in any way feasible.
“No citizen of any country can be assured that he or she can be protected from radioactive contamination. One nuclear reactor can pollute half the globe,” the authors said. “Chernobyl fallout covers the entire Northern Hemisphere.”
The experiences of a teenage girl are far removed from those of a man approaching (cough) middle-age. Therefore I initially questioned my ability to engage and empathise with a novel narrated from the viewpoint of such a child, but thankfully I quickly set aside any misconceptions I might have had. From the first page; the first sentence, Abbott had me.
½ cup salad dressing
There is a moment, after Ruben has clearly become attached to Jacinta and her baby, when it looks as if he might lose her. They have stopped to eat at a roadside canteen and at the outdoor table which the drivers share, a young Paraguayan trucker strikes up a conversation with Jacinta in their own language. Ruben comes back from attending to his lorry to find both their places at the table vacated. Has she gone off with the other trucker? There she is: talking to him beside his lorry... Is she going to go off with him? No: in the next shot she and Ruben and the baby are back together on the road, behaving towards each other as before. We are glad, but I have to say I was also surprised. One gets so used to sensation in film, to plot twists geared for excitement, that I fully expected that she would go off with the other trucker, however disappointing that would be (and that possibly Ruben would get her back in the end). The fact that she didn't - that we simply shared Ruben's fear that she would, and the subsequent understanding that it was an irrational fear stemming from his growing emotional investment in her (ie, it was the clinching thing that showed to him he was falling in love with her; that was the point) - was infinitely more satisfying and true to human nature.
This sprang from the legend that he was a ghoulish vagrant who could go invisible at will, who delighted in catching and eating children that would not listen to their parents and ultimately stray into the woods....kinda like a Little Red Riding Hood deal.
Corbett is the aggressor, but then Cresswell shoots in and pushes him up against the cage. Jimmy is working the take down, but they are pretty much stalled on the cage. Now, Quin has Jimmy up against the cage. Both fighters are working to throw some knees.
Both of these will be fully announced at this years E3 expo on the 5-7 of June. With a month to go it is already shaping up to be a great year for the expo.
Talk about pressure! :) But you girls know me, and I'm proud to say that I'm halfway done with my shopping already! Woohoo!
Do You Wanna Dance
We were pretty much done eating by this point. Got another glass of wine and decided we would try to walk through the rest of the aquarium. Last time you could only go so far and then you were roadblocked. Guess what you guys! We could go through the entire aquarium. So cool! And guess what else?! There was more food! We did not know this and had missed some of the fabulous dishes that were back there. Next time, we will plan accordingly so we can throughly eat to our hearts content. However, we did get dessert in the form of chocolate covered strawberries to the 3rd power.
The flatback pearls and the ribbon and lace are from HobbyVision. Ladies thanks again for your visit and see you next time! I'm off going to sit in the garden. It is a staggering 29° C overhere in Holland and temperatures are still climbing! And thinking of Saturday when it was only 15° C in Holland! Crazy weather.
And the things I know
God will draw us to him, but to get closer to Him or more intimate with Him, then we
Mohamad Fazwan Yusoff (picture below left), 23, who sustained bruises to his face and left eye, said that he was about to leave Masjid Jamek when the police dragged him and assaulted him.
Bersih Melbourne. Bravo Malaysians!
…But look out for Clyde Oak because within a year or so we’ll be competition!! here we go.
Paper: red, black swirl, white
i forgive myself for accepting and allowing ‘rape’ to exist within me as an image of energetic satisfaction
The conference is fun, but use your chemicals in the approved areas. Misbehaving chemists will be thrown in the pool of Benzene Rings, so mind your carbon atoms. There will be lectures and whiskey.
On the basis of the relatively strong growth of the world economy since 2000, the eurozone appeared to become a success. But the growth was based on huge volumes of debt, which are now at the heart of the current crisis. Since the financial meltdown and economic recession of 2007-09, the eurozone is being subjected to a severe stress test – from which it will not emerge intact. At a certain point it will break up; but how long the process will take and through what permutations it will twist and turn cannot be predicted. The eurozone has entered its endgame, only the moves and timescale are uncertain
Row 7-9- repeat row 6, do not cut.
OCDVPDD. As christened by my very good friend Lizzie, "Obsessive-Compulsive-Disorder-Very-Precise-Detailed-Dots". As may have been mentioned previously (cough) I have a tendency to be slightly detail obsessed. So you can imagine the happiness I felt making this ring topper below. Its approximately 18mm diameter and has delicious quantities of fine stringers and dinky dots. Heaven.
Speaking of which...I had an extremely vivid dream a few weeks back that I was pregnant. Not only did I have the dream and wake up in a panic...when I fell back asleep, I had the same exact dream again. This dream was SO convincing that I went out and bought pregnancy tests. Whew! This was one time that I wasn't so disappointed to see that lonely one line on the result screen.
it’s shounen and shoujo with a lot of comedy and the story is hilarious so if you love a good fun read, this is for you.
20. Creativity bursts: Receiving images, ideas, music, and other creative inspirations at an often overwhelming rate.
I dont usually post before people recieve their things but as they going all over the world and they will get there at different times,i thought perhaps it was better if i posted first.....dont look any further if you want to be suprised....:)
Here’s April compared with the 5 prior months:
This will be a monthly hop hosted by Living In France and Bacon Time, for Etsy shops only. You will be able to link up to 4 pins for your shop! Get those pins ready, and we will see you soon for some wonderful repining, and fabulous free Etsy exposure.
Bring it….….bring plan B. Yeah I’m hacked off I can’t get to your posts like I want…..or even see my own during the day. That Sucks. But I rather like thinking that there’s open road to be enjoyed rather than dwell on bad memories. A full moon beats a cloudy day for sure. Even if its blue.
the sight of
Daddy’ll be painting it tomorrow, and then next week is your baby shower! So we’ll be able to decorate it some more. I already have quite a few things in mind on how to decorate, and what to do. You would love it if you were able to comprehend it. Hopefully it turns out as good as it is in my mind.
It was a good idea making the salad, cause Court loves stuff like that and also cause I got to make the salad dressing with the hand beater…have I mentioned that yet???
Here were four lads from Stoke-on-Trent who already this year have supported the Kaiser Chiefs on tour and played at the incredible SXSW Festival in Texas, and now, with just over one week to go before the release of their debut album, ‘Welcome Home’, All The Young had walked out for their hometown gig to well-earned rapturous applause. The band was on superb form right from the off, giving a performance that proved that this debut album tour was just the beginning of something huge.
I got my breakfast real quick, and drove down the street to Andreas. We were sitting up the garage sale between Andrea and Adela's house, on the little bike path inbetween. It worked pretty good. We lined either side with our stuff. I must say, my junk was a different class of junk from everyone elses. A lower class, that is - hehehe. We must be more rough on stuff, or maybe we started off with lower quality to begin with.
Leo then asked if I had passed anyone else on the trail on my way up the mountain. Again, like an Idiot, I nodded “NO” as further visions of hiker mutilations and large dogs chewing on femur bones rushed through my head.
From Fabergé to Cartier, the world’s greatest jewellery designers prefer working with ductile, versatile platinum. The precious metal is 95% pure, rare and enduring with a naturally white colour that never fades. It is because of these attributes that a platinum wedding ring is steeped in symbolism and is chosen by many to express their associations with eternal love.
Today husband took him for his afternoon walk and someone asked to take a picture of him.. apparently the fellow thought that Beau was pretty cute. I found that quite humorous as when husband first saw a photo of Beau online, before we bought him, he said that Beau was the ugliest dog in the history of the world, and said that I could have any dog but that one. But you know how these things go, and Beau came to live with us on December 30th, 2011. And wouldn’t you know that husband has fallen in love with him.
Gale @ That Artist Woman used Elmers galatic glue. I couldn't find it or her other recommendation: Elmers washable school gel glue at Walmart. (I wasn't about to make a special trip.) What I did find was Clear Gel Tacky Glue. I think what's important is that the glue is not for fabric and is in gel form. I tried using good ol' school glue, but it spreads once it's on the fabric, so stick with gel glues.
as I was feeling
I’m sorry, was I writing a blog here?
Then I tried installing from the INF file manually, that was no go, either.
Ward said one of the reasons why new legislation is needed is that other states have adopted stiffer penalties for cockfighting.
Instant lightheadedness followed by simple reply: yes, please.
I'm working on a commission (also an 18th century pair of stays...I'll post photos when I'm done), so progress on my own half-boned stays has been slightly slower than normal. However, I got all the boning channels sewn in... ...added the boning (I'm using German Plastic boning), tacked down the inner seams... ...and assembled the lining. All that remains is to hand bind the eyelets raw edges (this is most time and labor intense part of 18th century stays for me).
As usual, I've been neglecting this blog. I've been neglecting talking about work in general to be honest.
If you play along feel free to leave a link to your post.
As a music consultant, I push artists to keep a weekly and monthly overall log of their social media sites when it comes to friends, adds, likes, followers and what not as well as tracking their Alexa web ranking to show it hopefully going down as more people begin to keep up with the band. I also tell them to track their sales, their audiences and their show numbers.
After cmas morning the guys went golfing and the girls and kids went shopping. It was in general alright. However my little guy was TIRED....and the last thing he wanted to do was SHOP! So he screamed and cried all afternoon! YIKEs...I was about to pull my hair out!
Larry passes his class. Julia Roberts ditches her loser of a husband. They happily drive off into the horizon together. On a scooter. Where’s the depth behind the film? There is no depth to Larry Crowne.
~Playing with your big girl toys so much more now that you can sit
Premature fucking evacuation from a strange woman's shredded bed,
As I walk through my French door into my office, this is what I see ~ I love my sweet old fashioned reproduction of a phonograph player. I love to play French music on this.
So you can imagine my shock when the clouds and rain rolled in on Monday and didn’t leave until Thursday! Of course this is the exact same timing I had signed up the twins for ‘horse camp’. Club Hipico (Horse Club) is a couple block walk away from our casa and ever since Danika went to a birthday party there last month she has been talking about horses. Horseback riding is quite popular here (hmmm…do you think this might be because my kids go to a private school now?) Regardless, it seems Spanish and the price was good so I signed them up, although I am a little worried that this may be the start of an entirely new stream of money outflow.
Less is More.
The full dinner guest list, which includes Homeland star Damian Lewis, will be released this afternoon, after First Lady Obama previews the menu and entertainment during an event in the State Dining Room. CLICK HERE for links to all posts about the Camerons' Official Visit.
Sheesh, doesn't he know he needs an early night?!
Cecile M. Caguicla, 55, Boonton, N.J.
Alison(composes)
Same goes for Led Zeppelin. I would trade Robert Plant for Terry Reid any day, but without Bonzo, there’s no Zep. No Page, no Zep. No Jones, no Zep. Instead you’d have the New Yardbirds.
Who will decide who will be sitting on the appeal panel?
Bray got off the mark last week when they won the five goal battle with UCD. Drogheda were forced to settle for a share of the spoils in their goalless draw with rivals Dundalk, but did have to get the point having finished the match with nine men. Good chance for both sides to claim a win.
Rolling Stones-Big Hits (High Tides And Green Grass), Between The Buttons (US), Through The Past, Darkly (US), The Kinks- Kontroversy, Face To Face, Something Else, Village Green Preservation Society, Muswell Hillbillies, The Kink Kronikles, The Who- Sings My Generation, Sell Out, Live At Leeds (original), Who’s Next, Meaty Beaty Big And Bouncy, History Of The Dave Clark 5, The Ultimate Yardbirds, Small Faces (Deram), From The Beginning, Small Faces (Immediate),, Great Move- The Best Of The Move, Movements (box), The Troggs- Archeology, Frankie Valli & The Four Seasons- Anthology, Shangri-Las- Myrmidons Of Melodrama, Here Are The Sonics, Boom, Count V- Psychotic Revelation, The Seeds, Blues Magoos- Psychedelic Lollipop, Electric Comic Book, Basic, Beach Boys-Pet Sounds, Endless Summer, The Velvet Underground and Nico, Pink Floyd-Piper At The Gates Of Dawn, Meddle, 13th Floor Elevators-Psychedelic Sounds, Easter Everywhere, Blossom Toes- We Are Ever So Clean, Love- Forever Changes, The Association- Greatest Hits, The 5th Dimension- Everything on Collector’s Choice, New Colony Six- Best Of, Zombie Heaven, Odessey & Oracle, Mighty Baby, Bobbie Gentry- Anything without Glen Campbell, Tony Joe White- Swamp Music (box), Jefferson Airplane- Surrealistic Pillow, Volunteers, Captain Beefheart- Trout Mask Replica, Lick My Decals Off, Baby, Os Mutantes- Tecnicolor, Os Mutantes, Caetano Veloso- A Little More Blue, Emitt Rhodes, The Best Of Free Design (Cherry Red, though other comps are good, as are the original LPs), Serge Gainsbourg- Comic Strip, Jacques Dutronc- Completement Dutronc, Blue Cheer- Vincebus Eruptum, MC5- Kick Out The Jams, Stooges- Funhouse, Grand Funk Railroad- Live Album, Groundhogs- Split, Blue Oyster Cult- Tyranny & Mutation, Neil Young- Live Rust, Nick Drake- All 3 (or Fruit Tree), Kevin Ayers- Watevershebringswesing, Mellow Candle- Swaddling Songs, The Virgin Prophet, King Crimson- In The Court Of The Crimson King, Jethro Tull- Aqualung, Todd Rundgren- Something/ Anything?, Caravan- In The Land Of Pink And Grey, John Cale- Paris 1919, David Bowie- Hunky Dory, Roxy Music- For Your Pleasure, Focus- Moving Waves, Robert Wyatt- Rock Bottom, Neu!, Amon Duul II- Phallus Dei, Cluster- 71, Faust, Can- Ege Bamyasi, Kraftwerk- The Man Machine, Burning Spear- Marcus Garvey/ Garvey’s Ghost, Culture- Two Sevens Clash, Dread Meets The Punk Rockers Uptown (comp), The Modern Lovers, Ramones, Television- Marquee Moon, Adventure, Pere Ubu- The Modern Dance, Dub Housing, Damned Damned Damned, The Clash (UK), Wire- first 3, Ian Dury- New Boots And Panties, X-Ray Spex- Germ Free Adolescents, Magazine- Real Life, Buzzcocks- Singles Going Steady, Ultravox- Systems Of Romance, The Jam- Setting Sons, Joy Division- Unknown Pleasures, The Undertones, Gang Of Four- Entertainment, Doll By Doll- Remember, Gypsy Blood, Slits- Cut, Peel/BBC Session, Mekons- The Quality Of Mercy…, The Fall- (practically everything),
As we witness the demise of so many “solid” structures, systems and institutions, like governments, banks, media and Monsanto (yes, Monsanto, you are going down with ‘em!) … our bodies need to recalibrate to a different physical world. As unnerving as massive change may feel to our minds or emotions, our bodies are losing the surrounding stability of their native physical realm. Yes, we will still have bodies and still have some kind of physicality, but density levels make more difference to the body than to the soul, which has shifted dimensions many times without the body.
When stamping on any material, it's a good idea to iron it first to smooth out any wrinkles that would prevent you from getting a clean stamping. I also slip a piece of craft foam inside to cushion the stamping.
With cars and cans of aerosol
The Looking Glass
Graphic 45, a paper company we all adore, released the amazing Halloween in Wonderland collection earlier this year. This set of papers and tags took the original classic Alice illustrations by John Tenniel and recolored them in deep rich fall colors, added witch's hats, pumpkins and other spooky elements, and has probably been the most popular collection they've ever released! To celebrate all the inspiring artwork inspired by these papers, I thought it would be fun to display a series of these creations between now and Halloween!
I keep a key under my pillow, it’s quiet and it’s hidden
Those who have realized their power, who have let their light shine out to the world, they are the prophets in our human story. They are the beacons of moral development who blaze ahead into uncharted territories, showing us the way. They taught us myths when we knew only of the hunt and the cave. They taught us to love all our human brothers and sisters when we knew only of the love of kinship or the love of the tribe. They taught us science when we had turned our myths into facts. They taught us compassion when our hearts were filled with greed. They taught us humility when we knew that we were right. Buddha, Jesus, Mohammed- Martin Luther King Jr., Tenzin Gyatso the fourteenth Dalai Lama, Mohandas K. Gandhi- and how many others whose names are lost in the past, and how many more who will bless us in the future? They are out there among us as we speak, waiting to teach us the next lessons. They are the outliers on the bell-curve of moral development, those who have managed to evolve further than their peers, the bodhisattvas of humanity, hoping for the chance to lend us a helping hand as we labor to live up to our status as the radiant children of god.
"Sometimes in Winter" by Blood, Sweat, & Tears
On I go,
Loving: The unseasonably warm weather, makes me hopeful for a good summer!
But it was not to be.
I haven't decided if this will eventually/potentially include a link up, but if you're interested in this topic, please contact me!
The word count is just shy of 12,000 words so if this were a single piece of text it would be a novelette and although Andrew is keen to emphasise that each story should be able to stand on its own, and as some of them have appeared separately in print and online before this, there are three editors out there who obviously agree with him; I, on the other hand, read them straight through from beginning to end in the order in which they appear in the book and it is very hard not to see the stories as chapters: they follow a natural chronology and all revolve around the same three characters, Alan and his parents, Robert and Jean. Because of that it’s impossible not to feel a bit cheated as the narrative lurches forward through the years from Alan’s boyhood to manhood. There is much unsaid. There is much unsaid within the stories too. This is what started me thinking about how to describe the collection and I kept coming back to ‘understated’.
There's something luxurious and sensual--even sexy--about an unmade bed. Soft percale and a light cotton blanket, relaxed, unfussy, casual, inviting.
I have learned every once in a while, something happens… something little or something huge… that just smacks you in the face like a wet rag and says, “love & kindness are out there!”
6. Planet Queen- A great song featuring the classic T.Rex soulful chorus! The verses play on Hamlet’s famous soliloquy “to be or not to be” and Bolan’s reference to Shakespeare is very sweet and proves he was more than just a show boy.
taste of lemonade
She says they caught it early, and the doctors are very optimistic, so that's definitely a good thing - but still scary to go through.
How alone in the space that's still yours!
When you move away from the intoxicating apple cider to the woods, nature’s treasure trove awaits. From what I hear, northern New England is the best place in the world for leaf peeping. One can witness the foliage in its full glory. Hundreds of miles of winding roads and mountains lined by trees that are scarlet and yellow, russet and brown, make me want to make them my home. I want to bask in the beauty of colors, I want to store these memories in my mind, to keep me warm during the winter’s reign. If there is a heaven, probably this is it. Oh, Autumn! how I wish I were a poetess or a better writer for that matter, to explain truly, how you take my heart away!
funny how god works..
h enjoyed Hollywood and visiting all the family (Ontario, Michigan, New Jersey, British Columbia).
In the wake of an inspector general report that exposed wasteful spending in the General Services Administration, lawmakers are pressing the Obama administration about similar positions being vacant in several other agencies.
than much pure gold;
What are some spiritual goals I have accomplished, and what do I still want to get done?
23.EGG HUNT "We All Fall Down"
*For copyright reasons, Tuesdays with Dorie recipes have not been listed, but I plan to begin linking to the recipe as posted by the weekly challenge hosts, and will list the links here going forward. (April 21, 2009)
David Garcia, 40, Freeport, N.Y.
9. Pain relief without drugs or surgery.
What shall be said, then, of those who insist upon ignoring the question of slavery as not involved in this deadly feud, and maintain that the only issue is, the support of the government and the preservation of the Union? Surely, they are ‘fools and blind’; for it is slaveholders alone who have conspired to seize the one, and overturn the other. As long as the enslavement of a single human being is sanctioned in the land, the curse of God will rest upon it. That it may go well with us, let us break every yoke! It alters nothing to say, that the South is guilty of unparalleled perfidy and treason. Granted! By why overlook the cause of all this? That cause is SLAVERY!
People - EXACT MEASUREMENTS PLEASE. Also, don't just give up and tell me to "Enjoy!" because I won't.
As you all know, the film is very expensive at the moment. I took one photo (only slightly planned) to check if the camera worked. It did. I left it, and when I returned, I was not happy to see that the little number on the camera had flicked down to 8. A quick check of my sister's room solved this puzzle. She'd taken a photo of herself! Note to Alana: This is not the way to please your sister.
Deirdra: What do you hope readers will get from your books?
Build or Farming
But of course Sen. Paul feels there are separate but equal rules that his position entitles him to apply. Yes, Plessy V. Ferguson is alive and well. How sad that our poor old, sad old, dear old Rand was treated like any average American at the airport. I’m sure his unpleasant and bitter brew of tea at the airport will only give him the stamina he needs to go forward and strip away the 14th amendment to block folk from voting. After that, Rand can finally conquer and put a stop to the unstoppable Gay Agenda. Then he can get on to the business he was headed to Washington for when he ran afoul of the TSA, stopping women and ensuring they can’t be trusted with choices around their own bodies. He is kind of like a Papa Stalin.
Only 1% of the world’s water is fresh (not salt) and unfrozen and in a useable state. My teacher was right…. the water cycle moves this same water from the earth to the clouds to the earth again over and over. BUT when we take too much, in an unnatural way it causes the underground aquifers to run dry. In turn this dries up the lakes, rivers, ponds, etc fed by those unseen streams. This can (and has in many places) wreak havoc on the local ecosystems. It can also cause those aquifers closest to the oceans to become salty, making them unfit for our use.
When I started blogging I decided to have a separate blog for my weight loss journey, to chronicle my days, and give myself something to look back when I get to my goal. Hopefully it can be inspirational to others also.
Private space companies are already concerned that NASA lacks the discipline to serve an “open source” world. If NASA takes “a traditional approach,” said a Bigelow executive recently, “you’re going to get the traditional result, which is broken budgets and no flight hardware.”
We arrived to a hot and dry 90-degree Phoenix. Got our bags and caught the courtesy van to the Sheraton hotel, which was just 8 minutes away. Our room, 350 was nice and faced the inner courtyard with the pool area. We went directly to the bar and had dinner: Steak salad for me and a burger and fries for Tony.
Get Creative. The first step to putting together a portfolio that showcases your work is to start writing. If you’ve already been working as an intern at an ad agency, or have taken advertising and marketing courses, you’re halfway there. However, if you haven’t started yet, you’ll want to develop some spec ads on your own. Sit down and write some ad copy for a product or service that you’re already very familiar with – think food, drink, clothing, restaurants, etc. Now is not the time to try to learn about a new business. The key is to come up with some big ideas that will get the attention of the Creative Director at the agencies where you’re pitching your work. Once you have your headline and support copy written, partner with a graphic designer to have them create layouts that finish off your concept. This is essential – and if you don’t know any designers, then contact a design school to see if they can recommend someone who is in the same boat. You may need to look online to hire a graphic designer to do the work for you. It’s a small price to pay for a polished concept.
Welcome Back! You know what to do. Link up what you have been working on this last week. Please no spam :)
So, they logged into her facebook account and looked for whoever in her friends list was online. I was... then this happened.
As soon as I registered I started packing...and then the last few nights I changed my mind on some things and repacked a bit LOL!
Why pry-off caps? Here's what Boulevard Founder John McDonald has to say:
I am looking forward to giving this bedroom soft white walls. My poor Bobby can't understand why I was so bent on painting all the walls and covering them with wallpaper 17 years ago, and now I want to paint the light and white! I keep telling him... "EVERYTHING HAS A LIFE CYCLE... THINGS GET TIRED... THINGS MOVE TOWARD CHAOS, DISARRAY AND DECAY IF WE DON''T TEND TO THEM...EVERYTHING HAS A LIFE CYCLE!"
I thought this was a fantastic insight and it resonated with me as something I’ve experienced so many times in so many aspects of my life, be it Architecture or crafting or – dare I say it – even parenting. Sometimes the anticipation of a project turning out less than the perfect thing we hope for prevents us from attempting the project at all. It is very freeing to accept that a project will not be perfect. It will have compromises and changes and even errors. It will be as good as we can make it. And it will be less than we imagined. But!!! It will be more than the nothing we make if we don’t even try.
By him, or by his minions.
It comes from the intelligence of the heart
Once relegated to the depths of basements, laundry rooms have become functional and chic main-level spaces that include built-ins, organizational units, and fashionable home accessories. While they may be the place to wash and dry clothes, they can also include an ironing station, storage, a sink for other home chores, and even nooks for other household activities. Here are eight organized (and stylish) laundry rooms.
Meat consumption in the developed world needs to be cut by 50 percent per person by 2050 if we are to meet the most aggressive strategy, set out by the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change (IPCC), to reduce one of the most important greenhouse gases, nitrous oxide (N2O).
How did Dürer deal with counterfeits and infringers, in an era in which copyright had yet to be invented? The article explains:
Here's a closer pic of the bump:
Schell Snowstorm Ale (reviewed by DP)—Pours a light brown with a nice stable head. Clean but very faint malt on the nose. Faint spice. A tiny bit of astringency on this one too. Also a bit of a chemically finish. Rates 3 out of 10.
The Death Angels were nurtured on a steady diet of NOI theology — that whites were “blue-eyed devils, “white devils,” and “grafted snakes,” a wicked race that had been created anywhere from 1,000-6,000 years ago by an evil black scientist named Yacub. (The number of years and method of Yacub changes from one version to another.) Actually, “the Myth of Yacub” was ripped off from black journalist George S. Schuyler’s classic, 1931 racial satire, Black No More. Schuyler in turn had been influenced by H.G. Wells.
As you can imagine, that response did not quench my thirst for the knowledge I was seeking.
Good Day
His wiki page is a fascinating insight into a life in Labour. I don't know who wrote it, but I suspect old scores are being settled in a quiet little corner of the internet. I was unaware, for example, that David Clark MP was forced to apologise to the commons after meeting with Bosnian war criminal Radovan
They were no different in their deaths,
Jonathan Strange & Mr. Norrell - Susanna Clarke
It makes my heart break to read this statistic, let alone to write it down in big, bold letters, and when you add it to another recent statistic, that 24% of adults in the UK have the numeracy skills of a child of nine, or younger, then we are looking at a literacy/numeracy disaster which will affect coming generations in ways which are nearly too dreadful to contemplate. Except that we must contemplate it.
Siem Reap is like going to Disneyland. It's a town purely built around tourism. Sorry if it's a newsflash for those planning trips to Angkor Wat, but going there is not seeing the real Cambodia. It's like a dream being there. I'm not saying I look down on it or anything, because let's be real, after being at site with ramen noodles being the closest thing to western food that you eat for two months, I worship Siem Reap. The best western food I've had in all of Cambodia? Hands down in Siem Reap. It was rough calculating how much we spent just on food this weekend. All the money we've been saving by eating cheap Khmer food is suddenly gone, and has most likely appeared on my waistline.
"There is an urgent need to educate women that reproductive aging is irreversible and, more importantly that there are options to safeguard against he risk of future infertility," said Patrizio. "These techniques are valid options for women and should not be viewed as experimental," he added. "Doctors and health professionals must begin the discussion about fertility preservation in their patients and make certain that young women truly understand all their options
with treacherous hands
"She sent us a Dear John?" Corporal McSherry said.
I would have to say these are 95% as delicious as my normal week night burrito. I stuffed these leaves with refried beans (completely allowed on the diet, thank God), chicken, tomatoes, avocado, green onions, cheese and topped with a little hot sauce. To keep carbs down try shredding the cheese with a microplane, which makes a tiny bit of cheese go a long way.
boyfriends with accents,
Consider this: many parents want to send their children to private schools because they don’t like the idea of them mixing with commoner sorts. But by removing their children from mainstream education, they are contributing to the problem, making state school intakes less diverse, less representative of normal society. It then becomes a self-fulfilling scenario: other parents see on the one hand private schools full of beaming, well-dressed children with good teeth and a healthy attitude, and on other hand state schools full of dispirited youths lacking role models and with bad hygiene. That’s why there are so many mediocre private schools, whose purpose is to take the offspring of holier-than-thou parents and give them enough self-entitlement to ultimately be accepted by a Russell Group university, whilst shielding them from other, supposedly feral, children.
with rivers and lakes below us,
Nelly felt We’re not in 6th grade Ella, you can’t call dibs. Sure, he and I weren’t dating… yet. But I was convinced he’d realize how I’m his perfect match…eventually.
Long term dream – Clean the corruption from the city
"I had the pleasure of spending a very cool afternoon with many of these young people yesterday, and I can tell you that they are some amazing, positive people who will have an impact not just on the state of Hawaii, but on the rest of the world," Mrs. Obama said.
For my first play time with the new toys, I went for the starfish and seahorse cookie cutters. I had cookie dough left from my last round with tropical themed cookies so that saved time. I always try to make extra and keep in the fridge or freezer. Baked off a couple of dozen - ended up with two different seahorses - so I tried them both.
When God Was A Rabbit - Sarah Winman
Godlike erect, with native honour clad
If you desire your Beloved, then do not break anyone`s heart.
My gut feeling is that something is wanting in the documentary, something is missing. I think it lacks in stressing the dangers of the irrational present to the general public. It is not harsh and devastating enough. Dawkins approach is mainly that of a scientific one, as one might expect – he looks at why people tend to believe in the irrational (Skinner’s Pigeons), carries out controlled tests on dowsing and astrology readings, mentions repeatedly how science has advanced our species and way of life, and is genuinely interested in what the psychics have to say about their practices.
Due to the handmade nature of the product, no two pieces will ever look exactly the same. This product may vary in colors, motifs, shape, weight and size.
I can't wait to see if that theory holds weight.
"Teens who were always unschooled *know* things that other people don't know. My children, for example, know one can learn to read without being taught. They don't think it, kind of believe it, or have a theory about it. They know that it's possible to be honest and trust your parents. They know it's possible for a fourteen year old girl to hang out with her older brothers pleasantly and at their request. They understand why those with unlimited TV in their own rooms can go a long time without turning it on, or why they might want to leave it on to sleep. They have years of experience with the fact that someone with the freedom to choose to stay awake will get sleepy at some point and want to go to bed and sleep. They all understand when it's worth going to sleep even though fun things are going on, and they know how to decide when it's worth setting an alarm to get up.
1: Beginning. Very often the greatest hurdle to creativity is simply not knowing how, where or when to begin. “I don’t feel like I’ve finished living that enough,” Barkat says to a friend who is trying to encourage her to write this book. But, have we ever finished living our experiences enough to write about them? How would we know?
But I did it.
“When I was a girl, I was a little shy and afraid of talking to strangers. My grandfather, who is blind, helped me a lot about how to listen, how to know what others are thinking about through their words. Although he couldn’t see me, we could use language to change our throughts and I got useful knowledge from him that I had never heard before. Enlightened by my grandpa, I know language is an important tool to contact with others.”
That winner will receive our
I may run the poll again at a later date and see whether that percentage goes up. I promise that I won't cry if it doesn't :-)
There were curfews at the dorm and often Janice or myself would find something to engage useven if it was only talking too long at the bidges across campus, but we'd miss the door locking so one of our roommates had to come down the side steps and let us in. The signal was pebbles tossed at the window. We must have been on the 4th, top floor because I noted girls on 4B on the back of this photos, that was our dorm floor and section and we even had a jingle we sang, that went something like, "we are the girls of Section 4 B---guys never get in our way, so give a great big cheer for the section of the year, Section 4 B we're OK..." It got to be easy to reach that upper level and then again, our roommates came to expect it, we couldn't toss pebbles too high or we'd risk racket and breaking windows ans that would have blown our cover. This was all in prehistoric times, no cell phones, not even phones in our rooms, there was one phone a pay phone down the hall, no cars on campus and none of us had one anyway and rules, OMG the rules. Here I was looking forward to freedom from Mom's iron hand and there I was in a girls dormitory which could have been run by nuns. It was strict. To make matters worse, the floor warden, who was a senior lived right next door to us and so although our room was near the stairway, she often had her door open and that challenged sneaking in and out. I suppose she knew the tricks and had been through this same freshman shenanigans. Janet my roommate was the least devious of all and would let me know that the next time I was late I could not count on her to sneak down the stairs and let me in, Janet always threatened to leave me outside till morning but she never did. And she was never late, ever. We are still friends, in touch with each other, she was Steve's Godmother, and is still teaching French at a private school and lives with her husband near DC. Don"t know what ever happened to Janice or Ann.
-What is past is prologue.
The day of love is just around the corner and it’s never too early to starting getting ready for it! Let DFW Flowers help you this year!
There is a button that you can grab, over there on the left...
8:30 help youngest locate the toothpaste,get out of the way while 6 kiddos rotate in and out of the way to brush teeth and hair.
– I really liked the setup for this event. Good job all around by the department of athletics. As always, quality cookies are an easy way to please the masses.
From a discourse in figurative speech
Exsoteric: And finally - if you were (or indeed are) to design a dress for Kate Middleton, what would it look like and why?
and we decided to lure them
once had an episode where Monica was stung by a jellyfish and Joey remembered that urinating on the sting would soothe the pain. This was a situation for comedy—as the show was a sitcom, after all—but it still helped to propagate the myth that peeing on your friends is a good idea during the right situation. It's not. Mark Leyner and Dr. Billy
The world that Ahmed presents is clearly derived more from the lands of the Middle East and North Africa than the usual Western Europe analog. As someone who lives in the semi-arid American West and spends a lot of time in deserts, I love to see such lands portrayed in fantasy – especially when they take much of their mythological inspiration from traditions I’m less familiar with. Though Ahmed uses the lands of North Africa and the Middle East as a template to build from to great effect, he grows things into his own creation using tools such as monsters that feel different from those typically seen fantasy and the ruins of a long dead,
One thing that travels well are these small containers of Camargue Fleur de Sel, so I made sure to bring home a few extras to giveaway here on My French Corner.
the smell of suntan lotion
Well, we tried to listen to our bodies...
Anywhere. Anytime.
"I had to do it," Griffin said. "My life was incomplete. My son's life was incomplete."
2 Vine Tomatoes cleaned and cut into bites
As soon as the right exit turns out, a lot of people sometimes stick to this unique producer for these future. Indeed, they will even usher in friends and relatives on the fold, as it were, to keep such procuring inside of the relations. This is
5) Pass the award on to 10 blogs and link to them
Thanks for stopping by today. I hope you are enjoying your weekend.
My full story will be published on EI soon, including new revelations about the case, and its implications for the government’s Prevent “anti-terrorism” strategy. Meanwhile, here is the judge’s decision (a scan of the full document is forthcoming, but this extract is essentially the bottom line).
I had a personal day this past Tuesday and did very little aside from running 7 miles. I have been working on getting back to running like I used to. It is not much fun to be out of shape.
And now I have just finished my Electric Rock socks, which speak to me of sunshine and pumpkins, and glow quite magnificently as I stand in my stockinged feet. I don't think that I have ever knitted quite such a joyous pair of socks, which peek out between blue jeans and black Converses in a rather anarchic way which makes me smile to look at them.
Anytime I see him smile I can’t help but smile and coo back. It just makes my heart melt a little! A baby’s smile is totally contagious!
The advent of inexpensive Japanese 4-cylinder machines only a few years after the introduction of the Mammut meant that sales were based on bespoke build quality, excellent handling, exclusivity, and charisma in spades - all of which the mass-produced motorcycles lacked. The Japanese 4s did have power though, and to keep ahead, Munch regularly tuned his engines to higher outputs, eventually turbocharging the fuel-injected motor with the 'Titan' model. I'd be interested to try one of them too!
“Good boy!” she cooed without touching him, “Now go back to work Dilip. Mommy will give you more morsels when you come back with her letters.”
Hageman J, Shulman S, Schreiber M, Luck S, Yogev R. Congenital tuberculosis: critical reappraisal of clinical findings and diagnostic procedures. Pediatrics 1980; 66: 980-984.
"An important reference has been made ... by the District Court of The Hague in the Netherlands. It essentially asks whether the District Court can issue cross-border injunctions for patent infringement under the provisions of Regulation 44/2001 on the Jurisdiction and the Recognition and Enforcement of Judgments in Civil and Commercial Matters.
on poor people?
I hate Cystic Fibrosis. Hate it.
14. Philadelphia 76ers
The pragmatic philosopher celebrated what makes us most human. Dewey encouraged every American student to explore his literal and figurative neighborhood, “just local, just human, just where we live.” Indeed, the original name for pragmatism, as coined in 1898 by Dewey’s faithful correspondent and friend, William James, was “practicalism.”
to the far outposts of Florida hoping
in alphabetical order, are put online. Last week was the A’s; this week has been the B’s. At that rate, my CSE maths makes a completion date of May 2017. It’s a well-designed site that looks like a real record collection and it allows sight of the front and back covers, the inner sleeve plus Peel’s own index cards. My initial excitement has been tempered though by discovering it’s not possible to listen to the actual records. Where the records are available on Spotify there is a link (okay if you have Spotify) but other than that it’s just looking at record sleeves. I suppose complicated licensing issues are at the root of this but making a record collection available to look at is a little pointless. Such legalities aren’t usually abided to by the users of YouTube so that’s a good second stop, and where I listened to stuff from the couple of mid-70s soulful disco LPs by Ace Spectrum. It is also a shame it’s not possible to zoom into the sleeves. Despite those frustrating grumbles it’s still a way to fritter away hours searching for new music and a reminder of Peel’s anything goes taste.
It seems everyone these days is talking about saunas. They are more popular than ever, with many people being exposed to them for the first time in their health club, weight lifting gym or at school. No matter what people find out about saunas, one thing is clear: People want their own sauna at home!
Baking Soda - 1/2 teaspoon
Don Juan. Casanova. Libertine. Ladies’ man. We call him many things these days, all names with an element of fabulosity and flair rather than flawed falsehood. Romance novels often glamorize and immortalize this foul fellow: Womanizer, play-boy, lecher, rake, rogue, cad. He sounds fascinating and fiery, free-thinking, and fearless.
Forgiveness.
Greedy for even more sacred knowledge, I sifted through journal abstracts in Google Scholar until I uncovered this nugget. If you can make it through the medical jargon, you will be duly rewarded:
The women clip around in sensible high heels, blouses tucked into their fitted pencil skirts. It’s the sea of monochrome, mostly black and grey, accurately capturing my despondent mood as I survey my clothing pile back in the apartment.
Mr. Papoutsis’resignation caused today’s mini reshuffle. A reshuffle that caused a lot of speculation not so much for the “new arrivals” but for what it means in connection with the national elections that are often spoken of but not for a specific date.
TONIGHT!
Happy Monday all-I pulled a 16 hour day!
Talk about a gift for Bob who loves to see how things work! It closed right after we left.
The Holy Bible (New International Version) 1978.
Penguin is coming along in learning to write numbers out. She really likes it when she gets to color on math handwriting worksheets. The six pennies are colored "rainbow-styled," the two pennies are "soccer pennies," the three pennies are "winter pennies" and the five pennies are "Christmas pennies. She was quite proud of herself.
Now for the patterns!
It turns out you need to cut into a mango in a very specific way. Even if you research how to do it correctly online, you will fail. Well, if you’re me. I’m almost certain this is a strange flaw of mine that isn’t too common.
And then when I start thinking about having to leave her, I feel weepy. How can I just leave? How can I return to my "normal" life while she's half a world away? I absolutely love Ben and Eli, and I know that I'll be ready to see them - but how do I leave my daughter? How do I come back and celebrate Christmas with our families without curling up in a ball in the corner because I'm overwhelmed with sadness?
I can't understand
SIMILAR MOVIES: Not a movie, but remember the carjacker scene from Six Feet Under? The one that traumatized the gay son (who went on to play Dexter in the series Dexter)? This movie is a lot like that. Not quite as intense per-minute, but way longer.
Postmarked 14, 1952
"...he was doin this old crazy thing, with this one strand of wire, he wasn't lettin' me lose him nowhere; now, how he was catchin' me on that one strand of broom wire I don't know! But he was doing it all right. He could play that string of wire with a bottle, if he didn't do it with his finger he'd do it with a little old piece of leather on his finger or something he'd pick it with. But on that one strand of wire on that board he could find whatever I was playin' on that guitar. Now that was somethin' I sure hated to lose. Yeah, I hated to lose Jody because it just was a crazy old thing". The last thing Jimmy Reed heard about his old busking partner "Jody" was that Duncan had taken up preaching in California. He hadn't seen Willie Joe since 1955 when Duncan left Chicago for the coast, taking his crazy, one stringed instrument with him. Having settled somewhere in the greater L.A. area, in 1956, Duncan recorded with Bob "Froggy" Landers appearing on Landers' classic-- Cherokee Dance (Specialty), his rockin', distorted, Unitar was the most predominate instrument on the record. On the b-side was Unitar Rock which was credited only to Willie Joe & his Unitar. It's a classic of instrumental rock'n'roll, proving, less is more...but we already knew that. Bob "Froggy" Landers would go on to make one more record-- River Rock parts 1 and 2 for Ensign on which he is backed by a band called the Cough Drops, but Willie Joe was nowhere to be heard.
I can show you how to reprogram your mind for this and you will find all of the strategies and tools for this simple but effective concept in my eBook called “The Weight Loss Motivation Bible”.
