bayleaf -1/2
You are my morning reward.
Echo and I have had a busy few weeks. She's coming back into work fairly consistently now which is very good, and I'm trying to believe that the fact that the saddle doesn't look like it fits her quite as well as it did when I bought her is just a 'settling in' issue. It's only when I first put it on - after I've ridden in it, it looks perfect, so I'm going to ignore it for a little while and hope it goes away!
To celebrate my birthday, I drove down to the Twin Cities for a birthday weekend extravaganza with my friend Carissa who was celebrating a birthday on Sunday. On Saturday, we met up with a few other people and strolled around Ikea and the Mall of America for the entire day. So much fun! While at MOA, we had dinner at a restaurant called Crave. It was beyond yummy! As appetizers, most of us opted for sushi. Drumroll… I tried a new food for the month. I’ve never had sushi, so I thought Saturday was as good of time as any to try it. I got a California roll, which has snow crab, cucumber, and avocado.
Anyway, this card is for the ff challenges:
It’s true. I’ve been a little obsessed with Ben & Jerry’s this summer. I’ve never even been a huge ice cream person but for some reason, I can’t get enough. So far, I’ve sampled:
there were no lines,
He said it could be months before researchers analyze the proposal and send it to the U.S. Board on Geographic Names for a decision.
The other names my mom calls me when she’s being cute.
Now then, this seems like the perfect moment to announce the winner of Iza's book. I must say, there were some very entertaining poems in Monday's comments! Some of them were more entertaining then they were intended to be (Penny!) and we all had a good laugh :)
Please raise raise a pint of true session beer with me on April 7th, and hopefully many more session beers after that day.
Thanks so much for visiting me today - enjoy your weekend! My hope is that you get some creative time to play - Jen
In truth, both women were probably just average teenagers who could not be simplified as either all good or all bad but because they were two attractive women, there was great allure in creating a scandal instead of a pursuit for the truth. Had these been middle aged men, would the same furore have ensued?
The premise here is that Scotland was infected with the Reaper Virus, which spread like crazy, turned people nuts, and then killed them. The British government put up a wall and locked all the Scottish inside to quarantine the virus. The last person out is a little girl, who only got out because a soldier jumped down to offer her his seat. Twenty-seven years later, the little girl is all grown up. She’s a bad-ass cop and looks just like Rhona Mitra, so when it’s discovered that the Reaper Virus has reappeared inside London, Prime Minister Hatcher (Alexander Siddig) and his right hand man, Canaris (David O’Hara) ask Top Cop Bill Nelson (Bob Hoskins) to send his best man into Scotland to look for a cure, his only real option is Major Eden Sinclair.
2 tablespoons of unsalted butter, melted and cooled for the coating
Well-- if you display it for all to see, suddenly, it's everyone's business. lol
“We’re the oldest rescue mission in the Southeast and the sixth oldest in the entireUnited States,” she said.
John Boutte's live at Jazz Fest 2010 CD. And a new winter coat.
Keep wondering…
Dogfish Head 60 Minute IPA
The article quotes Traficant's statement on, you guessed it, his Saturday afternoon talk show on Clear Channel talk WTAM/1100 in Cleveland.
1095 **D-XI/29/(B)/1990. “Legal Reasoning and Moral Standards: On Aristotle’s Rhetoric.” The School of Law, Wake Forest University, Winton-Salem, North Carolina. (Incorporated in Item C-1992(2), pp. 685-99.)
2. I graduated from Stanford University. OK, so it was only the radio broadcast class, not one of those fancy degrees, but I got certified, then hosted and co-hosted a variety of radio shows there including Life Songs From the Land of the Dead (goth/industrial) and Blood and Donuts (a morning metal show that was guaranteed to wake you up). My longest show was 12 hours straight, 6pm to 6am.
That means 32 million more people will be tipping the scales in the wrong direction, costing the country billions, according to the study, appearing online May 7 in the American Journal of Preventive Medicine.
Linda's Bakery opened yesterday on Snowden River Parkway, and you should make an excuse to go try another spot for sweets in Howard County.
‘”You’re nice.”, he said looking at my eyes as if he meant it. The music was turning softer and without realizing, I was dancing to the slow tunes.
Michigan Governor Rick Snyder gained public support and university frustration when he put a ceiling on public university tuition inflation in last year’s Michigan state budget. This year, he’s going one step further in an ongoing attempt to keep college costs down.
Lower heat to a gentle simmer. With a large slotted spoon, skim off any scum that may rise to the top (scram! you scum you!).
What do you do with your needlework once it's been finished?
manuel...the MITM is not hiring out, but will be glad to advise on color selection!
Several years ago I heard an Elementary School Principal state that 99.9% of a student’s success in school is based upon their attendance to class. He said that when a student is absent they miss an important opportunity to learn and grow. We have no problem in seeing to it that our children are present every day in school. We are proud when they have “perfect attendance” for a school year. A great accomplishment!
“In the sixth month, God sent the angel Gabriel to Nazareth, a town in Galilee, to a virgin pledged to be married to a man named Joseph, a descendant of David. The virgin’s name was Mary. The angel went to her and said, ‘Greetings, you who are highly favored! The Lord is with you… You will be with child and give birth to a son, and you are to give him the name Jesus.’”
For example, years ago I decided to create a Web-based employee handbook my then-employer could put on the company Intranet. I worked on the project at home and a few managers liked it but our HR manager hated it… so it died an inglorious death. Bummer. I was disappointed but the company wasn’t “out” anything, and soon after I was selected for a high-visibility company-wide process improvement team because now I was “that guy.”
You know it's bad when you are getting dressed and you start by clipping on your bra and you say the silent mantra:
#3: Jessica Sanchez
Oh well. I just hope the next time Gordie decides to run his yap about human rights or torture or democracy or blah-blah-freakin’-blah, somebody in the press calls him on his first-order bullshit. Yeah, that’ll happen…for sure.
Title: The Girl Who Fell from the Sky
And squeezed his belly to make him poo.
tonight is the first snow of the season; it is beautiful it has been super cold though ...like ungodly cold! I plan on writing mr.frost a very strongly worded letter!
Even as a single girl, Valentine's is one of my all-time favorite holidays. I mean really, how can you go wrong on a day that is all about Love? Love of family, of friends, of yourself. I hope you all spent the day happily, and felt loved and special at least once - even if it was when your furbaby snuggled up to you or the bliss of a really good taste of chocolate.
ROCKY DAWUNI (@ KEY CLUB)
FULL PLR MASTER RESELL LICENSE
Another unbelievably naive Leftist theory purporting to explain conservative psychology that has become popular in recent years claims that conservatives have a "social dominance orientation". I will however refer readers elsewhere for a discussion of that particular piece of projectivity.
A third means of pacing control is lexical. This should be inherent to all poems, and occurs when the poet’s word choice is determined in part by how difficult or lengthy the word is to read, as well as the semantics and semiotics of it (or indeed the euphony of it).
So, perhaps this blog will morph into a place for me to practise my photography. Scary enough to make me really consider what I'm doing before I share, but not stifling like work can be. Play, but public.
Heather Draper – Tricia Guild is a huge inspiration, lately Kelly Werstler inspires me...not with their work perse but with their absolute confidence in their aesthetic, which has shown me a level of artistry can and should be achieved in interior design. From a mentor perspective, I must mention Jacqueline Corea of CoreaSotropa Design in Calgary, who I was lucky enough to meet as a little volunteer at the 2001 Calgary Designer Showcase, I have always admired her talent and the way she carries herself, I want to be her when I grow up!
This is a team built around doing it the right way: outwork your competition, study harder and be smarter. Don't be dirty, don't cheat. Don't say or do stupid things away from the field or on it. Be pleasant to the media: give them your time as well as being available for the fans. And win and lose as a team, not as individuals.
We pretty much won the game the first half and Kansas came back to trail by 9 I think in the second half. When the buzzer hit 0.0 and the confetti fell over the Championship team, the players hugged, and the crowds both there and here roared, Michael and I couldn't stop clapping and smiling and hugging. At this point, the gym had been closes for nearly an hour- we stayed to finish the game.. Turning off all the lights, locking the doors, and leaving the one out of seven TV's on.
But Anyway going back to people… I believe that people are all the same in some ways. Men, women, girls, boys. We are all the same.Age doesn’t matter because we are all the same. The maturity of us have gone through similar things and delt with similar problems. I think that is why I hang out with people that vary in age. My one friend Ruti is 25, and I hang out with her just like I would hang out with any other person. I think that age doesn’t matter. It doesn’t matter when you really love someone and they are apparently “too old” for you or just have a close bond. My mother always says, “once you turn 21 it all doesn’t matter. I don’t understand that because what if people don’t drink when they turn 21? they are the same people they were when they were 20. It doesn’t matter to me about age. When I have children, (if I do) I won’t mind that my son or daughter is hanging out with older people. As long as they are happy, that is all that should matter. I believe that if you hang out with older people you are less likely to get into any trouble. When I was hanging out with younger kids I felt like I was at greater risk because I was the oldest and they wouldn’t get in trouble and i would.
file cksum expected actual
It now appears, following an Information Commissioner's ruling against Nottingham City Council, that officers failed to fully disclose documentation relating to the campaign.
I would forget I was called to set the standard;
8 km by 4 krn, Dal lake has a total area of 26 sq km. At Dalgate, a gate lets out the lake water to prevent it from floods. Dal has three islands ;Ropa Lank popular as Char-Chinar was built by Prince Murad, son of Emperor Shah Jahan in Lokut Dal (Smaller Dal). Sona Lank at the south end was rebuilt by Afghan governor Amir Khan Jawansher (1770-76), in Bod Dal (Bigger Dal). Nehru Park is an island just few yards away from the road side near Shankar Acharya hill.
As always, a printable recipe is at the bottom of this post.
We’re also talking about the potential that anyone else working for these programs who is in one of these facilities, which could either be underground or possibly off-world, such as in a space station, on the Moon or elsewhere… is now totally alone and unguarded.
Another misconception of the low exhaust is the effect on tyre temperature. It’s possible the exhaust does affect the inner shoulder of the rear tyres, but this may well be an effect teams want to discourage. Any tyre heating will certainly be secondary benefit of the system and the sole reason for going with low exhausts. Its interesting to note Red Bull have run a fence on the floor between the exhaust and rear tyre. This probably helps keep unwanted heat from the tyres. But in Canada, where tyre temperatures were, this fence was removed. It could be that the tyre heating effect could be a tuneable parameter, by varying the heat shielding around the coke bottle area.
It says, "Thanks! OWL never forget all you've done for me!" You can find it in my previous post, here. I probably should've made the print a little bigger, but it would probably be fine on a decent printer. I don't have one of those.
OneCry.com has a booklet of prayers called Praying for Spiritual Awakening. In it there are prayers written out that can be prayed first for ourselves, then our families, our church and the nation.
And although nothing has been proved, Rice-Davies is best known for coming up with the quip, ""Well, he would, wouldn't he?". This has become SO popular a phrase in Britain, more commonly known as "Well he would say that, wouldn't he?"
This probably sounds confusing......I am not good at explaining things without the use of pictures or showing you "hands on" but if you have a ipod or droid, try it!!! It's easy to learn! By the way, my username is tkogut, so if you want, draw something for me and I will do the same for you! Let's play!
the crockpot. I just put it on the stove because I was in a hurry that day. But if you
My dad was forced to go on disability because there was no way he could function in his previous job. He was stripped of his "normalcy" and now his art was to become his primary focus. Can I tell you just how amazing this was? The doctors stated there wasn't a better therapy for his brain recovery than drawing. It forces his brain to stay active and think in higher functioning patterns. My dad shares that when he's drawing he often forgets his limitations and frustrations and states this is the time when he feels closest to God.
Mind that the guide has a few swears and some dirty-minded references. So reader discretion is advised. But really, when does that ever stop you from reading something? When discretion is advised, it always makes me want to read it more!
For example, I think one thing that gets brushed over when we connect electronically is other people’s reactions. We don’t get that immediate feedback of another person’s emotional response. It is easier to say harsh or inappropriate things when we don’t see a look of hurt or anger or shock on another person’s face. But it doesn’t mean it isn’t there. Just because you can’t see the reaction of the other person, just because you may be separated by distance or time, they will still have it.
My hair is really thick and frizzy, but it gets greasy if I don't wash it every morning. Often, I get a buildup of shampoo and conditioner that makes it feel unclean, even when it's not. I've avoided going without shampoo though, because I'm afraid of the transition period- 2 weeks to 2 months of greasy hair while it gets used to being shampoo-free.
‘‘(B) is able to demonstrate to the Director of National Intelligence that such provider or such entity can appropriately protect classified cyber threat intelligence.
So, (while I'm driving mind you) I begin to fumble around the side pockets of the purse. That's where I usually put the damn thing and I can't feel it. Therefore, I try the inside next. However, my purse is one of those "black hole" purses that seem to go on forever on the inside. Think Mary Poppins....pulling everything out but the kitchen sink. I'm trying to concentrate on driving, my hand feels nothing that resembles my cell phone so I decide to give up and look more thoroughly when I'm parked.
Lava Dome architecture kit Beat Donkey Kong at Bedrock Dome
2. Keane
Personally, I like social media and find it an important tool to connect, build and maintain relationships, share, and also relax and have fun online.
4. Make a cleaning schedule (type or write and put on a clipboard), matching days to tasks. I try to have my spring cleaning complete in one week. It takes an additional week to clean the outside of my home (power-washing, wash window screens, weeding, preparing the garden, cleaning out the garage, cleaning out the car, etc.)
That being said though, I have been known to read Autobiographies and do enjoy them
She lets me cry and be selfish. But only to a point, then she gives me a swift kick in the pants.
To begin this project you will need the following:
If Manchester United win the Premier League title then they will have deserved it. This seasons Manchester United’s team may not be the best in the history of the club but they deserve the crown just for their spirit and doggedness.
1. Melody of the Plains
you slip him into your pocket
By the way, there is another Epicentre magazine. Though being American they are EpicentER whereas we are EpicentRE. A small distinction but an important one. Not least because you'll be sending your work to the wrong place if you don't check you're at the right site.
From Tchaikovsky’s The Nutcracker to Moore’s "A Visit from St. Nicholas" to Field’s “The Sugar Plum Tree,” this delectable treat is, by far, a healthier indulgence than what can be expected in the remaining weeks of 2011. I used coconut flour in place of the powdered sugar as coating, but each piece is still two bites of heaven.
woman," she says now. "If you have a subject matter for a song, you
1 moment
Why have I felt so much guilt and shame as I struggle and continue to fail?
If you are interested in this or any other merchandise, please help support this blog by purchasing them through the Amazon portal at the top of this page. By accessing Amazon through this site, you help me maintain resource material and continue to share my love of classic film. Thank you very much.
Recently this desire has been brought to the front of my mind. There is a constant nagging, a continuous reflection, serious thought towards making some actually progress. Last week while I was playing with one of my horses, I was suddenly hit with the fact that I have great stories to tell. This new belief caused me to take action. I researched writing software, then compared the three top prospects and choose the one I felt was simple enough for me.
Forcefully removed
This beer delivers great taste at a great price. Another masterpiece from Bell's.
What is Gestational Diabetes?
Anyway, spent a bit of time relaxing in my crafty room when I got home.
who always satisfies you in everything,
FRIDAY MAY 4TH @ 11PM 19+ID
I often find myself thinking about the good times we’ve spent together ….
I don't know. I don't even remember your name.
Unfortunately, history almost repeats itself with another crazy assassin. Four months into his term, a disgruntled 72 year old man by the name of Michael Mahoney fired a shot at Mitchel at City Hall. But unlike his predecessor Gaynor, the mayor was not hit and he and his entourage wrestled the disturbed man to the sidewalk.
Myth #1 – Introverts don’t like to talk.
Email me your address at (areese10@gmail.com), and I'll mail you the book!
Have a wonderful day! It's almost Friday!!!
Of course I went mainly for the Tolkien and Lewis exibits and I've was on seventh heaven. I think I was geeking out more than my kids were.
Finally, there is an amazing book you can do called The Artists Way by Julia Cameron.I highly recommend it.It is a 12-week self-lead creativity seminar in the form of a book.It’s brilliant.You don’t have to move to LA to do it.In fact, it would be a good thing to do if you are thinking of moving to LA.It might give you the answers you need.It was through doing The Artists Way that I was inspired to make my movie LolliLove.I completely credit this book with giving me the tools and courage I needed to complete that project (a project that took over 4 years to finish.)And I credit LolliLove with giving me the confidence and practice with the mockumentary style that lead me to landing my job on The Office.
I am so glad that I found a moment or two to write a post tonight.
each bin got an age; newborn, 3-6 months, 6-12 months, 12-24 months, 2T, 3T, etc....
in the night
From the top of the mountain, you can see the Continental Divide, the Elk Mountain range of the Rockies and a glimpse of the famous Maroon Bells. Called "fourteeners", each of the Maroon Bells is over 14,000 feet high.
They were well dressed, both in jeans, and their faces were unmasked.
Hi everyone, Happy Easter, and Happy Passover.
Back home to help the youngest with his Pre-algebra homework for the next hour, got dinner prep work together so that I could head to a 5 o’clock fitness class and then scoot back to finish dinner.
I guess that's all that counts.
Next up the minotaur, who has opened countless doors before, tried his standard method of charging the door, but dare I say, he toorolled a natural one. This was no ordinary door! The minotaur lost his footing and hit the door wrong, bruising his shoulder and causing him to sit down for a moment to recover. The mighty door remained locked.
You've got a big mouth on a very tiny fat head,
Chicken leg quarter
Well...that's not exactly true. This is one of those instances of "What Books are in the Bible?" Some of what the Catholic church teaches on praying to Saints and Purgatory is based on what the Protestants call the "Books of the Apocrypha." Thus, in the Early Reformation, you have the Catholic Church saying, "Okay, you want to play the Sola Scriptura game, fine. Here are the Scriptures on which which we base this. See 2 Maccabees 12: 42-46." To which the Protestants responded, "Well, we'll just tear out those books from the Old Testament! Voila! See you have no Scriptural Warrant!" At which point, the conversation broke down.
Robert Tannehill wrote, “The healing of the paralytic both discloses the nature of Jesus’ mission and acquaints the readers with the type of person Jesus’ helps. The man is not only physically handicapped; he is a sinner. It is assumed that the release of sins is the key to recovery for him.” And others say the same thing. The sin had to be dealt with. The Pharisees and Lawyers would have this man remain in his prison. Jesus sets him free. Jesus did, after all, come to proclaim the year of the Lord’s favor, to set captives free, and release those in bondage from their oppression. (Luke 4:18)
Punk Rock Bowling and Music Fest
Wouldn’t this be a far more worthy cause to march about than march to get stuff you deliriously think should be given to you for free?
I want my followers to feel free to express their opinion(s) to things I say on my blog. If I didn't want comments, I would not allow them. At the very least, if you disagree with something someone has left in a comment, please reply ON the blog so that all can see. It opens up a lively conversation and does not make someone feel as though they do not have the right to have an opinion and comment.
Derrick is choosing a smart path in testing out different frying techniques. Christine is having issues with her mandoline, and I feared for her fingers for a minute. Everyone else seems to start lighting fires in their pans as they fry. (I originally typoed “fires in their pants”, which would have made it a totally different kind of show). Finally, time starts getting counted down, everyone struggles with making the silly paper cone Whitney served her fries in, and then it’s time to taste everything!
I have no idea what to think of the Jets right now because they haven’t drafted yet. Like all of us we need to see the picks. and the remaining free agents.
'How is it decided whether a person is a comrade or not? We've noticed that RFG has started referring to Kenrick as "Mr" Radix, while others are still referred to as "comrade".'
“We are here to make things difficult. We believe we can win the title.”
Soul Typecast by The Jon Spencer Blues Explosion
happy to play on the presets, using the same noises & synths that everyone else does. Or you can break out into a better territory, learn how to put your own sounds together and make new and fresh sounds that sound nothing like anyone else.
Given the mysterious boot failures of the last few weeks, I need regular and reliable access to my laptop. Yet since the Mac Mini failed last summer, the laptop has been commandeered for streaming video in the living room. It seems the time had come for (the cheapest possible) Mac Mini replacement. I found a refurbished desktop without an OS at Geeks.com, and while it had an Ethernet adapter, I thought I'd like to have wireless capability. (There's just no convenient way to run Ethernet cables between the "office" and the living room.)
Spaced and Community also love to dive head first into pop culture references, whether it be when Spaced ended its second last episode with a detailed Empire Strikes Back homage, or Community’s brilliant near episode length parody of Goodfellas. I think it goes without saying that both also feature episodes that are action movie parodies centred around over the top paintball games. We could literally debate for minutes as to whether Spaced’s war movie inspired paintball episode was greater than Community’s post-apocalyptic paintball scenario.
Crossing Clapham Road we made our way to the Surprise, just off Larkhall Park. A Youngs' pub, it fits the tag of a local boozer right down to the tumbleweed moment as the door creaked open and all eyes turned to us. Could this be another killer blow to the crawl?
The efficiency and intricacies of this Akshaya Patra program has attracted the Harvard Business School to make a case study of it. The practices of corporate governance in Akshaya Patra has attracted the CNBC India Business Leader Award-2008 under the category ‘Society Enterprise of the year’. The transparency and accountability has attracted ‘ICAI Award for Excellence in Financial Reporting’ conferred by The Institute of Chartered Accountants of India for the year ended March 31, 2009. The leveraging of technology in education sector has earned itself the coveted Tech Awards Laureates 2009, as one of 15 global innovators recognized each year for applying technology to benefit humanity and spark global change. The Tech Awards, a signature program of The Tech Museum, and presented by Applied Materials, Inc. USA, selected Akshaya Patra from among hundreds of nominations representing 66 countries. These are just a few of the several accolades received by this program which has attracted leaders in business and politics all over the world as a model.
Step 9: Clean up your mess. If there’s enough cheese on the floor to have covered more than a single pizza, get someone else to clean it up for you. By this point you should have reached at least 500 pizzas.
In the year 2000 Google announced on their website that they have released the Google Mentalplex – Which was Google’s new ability to search the internet by reading your mind. When someone attempted to use this feature it would display one of 11 different error messages similar to “Error 666: Multiple transmitters detected. Silence voices in your head and try again.” or “Error 01: Brainwaves received in analog. Please re-think in digital”. This turned out to be an April fools joke and the tradition has been kept up ever since, I have included a few examples from 2000 onward -
A damning conclusion from the Committee. Rupert not their cuddly bear.
Now... compare her lovely watering pool to my own. I started with this pail of rocks...
2 hours 3 minutes and 38 seconds is the current world record set last year in the Berlin Marathon by Patrick Makau Musyoki. That’s an incredible time. Average pace around 4 minutes 43 seconds per mile – for 26.2 of them. And Roger did just one in just under 4 minutes a few years back (see last post). That’s a long long sprint that Patrick did. Nothing short of awesome running. And in the morning of that world record run, he said his body wasn’t feeling good. It’s clearly a perception thing…
There is a song that has been popping into my head all week. I don't like disco ... never did, but someone requested this song last Friday and it won't SHUT UP and GO AWAY. You can believe it pains me to admit that this week I could not shake "Footloose" from my mind. PLEASE someone, just shoot me, or suggest something that will chase it out of my head already!
Not many dishes are truly innovative.Almost every dish has been done before in some way,shape or form,lots of very similar combinations of ingredients brought together in slightly different formats and with ever greater technicality.Things go out of fashion,people forget about them, then the person who resurrects them perhaps with a *modern* slant is credited with inventing the dish.
May first: international workers struggle day! I am sorry to report I did not set my manager on fire, despite her being truly horrendous. Example: today she yelled at a customer who was unlucky enough to be wished a happy birthday by a few of the line-servers. Like just because you KNOW an underling employee you are a fair target for her unstoppable misery megaphone. Oh yeah, and did I mention it was HIS BIRTHDAY. Speaking of birthdays…
If comprehensive schools can be made to work, what does that tell us about the head teachers who aren't realising pupils' potential? What proportion of head teachers are failing, and what should be done about them?
Pakistanis are Englishmen and Vietnamese are Australians..
With her body still recovering from last year's cancer treatments, Leigh Tressman is determined to be independent. Despite the interference from her overprotective brother, physical frustrations, and spiritual dilemmas— not to mention the ever expanding line of young men ready to fall in love with her— Leigh discovers what it actually means to stand on her own and learns that love can be found in
Die Tilda ist aus der "A Little Yummy For Your Tummy" von letztem Herbst, der Tag, die Blätter und die Bordüre sind Die Cuts von Magnolia, der Text von Stampin´Up.
Thanks for stopping by today! Please stop by Angie's blog to wish her a Happy Birthday as well. I'm sure she'd love to receive birthday greetings from everyone!
Dr. Benjamin
Between the donuts and DVD* I think I could have just cruised around for an hour and it would have been considered a great time by my passengers.
“So I understand, the two soldiers in the Ghillie out fits said that you would be carrying some heavy ordnance, but I don’t see it.”
And no, I did not start my house on fire the last time I burned stuff. I just almost burned down the deck.
Hill’s Science Diet Weight Loss System for Medium to Large Dogs- $49.99
It is rare for a Chinese enterprise to accuse an overseas firm of trademark breaches -- although foreign companies frequently complain of intellectual property rights violations in China.
Curling follows the claustrophobic and creepy disturbing life of Jean-François that he imposes on his 12-year-old daughter Julyvonne (played by the real-life father-daughter team of Emmanuel and Philomene Bilodeau). We are first exposed to the prison around both our characters when Julyvonne is told she has astigmatism and that she must have realized something was wrong by not seeing the chalkboard at school. It is here we learn she doesn’t attend school. And it is here that her father is brought into the frame and focus is retained on him while Julyvonne, in the center of the image, becomes slightly blurry, offering a wonderful moment of breaking the fourth wall so we can better identify with Julyvonne’s plight while metaphorically visualizing through an astigmatic image the askew view her father nests Julyvonne within. The rest of the film develops this dysfunctional world Jean-François has created for himself and his daughter while other individuals, such as his bosses and co-workers, try to pull him out of his paranoia and open up the world to him and his daughter. The title of the film relates to the brief moments in a curling club where Jean-François finally gets, as Côté puts it in an interview with Jason Anderson in the Fall 2010 issue of Cinemascope, “a spark in his eye”. Curling the movie extends the arguments in the book Bowling Alone: The Collapse and Revival of American Community where Robert D. Putnam describes the decline in ‘social capital’ or the active civil engagement that makes for strong democracies, by having Jean-François working in a bowling alley and later discovering a brighter social world in the heavily lit dome of a curling club. “People ask me,” says Côté in that same interview, “’Why curling?’ Well, first of all, curling is a collective sport, so he could get closer to his community if he would curl.” Côté clutters this cinematic curling house with several stones obstructing Jean-François from making better choices for himself and his daughter, but it’s a different type of curling that finally further feeds the initial spark in Jean-François‘ eyes.
In October there are no fiestas
Though when I find a pair of shoes I like, it's true love. The forever kind of love. Love through thick and thin, weathering every storm.
7. looking glass- little dragon
"It is a hope, a prayer. To hope for something; a job, health, love, luck, anything you want. A prayer for these things." At this explanation of 'prayer', all the light bulbs above their heads flashed on and they became delighted that they understood it finally... a simple and universal concept... a sacrifice for a prayer or hope... pennies for wishes.
- Calling all athletically-inclined souls: Do you want to coach soccer or flag football in a local league for Crown Heights kids? Get in touch with the folks at Seeds in the Middle (more info below).
One sees, with a sharp tender shock,
· Montgomery County Parks Foundation, Inc., Honor Award Hadley's Park, January 2000
This started out as a funny concept which I observed whilst I had just started working right out of college, but one which has started making more and more sense over the years. Whilst it is ‘relatively easier’ to gauge and manage people strengths and weaknesses when working in smaller organizations, it becomes more and more complex as the organization scales up; more so when we start thinking of organizations where we have 500-1000+ employees (we have a good number of firms flaunting these kind of numbers in their workforce).
Oh man.. this weekend was super fun and my liver is throbbing asking me to please spare it for a few days. I have a blogger dinner on Wednesday where you apparently get an entree and 3 glasses of wine for super cheap soooooo yeah. Sorry little guy.
Then release it and move forward. Sometimes things can’t be healed until you release the challenges in your lives, so that then the healing rays can enter. Stop focusing upon “what went wrong” and instead focus on ‘what you did that was right.’ It is okay to trust that you are on the right path and then decide that it isn’t working for you and make a course adjustment. Everyone and everything is put on your path for a purpose, even if you can’t see that at this moment.
The picture of the four of us at the top of Mt. Baldy is disorienting, too. When my sister showed it to a friend of hers, she asked her friend to guess which woman was our birth mother and which was our adoptive mother. The friend guessed wrong. She showed another friend. Wrong again. In fairness, there is no obvious answer in this photo. My sister and I do not look like our birth mother. If you saw us together, you would not cluck your tongue, the way people still do when my sister and I are together. “You must be sisters,” they say. We must be sisters because we look alike. There is an insistence to biology, a confirmation of it, when you bear the proof in your face. The only proof in this photo lies not in our faces but in our touch. My sister and I are both leaning into my mother. My mother’s shoulders are tucked under our arm pits in an unmistakeable familiarity. Our heads are bent toward hers. We tip toward what we know.
Ayers infamous quote, "guilty as sin, free as a bird" was also part of this article.
All I needed was the gift registry for a friend that is getting married and I had to sit down in a little chair and wait for an employee to try and get her computer to work so she could print out the information. She wanted to go through the list and know my budget and I was starting to feel like it was some high pressure sales going on so I bid her farewell and headed out alone, armed with my list. Before I bolted she reminded me that they offer free gift wrapping services. Sweet. I love free. I used to work at a department store where we did gift wrapping. This my friends is not gift wrapping! So, I finally pick out what I'm going to get which was nowhere near the price point the employee was suggesting I spend on my friend btw. I got in a very long line and waited patiently for my turn to check out. I handed over my registry like a good little shopper and the cashier asked if I would like my purchase gift wrapped. Why yes, yes I would.
I can sing ’cause You pick me up
1 chance
I am planing on starting another wordpress for more of a personal, posting on things I love and enjoy. It will be on beauty, skin care, food, personal, Asian fashion, cuteness. I am calling it beYOUtiful: The beauty of life (if it’s not already taken)…..just a thought, not sure of what it will be titled yet.
Offer: 1 mile for every dollar spent, including port charges, government fees, and taxes
Private Eye magazine - a fortnightly publication that helps me maintain some form of sanity during these difficult times - has a story in its latest edition about two senior Sun reporters attempting to commit suicide in recent weeks - both had been arrested by police investigating illegal payments made by newspapers for stories. The Sun and its ilk have claimed it would be insensitive to publish details of the hacks involved (although Private Eye has named the pair) Insensitive is not normally a word one would associate with The Sun or the NoTW - one of the journalists who attempted to take his own life has written dozens of stories over the years about people who have attempted suicide with thoughtful headlines such as 'Canoe Cheat's Suicide Watch'; 'Jo Suspect on Suicide Watch in Tough Jail'; and 'Crossbow Killer Slashes His Neck'. Clearly, a sensitive approach towards the families and loved ones of those involved...
Contacts bar
“You would think retailers would be hugely invested in ensuring you’d have an optimized experience on the mobile device, as well as trying to understand how people use it,” he said. “But consumers are way ahead of retailers in terms of their investment in mobile and how that plays into the purchase process.”
Looking back, April wasn't near as productive as I thought. That appears to be because some of the things I was working on aren't finished yet, so they will have to be part of another month's round up.
In the latter half of my career I have transitioned away from all the operations and management responsibilities to focus on what I love most: media buying and campaign management. It is far more satisfying for me than having to supervise the work of others, performing the dreaded annual reviews, being handed resignation letters because the employee's music career was taking off, having to begin the arduous interview process, or reprimanding an employee for pulling out a knife threatening a pregnant co-worker. Thanks but no thanks!
If you like the idea of being your child's friend, but still have concerns about it, read this follow-up called Five Words That Have Nothing To Do With Friendship With My Child Or Anyone Else.
I met Tania at this year’s One of a Kind Show and thought that she was so smart to have her prints fit into a square Ikea frame. No expensive framing required!
William and Kathy Mailer Gardens
Love you guys!!
(doesn’t) seem (like) to want(s) to leave decided that he was too sick to go to an
Have you hung wallpaper before?
YOU DONT LET YOUR KIDS RUN WILD IN A ROOM FULL OF PRICELESS ARTWORK!!!!!! Who brings little kids to an art exhibit anyways?? I mean, unless your child is some sort of genius art prodigy, they aren’t going to give a flying rats ass about seeing a bunch of old paintings. Get a babysitter or stay home. That’s the way it works when you’re a parent. One of the kids was sliding along the wall around the room, and his head was actually bumping against the bottoms of the frames. I was waiting for one of the paintings to go crashing to the floor. Not to mention that if you were standing close to the wall, examining a painting up close, he would squeeze in between you and the wall, forcing you to step back to avoid being knocked off balance and possibly fall against the painting. And I wont even go into the loud echoing voices. Their parents were ignoring them so skillfully that I wasnt even sure who, of all the people in the room, they were.
Cover = things you can stay behind or blend in with which will stop a bullet.
It is an ambitious framework for the book, and the prose often sags under the pressure to explain the historical background for nearly everything with the plodding narrative of a textbook. Treuer is predominately a novelist (Little, Hiawatha), and while his historical archeology is admirable, he is most successful talking about the people and settings he has known firsthand.
I have certainly tried, but I am sure that I have failed.
Set your white balance to “Auto” and make sure your camera flash is off.
Label / Distributor/Fatman / Jet Star
"The Mochica (or Moche) culture is one of the pre-Columbian civilisations in Peru. It flourished from about AD 100 to 750 on a narrow desert coastal strip of northern Peru, between the Andes and the Pacific," note the authors. The Moche are renowned for their brightly-colored pottery and murals.
But musically it would have been better to think of playing a different piano part or changing the guitar part. At the time I was learning to play it I had no idea this was going to be a problem.
all that matters is that i know i tried my best and if that isn’t good enough for some people, then they’re just missing out.
Ingredients- 4 person
I've yet to try the beers from the Black Cat Brewery, based in Groombridge right on the Kent-Sussex border, and Kent Brewery, based at Birling, a short hop from West Malling, both of which are new on the scene, but I have tried some of the beers brewed by Moodleys, Royal Tunbridge Wells and Tonbridge breweries, all of whom started operations a couple of years ago. All of these new breweries offer a wide range of interesting beers, but rather than me attempt to describe them , why not click on the links and check out the brewery websites concerned. Unfortunately, Larkins don't have a website, but all the other breweries listed do.
I have since spent my evenings crocheting the border round the outside.....I like to do 2 rows of each colour in double crochet to give a nice wide band and as you can see last night I finished it :-) I'm so thrilled with the finished result too. Can't you just see a summer baby wrapped in those sherbety colours?
Now if this lamp of “At the last” was found so useful in this one particular case, methinks it must be equally useful everywhere else, and it may help us all to understand the truth of matters if we will look at them in the light which this wonderful lamp yields.
Masekela and his excellent Band rip through 8 tracks in "Waiting For The Rain", played in their unique afro-jazzy style. Mostly Masekela's own tunes apart from Fela Kuti's "Lady"."Coal Train (Stimela)" is one of my favorites.
You will not be able to cheat …. Lie …fake …or manipulate someone to get that feeling.. If you try to….you will fail……and I will be very sad. So don’t tell me if that’s your chosen path. Cause I cant follow you.
Couscous agli Agrumi - Citrus Couscous (by Alessandro Guerani) - a very strong color contrast. The yellow and purple are strong colors in contrast to the green. The large area (negative spave) the green is taking here brings the green into a good balance to the two stronger colors yellow and purple.
My new, perfect cardigan is exactly the right length and shape for an outfit with a 50's vibe. For the previous incarnation of this outfit I tied a long cardigan at the waist to achieve the same effect, and while I liked the look of it, the cardigan itself wasn't really designed to be tied, and required a fair amount of adjusting and readjusting to make it work. This version was low maintenance, which is always a good thing.
I know that Ms. Burden considers herself a disciple of William H. (“Holly’) Whyte as she had worked at his Project for Public Spaces. Mr. Whyte, renowned in his own right, is famous as Jane Jacobs’ mentor. Still, the concern about Teardrop Park as a superblock indicated an extreme sensitivity to the issue that had me wondering how Ms. Burden could ever be a supporter of Atlantic Yards (which by all reports she is) since Atlantic Yards is a project where true superblocking is a real concern. It is just one concern among many about the Atlantic Yards Project, nearly all of which are major.
“For 2 years before meeting Guru Gobind Singh in 1979 my BEING was very restless. The thirst of my soul to be Loved was getting intense each day. (It was not that I lacked any human Love in my life). It was a thirst for some greater Love that would fill my BEING and my Body so much that cup may over flow. That I may be able to Love the whole existence till no one was left thirsty for Love. ”
Michael, "Shortly after I signed up, I started to feel some tingling sensation around my feet. The vibration got stronger and started to work its way up into my ankles, calves and thighs. And now 24 hours later, I'm still feeling the effects of it. If this is what you call unscheduled intermittent adjustments WOW. I can't wait for the main session to start. Thank you very much" Verna
Sorry about the glare on this photo but I loved this arrangement so much I wanted to share. The big pumpkin platter is one of my favorite things to set out at Fall. This picture was taken before my living room redo when I still had green walls.
This one has it's moments of zaniness ("Parade of the Wooden Soldiers", "Wassail Song"), and swank Living Stereo bongos and percussion ("Indian Christmas Carol / Latin Lullaby") but always featuring superb arrangements for the choir. An absolute classic Christmas album that should be in every Christmas eve mix! Download it - now!
It's my personal opinion that this rule should be taught to children from birth; right along with "Never take candy from strangers", "Stop, Drop and Roll", and "Never drink a blue-rasberry smoothie pre-rollercoaster". (That last one I had to learn the hard way. Sorry, man in front of me who went home with a neon-blue stained Grateful Dead t-shirt.)
She had never known
Here is a boy with five small barley loaves and two small fish, but how far will they go among so many? - John 6:9
- Yeh.
Since Jan. 1, Hillsborough County deputies have seen roughly 500 tax fraud cases.
“WAIT. WAIT. THIS CAN’T BE RIGHT!” you say.
The greatest feeling we could ever have
Our theme today is the canine. These sweet doggies were at the Butte Humane Society in Chico, CA when I visited last month. There were lots of folks there wanting to adopt, so I'm hopeful the dogs have been -or will soon be- moved to loving homes. (I was just dropping by and taking advantage of photo opps, not looking to adopt. I was tempted, though, and bet you are too. Am I right?)
Where a little sliver fell away
By the time you get to see the whole album, you will have already seen the best parts of it.
Dimensional Data Mart expertise
So many people witnessed my ex’s elaborate lies, cheating, drinking, lashing out and their attempted suicide when I was leaving. Friends, members of our communities, and hospital staff. And yet no one from our city said anything.
Here’s another wonderful quote to end the week. I have a friend who always told me that you get far in life by being kind and considerate, although it’s sometimes easier said than done.
But do not dare to summon
Pioneer Stout - 5.0% - A black stout.
peacemakers, the persecuted, the reviled.” Everywhere Jesus turned He
Well, there you have it, a beet muffin recipe and some potential alterations. This muffin has won me over to beets and, more importantly is a great way to sneak in even just a little bit more vegetable, especially in the desert stage of the meal. The beet muffin is wonderful for kids because 1) it’s as tasty as any banana nut or regular chocolate muffin 2) it’s just as simple to make so kids can join in on the baking fun and 3) the beet muffin’s surprisingly pink color will be a hit for any daughter/niece/granddaughter/etc as it has been with my friend’s granddaughter.
And worse, this kind of log line doesn't entice me to read on. Again, the goal of a query letter is to entice the reader to want more.
My strategy is to keep it priced low, but not so low that you don’t make any money to pay your expenses. A few people have been super successful at the 99 cent price point, so you can’t knock it. Perhaps when I have a larger backlist built up, I would put a book or two at a lower price, like Hocking or Konrath. My 99 cent experiment wasn’t super successful, so I’ve chosen to keep my prices at $2.99 and $3.49 so I can get my 70% royalty. And they pretty much sell equal amounts. I’ll probably keep experimenting down the road. At this price, I make a decent profit every month so I’m pretty comfortable with it.
If you think you might ever want your child to consider you a friend, like when he's grown and can choose how much time to spend with you, I suggest you start now. Don't take any chances on whether he will someday forgive you for the unfriendly things you might do in the name of "good parenting." Don't set yourself up to have to explain why you felt like you had to be cruel or tough "for his own good." It may be too late by then.
"I hope the others are following my instructions," Daghdha said, "since we are not. There should have been four arrows in each one."
I've thought a long time about how to describe the cold and here is the best description I can come up with: it's like a pack of ravenous wolves that begins pursuing you the minute you walk out the door. If you can get to the car fast enough, you win. But any delay at all and you're toast.
I missed you, butcher, greengrocer, cheese man and wine guy.
From project Gutenberg, here is her general advice on my favorite part of the meal, dessert:
Just imagine Joe Biden and Timothy Geithner rowing to New Jersey and shooting at each other*!
Yesterday while the kids and I were playing the weeding game… What, you do not know that game? It’s quite simple, who can pick the most weeds in X amount of time. The prize is a happy mommy and a weed free flower bed. Win/win for all – the flower bed, an activity that involves all 3 kids, and mama gets to check one thing off her spring list.
As the wheels of our childhood go clunk to a stop.
There was a lot of talk last weekend about libraries and how many were threatened with closure. It got me thinking.
The song was written by either one of a husband/wife team. Joy Byers was a songwriter who was married to Bob Johnson (Johnny Cash/Bob Dylan ) who claims that he wrote a lot of the Elvis stuff as Joe Byers, even penning the wonderful, It Hurts Me with Charlie Daniels. Whoever wrote it, it's a solid piece of rock 'n' roll for 1964. The lyrics aren't bad for an Elvis movie tune, a far cry Do The Clam. "I walked a million miles I bet, Tired and hungry and cold and wet, I’ve heard that lonesome whistle blow, From New York City down to Mexico, Some kids born fancy free, Nobody never gave nothing to me".
It was 1997 and in his five years at the Camp Nou, he would score 130 goals in 235 games. Over that time, I find it difficult to find a type of goal he was unable to score. Whether it be a rasping free-kick, a daisy-cutting thronker or an overhead, Rivaldo appeared to be capable of anything in his prime.
week in one shape or other evolved around Marilyn Manson's
June 29, 2007
The issue is of concern for both medical and psychosocial reasons. Studies suggest that earlier puberty, as measured by the age at first menstruation, can slightly increase the risk of breast cancer, probably because it results in longer lifetime exposure to the hormones estrogen and progesterone, which can feed some tumors.
11. Cramp Your Style
 The weakening and dumbing-down of White Americans will also help the Jews in their ongoing efforts to control and manipulate America’s foreign policy in the area of warmongering for the Jews’ (Israeli’s) purposes and benefit.
In New York, 23 year-old Tony Bennett made his first recording for Columbia Records. Bob Hope gave Bennett his stage name. Born Joe Bari, Bennett caught the eye of Bob Hope, who heard him singing in Manhattan. Mitch Miller, Columbia Records music director, had heard a demo and immediately brought Bennett to Columbia.
Devon retains his Television Title by beating Bully Ray with a Dominator. I always love watching these two wrestle.
The day after my mango epiphany experience, I had a light bulb moment. Not as good as it sounds. To be precise: my bedroom light bulb exploded.
Obama: You've been trying to tell me who's out there?
As they pulled up outside her house, she invited him in for a cup of tea.
After you watch it 100 times like I have, you start to get a contact high from the Eskimo in the yellow jacket because he’s totally baked on sherm.
when suddenly,
At this point I'm whiny, miserable, and one hot mess of kleenex and Dayquil.
5) Frank Zappa
Upon arriving, the two men strode right in, simultaneously drawing their hoods back as they entered the one room hut. They were nearly identical, and were often mistaken for brothers. Eva's parents woke abruptly, and sat up straight on their old cots as the two men sat down at the modest dinner table. The man on the right pulled a decanter out of his satchel and set it on the table, and the man on the left, the one who did all the talking, spoke.
Can't fit chums of chance
Don't know what will come of this. Maybe it'll bleed to death after the first couple of posts (as so many of my other projects have in the past). Maybe I'll keep it up and have something actually interesting to say. We'll see.
Google is NOT the place to look for a publisher. Think about your goals: If your main goal is to get a book published and actually see it in Barnes & Noble, then go to Barnes & Noble. (No, I'm not speaking metaphorically. I literally mean: just go there. It's the least you can do if this is your big goal.)
“The Paranoid” is taken from IHSAHN’s anticipated fourth solo album. Set for release June 19, Eremita was mixed by Jens Bogren (Opeth) and features performances from drummer Tobias Ornes Andersen (Leprous), saxophonist Jorgen Munkeby (Shining-Norway), guitarist Jeff Loomis (ex-Nevermore), and vocalists Devin Townsend, Einar Solberg (Leprous), and Heidi S. Tveitan (StarofAsh). MetalSucks editor Vince Neilstein says, “The Paranoid” is a perfect introduction to Eremita. It’s heavy, expansive, and it’s complex without being an asshole about it. Not that any of this should be surprising; IHSAHN’s been developing his own singularly definable sound for three albums now, so fans should know what to expect.”
Rustie – 444Sure
Meg is honest, real, and refreshing. She follows her heart, she’s an artist that makes beautiful things, she has created a business in which other women are able to get away and make beautiful things. I want to go to one of her craft weekends…one day.
Active time: 15 minutes
I actually suggest signing up for mint through the website on your computer or tablet. The larger screen helps, and it seems like there are more features like goal setting that aren’t available yet on the mobile version.
The finale is silly, anticlimactic and dumb, but I love Independence Day. It's something of a relic of more innocent times; the days when Roland Emmerich could blow the shit out of whatever he wanted without people feeling bad; the days when Will Smith was just 'that guy from off've Fresh Prince'; the days when Jeff Goldblum made summer movies and Randy Quaid wasn't (too) insane. Independence Day is the blockbuster movie at its best.
and now I'm finally in the mood to watch it all over again!
Is it easier to make ends meet? Is it easier to sell your home or buy a new one? Have you saved what you needed for retirement? Are you making more in your job? Do you have a better chance to get a better job? Do you pay less at the pump?
Now thoroughly mix the flour or cornstarch with the COLD milk or water and slowly pour it into the pot with your hand held on. Put back on the stove and let simmer while stirring for about another 10 minutes.
In college I loved my play-writing workshop with Rochelle Owens, creating a playscript calling for a huge screen and projections in lieu of other kinds of staging, this is in the early ‘80’s. This was also when I was taking verbal performance with Jerome Rothenberg and constructing text performances, one using slides and two voices, another taking a kind of Bread and Puppet Theatre approach with outdoor performance and multiple performers. And, in a box somewhere from those days, there is a fantasy novella, my only real venture into fiction. I have written the occasional nonfiction piece, though very rarely.
In fact, the Gini curve associated with the fine PIDs is a constant near
While the Frog joined some the thousands of snow blocked drivers around Ile-de-France on Wednesday night and took four hours to get home, I thought I'd use the time to go through the Writers and Artists Yearbook for prospective agents. It was a bit of a depressing thing to do as it seems no one is accepting new clients, but it was a start. I think I only got to the letter B in my search, but I found loads of other resources while I was at it, so I now have a folder labelled agents on my web browser toolbar.
That have disturbed
While I love a chunky statement necklace, I actually do wear delicate pieces around my neck sometimes as well, believe it or not. Here's proof...I bring you my outfit from Monday:
My childhood morning meal of choice? Oatmeal, of the instant-from-a-packet variety. And for some reason, Mom didn’t insist on buying plain oatmeal. Instead, she either bought the variety pack (which inevitably included a few packets of unflavored oats), or she would buy whole boxes of my very favorite flavor, maple brown sugar. Mammaw would microwave me a bowl of this stuff just about every morning before school, from kindergarten until sometime in middle school (which I think is when I discovered how much I love bagels).
For whatever reason Antinous entered the waters of the Nile, therefore, he did obtain a form of immortality. Had he passed quietly from his role as favourite he may well have disappeared from history, but with his death and Hadrian’s response to it, he was assured a place in future remembrance—such as this book.
* We have decided to become foster parents... for a boxer puppy. We love the breed dearly and would like to help out in some way. We're not quite ready to adopt another dog after losing our precious Charlie, but think it would be great to help out a sweet pup until they can find their forever home!
Thank you for your sacrifice.
Courthouse Hotel, 19 – 21 Great Marlborough Street, London W1F 7HL
If you have been around the church for any amount of time, the running joke is that the Sunday school answer is always “Jesus” to any given question. Despite this, many children’s ministries and Christian parents forget that, in fact, Jesus is the final answer for the Bible stories and spiritual lessons we teach our children.
Bloody got sick again. Another bloody round of the bloody flu. No fair.
It made us feel so good to be able to give this to them and us after all of the sacrifices we had to make the last few years. We still have so much farther to go, but we are trying and hopefully things will continue to go e way they should so we can get back to where we were.
Brylee bear you are so loved Grandma
And he carries the reminders of every glove
The frogs, which come from the famous Lake Titicaca, located at a high elevation in southern Peru, are taken out of a small aquarium, killed by banging them against tiles, skinned and dropped into a blender along with 20 other ingredients including white bean broth, honey, raw aloe vera, malt, maca (an Andean root also believed to boost stamina and sex drive) and sometimes even wine. This so-called “Peruvian Viagra” costs around $2, but fans of the drink say it’s worth every penny for its tonic effect on the human body.
It is hard being a parent and these stressful, hard times are only made easier remembering that health is the most important thing in our lives. As long as we are all healthy in my little family, everything else can be dealt with and we can be happy.
"We came here together, to find them… Christian was just like you, maybe a year or two older… He was daring… he… They took him.”
The battle between boosters of direct shipping, who believe it will help fuel economic growth, and the retail alcoholic beverage industry which believes it will cut its profits, has been termed a “David vs. Goliath” fight that once again will go to the mats in the Statehouse.
Noah @thealmighty Got it. Do we have to invite the yaks? They smell soo bad.
harder to walk, cold temperatures, wet feet, having to stop customers mail, heavier clothing and even handling the mail with gloves on. That being said, it is our job and winter is part of living in Canada. I love my job and always know that spring is just around the corner."
Many pubs around my neck of the woods use Arab satellite TV to show the football. A workings man club I occasionally go into despite not being a member and because the old timer on the door never asks and even holds the door open for me shows Arab satellite TV on 3 big TV’s in the room they keep the full size snooker tables and dart boards in. It is not your cup of tea, keg lager and bitter under £2 a pint and no beardy beer geeks to be found, but it is a cracking atmosphere. 3pm games not shown on Sky are available; it is cheaper for the pub, bar or club and me the punter sits with my mates watching the game drinking cheap beer. I’m not about to complain, and I gather few do. The establishments that come a cropper do so from Sky TV inspectors rather than vexatious punters.
It's not easy.
When I left, I didn't look back. Sometimes I regret that ending, but I don't know if I could have done it any other way without crumbling. I think that is why I hadn't been down Geary in a long time. I can go to Chinatown, the Mission, anywhere else in the city without having to deal with my memories. But when these random people smile at me, I feel a twinge, and I miss a little bit of that world.
05 The Prettiest Star
call it
One day I'll fall off, and break a hip...
"And these shall go away into everlasting cutting off: but the righteous into everlasting life"
I couldn't stop following them with my eyes. They gave me comfort. It was strange...this feeling...I kept watching. They flew into the circling mass, and through it, yet they kept their form. Then they turned back into the mass and headed south at a 90 degree angle, still keeping together.
If you live in Karachi and have not planned anything for Mother’s Day, try this: Head out to Hilal Park with your mum. Pack a picnic basket, find a shady spot and treat her to a pleasant Mother’s Day picnic in one of Karachi’s most charming parks.
Me “Thanks, I guess the porn-watching paid off.”
Ticket prices have increased beyond all reason in the last ten years. This is not solely because of touting and re-selling. It's because people have been ready to pay increasing amounts and the acts have increased their prices to take advantage of that. The problem they've got now is that they can't be seen to ask the prices they know that people will pay.
I think that's all I have time to ramble about tonight. I need to wake Matthew up from his super late nap, otherwise he won't sleep for me tonight. He'll just babble all through Dateline like he did last week.
One superstition I can’t understand on any level is the one that if a bird shits on you its good luck. It just doesn’t make sense.
I’m not going to take for granted the personal space (or lack thereof!)
Opportunity with the possibility of failure or stagnation and equality in misery?
04-15-2012
Now, here’s the part for my disclaimer. I mentioned in my review of The Windup Girl, that it’s set in a desperate world where everyone is a nasty piece of work and are completely unsympathetic. And that stands true here. Jaidee is not a ‘typical’ Thai and Hock Seng is certainly not a ‘typical’ Chinese. But their respective cultures certainly influence what they do, how they view things and what motivates them. But that’s not all, their personalities and their life experiences also affect how they view the world and their actions and morality. Jaidee, without his culture, would probably be an arrogant, self-righteous hero-type while Hock Seng would be your typical villainous type with a crazy-dark past. But their cultures give them added depth and reason behind why they do what they do.
Rynn
Sometimes, this retards my progress. Where’s Mikey time? I must apologize to those who do read this, as I haven’t posted in a couple days time. Not making excuses, but I really didn’t have time to sit down and figure out what was on my mind. I offered to do one friend a favor, that should have taken 30 minutes, and it took a day and a half. Meanwhile, I am also trying my best to assist my Dad with a number of different things. Problem one, he doesn’t remember what I tell him from one hour to the next. (This is actually a good thing, because if I thought I was a patient person before this, I am going to be a saint by the time these tutorials end) Two, sometimes he flips out and says that I’m purposefully giving him the wrong information (to mess him up, I guess.) I haven’t figured out yet why he would think I would tell him something that would not benefit him, let alone try to derail his progress. But, then again, my Mom said the other day that she wanted to make sure I had good motives with something business-wise I was doing, because she didn’t want to be a party to me ripping someone off. Thanks, Mom! I admit I’m not perfect, and I haven’t always had my customer’s best interest at heart, but who would think that I would use my Mom as my accomplice? As that lawyer said that day in court, “So, Mr. Feldman, what you’re telling us is that you are, admittedly, a liar and a criminal?” Well, FUCK, I guess so, if my own parents still think so.
Finally! Tommy Victor has managed to inject the vigor with which he’s been kicking Al Jourgenson’s teeth in on Ministry’s last few albums into a Prong record! Although I have tremendous respect for Victor as a guitarist, as a songwriter and most of all as someone who keeps soldiering on, no matter what obstacles he encounters, Prong’s discography has been somewhat of a hit-and-miss affair for me. 2007′s ‘Power Of The Damager’ showed a Prong that was stylistically awesome, but seemed a bit tired performance-wise. Look no further for redemption: ‘Carved Into Stone’ is the best Prong record since ‘Cleansing’.
It is energy-eliciting and patriotism-promoting to visit and tour either the 9/11 Memorial or the Intrepid Museum, much less both. A sob, a tear, and a raised-heartbeat are inevitable. How proud I was to be an American, from the same stock and culture as the “first responders” in 1993 and 2001, and the sailors, airmen, and Marines of our 20th century.
The theory is that like babies don’t learn to speak until they had a large amount of listening first. That and you can get “fossilized” errors in your language. All of that is rubbish in my mind. Babies do speak from day one, their ability to make sounds is limited to cries and grunts and coo’s. Plus, it’s been along time since I needed my diaper changed so learning like a baby isn’t how I should go. As for “fossilized” errors, that is bogus too. My daughter calls petting animals, softing them. She also often says brava for brother. Is she stuck speaking like that? No. Even as adults we change. I had a friend who was from the south, but had lost his southern accent while living in Utah. As soon as he met other people form the south, though, his accent came right back again.
“This flushed out her alleged abductor the very day the picture was printed. The girl was found in the company of a 37-year-old man, who was also arrested. On Friday, charges against the man were provisionally withdrawn.
torment no one
The downfall of this driving course? Shuffle steering....it's driving me crazy. Why can't he just continue to drive the way he learned for over 11 years when he's in a normal (I say civilian) car? This shuffling, sliding around the steering wheel, is getting really annoying. I'm hoping it wears off soon! :)
Suidicde is a terrible thing, and I hope this lady has found peace at last. At least we can be fairly sure that details fo her life and death won't be dragged out in full view of the public. In France, at least.
I’m ashamed of myself. I want to apologize for my heartless abuse of your meek and gentle self. Please accept my sincere apologies. I did not mean any harm. If I had known that you were as fragile as an egg, I would have been massaging your tiny ego instead of throwing darts to strengthen your muscles. Just like you, Mr. President, I want to move Nigeria forward. I want to do it in a gentleman’s way – without shedding any sweat. But I have seen that Nigeria is such a heavy load that anyone involved in that venture must be ready to perspire. Despite the impression I must have given over the years as a professional critic, I am a thoughtful man. I know it must be hard being the president of a dysfunctional country like Nigeria. But I did not know it was this hard. And surely, you did not have the slightest idea how hard it would be when you allowed your name on the ballot.
On one side is the regular phone number; on the other is a space for each individual driver's number. I always hand out this card and POINT OUT to the people that the number to call is the one on the back labeled WOMBAT. Then I beg them NOT to call the number on the front, which, as I explain, calls The Boss.
‘Whether we will make progress remains to be seen’
With courage that is worthy of her name,
Speaking of survival; remember this. If you are already armed with a firearm and sufficient ammunition, do not pick up any firearm you see laying around the battlefield as it may have been intentionally left there by your enemy and in a booby trapped condition. You don’t know what you don’t know so be careful out there.
There are nine of ten women envious. China
Sam Adams Brown Ale
But how is it that children, who detested school, who watched that clock ticking away the minutes and hours of their lives, who prayed for the weekend to come so they could get out of school...just HOW do they become adults who believe it is the best option for their own children? How is it that a person leaves school and takes years to recover, to find their own passions again, to learn the things that are actually useful for their lives, look back and see school as a crucial part of that journey? I don't believe it IS for most people.
I have the worst time with this. I receive gifts all the time. It is hard to just accept that random people feel compelled to do this, even if it is usually something useful to me, or something that I really needed. It totally freaks me out. I think there is another component to this Protocol, also, but that I have yet to reach a point where its lessons would be effective for me.
Mile 22 was 7:45. 23 was 7:44, then a little uphill included in mile 24 meant that mile was 8:01 but I was still feeling really good. Only 2 and a bit miles (20 ish) minutes to go. With two miles to go my garmin showed 3:23, two 8:00 minute miles would get me in at the same time I finished my last marathon (3:40).
Oh, well, I have plenty of time to experiment! I’m excited and I’m pumped….then again, that could be the caffeine talking!
As opposed to many formulaic blockbuster movies of the time, Pulp Fiction broke completely from the mold, not just in style, but also in prevailing ideology. In Pulp Fiction, Tarantino goes against precedents and axioms to challenge dominant ideologies of race and gender.
NAUGHTY INCARNATION #1
THE 3001 EUCLID SHUFFLE: If this is February 8th, it must be time for the 3001 Euclid Anchor Shuffle.
Coconut, fresh*
I honestly thought I had prepared well enough for it, but sometimes it doesn’t matter how much you prepare – clearly this is something about my body that is currently out of my control.
Daddy loves you so so so so much
i’ll remember all the times
38. Anna Karenina - Leo Tolstoy
I am running a half marathon this weekend and am so nervous about it that I could puke just thinking about it. I looked at the route online and panicked. Here’s to hoping I make it. I mean, there is a beer garden at the end so…there’s that to look forward to. I hope I have a cheering squad (aka that Brian gets out of bed) to encourage me and then have a beer with me after the run.
Accidental Injury
Brigid"
I agree wholeheartedly with Noble’s first two sentences in this paragraph, but for the life of me I can’t fathom how he jumps from that good statement to competing with Apple, Disney and Google! Is it “the show” which draws men and women to Jesus, or is it the very Holy Spirit to which Noble referred in his first two sentences? Is it possible that God uses the weak things of the world to shame the strong? Is it possible that He often works through weak vessels so that we don’t boast in ourselves but in Him? Did the church in Acts experience God’s power because it could carry out worship services that would compete with anything the Roman Empire could offer, or was it the work of the Holy Spirit? I’m all for giving our best, but sometimes our best is carried out in the place of weakness, the obscure place, the place of suffering. Is the missionary in the Muslim world not giving his best because he can’t compete with Apple? Is the pastor who is living with and loving a rural community unworthy of his calling because he doesn’t have smoke machines and custom video clips? Let’s give good effort, by all means, but let’s aim at the right things, like glorifying God, not outdoing Google.
【 story 】
So I figured out how to disable it on my blog. I hate that I hate to figure out how to disable something I never enabled in the first place, but that's another story. There's a catch, though. You have to switch your Blogger editor back to the old editor to change the Settings on your Comments. The new Blogger Editor doesn't even have the option to turn Word Verification either on or off. It's ridiculous times two!
Our fourth little difficulty is the shrunken jumper which I gave a mention to, in a post, back in December. The jumper had been washed by hand, exactly as every other jumper that I have ever washed and this was the first one ever to shrink. I had not expected to be refused a refund or an exchange because the jumper had definitely shrunk and I had always thought that M&S were a reputable company and their customer service was second to none. I was so amazed at their attitude that I left the store without trying to argue with the assistant. I did not have an argument prepared which was my mistake. From this I have learnt always to have a Plan B! Anyway, after Christmas, I wrote to the head office about the jumper. When I had not received a reply after four weeks, I wrote again. They claimed that they had not received my first letter. (I am not sure that I believe that). I was then asked to send the jumper in to them so that they could examine it, which I did. Their response has been to send me a voucher for 40% of the value of the jumper, which will not replace the jumper. I suppose it will probably buy me two sleeves. I asked again for a full refund or for the jumper to be returned to me. They have disposed of the jumper and refused a full refund. My M&S chargecard is now in shreds and I shall not be buying anymore knitwear from M&S. There is plenty of competition on the high street and the Internet.
Either way I was reading some Chaos fictions and more than a few of the stories was giving me inspiration as to little scenes that could have happened if CBS hadn’t have stopped producing more episodes.
The original heroine is based on the woman who rented an apartment in the 17e Arrondisment to my sister and parents. I changed many things, but she is the basic model.
I trust that our MP knows what he’s doing here and so would be grateful if you would support this venture as it is likely to yield dividends if it is well supported. As far as I can see, this declaration is very sound and says all the right things for us.
What I'm not so enamoured with is the ebook shopping experience. On Amazon UK, you can browse the Kindle bookstore by category - much like you would when shopping for print books. Except, unfortunately, it's not quite that easy. Because when browsing for regular books the 'Children's' navigation menu gives you the option to browse by age range, which is kind of essential when seeking out YA titles to catch your interest. The Kindle bookstore's 'Children's' menu, in contrast, only allows you to browse by genre - and the same goes for shopping on Amazon via your Kindle.
…tomorrow begets sorrow
Eager to preserve their culture of openness and global collaboration, campuses are skirting — and even flouting — export-control laws that require foreigners to hold government licenses to work on sensitive projects.
Here are some of my expat friend's incidents, don't forget to check their blogs!!
When speaking to offenders, he talks down to them like they are all two years old, in the same condescending voice you would use towards someone else's misbehaving toddler or perhaps a puppy. And when speaking to them face to face he does dumb things like jamming his hands into his pockets, letting them know through body language that he is making himself vulnerable.
1 Thessalonians 1:1-10
Courtney Delaney, NHHS deputy chairperson of the Learner Representative Council (LRC) said: “Today we are building relationships with each other through the inter-class rugby competition.”
and within a few minutes chugged along the streets to this
Writing is lonely, but a site like Authonomy is the virtual equivalent of the office water cooler. You can log on, enjoy a chat, read a thread, then get back to writing.
The Obama administration is managing a $75 billion program that so far has helped about 231,000 homeowners with permanent reductions to their monthly mortgage bills. That’s about 20 percent of the 1.2 million borrowers who started the program over the past year.
Once again my name is Danielle * and my son Jacob * is a second grade student at Lighthouse Elementary. I emailed a letter to you last week regarding my son and the lack of care the School District has shown toward his education. I spoke with some of you on Thursday and Friday of last week and I thank you for taking the time to speak with me. However, Superintendent Gent, I was promised a phone call from *Coleman, which I did not receive and * Parks was to get back to me today and once again nothing. I understand that you are all busy dealing with the students of Palm Beach County, but I am dealing with my son’s education and I will not stop until I get the assistance and answers both he and I deserve.
La Femme blushes are sold in pan form, meaning they are just in the pan and have no other packaging. I opted to get the 12 pan palette that Make Up Mania sells (here). The palette is made of a durable cardboard and quite sturdy. It has magnetic wells and pin holes so you can easily move the pans around when necessary.
So, now that I’ve been eating steadily healthier I am finding myself with so much more energy in the evenings. I think I’ve touched on this before. I need to figure out something to do with myself now that I’m not ready to crash at 6pm. Sitting on the couch is no longer cutting it. Tonight it was too cold and windy to go out for a walk. I’ve been doing pushups and squats randomly. It’s just not enough. I can’t wait for summer so I can go out and do sprints in the evening.
– Don’t assume the store, or associates or managers, have as much access to web-based information, even about their own products, as you do. Even though it’s logical to expect, many retailers are not investing in this.
Weakness: This isn’t one of Coach K’s best defensive teams. The Blue Devils are ranked among the ACC’s worse in several defensive categories including scoring defense and defensive field goal percentage. That’s why teams have been able to put up huge numbers on Duke at times this year. Unless Duke makes a commitment to defense it will go home disappointed again.
Despite nodding and saying "Yes, yes, I understand" when these well-meaning people abused me and threw rocks at my head trying to get some sense in there, I still had trouble putting E@L's tone and voice into these pieces. Perhaps I was thinking that this writing would be associated with *me* rather than E@L, that first-draft wunderkind whom we all love and know so well. Or is that meant to be other way around? Ah, I'll fix in the next draft.
Do you have to spend time away from your family/friends/husband/loved ones for work? How you do deal with it? Would love to hear your stories.
The Dark Knight Rises takes place 8 years after the events in The Dark Knight, where Batman took the fall for the crimes of Harvey Dent. Now, a new terrorist leader known as Bane has come with plans to throw Gotham into chaos. So Batman resurfaces to take him on.
We had a ballerina and a pirate. I do refuse to spend much money on Halloween costumes, it's just not in our budget! I was able to make Miss M's costume using our dress-up box and just bought a little "bling" to make it special. JB's costume proved more difficult and I ended up buying a five dollar job from Five Below...great deal! Prince Charming whipped up a hook so JB could be Captain Hook, he loved it!
The women in the house were cooking all afternoon. We have tons of vegies, salsas, salads, dressings, breads, he even makes cheese for us. And the cold goat’s milk ain’t half bad either.
“I had so many conference calls that my ear damn near fell off. And so many of the participants had foreign accents that nobody knew what they were talking about. For example: “This nexta projeht is due in October. Ah ah ah…. Oct 24. Do you have any questionsa?” And someone said, “Well, I don’t-eh know-eh what -eh you mean-eh.” And then someone piped in and said: “Excuse me, I have a small doubt. Could you please to ‘splain?” And then Suki spoke up and said: “This Suki. Am I on wrong call?”
Note to self, never attempt to review a whole company worth of products at once again.
The ultimate question, which cannot yet be answered, is whether a devoutly secular society can muster the spiritual resources to fight a religious war. Secular culture is, after all, spiritually enervated, and our tolerant society has allowed a popular culture to emerge which is unprecedented (at least since the late Roman Empire) in its decadence, degradation, and materialism. When Osama bin Laden points his finger at this cesspool, he touches a responsive chord in those of us who are opposed to him and yet recognize that something is indeed wrong.
Zoinks! - Well and Good (Dr. Strange. Pop punk)
Watching the video got me contemplating the arts in general... and my thoughts soon drifted to the beautiful drawings of Rembrandt and Leonardo, which gave me the idea to put pen to paper and create some art.
It is the right of any person in the US to seek wealth. But great wealth is not gained through work. You cannot get rich by working harder. Rather, wealth is gained through manipulation of money, property, laws, and people, all of which have broad effects on others. It is here that the danger of plutocracy exists. The seed of potential abuse lies within freedom itself.
She gave me birth. She took care of me and is still doing that. She always knew what’s the reason I was crying and helped when I was in trouble. She knows me better than I do just because she was always close to me. I could never imagine my life without her, cause she is the person I admire and follow. There are no words to explain and to describe my love and gratitude to her. She makes my life colourful and exciting. She is my Mother!
At the end of her chapter entitled, “Sex, Lies, and Secularism” the author is giving the prescription for winning the minds of the youth in this culture, however, it is a message that is imperative for us to hear as we consider reaching the culture at large:
‘Til Tuesday
9. Fountain and Fairfax
* and HSM, but I'm not telling him that cuz, well, there are only so many kudos you can freely bestow upon a Hot Sexy Man before he reminds you about them, like when he posits how you can be Mensa material one minute and a laughable 12-year-old the next. Clearly, I'm not a 12-year-old (I know you are, but what am I?); I'm just flexible (that's what HE said!) on an intellectual level.
locket, as a symbol of the limitless imagination and fantastical
Kill yourself if you think this color analogy is appropriate. You have failed as a translator if you do shit like this and try to justify your stupidity. It is simply pants-on-head retarded. The word “rose-colored” means something in English, and it is most commonly associated with the idiom “rose-colored glasses.” Thus, 99.9% of English speakers (not just hurrdurr Americans) will misinterpret the line.
Before there was Ty Segall, Nobunny or Fe Fi Fo Fums, there were the second wave garage bands from the so-called early ’90s revival. With the exception of Detroit’s Gories, Billy Childish’s Thee Headcoats and Memphis’ Oblivians, some of the best stripped-down, dirty guitar bands from that era came from the West Coast: The Mummies, Supercharger, The Fall-Outs, Girl Trouble. And one of the most incredible of them all came out of Seattle. Not even one band, actually, since none of his ten or so bands ever lasted very long, but a guitarist with a beat up Fender amp and a classic graveyard howl: Rob Vasquez.
And so when we look at the greatest example we have; that is Jesus Christ himself you will see he was born a star, he was called the bright and morning star and he was made a star. Matthew 28 v 18 He said all power in heaven and on earth has been giving unto me.
- It’ll be an interesting read in 10 years, – I said to myself, wrapped the 5 notebooks in a newspaper and put them away with the books my parents would never venture to read (Victor Hugo and Daniel Defoe).
Schrodinger came into my life 17 years ago when a tiny kitten showed up on my doorstep one day. He was weak, starving, dehydrated, and limping from a broken leg, and he had an infected gash on the back of his head. I took him to the vet, who told me he probably wouldn't live through the night. He was about 3 months old at the time. The doctor said it was pointless to try to save him, and that he should be euthanized, but when I looked in those little green eyes I just couldn't do it. I asked the doctor if there was anything he could do, no matter how pointless it seemed. He said he could try some IV fluids and nutrition, and some antibiotics for the infection. But it would be expensive, he said, and it would be silly to spend that kind of money on a feral kitten that probably wouldn't live anyway.
half an onion, chopped
Lets take it from the top shall we. Jack once was the good guy, helping the castaways after the crash. He took charge and made good sound decisions to keep the castaways safe. He then slowly turned into the bad guy. Sawyer was the bad guy and slowly morphed into the good guy. Claire was the good girl and after axing her captive, we know she’s on the wrong side of the tracks. Michael, good guy, looking out for his son, and then the bad guy, killing Ana Lucia and Libby. Ben, good, bad, good, bad, and over and over. Charlie, Locke, Sayid, Boone, Ana Lucia, even Jacob and MIB. In fact, everyone has had a scale malfunction shifting either from good to evil or evil to good. Some have had several scale changes.
A Pennsylvania hospital says it was spreading lung cancer …Wait, spreading it how? It’s not contagious, is it? Well, no:
I wonder why---
I'm debating purchasing a professional sprayer. I've been looking at a HVLP paint sprayer. It's going to cost $400-500 but will allow me to transform my 6 dining room chairs (and the test chair!) and as many as other pieces of furniture as I can get my hands on! Stay tuned!
Traill County Sheriff Mike Crocker says there have been racial statements made to security people outside of the company’s Hillsboro facility. He says he recently saw a monkey-like figure hanging from a noose attached to a large inflatable rat outside the plant. He says it was removed the next day.
Basically, Samuel had not pooped for at least 10 days and the doctors believe from all of the blood work and x-rays that he existed these last 2 years in a constant state of dehydration and constipation. It truly breaks my heart. I won't go into detail (seriously, I almost took a picture!) but it took 2 suppositories, a full bag of IV fluids, a full enema, and 2 doses of Miralax for him to get it out!! Oh.My.Word!!! He is now on Miralax twice a day because his colon is so stretched from the constipation over the last 2 years. The hope is that if he goes once a day, it will eventually shrink and that could take many months, maybe a year.
The most important part. Did I have fun? I sure had. I am a sucker for romance and this delivered splendidly, and no – not “that” kind of romance, I mean pure romance. The cute art, the funny characters and the very enjoyable romance made for a fun series. Especially when coupled with things like dating sims which I can relate to seeing as I have played them before. Now, I won’t deny that the series was catered to people like me – after all, I could relate rather easily to Keima, not to mention that I love romance and cute art. This had all of them. Now, the question is – would other people feel the same? I think so as long as they like romance and the artstyle. If you did not like the first season however, definitely don’t watch the second – it really is just more of the same. I highly recommend this series to people who like romance and who can at the very least tolerate the moe artstyle in this series – it’s not super amazing, but it’s definitely a quality series which I give a score of 8.5 out of 10 to. Just remember that just like the previous season, the romance is in short arcs only to move on to another girl. It’s just like a reset switch, in which he has to make another girl fall in love with him the next time.
The 19-year-old subsequently claimed that his signature was a "fake" and that he did not want to stand. Section 5 of the Perjury Act forbids any person from making a false statutory declaration.
Let me start from the beginning.
I know exactly we're it is that I've been. I know exactly what I want and what it looks like. My path had been trod down deep as I've being scared and hurt. My footsteps have given me a trail we're I know exactly what it is that gives me a sense of freedom and attraction.
This is hard to do. When we are being yelled at, when we're being cursed at, when we are faced with huge levels of frustration and resistance in the face of things that simply must get done, it is difficult for us to recognize that all emotions have value and deserve to be treated with respect, not just the "happy" emotions; after all, having and learning to deal with emotions is critical to an engaged and passionate life. And it is difficult to pull back and do the right thing by contributing to the comfort and security of our children so we can diffuse and help, as opposed to contribute to the frustration and anger of our children in an attempt to escalate and win.
"Potty training - oh yeah, that doesn't worry me, it's going to be so simple. I'll have him trained before he is two, no problem, I could probably even wing it in a day."
I am no longer alone, scared, scarred, overlooked and viewed as no one.
When they were building the bar area they were behind schedule, in a hurry, discovered a skeleton arm with hand attached coming out of the wall, but time was slipping away so Mr. Bones got covered up again , the bar built over him...
(Jew/Gentile-race) is broken and the Spiritual wall erected (Elect/Reprobate)
“To help sell the fox restoration program, for which we had no money, we came up with the media spin that one of the main reasons golden eagles reside on park islands was because of pigs. This would help vilify the pigs and help support the pig removal project. We didn’t really remind folks that by 1991, we had shot all the pigs on Santa Rosa Island, so there were no pigs for eagles to eat. Of course, the golden eagles eat pigs, but they eat many more foxes, which are easier for them to catch.”
And, by teaching “numbers” in this abstract way, she suddenly is getting it. She also saw letters in a sign and pointed out the ones she knew. Interesting, by “not” teaching her letters and numbers directly, she seems to be grasping their concepts easier. And, learning them in association with other actions makes them less boring and more fun.
9. Twenty-Four Hours of Sunshine - Reg Owen & His Orchestra
In the Combine's HQ, they receive a giftbox but when they open it, several bats fly out and they find a note from Batman warning them about activating the Terminators.
people come, people go, I could die tomorrow
She argues, judges, defends. A topic is presented; she -always the justice seeker- takes it to it's logical conclusion.
We also have a lovely Daphne which @Teaganthedog's Mum sent Mummy Enid for her birthday! In addition, Trea recently came across what is hyped as "the world's most fragrant flower" - Polianthes Tuberosa (picture below). It was very popular in Victorian times and is now making a comeback...if you can get the bulbs!! Luckily dat Trea has managed to buy 10!!
The new government code of practice will impact on responsible and irresponsible pubs alike
The acting is uneven. Chris Hemsworth still gives the same look in every scene. Jeremy Renner and Stellan Skarsgård, both fine actors, have not much to work with. And Mark Ruffalo and Robert Downey Jr. are still the two thespians who truly embodied their roles.
It's interesting to me that this word doesn't seem to mean you can own this BLISS every day for a lifetime. It is an instance of happiness, something while perhaps not fleeting, it may not last, but at the same time will make you go....TA DA.
As the writer of Pride and Prejudice and Zombies, Grahame-Smith, you will find, easily captures the reader’s attention for his entire novel. Critics have said nothing but great things about this book, and it has been titled a National Bestseller by New York Times, Los Angeles Times, Washington Post, Wall Street Journal, USA Today, and Publishers Weekly just to name a few. After having read it myself, I’d definitely recommend it to you to read before its film is released in late June of this year!
I believed most of the answer is “YES”. Me too… I love Rainbow!
Vishal
I'm an avid reader. And let me just say that the invent of ebooks has changed my life. I love them. I love being able to get on the web and either buy a book instantly or download it from the library. Instant! I love it!
I’d never really done any meditation in the ‘sitting still on the floor for half an hour’ kind of way, but it really allowed me to get my head around a lot of the changes that have been taking place in me and around me over the past 6 weeks, and further back than that.
His joints at each stir made a crack, and the cur
My Neighbours Throw Like Girls.
I was on a track to be the big artist! I took a private class from the chairmen of the department. He had been the president of Kansas City Art Institute. He had me on a plan to go to France, and hang out in galleries and museums locally, draw everyday..a whole program for fame. He gave the seniors their own studio's..it was a high and heady time. I had a big station wagon to carry my 5 by 4 foot paintings...
Sunday: trail in my neighborhood around lake, 1.3 miles, 13 minutes.
Shoulders falling down like teardrops.
Card fact: This is the seventh time that there has been back-to-back cards of players wearing powder blue uniforms. Five of those occasions involved Phillies players.
I hope to pop in to blogland and catch up with your posts too. I love reading about what you've been up to and what you are making, etc. :)
Don't lag at the wash basin. Don't grease your hair, because travel is dusty. Don't imagine for a moment that you are going on a picnic. Expect annoyances, discomfort and some hardships.
I welcome your comments.
He wheeled her over to the long window. It was a first floor room with a little balcony outside. They’d let her have a room to herself—it was a lonely luxury. The snow was falling faster now, and the ground below was already nearly covered with a white rug She looked and looked. It was beautiful.
Last night a good friend of mine stopped by for dinner. Looking for something quick and easy, I decided to make grilled margarita pizzas for us. The only problem is that 1), i do not have a working oven at the moment, and 2). I do not have a grill. The solution? Cook the pizzas on the stove in my cast iron pans. They turned out surprisingly well!
However stupid these questions might seem to be, we must remember that, as people, we love stories. That's why we care about what kind of detergent our neighbour uses and why isn't he married, because he already is 45 years old. Apparently we like stories really really much.
Save $1.00 when you buy ONE any Frozen Pillsbury Egg ScramblesTM OR Grands! Biscuit Sandwiches.
For instance, I love motorcycles, Harley Davidson to be exact, that's nothing new.
British comedian, VegSocUK
I bought an 8x8 album (already covered in faux fur) -- I covered the inside covers with scrapbook paper, added glittered chipboard letters to the front with the Ultimate Glue, and some photo corners & acetate for her picture, and added some picture pockets inside in addition to the 8x8 pages. Then, I found these great 4x6 cards at Michaels along with some coasters & a luggage tag -- all in the dollar bins (plus I used a coupon!). I used the luggage tag to make her a bookmark. The 4x6 cards were for friends & family to write their memories of Emily on--then they were added to the picture pockets, and pictures were added to the photo pages as well. My sister set these cards out at her party and asked those that attended to write a memory/congratulatory wishes on the cards, and added them to her book. Some family members had already added a few pages, such as our family. Some of the 8x8 pages were also used as collages and such. I also changed the plain white pages to decorative scrapbook papers in matching color themes --some of the 8x8 pages can also become pockets for cards/memorabilia she'd like to keep as well.
The Department for Environmental Protection’s (DEP) Division of Water (DOW) provides a public notice process for Kentucky Pollutant Discharge Elimination System (KPDES) and other wastewater permits, Water Quality Certifications (WQC), State Planning and Environmental Assessment Reports (SPEARs) and environmental findings associated with State Revolving Fund (SRF) funded projects.
what roads we'll take, whose heart we'll break
Get Excited
For further information please contact Jenni Mitchell (03) 9439 3458 or Mobile 0417 585 102.
Katniss Everdeen is an incredibly courageous character. Her foundation is the loss of her father and therefore, the loss of her innocence. Katniss has built an impenetrable wall because emotions in the Seam, in District 12, in Panem are useless and will not keep her family from starving. Collins creates a character we care about, root for, and wish to protect. Throughout the entire book we hope that she survives the ruthless and cruel Hunger Games hosted by the Capitol because she is a fighter, and because her sister Prim needs her to.
Conway – You’ve focused on the quarter, but still run 19.98 in the deuce. Have you ever thought about trying to make a World or Olympic team in the 200?
The Solar Flares
And I have my beads!
But with good reason, I swear.
for eight and forty hours.
Pam’s unexpected phone call. She made me laugh!
*Click here for our full rating system.
Every situation is considered in terms of sensory demands on Mr. Sensitive – flickering classroom lights; overwhelming visual stimuli (kids moving around cleaning up); overwhelming auditory stimuli (the clean-up song and sound of toys crashing onto the shelf) – means that it is ok if Mr. Sensitive hides in a cubby hole while the rest of the kids clean up. Add the anxiety to sensory overload and you have a total meltdown. Although I will say that Mr. Sensitive does not have Autism (as far as we know, and he’s only been seen by half a dozen doctors); I completely emphasize with parents of kids with Autism. It is so frustrating to see the seemingly little things in the world wreak havoc with your child’s central nervous system and the resulting behaviour. Every parent wants to see their kid happy.
In the remains of a burning building - the conference room of the Fijian UN headquarters - a pile of corpses was burning.
On the eve of the predicted Singularity, the Cosmist collective issues a statement to the Terrans: “Concentrate, and listen carefully. Humanity must continue to evolve. To halt our natural evolution into radical transhumanism would be an insult to the very nature of humanity itself. Furthermore, after the Artilect is integrated into our world economy and politics- as is inevitable- only radically intellectually enhanced transhumans will be able to relate to, understand, and interact with the strong AI infrastructure. Resistance is futile. You can’t stop a rocket by throwing a stick at it.”
I think my old Canon is getting jealous.
It’s Baseball season once again. Spring is my second favorite season of the year, mainly because of all the sports that are happening at the same time. You have the NFL draft, NBA & NHL playoffs, and the beginning of America’s Game; Baseball.
- Caroline Myss
Throughout history and throughout time, we continuously find ourselves repeating the same crime, they deemed war a panacea, a remedy for all. They couldn’t get what they wanted so they tore us all apart.
And do you see how close we are to them? I’m taking all these pictures from inside the car, while we are driving. Though the driver was very careful and a great driver we were still extremely close to all the people walking and motorcycles and cars and trucks riding along with us. Oh… I do not miss driving in Indian roads.
Here are some who live nearby.
I was only ever there once, and that must be ten years ago, but I remember it quite clearly.
First off, there was just entirely too much rejection going on for my freshly-rejected self to process. I first started watching during the season with DeAnna — who had been rejected the season before by Brad. DeAnna then rejected Jason the next season, choosing the juvenile Jesse the snowboarder instead. So Jason became the next Bachelor, rejecting Molly at the end of the season and choosing perky Dallas Cowboy Cheerleader Melissa.
Around mile 8 somebody had a beer booth. I did the only logical thing, I stopped and grabbed a sip of beer. Right after drinking the ounce of beer, my foot started to feel funny. It seemed as if there was weight on the inside of the ball of my foot causing it to drag on the ground. I have never had this happened before. When I would look down it felt as it I was going to pass out. So I did what an idiot would do; I looked ahead and eventually the foot thing went away. I was pretty concerned about that episode since I was already starting to dehydrate at this point.
Generations of ranching families, the nation’s armed forces, sovereign Native nations, and threatened and endangered species all depend on healthy, intact large landscapes of the desert southwest. This landscape includes unfragmented open spaces, significant perennial desert rivers, and a rich and diverse assemblage of cultural resources.
In a shocking and completely unprecedented turn of events the porn gang find themselves running out of petrol on an isolated stretch of road with still a hundred miles to go to their intended destination and things only get worse when they stumble upon a dilapidated petrol station that doesn’t have any petrol but does have liberal supplies of cocaine and a local nutcase (Irwin Keyes) who thinks the best way to make friends is to jump out people wearing a wrestling mask. Local nutcase points the porno kids back to the road and portentously adds that they will have to pass La Sangre de Dios to complete their journey.
comfort zone: Just me and my spine. I was dwarfed and engulfed by an
When I was researching the 14th book in my Roman Mysteries series, The Beggar of Volubilis, I was shocked to see contemporary depictions of Cleopatra on coins. These portraits showed Cleopatra as a frizzy-haired, bull-necked hag with a hooked nose and jutting chin. And a man's Adam's apple! She looks like a transvestite, for goodness sake.
Victorian times and around the turn of the century is such an evocative period and while I’m aware of how hard times were in those days, I think that period offers so much atmosphere and drama for a writer to draw on.
Demar Phillips is on trial at League One Oldham with a view to going on a season-long loan. Striker Adam Rooney, who scored during Stoke’s 3-0 friendly victory at Newcastle Town, is going on a week-long training camp with Scottish Premier League side Inverness Caledonian Thistle.
It has oft been written that boxing is truly the most cerebral of sports. There are as many boxing styles as there are boxers, from the solid “Iron Fist” of Vitali Klitschko, which largely revolves around soaking up the bulk of his opponent’s arguments before delivering a crippling one liner which renders the victim unable to continue, to the controversial ‘chatty’ style of Mike Tyson, which left at least one enemy complaining of having his ear chewed off by the end of the bout.
94. The Wind-Hear, Em Skearem (Self-Released)
~Grilled cheese & tomato soup
Assistant is literally like a personal assistant, but in your phone. The speech interpretation is so accurate that users do not even have to speak very clearly or in a slow and robotic tone, according to a source familiar with the software. Users can simply talk how they would usually talk to another person, and the iPhone with Assistant will do its best to interpret the speech and provide accurate results.
I wouldn’t be the resilient, sharp cookie I am today had it not been for my mother. She did the best with what she knew and, as a wife abandoned by her husband (my father) and recipient of years of abuse (my step-father), she dealt with things the only way she knew how. My mother grew up with a mom who drank. It makes perfect sense that she did too. I am an addict. I caught on real quickly (much to the horror of my mother) and took the self-medication-train to destruction, complete with stripper pole and g-string.
Of course I had to get some sewing in and have been promising a new pillow for Brooke's apartment. I made this pillow out of ivory canvas and monogrammed her initial in the middle. I made piping for the edges out of cording covered with bias tape. It was very easy to make so look for this sewing project in a future post!
You are not alone on this question. We as Realtors face it often this time of year with our home sellers. One of the first things we tell our home sellers to do when they decide to put the house on the market is to clear away all of the clutter. So are Christmas decorations clutter? Yes.. and No.
Whether you are a person of faith or not, if you have a desire to improve any area of your life, you do it! Don’t let fear and doubt rule you. Yes change is scarry for most of us but when it is for your good it is so worth the challenge! Over come your fears.
Upon arrival, I immediately noticed that it was all girls…except for two boys. I was honestly pretty surprised by this at first, but then I realized that most participants are girls in the group fitness setting so it made since. Also, it wasn’t hard to realize that everyone was nervous. None of us had a clue as to what we should expect…even the people who had done previous Les Mills certifications.
McGill University scientist Timothy Geary's investigation focus on parasitic worms, or helminths, which live inside the body.
- Reveal my top 5 picks and let them know by leaving a comment on their blog.
My next task is to behave around my viola. And then to play “Fix You” on piano while singing. It might be a bit tricky. Especially the singing part. Well, I’ve got a week, and I’m trying every single day, so it can’t be all bad. I hope.
I usually managed to miss all the germs that do the rounds at this time of year but oh boy did I pick this one up. I’ve had all the usual suspects, soar throat, upset tummy, sneezing, coughing and sinusitis and a chest infection thrown in for good measure but just to add insult to injury I’ve now broken out in what looks like a shaving rash all along my right jaw line and have no idea what has caused it. I can only assume that it’s because I’m so run down at the moment.
Yes, I am grateful for the wisdom that comes from years of making mistakes, saying the wrong things, and learning how to listen more and speak less. Being kind is a virtue that comes gracefully with age, and from appreciating every living being, regardless of the odd little worlds they drag around with them. It comes from releasing the resentment or fear I hold onto. Making an extended hand instead of a fist.
Next, paint your design- the possibilities are endless! This is a great way to do dry water marbles, tiny details you simply cannot make on your own hands, or even ensure that you are completely happy with your design before committing to put it on your nails.
And who were those subcontractors in the Azizabad raid working for? The United Nations. That’s right—the most flagrant breach in oversight of Afghan security firms occurred under a United Nations contract not a United States contract. And the most nefarious Afghan warlord implicated in the report, “Mr. White II,” was primarily a benefactor of the UN hired after White II’s Taliban connections became clear. From the report’s executive summary:
Ouch.
When the music stops,
We are also taken to the American spy ship USS Pueblo, captured in 1968 and now moored on the river bank in Pyongyang. It is guarded by armed sailors. Do the North Koreans really dream the Americans will try to snatch it back? We are shown round the ship and treated to a film on the perfidy of the American Imperialists, but we are not allowed to enter the ship’s code room, the entrance to which is blocked by a uniformed, unsmiling North Korean sailor.
For now, I put it in my pocket.
Our server, Paco, was incredibly charming and cheerful throughout the night. He almost seemed to be putting on a show.
Strike - When all 10 pins are knocked down with one ball. You get 10 points for these pins, plus the points of the next 2 balls thrown.
We are lucky enough to be able to supplement this and the many and various water butts with a metered supply of mains water available from the last hard frost to the first which feeds through a 12mm pipe into ten dip tanks. The system is painstakingly coaxed into life and maintained by plot holder Andy and Bob, one of our site wardens. Inevitably though after years of heavy use from the fifty or so plots on site it has started to show signs of wear and tear with some of the narrow pipes, which run underground, distorting.
Sell off: Boots is owned by Italians, and headquartered in Switzerland
Hansi Fischer - Saxophone, Flute
(long, long pause)
This one's gonna be a short one because I'm tired, I've had some wine, and I've got to do some reading before I go to bed (which will happen shortly, I hope). However, a techno dance party with some really loud and very bass-heavy music started about 10 minutes ago in the Student Union that's only a tennis ball's throw away from my open windows. And I'm a girl, so I don't throw very far.
it has a makeshift and homely feel to it, this easily dismantled and lightweight gangplank, emphasising the temporary nature of ferries and crossings, these transitional places, where you are suspended on water surface, while the sea bubbles and froths below you. Where you are kept afloat by belief and by confidence that this water will not abruptly break apart and cast you into its deeps, but it will all hold together, this tiny wooden scooped out shell, floating on the
It’s probably one of the most beautiful trips you wil ever take
4) Leave drugstore hair color for the ladies, they seem to have better luck.
Tom had been in his usual spot the day they’d moved in to no.32. The smart navy blue removal van had perked him up no end, gold lettering and all. None of your cheap man-with-a-van here; they must have stuff worth taking care of. There’d been an awful lot of boxes and some of them had looked right heavy. He’d been there when they’d pulled up in the car and gone into the house for the first time; her carrying two laptop bags, him carefully holding a cat basket. No dog though, that was good.
“and this….” she said, pointing to the telltale X’s just above my posterior and looking at me disapprovingly, “I not sure what you do to cause this..”
“Huh? Lights?” That’s when we looked out the window and saw police cars next door at John’s parents’ house and the fire engine in our driveway, right outside the six-year-old’s bedroom window. (He slept through all this, too, as did his mother, although she was closer to consciousness and had some bizarre dreams.) There were enough flashing lights outside to safely land an extraterrestrial space ship. How we slept through it all is a mystery to me. The blinds were open and I wasn’t even wearing earplugs. They were so quiet. There was no squawking of police radios. No sirens. Just the drone of the fire engine, which didn’t sound too much worse than our furnace kicking on. We were so asleep it’s a wonder we even answered the phone.
And how many will be drawn in by such an ad, and will set out on a journey that may leave them even more lonely and disappointed than they were before?
Nobody else can do it for you
Beatles Helter skelter UK
Warehouse K is a concrete warehouse with wooden floors, with barrels racked three high on each floor. Warehouse L is all-concrete, with barrels racked six high on each floor. L is considered to be better insulated, so it ages more slowly than K.
Hedonic calculus – a means for measuring how good or bad a consequence is.
THIS IS ACTUALLY EDGAR 2 - ONE I MADE TO SELL - BRYAN'S EDGAR WAS OF COURSE FINISHED ONLY HOURS BEFORE HE WAS PLOPPED IN HIS BASKET.
I have spent this week wondering when I would hear what happened – despite not being that old I do a great impression of an expectant grandmother! I was delighted today to hear that she did indeed have her home waterbirth and that HypnoBirthing had been a great support… and here is the little cutie himself:
Then came Snow White, with a tiny detour into why “fair” was once considered the most beautiful shade of skin (Europe/long time ago/ethnocentrism), and what a stepmother is (“Usually much nicer!”). Why dwarves would all live together was left unexplained. Why they’d keep a dead girl in a glass casket, ditto. He thought the story was cool. At the same time, though, he was very hot, so got into a tepid bath.
This misleading term is actually inaccurate to the many, many cultures in Africa, and logically due to that ought to be dropped. White Americans deathly afraid of causing offense to black Americans are even helping keep it alive. Maybe they should recognize that if being called “white” is acceptable, then “black” should be fine too.
To list and explain the daily cornucopia of unique behaviours this man exhibits would require an entire book, so I'll start with the simplest and most enduring - his complete unawareness of what's going on.
If readers have more to add to the list, please post your ideas as comments.
For dessert, we had fortunes.
I always meet my authors in person or on skype. That way I can tell what sort of person they are off the bat and if we would get on. You get a feeling about these things.
Of course, I'd be lying if I told you all your stitches are going to look great from day one. Unfortunately no one is born knowing exactly how to free motion quilt. Everyone goes through a period of very ugly stitches and thread issues.
Today’s verse is:
After we made it back home I turned to my old trick of drinking a pale ale.
BACKSEAT ROMEOS (Lincolnshire, England, UK)
3) Come back to this post and leave a comment including a DIRECT link to your creation or use the linky application below. Remember to make it a link to the specific post or picture and not just a general link to your blog or gallery. We need to be able to find your art!
So which license is really the friend of freedom? Which open source or free software license rises above ethics into the realm of morals and does away with threats of violence? If the license is based on the concept of copyright, it is violent and antithetical to freedom. If the license tries to force people to do or not do certain things in order to comply with copyright law it cannot be a friend of freedom.
Continuing on with my personality inventory:
Put on the full armor of God so that you can take your stand against the devil's schemes. For our struggle is not against flesh and blood, but against the rulers, against the authorities, against the powers of this dark world and against the spiritual forces of evil in the heavenly realms.
My Mom makes a meal of some kind and tonight it's Frito-Tacos which my husband LOVES! He comes for the food and then splits before it gets too crazy! By crazy I mean loud, glittery and silly! We usually craft until around 4am.
I recently had to sign an NDA (a Non-Disclosure Agreement, sometimes called a confidentiality agreement) before this one firm would hire me for a freelance gig. It's become common practice the last few years. But here's my question: what exactly are they protecting?
Turkish Airlines’ Chief Investment and Technology Officer, Ahmet Bolat, Ph.D. added, “We believe that this new partnership will boost traffic between Turkey and the U.S. with JetBlue’s wide-ranging network via New York’s John F. Kennedy International Airport and Washington Dulles International Airport. We’re very excited to bring JetBlue service to Turkish Airlines’ customers.”
Vackie, Edward and I had decided to rent a room at a hotel and invite a few people over on the eve of my birthday. Nothing fancy, really. Just a quiet night with friends. Vackie, Edward and Arlan didn't show up.
When my son finished college, he brought home a pet tortoise. The turtle's name is Sticky and I have inherited him. Last week, my son cleaned his tank and set him outside to crawl around. Well, Sticky disappeared. We thought he would move so slowly that he couldn't have gotten far. Well, it was so hot outside, that Sticky headed for the shade. He crawled under some bushes and we really couldn't find him. I was starting to get worried, but using a shovel, I lifted several bushes and there he was, chillin'.
We were told that what we were doing amounted to shoplifting and they had a good mind to prosecute. They'd seen us here before messing around and would stand for it no longer. They'd take it no futher but we were both banned for life.
Rosy Cheeks. My first LO with this kit uses lots of distressed layers in unusual colors for winter.
2: Goddamn, reviewers like to make you laugh! The cutting sarcasm, the deriding mockery, the withering hail of cynical lambastation; it’s like Mozart, Tchaikovsky & Vanessa Mae working on T-Rex cover Albums. I mean, think about it. If you sit there, all day long, doing nothing but playing games, and evaluating them, dehumanizing the process and having to remain objective: you’re going to go rapidly insane. Humour, that wonderful endorphin-booster, is there to make the process so much easier!
Dark and cold, the black night.
This is quite a departure for a country best known for producing wine and liqueurs, although in recent years the creation of Grey Goose and Ciroc vodkas and Citadelle gin, all respected products, have broadened the French portfolio.
The show will be a combination revue of songs and sketches by me with a core cast of trusted worthies…plus top contemporary variety acts drawn from the burlesque, circus, sideshow, clown, comedy and contemporary music scenes.
The Radiologists could see right through it.
7. Black
While Ray exhibited occasionally, notably in 1984, 'Works by Ray Johnson' at the Nassau County Museum of Fine Arts on Long Island, and 'More Works by Ray Johnson.' 1951-1990 at the Moore College of Art and Design in Philadelphia, he repeatedly shunned the art world. He often refused to exhibit and/or threatened to cancel exhibitions. When Johnson did show his artwork, he was represented by the dealer Richard Feigen, with whom he battled over the nature of the art market
—William Blum
An humorous, offbeat story really about two lost, lonely people, one an average working man, who gets fired and dumped and attempts suicide and the other a girl with social anxiety disorder.
We kicked off our festivities at the Pineapple in Kentish Town on Good Friday. With casks setup in the garden, and pie ploughmans' platters, I thought we'd stumbled our way to Kent itself. But the hip and groovy yoofs told us otherwise, even if only 1 in 5 of them were brave enough to move away from Stella. After being shouted at by a punter becuase I was lucky enough to get money off using my CAMRA card, we proceeded to drink our way through all 24 beers available that day. Surprisingly for me, I went with a popular choice for my favourite of the festival- Derventio's Cleopatra- fruity (masses of apricot silkiness), pale and girly- all the things I usually avoid in an ale. But this one was something special, a perfect Easter treat. You could almost see the bunnies and chicks frolicking in it.
6) What forms of discipline did this person use to help bring himself/herself closer to Christ?
16/08 19:10 M 100 Metres Semi-Final
Plus Professional Cover Design for £100, this is optional.
the bladder
The reality is insurers need to set aside organizational, product and distribution constraints in order to explore what today’s consumers want to purchase- when, where and how they want to engage.
A Swiss meringue is made by heating egg whites and sugar in a double boiler until the mixture reaches 110°F to 120°F. Then the mixture is beaten until stiff. This technique ensures that the sugar is completely dissolved and stabilizes the meringue.
I had a friend share with me that she was challenged to insert her name within these promises. Every time there is an ‘us’ or an ‘our’, insert your name. Read this passage aloud with your name in place. You will hear these promises that were designed for YOU, dear reader.
Blazing Saddles (1974). Bart (Cleavon Little) to the KKK while pretending to have been captured: “Hey, where the white women at?”
Newark
INVESTIGATION INTO ALLEGED TELEPHONE HACKING IN SCOTLAND
Waterproof a Tent
rest of the animal kingdom is the ability to communicate with oneself (to have a
i have long said that instead of forcing highschool students to get through algebra II there should be a new requirement to graduate, a course in basic personal finance. included in the curriculum would be things like balancing a check book, and key things that impact your credit score (not to mention the impact of your credit score on your options for housing and other major life purchases) and most importantly how to read and comprehend a contract for a credit card.
Why had the world just tilted so
With feed costs seemingly rising by the day, we're fortunate that we've harvested lots of quality forage for our cows thus far. If we can avoid any adverse weather over the next few weeks, we could be looking at one of the best harvest seasons we've had in quite some time.
So mixed opinions there, with the antis slightly shading the pros. As I’ve said before, I see no reason why the measure shouldn’t be allowed, and if it takes off I expect I’ll use it. But I suspect the innate conservatism of drinkers and licensees will prevail. We shall see...
Please take a second to answer our poll question and tell us what you think! Will you be sporting Tangerine Tango this year?
I am glad the holidays are here. To recharge some batteries and spend some lengthy time with my beloved family. But I shall miss the banter, the chat and the closeness of pre-school.
I was praying that you and me might end up together
From – To: Tokyo – Okinawa
We sat down and ate spaghetti.
As a homework dad, I have now been blogging for about a week. Some of you have “liked” what I’ve written. Others of you have “commented” on my thoughts. And a few of you have begun to “follow” my odyssey. Even if you’re just stopping by, thanks for the support. I look forward to writing more, and I hope you look forward to reading it.
I choke on my spoonful of cornflakes and start laughing.
Speaking of stops, we only stop twice on our 11 hour trip. If we leave around 3 or 4, we plan to stop for breakfast and lunch. This last trip, Gordon had us leave at 1am!!! Insane ;) I will admit, though, that it was nice getting here (to "Texas") at lunch time! We almost always plan our stops around Chick-fil-A's.
As I'm sure I've said before, an entire MP3 blog could probably be created dedicated solely to Beatles cover versions - in fact, one probably exists already, but the subject doesn't fascinate me enough to go looking for it.
One last thing:
Too, it may well be that science some day will explain NDEs as a combination of one’s psychology, religious or other beliefs, and physiological changes accompanying on a medical crisis. Newton doesn’t consider whether the interstices for angels and rainbows may be growing insupportably small.
The cup cakes and tea cup were stamped onto cream card in the Victorian velvet before being painted with a variety of distress inks.
Paper: Basic Gray, Blushing Bride, Whisper White, In Color DSP
-o- If I could only pick one genre of music to listen to for the rest of my life, I’d struggle for awhile between something sensible like jazz or soul and my go-to favorite, girlie rock (Kelly Clarkson, Pink, Katy Perry…). And I’m not ashamed.
New shoes - clown size - Jack
everlasting fire.
Not to mention that one of his favourite ever albums is The XX's amazing 2009 debut, and that the fashion designers he considers his "main people" of influence are Martin Margiela and Helmut Lang in the contemporary arena, and historically Dior and Balenciaga. These traits sit well with Raf Simons' status as one of the world's most highly regarded menswear designers. His recent women's collections for Jil Sander have been massively influential and critically acclaimed, yet not widely bought and worn.
We will going to our lash lines with this. Just go on the corner and then drag the purple on the lash line and go the same to the other eye. Then we will take virgin which is the new lip gel from still Glamorous Cosmetics.
As the night wore on I suddenly felt the need to relax for a while before I head to sleep. I flipped the TV on and sat back. The channel was set on TV5 where a historical travel show hosted by Kuya ALVIN ABCEDE is airing. As the show ended, I changed the channel to GMA7 where a teaser for the movie under Viva is shown. The leading man, I came to realize, is JOSEPH RONALD NOCUM and his leading lady is former Survivor Philippines Castaway HARLENE SAN JUAN. The film was entitled “Booba Part 2: Final Answer”. The official soundtrack of the film was sung by RICHARD NICDAO, who was discovered two years ago while singing “My Way” in a karaoke bar. The song was composed by NARCI DEL ROSARIO and the title was “Ikaw Ang Joy Ng Buhay Ko”. After the movie teaser, I flipped the channel to ABS-CBN and found that my favorite sitcom was halfway to its end. The show is starred by the popular comedy trio, RALPH ROI ROMANO, EDIEMAR CRUZ and JOHN PAULO MARIANO and was entitled “Palibhasa Cute Boys”.
It is the man of death, my love, the strange invader
Pinterest to the rescue! While perusing recently, I came across the most brilliant idea to solve this sticky problem. Instead of using stickers, use binders clips with the students number on them. To make them a bit more personal, I would probably add the student's names to the sticker and maybe some sort of little graphic. Then at the end of the year, I would probably give them to the students, and voila, next year make new ones with new students. A relatively cheap solution to a major pain!
Holding your sandwich like this marks you as one of those people who always ask the waiter for chopsticks at Chinese restaurants, like forks are suddenly so gauche because their food is on top of a pile of white rice.
Fad Gadget Back to nature UK
“We can easily forgive a child who is afraid of the dark; the real tragedy of life is when men are afraid of the light.”
“As a dog returneth to his vomit, so did Grift return to the yard.”
I know a bit more about Darwin now since living with boy genius brother; I also know more about mould on bread, underpants on floor and dishes in sink but that’s a story for another day (Jacquie’s Guide to Living with your Brother). Anyway Darwin talks about natural selection and my theory is that people who play “The Game” are idiots. I will naturally be selecting boys who don’t play “The Game” because I do not want idiot children or idiot conversation. I reckon guys who play “The Game” also subscribe to popping their collars and use hashtags with “Just Saying”.
Lovelock previously worked for NASA and became a guru to the environmental movement with his “Gaia” theory of the Earth as a single organism. In 2007 Time magazine named Lovelock one of its “Heroes of the Environment,” and he won the Geological Society of London’s Wollaston Medal in 2006 for his writings on the Gaia theory.
All this earth..
Here are the six types of questions that Socrates asked his pupils. (Probably often to their initial annoyance but more often to their ultimate delight). He was a man of remarkable integrity and his story makes for marvellous reading.
I wandered and read and tried to take photos ... then tried not to get lost. Then tried to avoid the mourners of a funeral in another chapel that seemed to have ended.
Hope you are all having a good week. The weather has turned very cold here in Essex but it didn't stop me from having a lovely afternoon with friends today.
A. No! This administration is taking the nation nowhere, things are not
I had a c-section and as they were taking my baby Patrick said, “The baby has tons of dark hair.”
I will admit that I have a tendency to jump to conclusions about these sorts of laws and, partially because the topic isn’t a really big deal for me, I have a tendency to just listen to what the media is saying about a law. I generally assume that 50% of what they claim the law does is complete and utter bullshit, since that’s my default setting for news, but this time I actually started doing a little research because someone actually bothered to bring up a discrepancy in the facts when talking about the law and posted a link to the bill itself.*
Some of the stewed fruit will be dessert, the remainder will hit the dehydrator. Can't be bad.
I really wanted to try a card that had some movement as I have not made one before so here it is and it was really easy. To make this part of the card you need a brad, a base for the design part that moves, and for mine I needed 2 pieces that are the width of the card with the top piece having a cut out for the brad and pop dots or other dimensional adhesive.
(if you want something lighter, why not try a new "reality" show on itv - "the only way is essex". the definition of a guilty pleasure, but sometimes after a day of working, studying and lectures I'm so brain dead I can't digest anything else ;) anyone else watching this?...)
Much like the shoppers at Christmastime.
I began my morning show quest with the Today Show, which is like the gateway morning show.
I have to do this; I’m not getting any younger. But as I’ve pulled up my bootstraps (and maybe a few others’ boostraps too) with my finances, I think some cut-back is in order. The fallout is I’ve been neglecting some of my friends whom I don’t want to neglect…and I’m tired of the arguments about that running around inside my head. On a purely business level, with less and better clients I can focus more on doing a good job for them instead of rushing through it and on to the next client’s work. And (here it comes) gardening season is now here. God, or someone, help anyone who steals my garden time. I wield a mean weeder, but I prefer to use it to dig up weeds.
Security information
Not only are we called to perfection, we are to teach that as well. Colossians 1:28 says that “We proclaim him, admonishing and teaching everyone with all wisdom, so that we may present everyone perfect in Christ.”
*859 *D-V/22(B)/1983. “Dante – as Traveller and as Artist.” Works of the Mind Lecture Series, The Basic Program, The University of Chicago, Chicago, Illinois. (Incorporated in Item C-2001(6) above, pp. 240-61.)
Steroids/Sterols – From various animal glands or from plant tissues. Steroids include sterols. Sterols are alcohol from animals or plants (e.g., cholesterol). Used in hormone preparation. In creams, lotions, hair conditioners, fragrances, etc. Alternatives: plant tissues, synthetics. See also Stearyl Alcohol.
1. Write for only five minutes.
4 out of 5 stars
...often go awry.
Every year she arrives soon after fall, but this time she decided to make us wait. We waited and waited...spent an almost warm Christmas and an exceptionally mild January (heck this season Kolkata had chillier days than London!). We were feeling smug on having given winter a miss. There were signs of an early spring everywhere-- sprouting daffodil bulbs, spring collections out in shops, people wearing light jackets. Spring and love was in the air.
Why I liked it: Astonishingly realistic characters populate an inspiring story with short chapters. That format and the clear, straightforward writing help to make a difficult subject easy to handle. Auggie doesn't really have special needs. He's just "different." You never know that much about his face, other than that his eyes are too far down and he doesn't exactly have ears. People are shocked when they first see him. The mean kids compare him to Gollum or ET or an orc. But Auggie's used to it.
Again. A ball is rolling. Only God has any clue how it can be stopped. I think for now..sure ...do what we can...cut back...ect ect. But stop bashing those that work out there to support their families, and basically make products you use EVERY DAY!!!
that with care, they are totally repositionable.
West Yorkshire,
Hitchcock gave the example: A man and a woman walk into a room, sit at a table, talk for a bit and then BOOM! the room blows up. That’s straight forward action. To build suspense: A man walks into the room, places a bomb under the table and leaves. Now when that man and woman walk in, sit down and start a conversation, we wait on the edge of seats to see what happens. Tick, tick, tick.
E-mail me directly with ???'s or ask your question in a comment and I will do my best to get back to you as soon as possible.
You truly do appreciate things more when you work hard for them.
13. It's My Own Business
Hope to see you soon
Yeast – Again, the yeast really depends on you. For this beer, I find that the dry Nottingham strain does a very very good job. Crisp, clean, fruity. The Whitbread strain is a perennial favorite so give that a go. If you can find it, the Timothy Taylor strain is brilliant in any dry, crisp golden bitter…thing.
He will also be responsible for developing strategic affiliate and trade marketing activities and negotiating carriage and preferable channel positions for the cable retailer.
Jen Worden I'm lucky in that all it takes is for me to walk out my door across the garden and into my studio to put me in the creative frame of mind. I have so many projects and ideas that I want to accomplish that I don't think I'll ever find the time to finish. Now just watch I'll go out tomorrow and hit a giant creative drought!
But for some reason, this case hit me harder and caused me to examine my thoughts and ideas about injustice, particularly racial injustice. In many ways, we have come so far when it comes to race. In other ways, we have not even come close to resolving some of the issues - driven underground into subtle racism by the intent of our legal system to legislate racism out of our society - which currently threaten once again to divide us. Let me show you what I mean.
RE: London
For me, Walker's biggest success is twofold - one is that I experienced emotions alongside the characters and the other that I stayed up WAY too late gulping down the last few hundred pages. I simply could not put it down! When I say I experienced emotions, I mean that I was positively furious, unbelievably frustrated and overwhelmed with happiness at various points while reading Kiss and Tell - Walker has a real talent for making you feel everything that the characters are feeling.
3. Decide to respond not react.
The Isis Collar Yes, the cover is terrible and it’s the fourth book in a series, but it had me at “magical zombie plague.” I might have to find the first three for this one.
*Indefinite shelf life--lasts forever
For example, amid the brouhaha over the agency’s introduction of intensive full-body pat-downs in 2004, I requested complaints and discovered an untold story of the pain and humiliation suffered by rape victims and breast cancer survivors. In one incident that I found from that request — while I was a reporter at the Dallas Morning News — a woman complained that a screener asked her to remove her prosthetic breast to be swabbed for explosives.
We apologize to our readers and to Light Years IP for the confusion. To set the record straight about this very important story, we are happy to present a summary prepared by Lightyears IP (see below)".The new summary is welcomed, even though it doesn't specifically deal with all of Afro Leo's issues, since it's at least a step in the right direction. It goes like this:
Carolyn: 4/5, 7.6/10.
Michael Chertoff, Homeland Securities Secretary, said that this “plot may indeed be suggestive of Al-Qaeda, but its real incubator is the atmosphere of Londonistan: the political correctness of Britain that keeps British officials from confronting the jihad ideology that spreads in British mosques and Islamic schools.”
The Wonders of My Two Cats
The moment after I created
Yilmaz G, Gürukan B, Akgün S, Özbek N. Factors influencing breastfeeding for working mothers. Turk J Pediatr 2002; 44: 30-34.
Oh, well, the name Bellybutton came to me one stormy night, somewhere in July, while I was sitting with my synthesizer in my lap, trying to make a worthy electronica influenced remix with bossanova elements for Radiohead's Karma Police. Suddenly I felt the room chilling itself to a moderate 17 degrees Celsius. I asked myself: "How could it be? I did close the door to the freezer, didn't I?" I couldn't ask for my bandmates' help since they were all outside playing softball, so I got up....or at least I tried to...but I was suddenly pushed back in the chair while a strange figure was taking shape in front of my very eyes.
Corruption can be tackled and reduced to the barest minimum, every
That's the end of part ni. Come back tomorrow for part san :)
6. The Eternal Father
Then there's when we go camping. We call on neighbours to help take care of our pets in our absence so it's always about getting keys cut and to the right folks on time.
i was safe from all known firearms
A: There’s not much to buy in New Haven. Well, groceries. My mom knows how much I like driving (I have a license but no car), and she milks it. "Sophia!" She dangles the Jeep keys in front of my face. "You can drive to....STOP & SHOP!!!!" I take the bait every time.
An expedient two mega pixel digi-cam can also be offered around the mobile. It can be capable of producing very good top quality nevertheless photos thanks to any pixel solution regarding 1600x 1200, plus involves this option to help capture video of ideal.
but then i remembered how blessed i am and how good i have it.
Once you see this die in action, I think you will be hooked too!
1 vague
In the schools, ATs are there every day attending games and practices getting to know the coaches, athletes and parents. In college, ATs fill the same role but the relationships with the parents are diminished due to distance. In the industrial setting, ATs get to know the workers and often get to interact with them on a daily basis. The successful ATs are the ones that build those bridges of relationships with their athletes/workers. Build bridges, not walls was a theme of one of yesterdays presentations.
That said I am sharing a link with you ... Charlies Story ...I hope that you will each join me in Congratulating Charlie on making his dreams a reality with your comments on this post and I hope that many of you ...if you are able... will make the journey and Celebrate with him in person this coming Saturday May 5th,2012 for his GRAND OPENING in his new shop ! And please feel free to share this shop info with your readers, friends & family as well !
Seriously, folks, she is NOT a huge fan of her sister five weeks in. It gets better right?
1. It is unclear what happened to them after The Doctor and Amy stopped the torturing of the Star whale that powered the ship.
Abera is an amazing man with an amazing wife. I met them here in Ethiopia. They are national evangelists and missionaries. Abera is hard to miss. He has only one eye but has big smile. As I was teaching I talked about persecution and his wife signaled to me that Abera had been beaten for his faith. At lunch time I had the opportunity to talk with him about his experience.
I reached out recently and discovered that the VSF is still going strong. Unfortunately their meeting night conflicts with my part-time job, but I’ve decided that, once I finally do land a roommate and can afford to cut back on my part-time hours, one thing I’ll make sure to open up time for is rejoining the group. I can’t wait to see who’s still there and meet a whole new batch of writers. As I wrote in my very first blogpost here (…She’d Be Creative), I really want to surround myself with creative people and get energized by all that creative energy!
I think all future demos should involve coming face-to-face with the enemy at some point.
Well, as it happens, I got a list among some lessons in a Wiccan course I get, so here it is:
Jill Andrews has been singing her whole life: as a little girl in Johnson City, Tenn., as a camp counselor plucking out three chords on an acoustic guitar under swaying pine trees, as one-half of The Everybodyfields—and, since 2009, as an increasingly formidable singer/songwriter making her way on her own. A smart, subtle tunesmith and a gently wise songwriter, the now Nashville-based Andrews crafts beguiling, startlingly intimate songs that merge her voice with her effortless, classic-pop sensibility and keen eye for human drama.
With his brains, he could have gone one of two ways: 1. He could have gone out there and tried like hell to make magic happen with innovation, determination and hard work or 2. He could hide behind a simple label like “shit stirrer” and do what cowards do best – which, by the way, the shit stirrer thing is only cool until the end of high school. The guy who talked back to the teachers and got everyone off school early, he was cool…but the guy who is all grown up and using his ingenuity to stir shit up for others because he’s too scared to go out there and try to make something real of himself? He’s a pathetic coward.
Featuring Studio Calico "Field Guide" & The Craft's Meow
So basically, this is like the Heavy Metal version of Footloose. You remember how in Footloose, the young high school kids wanted to fight for their right to party? Well, on this film the kids are fighting for their right to Rock and Roll. The school holds a PTA meeting in which they read the lyrics to Black Roses songs out loud and decided that they don’t want the youth of Mill Basin exposed to this band. So what do the parents do? They attend the concert to see what Black Roses are all about, just to make sure. So, knowing that the parents are in attendance, the band plays one of their pussy love songs to make the parents believe they are not all that bad. So before the first song is even finished, the parents decide to leave because the band appears to be harmless. Seconds after the parents leave and the doors close behind them the band turns of the lights and the heavy metal begins! Little by little, Damian (that’s the lead singers name!) begins to take over the minds of the kids, and he gets them to do all sorts of evil things like tipping over garbage cans, and making out on the streets. By this point I was laughing like a mad man cause I was thinking “this is the worst that these kids could do?” and then I started having flashbacks of Spider Man 3, when Peter Parker turns emo. At one point the kids are out doing some pranks, and one of them decides they want to “paint the town red” so he goes and gets a can of red paint. Like I said, stupid freaking kids!
We find ourselves caught up in an adventure of heroic proportions with a God who both
Take sheet out of oven and while the cookies are still very hot, place an Andes Mint on top of each cookie.
David Hasselhoff takes a small hip flask of whiskey out from his jacket and I sip from it.
Populate design and accoutrement is not the only shipway to develop a home, still. More homeowners are choosing to add additions to their homes to harmonies relatives or borders in addition to supererogatory apartment, such as washing apartment off of the kitchen or recreation flat the entire kin can like. Environmentally palely features are also hot that amend to lighten the home, preclude money and alter the surround. Solar decorated windows and life economical doors can real help to separate a home and tidy it expenditure powerful.
Antibiotic therapy
Anyway, so I walked onto the bus and opened up my wallet hoping to see at least one, one dollar bill. All I found though was a five and a twenty. So I leaned toward the guy sitting closest to were I was standing and asked him if he had change for a five. He said that he didn’t. I then started to turn back and pull the five out of my wallet. To my surprise, though, the guy I had asked for change asked me how much I was short. I told him fifteen cents (bus fare is $1.50 and I had $1.35 in spare change). He replied that he was pretty sure he could give me that much and handed me two dimes. That totally made my day.
When we were all finally healthy I became slightly obsessed with keeping everything and everyone clean of germs. I've tried to limit Garrett's time in public and if I do take him places, I wipe down the entire shopping cart, and I don't let him touch things, etc. If we play at the park, I practically follow him around with wipes. And when we've gotten together with people I ask ahead of time if everyone we're going with is healthy. I did a really good job and keeping my kids healthy.
“What does it mean?” I moaned.
greedy bankers/greedy government
Personality? Where?
So while it can be seen that there are similarities between the two, there are obvious differences.
9/22 San Diego, CA @ Brick By Brick
They aren’t really here right now. But I wanted to post SOMETHING and so here are some random musings of mine:
In case you wish to know:
In the mean time click though and read on shoppable- interactive media and how to DIY...
Soon South Carolina will not only be in my mind. This post has been in the making for a month and a half. I've gone over and over in my head what I was going to write. No words seem to be sufficient to describe what the past month and a half have been like for Brett and me. It has been full of uncertainty, doubt, stress, exhaustion, trust, and joy. If those words together make you confused, welcome to our life!!
Michel Herr - piano
I have been lighting my candle all winter, spring and summer long. It’s my daily habit to light my kitchen candle and then say a prayer for peace in our home. Join me today – light a candle in your kitchen and say a prayer for your family.
And yes, of course, they did — in the short term.
For many interfaith couples, reading Celebrating Our Differences, or discovering Dovetail, led to an epiphany about the possibility of maintaining and even deepening two separate religious practices in one family, and educating children about both traditions. For me, the child of another passionate 50-year interfaith marriage, reading Ned and Mary’s story affirmed that our happy interfaith family was not a fluke, and documented one pathway to achieving both unity and respectful religious separateness.
$9 Locally
Villa Areopagus sits modestly on the site, shrouded in the surrounding vegetation. The street facing facade is largely opaque – a massive concrete wall with selective punctures that only provide a glimpse of the interior. The openings are strategically placed to provide the house with cross ventilation and natural cooling. This is also supplemented by the backyard pool, which acts as a cooling pond, reducing the temperature of the air as it is pulled through the house.
A couple of weekends ago I went to hear His Holiness the Dalai Lama speak in Toronto. What an incredibly moving and powerful day that was. His message so clear, so simple, so true. I feel truly humbled to have been a part of it. No other philosophy has spoken to me as clearly as Buddhism. I am not Buddhist. And like all of the other philosophies and religions of the world I take my truth and leave the dogma behind. Still of all of them, I've probably learned most about life from my study and practice of Buddhism.
I like to leave my carrots in place all winter until I need them. This works as long as the ground doesn't freeze solid, which (fingers crossed) shouldn't happen until January. And if we miss a few, it's not a big deal, it just means we have fresh carrots in the spring when the snow melts.
Happy Thanksgiving everyone!
Ew. They encourage kids to read this stuff, you know. Both of these passages are about the death of Judas, the guy who took the “thirty pieces of silver” idiom way too literally when he betrayed Jesus. He then went on to marry Mary Magdalene, father the bloodline of Leonardo da Vinci, establish at least eight secret societies which would rule the world two thousand years later, and hide the Holy Grail in Castle Anthrax. (I think it was something like that, anyway. I may have dropped some acid when I watched the Da Vinci Code movie. Good times.)
The Archdeacon asked the Reader to refrain from ministry in the particular parish for two months in order for there to be time for these pastoral matters to be resolved.
07 Gepetto
I have been in need of new curtains in our kitchen and dining area for a while now and I FINALLY found the perfect solution!
I followed this tutorial, except the only thing different is I found plastic loops instead of the wooden ones so I didn’t even have to paint them. This craft was easy, cheap, and fun. If you do this please send me a pic so I can add it to my blog.
This saintly woman weeps and sheds tears, forsaken and unfortunate, thinking “Now low-class small-minded men masquerading as kings will exploit me.”
These edges derive from 100 year + antique French glass silvered plates, lovingly scanned in TIF, then cleaned and processed in a secret way we have developed ourselves, to show only grunge, without the original image. These were produced to be as widely used as possible, both in their original format, or cut and pulled square.
- After our victory of a couple of weeks ago, Denis and I lost our last Crown Green Bowling match against the girls by the small margin of 21-4 (which has led to accusations of cheating);
Do something you love to do; do it, just for you.
If there's one thing more annoying than living in this kind of weather, it's hearing people keep complaining about it. Which, yes, is exactly what I just did.
Here’s a photo of me lounging at my old boss’ beach house in St. Augustine, Florida.
And my feet smell.
Some people have been asking me if I found someone because I seem a little happier. Just to set things straight, I did. I found someone: I found myself. I’ve been in three long relationships in the past six years and I haven’t had time to truly be with myself. This is not to say that I wasn’t myself when I was with them. But the reality of love is that sometimes in relationships you just end up with a lesser hold of who you are and of what direction you want yourself and your life to take.
Merry Christmas everyone! Guess what? Santa came by last night! I am a spoiled princess!! I got lots and lots of pink tennis balls and squeaky tennis balls. Mama got me a long puppy stuffie, and a Christmas star stuffie. My sweetheart, Hobbs, sent me another gift! He had already sent me my Charlie Brown Christmas collar and lead you have been seeing in my photos, but he surprised me with another gift for under the tree! It was another beautiful collar from Rescue Me Collars! *squeeeee* The pink scroll on brown one I was in love with! There was a bag of my favorite Becker Bites under the tree, and my stocking was filled with beautiful decorated cookies!
Olmstead states his central point early: “Alas, as the film series has moved beyond the actual Ian Fleming novels on which almost all of them were based, it has embraced ever more blatant product placements, and in the process, many authentic Bond touches have been swept under the rug.”
I think in his Grandmother’s day, asking that question was a nice way of asking, “Where do you live and who are you connected to?” “How do you fit into this community?” While you could look at this as being exclusionary, I like to think that asking that question was her way of understanding how others fit into her world.
So, he taught us very simple makeup for Christmas party, using the colours in the palette.
So unless you like to chew on teeth achingly brick-hard chunks of lard flavored bark, then skip the Pork Scratchings.
The session was recorded by Nicholas Gardere on November 9th, 2004,
Isn't he adorable? There's something about Neville Thurlbeck that suspends all sensible judgement. He needs little introduction suffice to say that once upon a time he was news editor and chief reporter of the late News of the World before Hackgate blew up his award-winning career. To date he's been arrested twice but not charged, the second time over something he wrote on his riveting blog. What's Rebekah Brooks really like? When did he lose his virginity? Who should play Rupert Murdoch in Screws: The Musical? He kindly indulged me with answers, and then some.
Click here to see more Napa and critters photos!
Today I had my exit interview and was so relieved to have one semester under my belt. This past weekend, I was regretting signing up for one of the first interviews, but now that it is over, I am surely glad I don’t have to wait until Thursday to celebrate.
DAP has a habit of destroying people’s livlihoods or harrassing people about their property. Though racism and apartheid typify PERKASA, I am on Nor’s side here. It’s his private property and he’s just making a simple living you Gambier Threat, KOMTAR Lockdown, Beachboy harrassing, gas tank stealing, Condominium staircase trashing political party! Whats wrong with DAP? Even if someone was racist (wich DAP did not address so far), you cannot invade their property and destroy their livlihood. Take heart Nor, this news is already embarrassment in itself, your bid succeeded because most people detest such behaviour by political parties, regardless of race, and with the nepotism and limitless term issue, DAP is as bad a guy as PERKASA this day.
This is a 2007-08 Fleer Hockey Hot Prospects Hot Commodities 157 Tomas Vokoun - Panthers it is serial numbered on the front #199/999. Since Vokoun was traded to the Florida Panthers from the Nashville Predators on the day of the 2007 NHL Entry Draft this would be one of his first cards as a Panther.
And declare the works of the Lord.
C loves watching the show American Pickers on A&E.
Fields, Clark and Allen were likely killed early Friday, police said. Fields’ body was discovered about 1 a.m. in a yard in the 1000 block of East 51st Place North. Clark’s body was found about 1:50 a.m. in another yard in the 300 block of West 63rd Street North and Allen’s body was found about 8:30 a.m. in the 800 block of East 36th Street North.
About Cooling For Less (602) 910-3894
tomorrow today, May 1, 2012, and continuing every weekday throughout the month of May, we’ll feature profiles and interviews with 20 of the best Black bloggers on the Web. From fashion and technology to relationships and politics to media and finance, every corner of the digital world is covered as these new wave entrepreneurs share their branding strategies, passions for blogging and the many ups and downs on their journey to success online.
''The group also assaulted his 19-year-old friend, who sustained a cut to his forehead and bruising to his face.''
The Leveson enquiry is on the news as I speak and Rebecca Brook is being interviewed right now, Rebecca was the editor of the Sun news paper during the time of the alleged phone hacking offences.
And another example from an Ebisu bicycle. You can see how the individuality of the cut of the lugwork interacts with the colour of the paint to create subtle variations in form and shade. The stay caps (those narrow diagonal pieces that taper to meet the main lug) can be rounded or pointy, flat or concave, stubby or elongated.
I say it’s the fear of not knowing how to see oneself, that haunts the lonely. I also say it’s the fear of not knowing how to love oneself, that haunts the lonely. Thus, we seek love during those interactions. Human beings have forgotten how to love because they don’t love themselves, they love the imaginary concoction, based upon what others reflect back to them. No wonder we are lost.
I guess what I really want to hear is that even when doing long and strenuous rides I don't have to resort to any of that stuff, that there is some magical combination of regular foods I can make do with instead. Can one ride a randonnée on bananas, V8 juice and peanut butter? Most serious cyclists I talk to think that's a terrible idea and believe scientifically-formulated nutritional supplements are a must. I am still deciding whether to take that plunge. But for now I will stick to the soft diet and will continue to be the girl with a mangled banana sticking out of her jersey pocket. Once I am back on the bike that is!
those branches in the breeze."
Neighbors tell us that the shooter patrols the community at night and is a member of the Neighorhood Watch committee; however, police are not commenting.
No brand name stencil- Christmas theme- 2.00 BRAND NEW
There were five ziplines on the tour we picked. I’ll tell you why I picked this tour: kids as young as eight could do it. I figured if an eight year old could do it, I could too. (Disclaimer: this theory doesn’t apply to roller skating. Trust me…I know.)
And just in case that the weather gods decide that we should get rain, well, there’s not much better than sitting inside, listening to the rain while you’re all cozy and warm. And hey, I might even go to one of my favorite yarn stores – it’s more of a trek going there, but it’s so amazing. I could indulge in looking at color and fiber combinations and daydream of new yarn purchases and the patterns I’d knit up. No actual yarn buying though, I’m on a yarn diet right now…
The Maven had quite a few appointments on day two as well - with Kate Wilson who is starting a new Imprint called Nosy Crow and Emma Hopkin, the Managing Director at Macmillan, who have a huge range of titles and are the umbrella for many imprints.
wounded but still able and married a war widow,
Here you can post your “You Know You’re Borderline When…” thoughts with abandon. It doesn’t have to be well written, funny or even make sense, just like BPD.
“I don’t know. I’m kind of twisted up. I think my shoulder popped out. Pull forward slowly, very slowly, and listen in case I tell you to stop.”
I'm not sure Pat's laughter was masked.
Fantastic!
Proverbs 24:31: thorns had come up everywhere, the ground was covered with weeds, and the stone wall was in ruins.
- According to the new policy, if a student comes to a teacher with a personal problem, the teacher is to refer them directly to the guidance counselor. Under no circumstances am I to offer advice, guidance, or even a sympathetic ear to a student, unless the issue at hand directly pertains to my class or my specific subject area.
Lord, I give thanks to You! I lift my hands in thanksgiving, and I offer to You the fruit of my lips, giving praise to Your Name. I thank You for making me a master over all of life’s situations and circumstances. No matter what I face, I have the confidence that victory is mine, in the Name of Jesus Christ! Amen!
My partner Leonie, my friends and family, my band members and performing in my band, my cats, the sound of laughter, the smell of rain and a day off with no housework to do, to relax and maybe read a book (very few and far between those days!!)
1999: 363 deaths
Kathy is super clever to have come up with all the money making and freebie getting scenarios covered in these pages. She teaches you how to use Ebay and how to score free brand name clothes from places like Gap, Banana Republic, Old Navy and more.
Me: Yes, throwing up, can’t get out of bed. It would be like when you had the stomach flu but about a hundred times worse.
The words to the song really didn’t hit me but I looked a little deeper for the meaning and this is what I found:
It's birthday month around these parts with my younger uglier brother hitting his magic 50th milestone and my faux daughter adding another year to her total. It's also birthday time for a couple more of the fine folks we all know and love this month, which leads me to believe that there was more than fireworks going off on the Fourth of July. A wish a very Happy Birthday to every one, and ah, what the hell, even my brother.
by earth inherited, by clergy blessed.
Spring is in the air folks and all around us there are signs of new life and colour. Just head on down to your local garden centre and you will see pots of daffs,tulips and hyacinths. One of my favourite spring blooms is the pansy and you may have noticed that these featured this week on my Spring Fold card. Today I thought I would share with you how I made them.
Ben reached for one of her hands and held it.
that what has been given to us in time
gert here.. I looked it up and the reference to the article that Joan wrote, The Secret Is Out, in 1990, was referenced, in her libelous book on Page 302, footnoted #15, where it told where it was published.
loaded down with tomatoes...... of course!!
I know that we gave her a great life and we’ll continue to do so with her two sisters. But two years with her just wasn’t long enough.
A side note: You would be so lucky ever to hear Mana speak. During the band’s Q&A, he whispered into K’s ear to answer, and only ever gave the vaguest, minimal answers. But behind the scenes, he really does have a voice – I heard it!
My spear would definitely be able to pierce any object it came into contact with including a body. Ha!! And I think it would be pretty awesome if using some of my body's energy it could shoot out pulses and shock-kill. And yes, if you're wondering, my mind thinks of these things often. :)
Have a read of The Antillean’s updated article Remembering Sam Lord’s Castle: the tragic fairytale of Barbados’ best hotel
Since we have the built-ins in the office now, I don’t need this space for books. So, I pulled most of them out and pieced together some milk glass and other accessories for a little white collection that would pop against the coral paint.
Coveting the highest of the sterile skyscrapers
Lill: I know this because a) you haven’t done laundry yet which suggests that very few items of clothing were actually worn, b) you haven’t produced a single photo, souvenir and/or ‘antique’ from your so-called excursions, and c) you’re shining brighter than a fucking glow worm.
It's Thursday! Which means it's time for a theme challenge. The month of May at My Cricut Craftroom is all about Flowers, Flowers and more Flowers. I love flowers. I really love creating projects using the Flower Shoppe and Giant Flowers cartridges. Today we were assigned to use a flower cartridge and for me it was a toss up between Giant Flowers and Flower Shoppe.
She cried as she sped down that wet, stormy road,
WOW. This is one of the best casts ever.
I still have to go in for some minor re-touches, but other than that it's ready to go!
The last step is to use those embellishments!! Decorate some of the squares using those fun bits and pieces. I left a few squares unembellished so the design wouldn’t look quite so busy. I finished the piece using Dear Lizzy’s chipboard “Love” banner from the new Neopolitan collection. If I hadn’t been interrupted a million times by the kiddos I probably could have knocked this out in about 20-30 minutes. The thing that took me the longest was finding pictures I wanted to use, changing them to black and white, and resizing them. The rest was a breeze, and a lot of fun!
In the least.
It's no surprise to anyone who reads this that my musical tastes run a little darker than most. When it comes to music I have a definite Goth side. I like music with a deep, rythmic beat, something that gets my hips moving without my conscious knowledge. I also like heavy guitar and I usually prefer male singers over female.
10-Blues All Day Long
charcoal ovens
Beautiful work ladies! Please grab our TOP 3 blinkie from the sidebar and proudly display it on your blog!
"Yeah, yeah, yeah man! I'm fine Moon".
"This Be The Verse" by Philip Larkin
The best part of this craft is that it costs almost nothing and you can make so many things with it. String a bunch together to make a garland or frame a couple for a cute St. Patties decoration. Make a ton and get ready for St. Patrick's Day!
And i too have the will
even far across many lands,
Chau Chau!
A graphic is prepared like the one on the right, which includes a picture of a telephone or some other icon which makes it obvious what’s happening. If possible, use a photo of the guest. The graphic is then used when the guest is speaking (i.e. in place of video shots).
If you head over to Cook, Eat, Live Vegetarian you´ll find a wonderful tomato and quinoa recipe which shows you how to slow roast the delicious summer tomatoes we have in Andalucía at the moment. The other night we were heading out for dinner, so on the way out I popped a couple of trays of tomatoes into the oven set at the lowest temperature, and when we got back about four and a half hours later I had perfect roasted tomatoes. The house smelt wonderful too!
Now are you ready for some big news?
Did you know that Oneida is more than just flatware? Oneida has something for everyone on your holiday shopping list, including Multicookers, Wine Coolers, Cupcake Carriers and more!
still patting myself on the back for a job well done, i walked downstairs and into the kitchen. dad was awake, and i could hear his electric shaver buzzing from upstairs. i remember the godawful smell of his coffee – it was nothing fancy, but i’ve always hated the smell of coffee – and my stomach turned.
On a random side note, I woke up feeling incredibly offended this morning due to the fact that I’d had a dream where I’d ordered some lovely boots which had been delivered by a stupid postman who left the box out in the street when I was out of the house. I came home to find the box (so excited!) lying there so I opened it and found that the boots had been stolen and that some little shit had filled the box with empty Walkers Crisp packets!
Set Gryffindors apart;
Walk 4.4mph or slower 1 minute, Run 6.6mph 1 minute
Then a friend called just as I was finishing film school. He was running for Congress in Mississippi against Senator John Stennis’s son and couldn’t afford to hire anybody to make ads for him. So he asked me to do it.
In a time when ELO and Queen ruled the jukeboxes of our local Windsor Terrace and Kensington bars, we had the F-Express to Manhattan. It was our own European “Bullet Train”, and it stopped right here, at Church Avenue. And I took it every day to The High School of Art and Design in NYC on Second Avenue and 57th street.
We are still waiting to hear back from Colorado. May take a while.
Had it been his 50th birthday, I might have felt blown off. But lordy lordy, he turned 80. I need to give him some slack. Moreover, we’re very close and I know he loves me so I don’t ever take it as a personal affront. More than anything, it makes me smile at the wonder of it…
The following are the reasons why I believe the publishing industry has reached its current state of being.
Here’s a collection of the photos the boys tweeted/posted recently, from Álvaro Arbeloa ready to watch “Game of Thrones” (love those arms!) to Karim Benzema giving us a photo with a different setting, but with the same awkward pose…
Man 2: I am settling down, taking care of my own stuff. I am not opposed to marriage, but I cannot make it the only thing around which my life revolves. If I meet somebody, if it happens, it happens. I am not going to sweat about unborn children or getting a wife as there are other equally important things to do, which are totally in my control.
May we write today with submission.
The condition for the listing of a terrorist organization like Boko Haram as an FTO is mostly based on political permutations rather than its level of viciousness or the threat the organization poses to local and world peace. For instance, Hezbollah is considered as an FTO by the United States but not the United Kingdom.
“You shouldn’t be trying shaman magic without initiation.”
These are hard times for Mongolia’s cashmere industry, which provides jobs and income for a third of the country’s population of 2.6 million and supplies about 20 percent of the world’s market for the fluffy, feather-light fiber, prized for its warmth, delicate feel and long wear.
Stock Market (DJIA) December 2008 $8700
Iron Stylus: The forums are asking for some sort of response.
dig two points of access at the beginning and end of your piping
1/2 jar Laksa paste (I picked mine up at the supermarket, or try an Asian grocer)
A song of old San Annnn-tonnne.
The Boers are not White colonials but are in fact an indigenous cultural group which was formed on African soil which is 350 years old. The first Boers were anti authoritarian & began to break their ties to Europe as soon as they began to trek eastwards during the 1690s & into the 1700s.
The hospital is trapped in a vicious triangle between the Viaduc des Arts and the Opéra Bastille, and finding the entrance is difficult even for those with perfect vision. Cities do their best to get us lost, bombarding us with a quantity of visual stimuli that is too great for our eyes and brains to cope with. Just to advance along a street we need to constantly filter what we see, but this process of filtering means that much of our environment becomes invisible.
The Saturday was so busy in the dealers' room that it wasn't that noticeable when panels started or ended as the number of attendees kept the hall busy whilst the Nasty Nessie Roller Girls provided a little excitement as they whizzed past helped on by artist Gary Erskine's Roller Grrrls concept. Meanwhile the Imperials and a solitary Tusken Raider of the 501st UK Garrison patrolled the venue at a more leisurely pace.
In Britain the skylark numbers have fallen dramatically and I can’t remember seeing or hearing one in the last twenty years. It seems unbelievable that once they were considered a delicacy and appeared in Christmas feasts. Larks, commonly consumed with bones intact, historically were considered as wholesome, delicate, and light game. They were used in a number of dishes, for example, they were stewed, broiled, or used as filling in meat pies. Lark's tongues were particularly highly valued. Shrinking habitats made lark meat rare and hard to come by, though it can still be found in restaurants in Italy and
Well Dear Scathers,
What triggered them was the realization that many people love Thailand but they wondered how these people expressed their love? To find out, the IDEACUBES project was born.
Jump-cut to New York, and a circulation battle taking place there between the Murdoch-owned Wall St Journal, and its opposition The New York Times. The Times runs a story suggesting that Andy Coulson’s denial of hacking knowledge is a load of old bollocks. Threats of legal action by Newscorp….retreat of Times.
punches, and some very pretty Imaginarium Designs Chipboard.
On another note...Walgreens also came out with a lifesize skeleton this year but, of course, my Walgreens doesn't carry it. Never fear! I did find a short video where another haunter compares the Target skellie to the Walgreens version:
But she did. Not then of course, but someday she would want someone to think she was pretty and take her for a ride in his car. Somebody who wouldn’t care about the color of her hair. She secretly wondered if boys cared as much about hair as her mother seemed to. The ones she knew certainly didn’t do anything with theirs.
Pilgrim’s Southern Style Breast Strips evoke memories of growing up in a sleepy southern town. The crickets chirping, the moss hanging from the trees, the air humid and everything moving slow in the heat. And your grandmother’s delicious home cooking brought the entire family around the table on the weekends.
of horses sweating
Sunday, April 29 2012
As Christopher Hitchens pointed out in one of his most eloquent talks, this kind of suppression of speech is odious and counterproductive (go listen to hear his reasons; I’ve linked to the first of his four-part talk). Unless all opinions and evidence can be freely discussed without censorship, it’s hard for the truth to rise to the top. That, after all, is how science works.
Thursday -
Variations, if you're interested, are adding green onions, rice wine vinegar, or if you like things a little spicy, some red pepper flakes.
If any of my followers leave me I will hunt them down like a motherfucker.
InboxX
Location: WUCW St. Paul, MN
Converting a boat is, unusual it has to be said—Beckett’s protagonists being inclined to indolence—but it’s a good example of taking extreme measures to withdraw from society. Mostly his characters are content to stay, as does the narrator in Verruca Music, in bed and have someone fetch and carry for them. This is how Estell describes his benefactor:
I love to watercolor! It is one of my favorite techniques. I borrowed some stamp sets from a fellow demo so I decided to use one of the sets for my card today. We are also having a design team call so if you are interested, visit the blog and see the requirements. Here is what I created for our challenge this week.
Since I was up real early I decided to make a card before I head out to run some errands. I like to have cards on hand so I'm not scrambling at the last minute to make one for a birthday, anniversary, or whatever. I leave the inside of the cards blank, and then I just stamp a greeting inside to fit the occasion.
Yet there’s another factor pressing against the potential advancement of science, and it’s one that very few scientists like to talk about. When science was drawn up into the heady realms of politics and business, it became vulnerable to the standard vices of those realms, and one of the consequences has been a great deal of overt scientific fraud.
Area of Expertise
So, we got up on the morning of the 26th and got ready to go to the big city. I was so excited! Scott double checked that I had the directions and the parking information. Check and check. So, off we went.
I think she is very wise.
I need to be warm, warm, warm.
For the mormons who made it their home 50 years later, several features particularly stood out. There was the magnificent cast iron staircase and the vast rooms, but above all, there was the huge stained glass window on the facade. This window provided titilation for some of these rather repressed young men, who remember it featuring a lady with bare breasts. The creation features four women representing the four seasons, but seen from the outside, it seems that summer is only in fact revealing barely a single breast. This was probably excitement enough though for the group of mormons living beneath it!
“Alexandre,” she said suddenly. “What happens to the camp during the rain? I mean, we’re on higher ground, so we’re nice and dry, but what about the people below us? That’s quite a dip the ground where the tavern’s set up.”
Regardless how agonizing most of the performance was (Is Gus the Theater Cat's pirate bit really necessary? Sweet Jesus...) as soon as Grizabella opened her mouth to sing "Memory," I was a quivering mess. Oh, I cried. It was partially because of my emotionally turbulent day but it was also because she really hit those high notes.
You are so right, Mr. Einstein. Life is such an amazing ride, and when we get off track, we can’t stop, just figure out another way, and continue on our journey.
Where is this secret place?
Courage evident in the first bold strokes
“Aw, let me love your body!” As I pulled up to the stoplight, the music from the guy’s big truck wafted through the open windows into my car. The phrase repeated over and over. At first, I was really upset that my ears would have to hear things like that – that there is no censorship to what blasts out on the wind waves, words that create all kinds of thoughts in our minds, leading people into the subtle belief that it is fine to do just what the lyrics state.
on the sofa she flopped
Keep it on, and it rides up to cover the mid-section perfectly.
Marriage is a much bigger endeavor. Marriage is watching Law and Order every single Sunday morning because you know I love it. Marriage is taking the first shift of the slumber party insanity because I know that the collective energy is worse right after the cake. It’s shoveling the walk, making the grocery run, saying yes to the trip with the extended family. It’s finding ten minutes to talk in a week of meetings and events. It’s being really pissed off that the laundry didn’t get done and the lawn isn’t mowed. It’s saying yes to the dog even when you promised yourself you wouldn’t. It’s more than remembering that every day isn’t about you, it’s about thinking that having it be about someone else is occasionally a good idea.
Welcome to the Creative Kuts April Fool's Day blog hop. If you came here from Carrie's Blog you are in the right spot!! If you stopped in by accident then start at the beginning with the Creative Kuts Blog.
1986 Angels Postcards #13
My two cents: Everything you say can and will be used against you. Not just in litigation, but as this case shows, also during prosecution.
027.033 YUSUFALI: They said: "We are endued with strength, and given to vehement war: but the command is with thee; so consider what thou wilt command."
This is still in my lagering fridge and will be bottled shortly. The only issue with it is that the starter was not made at lager temperatures and there was a little too much wort transferred with it and it's put a small tang of banana/clove in the final pils. I'm hoping to get rid of this when I bottle and use the "krausening" technique to do the priming. I'll detail this at a later stage.
Only in Beth-zur did some remain of those who had abandoned the law and the commandments, for it was a place of refuge.
My boys know this word. I've shared it with many of my friends who are also moms. It's a very useful word. So all you have to do when you want the lot of them to stop being silly, and giggly, and loud and disturbing the peace is to say, “FLAMSA INTE!” (in + te, as in telephone) (oh, and the verb form, flamsa, is flum, still as in plum,
One particular sunny afternoon in July 2009 found me sprawled across our unmade bed, sobbing.
Processor AMD E-Series
I had a good workout this morning, though I am little sore from yesterday. I have been incorporating some Pilate moves into my routine and boy, can I feel it in my gluts (a.k.a. bum). As they say…you gotta feel the burn. These days though the muscles stay tight for a few days and scream at me “What are you doing to us woman?” Then they just kind of give up and once again surrender to gravity. I am not making it easy for them.
A bright new flag to hoist to summer,
4) Family/friends birthday wall art. I got the idea from someone's pin on Pinterest here: http://media-cdn.pinterest.com/upload/83246293081772494_bgnr1GOM.jpg I so want to do this awesomeness, so I don't have to rely on Facebook telling me people's bdays! lol
August 3rd I'm going to Colorado and New Mexico with my brother Jim and his daughter Diana. I can't wait to show them my favorite places. I lived out there for 20 years, 1974-94. That dry, semi-arid climate still calls to me. After you find a good moisturizer and your nostrils adapt, you realize you don't have those damp, swampy smells. It's always cooler in the shade in the dry air. The mountains and the desert cool off every night and offer sweetly scented breezes. The fresh air has the crispiness of a fresh cut watermelon. The scent of sagebrush wafts through the air. Pines and spruces have their way with your senses. Campfires smoke with the perfume of Pinon pine and Juniper. The freezing water of a babbling creek makes all your hairs stand up with the essence of cucumbers! Nibble on the tender light green tips of pine needles and your breath is suddenly fresh. Crush the leaves of sagebrush into your sleeping bag or rub them on your pulse points-who needs air fresheners and perfumes? Focus on the leaves of a quaking aspen~look up and watch the stars~they are a mile or two closer there!
Lunch at Taco Bell in some town just north of Redding... this family of about 16 (okay there was only 6) walked in like one second ahead of us and apparently had never been to a Taco Bell before as it took them forever to read the menu, discuss lunch options and finally frickin order. LONG wait for lunch... but then we were entertained by a small child throwing a fit and grandma angrily marching her back to the car. No taco for YOU!
As luck would have it, I wasn't called to do treatment on that patient, or even to that hospital, for a couple of months. When I arrived at her bedside, I was in for a shock. She looked nothing like the last time I saw her. She was not alert; her skin was dull and lifeless. She opened her eyes, but I could tell there was no cognition.
She told me she had been listening to a talk show on a local radio station when the DJ had addressed her directly and told her that he was going to open up her head and get inside. She had taped the last 30 minutes of the show and begged me to listen to it and prove that she was not mad.
Spokesman Motasem al-Minawi told Ma’an that the ministry convened after the bombing and decided to cancel afternoon lessons in northern Gaza.
So, school is my empty dinner bowl. I keep wanting to fill it up. I’m still hungry for more. I could take in much more if I could fill it.
Place strips in a medium saucepan. Cover with cold water, and bring to a boil over medium heat. Drain; repeat two more times with fresh water. This will take the bitterness out of the peel.
Take your crumb topping and squeeze it in your hand to form it into clumps. Pinch off pieces of the crumb topping (as big as you want) and make a layer of pieces on the top of the batter, covering the top completely. Bake for 45-60 min. or until a toothpick comes out clean.
Of snake-warp, snake-weft. Pipes the cloth of snakes
Max's was a pretty cool spot, as it was right at Fell's point and they were open on Christmas Eve. I picked Max's as I noticed a slew of old taps in the window. Not to mention they had Shiner Bock on tap, though I hear many beer snobs can't stand anything from Shiner, TX.
The Wrestlemania crap that happened last night does not detract from the fact that Chisora would get messed up by Haye, Tyson Fury wouldn't even have the power of Audley Harrison to worry Haye and that Haye is currently the only prospect in the division that stands a chance of worrying the Klitschko boys. They now have all the excuse they need to say "We're not fighting that hooligan."
Now, do you realize, your blessings?
We are truly blessed to be able to reunite with this wonderful group every year and get to see the girls grow up, but hold onto that special bond as China sisters. As they get older, they will have these lifelong friends to turn to, who know exactly how they feel, and will relate as no-one else can...priceless!
I have been swept away by time yet again - reading back at this time last year I seemed to have the same issue with time running away. Mind you I do seem to feel it all of the time at the moment :-(
Sometimes our sorry's are small, for small things which only affected one person. In these situations the ripples don't travel very far, they move out and are then absorbed by the water and forgotten.
Summer was a non-starter. A brilliant flash in late June – like a forgotten dream: one week after solstice, a few days into early July seemed like a world of childhood fantasy; running barefoot through meadow flowers, gathering domestic strawberries, wild raspberries; thinking of lush promised fruits to come: plums and pears and apples.
O’Dowd A. Students demand the right to maternity benefits. Nurs Times 2004; 100: 10-11.
Ganga Putra Bhishma told Kunti Putra Yudhisthira, that the unchanging puruSa is to be meditated upon, praised with chanting, and bowed to.
Out of 119 legislative seats up for election this year, only 36 will be on primary election ballots – 28 House seats and eight Senate seats. In all, 40 state representatives and five senators are running unopposed.
Good Morning It's Linda here it is my turn to host the challenge this week.
If you want a little something to keep you going till the release, don't forget you can order my other books through the sidebar links, as well as Cody's and Oli's masterpieces.
"Please let go of my flip flop"
in such random patterns on each danish!!!
For the last several years, I have not had an end to my trials, but I have found that my difficulties in this life are truly blessings from God, meant to make me more like His Son, and to bring God glory. My body is much more ill now, but my soul is so much healthier. I would not choose to go back and exchange my health of years ago with my health of today, because, through the pain and trials, I have learned that my relationship with Christ greatly outweighs any suffering in this world.
You know, the thinking, and daydreaming, and wondering, and talking to yourself, and researching, and dreaming, and obsessing and....
The difference?
No to all-out war. Yes to all-out justice. This, by far, is the Presidents’ second best all-out slogan.
So, this challenge has been wonderful for us! We enjoy eating outside in the wonderful weather in the sun or on the back porch. Unfortunately we have had a few hiccups with having to buy meds and having a babysitter. I wish our family lived closer....
The book worked. It got my only starred School Library Journal review, and a great New York Times review (here's the plant my publisher sent me in celebration).
Slight aniseed that slowly powers through on the palate and nose.
Nights like tonight make me wonder how I ever pulled off a recipe like the one below. Something from scratch that could easily be purchased pre-made in any grocery if needed to be. I used to create time consuming recipes often - I didn't have any excuse not to. These days, recipes like the one below are few and far between. And if my toddler's behavior tonight wasn't a fluke then I don't see myself making much "from scratch" for a while. Rice-a-Roni, here we come!
C-BHa Billy Herman-$140
1 tool
Leslie donates her graphic design skills to help nonprofit groups even though she herself has struggled financially all her life. Now she's entered a contest that can give her seed money to start her own business, but she needs people to vote for her dream. (The top ten people will be interviewed by American Family.)
Just a reminder.... only 5 hours to go until DT call ends.
But Athelstan was too intent on other things to pay attention to his host; for, hanging on the wall at the end of the room, dwarfing the tawdry background of the Bloomsbury lodging house, was the picture he had come to see.
Here is the winner by random org.
Creatively Yours is a wonderful set consisting of eight images designed to add that professional touch to your handmade creations. The gorgeous image I've used here usually says 'handstamped' in the little box but with a stamp-a-majig, all things are possible...
I also try Knops IPA, which was launched some time ago but I’d never seen on draught before. It’s a fair bit sweeter than most of the beers I generally drink. Nevertheless it grows on you; there’s a respectable hoppiness that becomes more noticeable the more you drink. Knops has aimed from the beginning to produce easy-drinking beers; the very idea might send beer geeks running screaming down to the Cowgate but the IPA and Black Cork certainly achieve what they set out to do. Beers that are approachable, yet have enough character to remain interesting over several pints.
We couldn’t carry Kanaimuu this year – she walked and marched and danced though. Without planning it, I inevitably ended up wearing the same clothes. (That’s what happens when you only have 2 suitcases worth of clothes, and you just happened to bring yellow pants).
Here I am, several years later, ready to break free from this athletic slump.
Let's see...what else? This weekend I got to utter the phrase, "Reed, we do not use mama's make-up brushes to clean the floors." His response: "Well, the floor was a little wet". Awesome.
Challenge Issues: Racism, interracial relationships, addiction, teenage promiscuity (sex) and the AIDS epidemic were just some of the social issues that were addressed.
The movie opens with Iris (Zoe Auclair) arriving at the school in a beautiful wooden coffin that is opened by a group of girls who all wear colored ribbons of different colors in their hair. They explain the ribbons as indicating their relative ages, and Iris, the youngest, now gets to wear the red ribbon. Iris is sad and confused at first, and she latches on to one of the older girls, Bianca (Bérangère Haubruge), as a friend and role model, and soon enough she's happily playing games with the girls and only occasionally asking when she'll get to leave and visit her brother (the answer: never).
The question I really want to ask is not why people are so gullible. It is not even why our media can be so ignorant and irresponsible when reporting the news. What I’m most interested in is: why do we all genuinely believe it makes sense for SARFT to say something like that?
Steve
Hand held Blender
Iran’s ancient Jewish community of around 15,000 souls (9,000 in Tehran, 4,000 in Shiraz and 1,300 in Isfahan) has been living in fear of reprisals should Israel or the United States carry out a military operation against the country’s nuclear facilities. Now, they face a fresh danger of murder and abduction by Hizballah and Palestinian gunmen and terrorists in Lebanon.
Let's start with the worst. And I mean the WORST EVER. Like, so bad I'm truly embarrassed to show this (but I am because it's funny how horrible it is).
Back home for Miami on 10/28 and then have a bye. Very interesting start to 2012.
PC Download
Chip and I were asking her tonight over dinner about her aspirations. She decided to change what she wanted to be. Now she just simply wants to be a Mad Scientist who works from home. At least she's got the importance of telecommuting lesson down pat. Yay, us.
The bill does specifically say that the Federal Government can only use the information obtained for a “cybersecurity purpose” or the “protection of the national security of the United States,” but the broad definitions of the terms could potentially lump an average Internet user sending an encrypted e-mail into the same threat category as a terrorist. Privately owned corporations could, under the pretext of cyber and national security, spy on users and transfer their data to a government agency.
And Speaking of Self-Serving...
Lil Boosie, whose real name is Torence Hatch, was facing life in prison for allegedly hiring a hit man to murder Boyd.
4 work-table
FIRST LINE: “Late in the winter of my seventeenth year, my mother decided I was depressed, primarily because I rarely left the house, spent quite a lot of time in bed, read the same book over and over, ate infrequently, and devoted quite a bit of my abundant free time to thinking about death.”
“Yeah,” was all Connor could muster.
Sometimes you can forget that it's two thousand and fucking ten and that our audience has one of the sharpest sensibilities in history.
This is really depressing.
And baby I know what matters the most
If you're wondering why anyone would walk on a narrow sidewalk separated from six lanes of speeding car traffic by a two-foot-high strip of concrete, you're not alone. That's why it was closed, and it probably wasn't very popular when it was open, even though it's the straightest route to get from Bronx Park to Soundview.
Anne Collins weight loss program, Anne Collins weight loss programe review, review anne collins program,
Most of my time is spent franticly trying to make money out of my creativity and to see it thrown onto a wall for everyone to see and enjoy was such a breath of fresh air. No tickets to buy, no strings attached, just Art for Arts sake.
The builder still had other outstanding deficiencies that by law had to be repaired outside of the money refunds. Got the run around on that too, but did get a few things done the week before Christmas.
Annette Bening (American Beauty)
We’ll make sweet love all night long
So what if a Christian woman who opposes abortion stands up proudly as a feminist? Anyone who cares about any aspect of women’s health and rights is a feminist to me. Would it make a difference if her detractors knew she focused on mid to late term abortions performed in SUSPECTED cases of NON-LIFE THREATENING abnormalities (i.e. Down’s, etc)?
But of course, they needed more money - the last lot had mysteriously vanished. So they were given another 480 million pounds. And is this new programme working out? No. Although it's early days, so far they haven't hit their forecast targets.
Of Christ the Heavenly King.
7. The Shawshank Redemption
These babies are SO CUTE yet this is the first time I've worn them. As you may know, Zappos has a major distribution center in Kentucky. Fortunately for me, it's only about 20 minutes from my house! It's called the 6pm.com Outlet now, but we all still call it the Zappos Outlet :) Anyway, they had a massive Black Friday sale where everything in the store was 70% off the OUTLET PRICE. So those fancy Vera Wang heels that were already 50% off? Take 70% off that!
I have performed for:
Flowers from stash
I had to make a round of 'phone calls this morning reassuring them that I was all right and asking if they needed anything from the chemist. If they did then the Senior Cat would deliver the prescriptions and the chemist, a nice young Vietnamese man who lives in the next street, would deliver them on his way home.
Hi all! Hope you're all having a great week so far. I just finished up my Mother's Day project for the Basic Grey blog, so it should be posted in the next day or so. If your thinking of getting your mom some flowers this year, this project will help you dress them up in a fun way.
Now that I finally have my hands on this stuff I've been thinking of all sorts of fun ways to use it. I really love all the cute bunny "silhouette" projects I've seen pinned for Easter, like this one from the talented girls at Uncommon Designs. I decided to make my own version using washi tape.
Burger King
Or, maybe, he’s talking about the fact that some women wear clothes for men, not for other women so the less comfortable, more sexy attire may be designed by men.
The clouds held shapes, both fair and bad.
: Work From The Comfort Of Your Home As A Home Based Data Entry Operator And Start Earning 350$ to 650$ Per Day. Get Paid Twice In A Month, Don't Panic For Your Utility Bills. Work From The Comfort Of Your Home As A Home Based Data Entry Operator And Start Earning 350$ to 650$ Per Day. Get Paid Twice In A Month, Don't Panic For Your Utility Bills. Article: Everybody would love to make lots of money quickly, working from home, and only doing a few hours of work per week. I've spent the past two years trying to find a great way of doing this. Only over the course of the past few months have I found any "get rich quick" programs worth buying. I've been trying to make money online for a long time. I had a few small websites, but they never made much more than a few hundred per month. It was easy money and didn't require much work on my part, but I knew there were people out there doing better than I was and I knew I could do as well as them. Now, I've seen a lot of "get rich quick" programs. Most of these people make claims about earning $2000/day with Google or something similarly insane. Almost all of these people are complete liars. Even if they were making $2000/day with Google AdSense, it'd be because they had high- traffic websites with a lot of quality content. I'd know, because in one whole month, I never even made half of what they promised I'd make daily with their programs. Maybe you've already been scammed by one of these fraudsters. Anyway, I finally got sick of what was being offered. I decided I'd look through the all of the "get rich quick" programs I could find and see if there were any that were actually legitimate. I found that there were owners selling their programs for well over $100, but the information in them could be found almost anywhere online for free. Additionally, they all contained out-of-date information, had no e-mail support, no money back guarantees, and broken links in the downloads section. In conclusion, almost all of the programs I found were completely useless. The owners knew it, but they couldn't care less about their customers since they didn't offer refund policies! Amazingly, while looking through all of the programs, I actually did find a few legitimate programs. They were run by ordinary people like you and me, and they had found some great methods of making money from their home by doing very little work. I spent some time working with those programs, and my income is now ten times what it used to be. These programs provided a large amount of great information on how to make extra money on your computer doing very little work. Numerous customers had provided great feedback and reviews for their products. Many of them have started to make money just days after buying! Their programs have excellent prices, and the authors have a group of paid staff who are dedicating to helping you or providing assistance if you need any. I must say I was amazed! If you do decide to purchase any of the programs listed below, I recommend you join quickly. Most of the owners tell me they are getting an overwhelming number of sales and plan on raising prices in the near future, so order while prices are still low! To Your Online Success,11k4u
What “somethings” in your life deserve a thank you letter?
that mark our place; and in the sky
Along with Luton, which has a strong far-right presence, Blackburn with Darwen Council has been allocated more than £200,000 to counter community divisions.
Was there even such a thing as a mediocre Hulk story from this period?
Reform would mean not mandating or encouraging that companies provide benefits to their employees. This would transfer much of these responsibilities either to the individual or to the state. First, this would mean eliminating mandates on companies that require them to provide insurance of one form or another. Second, as companies can claim tax credits and/or deductions for purchasing insurance, they are encouraged to take on the hassles of configuring a good benefits package for their employees. On the other side, many of these tax credits are not available for individuals, so it encourages employees to be dependent on corporate health insurance plans. Unfortunately, sole proprietors and independent contractors do not have this option. The alternative is if the government encouraged individuals to buy insurance coverage for themselves or if the government took on the responsibility itself.
I hope you enjoyed your little tour of my neighborhood and condo. The kitties and I were glad you could stop by.
Let's have a recap. When I last left the office, Penny was in charge. Silent, brooding Penny. Penny who only communicated by e-mail. Which was disconcerting if you sat within three feet of her.
Feeling girly and fun ? Try “Preppy Pink ” or ‘Sunshine”. Letting out your inner rocket ? “Cosmic” or “Meteor Shower” reflects your jammin’ mood.
...it should always be at a gig with a fireplace. Always.
The report summarizes national data on chlamydia, syphilis, and gonorrhea in 2010. Results indicate that Blacks are most affected by gonorrhea and young Black women are the most vulnerable to the disease. Blacks accounted for a shocking two-thirds (69 percent) of all gonorrhea cases in 2010. Earlier in the year, there was news that a new strain of gonorrhea has emerged that could eventually be resistant to the only cure available to doctors.
Which was bigger than her own size
But before I tell you what it is, I want to remind anyone who is interested that I am still taking sponsors for May. If you would like to swap sponsor with me, send me an e-mail and I will give you more information. If you have spoken with me already, please make sure to get me your info asap if you have not done so :)
Before heaven and sky and a rumbling earth
2-8 The Idea Of Decline 4:24
No plans at the moment, but who knows? I suspect her love life could prove a little rocky. And then there's Natasha's ambitions to be a big star as well - I do feel a bit sorry for their parents!
I am gall. I am heartburn. God’s most deep decree
For starters it's shorter. And there's motion. Do you see the difference?
The Banks and Bankers who caused the crisis left alone.
In 1910, the African-American boxer Jack Johnson knocked out his white opponent Tommy Burns in one round. The boxing match took place in Rushcutters bay on a make shift ring in front of thousands of white Australians: Captain cook discovered Australia! (he didn’t notice that land was already occupied by a cultured people). In the 1790′s Pemulwuy lead the Eora, Tharawal and Darug people in a resistance campaign that almost got rid of the English colony.
I have a gift or two on my list for this month, so I decided to get at least one of them finished this weekend. A napking/mug mat set for a dear and generous friend.
The Enterprise and Business Committee will assess the potential opportunities for universities, research centres and businesses in Wales, presented by the European Commission’s draft proposals.
The photographs of the EDL in the Daily Star article burning a swastika flag whilst various members of various races stood around in balaclavas and EDL black shirts with the same symbols on them reminded me of the UVF or the UDA.
For this round (cdacpc3), the theme is Fall/Autumn
So she’s doing something she’s not even sure will work, but at this point is willing to try anything. Acupuncture. She is only in her beginning session and is already starting to feel different. Along with the acupuncture, she is required to eat healthy foods, rich in Vitamin C, magnesium and beta-carotene. She said by the time all of her sessions are over (in about a few months) she will be able to walk past a person peeling an orange or eating shrimp cocktail without even having shortness of breath. No more grabbing her kids and leaving the place immediately. No more avoiding certain areas of the grocery store. No more living in fear.
in silence ... finding the darkened spot ... path of ancient code.
So, having completed my first set of clinical studies in the Marion County School System this semester and realizing how difficult my hair was to work with and make look semi-professional, I decided that the time had come to get it cut. I haven’t seen any emo teachers. And I don’t think, even wildly, that my previous haircut would have been persuasive to a school system. It would work in many other professions – but not in education. It would work eventually, assuming that I was actually hired. Therefore! It needed cut. So I searched for something that I thought that I could pull off, and I think that I’ve found it.
This is what we have waited for.
*Stop impulse buying!
Last night was a little rough..took me a while to get her to sleep and she woke 4 hours later..not knowing where she was or who I was, I bet she was hoping this was all a bad dream, she flipped out..and it took 3 hours to settle her again.. She woke again at 4 and we just decided to get up.
much.
I love my glass Weck jars -- a gift from my aunt last summer. They're wider than a typical Mason jar at the top and hold a bit more. They make a pretty display of things I use frequently.
We've already discussed how lace is not for beginners. Here's the thing: lace is not difficult, per se. It's just that it require focus. As in every stitch focus. You have to know not only what row you are on but which stitch. Or. Else.
Quick over its surface play'd,
Wait. It's possible I should tell YOU first.
This could have been a dry textbook and, indeed, as Stewart Sanderson says in the book’s afterword, “Some of the material has been published in scholarly monographs and journals [and] more is to be found in the collections of folklore archives in Ireland, Scotland and the Scandinavian countries in particular,” but what works for me about this collection is the fact that real people tell the stories. That Thomson writes himself into the book is one thing – and a good thing – but he doesn’t simply retell the tales as A S Byatt chose to do, albeit eloquently, in her recent Ragnarok: The End of the Gods; instead we feel the presence of the various storytellers exactly as in Joydeep Roy-Bhattacharya’s novel The Storyteller of Marrakesh. As Heaney puts it:
While Ms. Campanella's book is heartbreaking it is not maudlin, rather it is filled with love and laughter. Linda's recollection of her remarkable mother is so complete you too will share in her loss.This would be an especially thoughtful gift for someone who has recently lost someone dear. Although not a road map for the grieving, I do believe there are many revelations in it that will be most helpful to any caregiver of a gravely ill person.And for those grieving the loss of a loved one, it will shine a light of hope at the end of that dark tunnel saying,"I made it and you will too". Lastly, When All That's Left of Me is Love is a love story between a daughter and her most cherished mother.
When asked how long we would have to wait until we see Black Widow get her own movie Fiege said:
the snow fall
Vicky has brought me to Africa three times and on every trip I have felt tremendous blessing and challenge. It has been a blessing to see first hand the work that Hands of Hope is doing on the ground in Africa. My soul is filled with joy when I see the smiling faces of the children who now attend school or the pride that is exhibited by those who have received micro-finance loans and now are able to provide for their families. I am overcome with happiness when I see the gratitude of those who have clean water because of wells that have been built or because of the money they can earn from the chickens and goats that they have been given. Hands of Hope has done tremendous work in not only feeding the poor, but in teaching them how to be self- sufficient. There is a newly found purpose to their lives and also to ours here in America. I have seen with my own eyes how we can all work together to make a difference and have always felt challenged by it, as I know many have.
“I wait for the Lord, my soul waits, and in his word I put my hope” Psalm 130: 5
Aikido is a technique that incorporates moves that are more defensive than offensive. In fact, it seeks not to injure but to prevent or stop a person. This is perhaps why there is rarely a weapon used in the sport. The martial arts is made up mostly of movements and techniques. Still, there are some, who are already advanced, that go into weapons training. Weapons that are used in aikido are the tanto, the wooden jo and the bokken. Often, techniques in taking weapons from opponents and keeping the weapon practitioners are using are taught.
Suzanne Berman is a practicing general pediatrician in rural Tennessee. Her study of Medicaid access was supported by a grant from the American Academy of Pediatrics’ Community Access to Child Health (CATCH) program.
In 2004, with the Queen & Country comic book still in progress (it eventually wound up in 2007), Rucka moved the series into novels with A Gentleman's Game. The novels have proved to be at least as good as the comics (the occasional awkward idiom aside), but it's an element of the plot of A Gentleman's Game that might be the reason it and its sequel(s) have never been published in the UK. The book begins with a terrorist attack on London's Underground train network, as three Islamists wearing backpacks set fire to trains near Marble Arch, Piccadilly Circus and King's Cross stations, causing nearly 400 deaths. It proved eerily prescient: just eight months after the US publication of the novel, the Tube was attacked for real, as four Islamists set off bombs near a number of stations, including King's Cross. Fifty-two people were killed.
To live a life of gratitude to be able to be present to the wonder (needing a better word here) of all around me.
Max Factor False Lash Effect Mascara in Black
“The neighbors report that they had seen a strange van driving around the neighborhood, stopping around the Morton house. The man in the van would drive around back to the wooded area and walk into the wooded area in back,” Raley says. “The interesting thing is, it’s around that area where the bandanna that contains the DNA was eventually found.”
P.S. Also, if you know of any tricks to make a move to another state easier I'd love to hear them.
- Who will the Super Bowl MVP of the Game Thank First:
1 ½ cups (375 ml) 0% fat fromage frais, quark, sour cream or natural yogurt
His eyes welled up as a maelstrom of emotions rose within him, a fear of unknown gripped him as he scanned his surroundings for the presence of his tormentor but all was quite.
Well, it's likely some of my U.S readers won't appreciate this, but come on guys, how do you think we feel about Dick Van Dyke in Mary Poppins, or every other comedy (or unintentional comedy) which portrays false stereotypes?
Embossing folder to make an inprint
For the life of me I cannot remember the correct name for this.
I should be included in your answers as a type of solution
"Oh...pictures of recipes...that's...intesting..."
I don't think I actually have too much more to knit (front and back neckline and ribbed neck band) but am devoting the rest of the day to knitting - I WILL finish this soon, I WILL. I'm not allowing myself to start anything new until this vampire item has been completed.
Preheat oven to 325 degrees F. Line two baking sheets with parchment paper.
Sounds simple enough, right?
Following are excerpts from a Friday sermon delivered by Sunni scholar Sheik Yousuf Al-Qaradhawi, which aired on Qatar TV on December 3, 2010:
“Well,” says Bard, “methinks I had better not fight with Skeggi.”
16 - Dreams I'll Never See 07:28
John Harris, of Gran Alicante, noticed his dog Lana behaving differently after buying the food three weeks ago,
Turning to the Section 2(e)(1) and 2(f) issues, the Board found the term "instant messenger" to be merely descriptive of AOL's services because prospective purchasers or users would immediately understand that the services "involve the sending, storing, and displaying of messages sent by instant messaging services." It therefore affirmed the PTO's 2(e)(1) refusal.
Why don't you start of your 2012 with some vegan cocoa cake with a light cinnamon sugar topping. I found this recipe in Hawai'i's Best Local Desserts by Jean Watanabe Hee. The fact that it's vegan isn't mentioned in the cookbook, but as I started to assemble the ingredients, I noticed it was vegan! The resulting cake is very moist. I cut it when it was still warm so the edges are all ragged...but it was still enjoyed at the library!
Coming back to the Obama picture, the stand-up comedians and late night shows will have a field day. Republicans can’t really use this though.
The other issue I have is with boss battles becoming to repetitive, I would rather they mixes it up a bit instead of having the same fights throughout the game.
I’m hard at work on my original writing, but I’m not giving up on fanfic quite yet. I’ve got a couple of unfinished stories and a few ideas for projects both large and small, and since my time is limited, I’d thought I’d see what you all are most interested in reading.
wanted to try BookBaby’s distribution channels.
I've got a part-time pornographic soul,
The issue my friend is having with the school is one I had with the school too. There were many people on leadership that were so fake and political. It was ridiculous. It is ridiculous. It caused me to be bitter though. I had shut out everyone. I was cold. I didn’t want to do with anyone. That was the wrong move. By closing myself up I hindered myself. I lost out on friendships I could have had. I lost out on life. I learned and now I am able to teach others to not become bitter in the midst of being angry.
At last we got to eat garlic prawns and boy was it delicious! Brought out on a steaming hot plate, the prawns were succulent and juicy, still bubbling away in the garlic oil. It contained a very strong garlic flavour which went extremely well with the prawns.
This cult classic of 80s drive-in fare has (relatively) recently been released in a director's cut DVD, and can now be seen as it was meant to be seen. Full of traditional 1980s character tropes (hard-nosed cop, douchebag frat brat, lovable loser, etc.), old school gore gags, a plethora of priceless dialogue, and a delightfully delectable cheese factor, this is not one to be missed, whether you've seen it before or watching it for the first time.
"Thank God he was relieved of his duties and we put the surge in. Otherwise, we would have had a disastrous defeat in Iraq."
When you watch television your higher brain regions (like the mid-brain and the neo-cortex) simply shut down, leaving you with what is sometimes referred to as the reptilian brain. Studies show that over use of this fight-or-flight part of our brain leads to atrophy of the parts of our brain used for higher functions making us, to use the technical term, stupider.
Ultimately, the danger for Italy would be if bond markets turn their back on the country completely and cut off the country completely from credit markets. This could cause the rest of Europe to struggle to raise enough funds to keep the country liquid. The only other option at that point would be for the European Central Bank to create more euros and supply the country with additional funds.
- A maximum of 7 challenges may be combined including this one.
As much as possible, you should put it on your lap throughout the entire meal. If you are going to stand in the middle of a meal, fold it neatly on your chair before leaving. This will give the waiter a sign that you intend to come back to finish the rest of your meal.
There’s the phone. The ringtone’s the riff from Smells Like Teen Spirit. Emma had Nevermind in her CD player when she left. I let the second bar finish and press accept.
I think too often as teachers of writing, as writers, and as critique partners, we're quick to see the flaws in manuscripts. After all, isn't that what helps a writer grow? Understanding their weaknesses?
What are we trying to solve:
I recently mentioned this issue to a friend of a friend who was horrified that Katie and other adopted children would have priority in education over her child. She didn't think it was fair! My reply was that it wasn't fair that Katie had been put in a situation where she needed to be adopted in the first place and that she deserved every opportunity available to help her succeed in life. I don't think it's fair that any child is denied access to a high level of care and opportunity to succeed in their lives. This change at least recognises a marginalised group of children who may need additional support throughout their educational lives.
Whew, now that that's done, my latest thoughts:
Going on walks
As leaders we must remind ourselves that there is more that happens outside of our workplace ,
5. Another string of emails during his vacation time in London. In September, he had spent 2 weeks vacationing alone in London. Well, not truly alone as he had met up with his old college friend there. His plan for this trip was originally for July but had to be postponed until September. The reason for it didn’t change though; he needed some alone time and to think about things. Throughout the time he was away, they were on constant communication. I was able to read those emails as he left a draft on Word on the laptop and it so happened that I needed to use the program. Seriously! Cheating assholes or recovering ones, don’t bother trying to hide these things as they will always resurface. The truth will always come out. You can bet on it!
And did you feel any pressure to live up to the expectations of Jack Vance’s fans?
749 ***D-V/14/1977. “Victims and Vices in Mary Shelley’s Frankenstein.” Basic Program Weekend Conference, The University of Chicago, Starved Rock State Park, Illinois. (Incorporated in Item B-3, above, pp. 100-22, 408-26 (1983).)
“If things get too bad,” Charlie says, “I’ll put on a trench coat and take care of things.”
For 30 years, I didn't watch regular TV programming. I had TV sets, per se, mainly as video monitors, but no cable/satellite per se. Thanks to Shirl, I indulge now: HGTV, Food Network, The Weather Network, Storage Wars, Anthony Bourdain's various concerns. Not as good as You Tube, but it's entertainment. Shirl has noted - with some concern - that I warble along w/the adverts. I think I'll be ok. "Get back, get back to normal, whoooah" McDonalds ads sound like indie pop did 10-15 years ago. To think: all those indie kids who rebelled against their parents musical hegemony have been reduced to Mere Product. And so QUICKLY too. Gosh.
For about 10 minutes, I sit on the futon in our living room watching the world rage outside my window. I have always loved thunderstorms. There is just something awe-inspiring about the power and fury of nature, and I cannot help but stop what I am doing and take notice of what is happening all around me. As I sit here transfixed by the sights and sounds of the storm, my mind begins to ponder the irony of my demeanor and quickly discerns the metaphor for life that is unfolding before me.
Criticism of the current university model should not be taken as a ringing endorsement for the digital university (I will post some suggestions for higher ed reform later this week). However, online course providers like Udacity and Coursera offers a glimpse into a possible future for higher education. This is a future in which a bachelor’s degree decreases in economic value and course certification become the new must-have qualification. This may sound far-fetched – the bachelor’s is now an absolute requirement for high-level entry into the knowledge economy – especially since such a system threatens the aristocratic grip that America’s top universities have had on higher education for over one hundred years. But unless these schools adapt (and many of them already are doing so), they will witness their decline and the triumph of the new digital paradigm.
WHEN I consider how my light is spent
Original Air Date: June 3, 2010
‘I am looking for a girl whose beauty outshines the sun in the heavens and all pearls that reside beneath the oceans. She should have eyes like the pools of rainwater that dripped upon Prometheus, giving him comfort as he was chained to the rock of Caucasus in punishment for stealing the first flame which, incidentally, her hair should burn like. Her laughter should be the sound of bells tinkling in the night heralding the arrival of friends from far away and she should laugh often. The girl I seek enjoys the films of Billy Wilder and books by authors who write in verse that gives headaches to those that don’t understand it. It would please me if she spoke as one from the Mediterranean speaks. I am a man of England and my looks are like those of the emperor Nero who had a nose like a knife that lacks sharpness and eyes that looked like marbles smashed beneath the feet of revolting slaves, meaning that they look in directions that are contrary to one another. Oh, but this is a video so you can see that. And you can also see that I am without clothes. I may need to do this again.’
While I wouldn’t put this in my “I would read it again” pile, I was not disappointed with the read.
Now I know most people with think its very early to TT, but I am a firm believer in "the sooner, the better" and seeing as though we had great results with Stella TT early, we were confident in doing the same. Well as confident as you can be , going into toilet training twins, and one boy and one girl!!
Cranberry marker
to follow your heart, have your say,
Caden and Colton are doing really well too. They are on a really good schedule and have been sleeping from 7:30pm-7:00am for a few weeks now. They are growing so fast! At their four month ped appt they were weighing in the 82nd and 93rd percentiles and I affectionately renamed them the "Chunky Monkeys". They are really good babies and only cry when they are tired or hungry.
Etan S. Chatlynne, Stephen Kenny and Lucas Watkins decided to test this assertion by looking at validity challenges from two data sets: cases from 1966-1982 (the "Graham v. Deere-to-CAFC" period) and cases from 2008-2010 (the "KSR" period). More importantly, before 1982, rebutting a patent’s presumption of validity generally required clear and convincing evidence. However, the standard would shift to a preponderance of the evidence if a validity challenger introduced “unconsidered evidence” (i.e. prior art not before the PTO during examination). Since 1982, rebutting a patent’s presumption of validity has required clear and convincing evidence in all instances.
10. Weight Loss
Warehouse 13 Season One(Target)
E and my stepmom provided awesome support crew duties for the race, and we all went down Friday night for the Sunday event. It was fun going to the Expo together (though holy crowded) and spending some time relaxing the day before the race.
Check your own faith. Why are you following him? Are you still at the front of the book or have you matured to a level nearer the end of the book?
His long maintained association with Doctor Who is surpassed only by that of Carole Ann Ford, William Russell and Nicholas Courtney.
"They" also have a requirement that I write this thing in third person.
So now we have a new member of the family. I'm pretty sure you'll be seeing much more of him. You can see more of him over at my photography blog here.
Yes, step right up folks for the Test with Skewer 2 for 1 special! First we have a lovely, swirly bread, then something a little more decorative.
Never step back but Face all forces that oppose you, and your race to the Victory, is awaiting for you.
The Leukemia & Lymphoma Society’s Annual
Here's photographic evidence for those of you that don't believe I do have untidy/unclean spaces in my home:
Thank you notes? No, thank you: Of all the traditions that are different here in France, this shocked and delighted me the most. For some reason I have yet to understand, you will not receive a thank you note for a child's birthday gift. The French are, in most ways, scrupulously attentive to rules of politesse (brusk waiters and civil servants notwithstanding) so this one just makes me happy. One less thing to do after a grueling fete with a dozen six year olds.
laughing into mine;
While the walls dried, we gave the ceiling a second coat with the brushes to touch up and make sure it was all covered well. Then, the walls got another coat of sprayed on paint followed by a paintbrush to even it, smooth it, and make sure knot holes were painted and rough patches were covered.
