CHRISTMAS EVE!
I have used flower soft..lilac and made my own flower with stamps by Chloe, this is the large and small stamp used. Embossed both flowers.
-Ryan Christopher from the Spider-Man musical: I am impressed that Andy kept his professionalism while hanging upside-down. The request for the Spider-Man upside-down smooch made this one memorable. B
Spare a thought, if you will, for those little individually wrapped pieces of bubble gum. You know, the ones packaged with temporary tattoos or stickers. You’d get a tattoo of a spider, or a sticker of a popular cartoon character, and all for 10c. Getting that little extra often made you felt like you weren’t getting ripped off. That extra novelty added so much. When it came down to choosing a piece of the gum or a mini Redskin, you’d suddenly picture that empty spot on your school folder that could do with a sticker of Pikachu.
Philanthropy in other words. This is not to help the poor or to benefit them but to aid the rich in reducing their tax bill by giving some of their wealth away. The rich don’t do things to help the poor if there isn’t anything in it for them. Call me cynical but the rich only care about increasing their own wealth.
leading to the first
…that’s it?
The best part? A few milia that had been troubling me completely cleared up. Within six weeks of starting to use the Mia, they were all gone.
It absorbs nicely and I feel it does good things for my skin. So far, I'd recommend this!
Writ server
of crossing the bloodlines in a cardboard-box.
I don't really think I am normally that quirky. However, I ran track through high school and college and got it in my head that I ran better in a particular pair of socks. So every race I ran during those years I would wear the same pair of socks. (I washed them of course-but was always terrified that the dryer would eat them.) By the time I had finished my career, those socks had traveled the country with me and they had no elastic left and were barely holding together. They gave new meaning to the phrase "floppy socks."
Conclusion & Foster's Legacy
While churches have long enjoyed the ministerial exception rule that allows them to ignore the usual anti-discrimination laws in regards to employment, certain churches have expanded that exception beyond the ministry. For example, Emily Herx was fired from a Roman Catholic school and she claims this was because she used in vitro fertilization(IVF). In response to what she regarded as discrimination, she brought a law suit against the church.
"From the mashing stage we looked over the balustrade and observed, on a lower gallery opposite, three handsome copper vessels, one of them closed with a domed cover, the other two open. They are used for boiling the wort with the hops; two of them boil eighty barrels, and the other 140 barrels at one time. The design of these coppers is a little different from those we have seen before, the curvature being dissimilar, and the crown somewhat higher. The furnaces which heat these vessels are on the paved floor of the brewhouse ; the fuel with which they are fired being raised in barrows by the steam hoist, by means of hinged blocks which lift up as they pass through the trap doors, so that the loaded barrows cannot fall."
Bay and Her Boys: Unexpected Lessons I Learned as a (Single) Mom by Bay Buchanan ($25.00, Da Capo Press) offers a very different, far more cheerful look at parenthood. As of 2011, 24% of children in the United States were living in single-family homes. It is no longer a rarity. A former Treasurer of the U.S., she is a political strategist and an influential conservative leader. She tells of a surprise and devastating divorce twenty-three years ago. Pregnant at the time, she was left to raise her sons while becoming a working mom. She hopes to change the national dialogue about single women while recounting what it was like to hold on to traditional values. The book offers some very good advice for all mothers, single or married.
If you have any questions and would like to contact me, please feel free to email me or write to me at dhamilton42f@yahoo.com or call me at 937-692-5736.
Let cool on a wire rack for at least 15 minutes. Run a knife around the edge of the pan and carefully invert the cake onto a serving plate. Serve warm or at room temperature.
Fresh tomatoes, diced
0 ‘pop’ a
One question most people ask after watching “High Plains Drifter” is who exactly is the character played by Eastwood. The actor-director has said the stranger was originally written as the brother of the dead marshal of Lago. Eastwood even described the film as an extension of “High Noon”, where too the townspeople didn’t back the sheriff, and stranger and makes sure that they live with their guilt. Eastwood also said he played the stranger “more as an apparition” because that would leave some uncertainty for the audience.
Robert Kardashian was an attorney and a friend to OJ. The Simpson trial was in 1995.
I’ve been dying to tell you about my new favorite drink, a festive Elderflower Champagne Cocktail. I made countless pitchers of this beverage when the One-Year-Plan group gathered for our annual New Year’s Day 6-hour brunch, and I think that will be a yearly tradition from now on. I’ve waited to tell you about it until now because I think it’s absolutely perfect for Valentine’s Day.
As the world mourned Wednesday, some were unwilling to believe Facts was actually gone.
Freedom from school schedules and constraints.
The Healing Center provides counseling, group therapy and other support services. All of our services are free, as we believe that everyone, regardless of inability to pay, deserves the help they need. To learn more about our services, please visit our website.
I’m so excited to be getting married and starting a home with James. I want a place that’s safe, a place I can fill with my books and my singing, a place where I can write. I know myself enough to know I need a home. Maybe once I finally have a sweet, loving place to live, I’ll be able to grow in other ways, too.
It is forbidden to kill; therefore all murderers are punished unless they kill in large numbers and to the sound of trumpets. ~Voltaire, War
Dear plonk miners: I gave up Herr Doktor Myers’ blog a long time ago. I hear second hand that he has not changed, and visited today very briefly to see if I’m still in the dungeon. Amazingly, I am, but only for daring to combat the Sycophantic Echo Chamber Horde with something different than the Party Line. I will not be taking on Herr Doktor here, so save your fingers and your limited intellects. Stick with what you know and listen to so well in Herr Doktor’s Echo Chamber.
8:30am – 11pm thursday to saturday
8.Do you buy lottery tickets?
As usual I have hit the 5 century mark please folks bear with me. I will get down to reading your posts. I may not be brilliant with my comments but I am sure you guys will bear with me.
So there we have it, lots on show and plenty of stuff to play. One of the bigger surprises for me was that Bioshock: Infinite didn’t make any sort of appearance – seemed weird for one of the biggest games of next year.
Ticket Price:
It’s a shame that I have not heard more from Rosenberg because his score for this Demi Moore vehicle features some particularly beautiful thematic material. Full of emotion this title theme is one of my favourites and is always welcomed when it appears on a playlist.
I hope you all are enjoying sunny days wherever you are!
Dana’s next release will be Finding Forgiveness July 5, 2011. It will be book 1 in the Pocono’s Pack series, another spin off of Halle Puma’s. This book will showcase Ben Malone and Dave Maldonado. Can Dave give up his drinking? Can Ben finally claim the mate he’s pined for since he was ten years old? I can’t wait to find out!!!
Are any of these legitimate reasons? Numbers 1 and 2 reject Jesus because of what some of His self-proclaimed followers have done. But that doesn’t have anything to do with who Jesus is or what He is like.
Pro-life, Pro-family Leaders Praise McCain’s Choice of Pro-Life Alaska Gov. Sarah Palin for VP Running Mate
WHO: Bull’s Eye Credit Union President David Stark
If you love cheese, this is THE mac and cheese for you. V and Neighbor Girl just about swooned over the taste. There is a very high ratio of cheese to pasta which is what makes it so rich and delicious. I served the mac and cheese with a beet and arugula salad, and chickpea cutlets for a complete dinner.
When I finally stepped inside, MP will tell you--I became like a child. I love this little parc with a passion, and I was overjoyed that it was nearly empty that afternoon. For the first time, I stood inside the little maison's courtyard all alone, and on a wind-swept day such as that one, it felt out of a piece of literature or art.
Quality Folding Tables from leading manufacturers at discounted prices.
It has been five long years since we last heard from Santigold. Five long years ago, the artist known as Santi White was still called Santogold and her ultra-catchy hits Creator and especially L.E.S. Aristes were playing all over the radio and television commercials.
Ring the bell, close the book, quench the candle....
So my son is going out for a meal and is getting himself ready at his house about 7 miles away when he gets a phone call. It’s his mum.
With untamed dragons
Coat the potatoes and wedges in the fat and then put the wedges back. Cover them in a generous amount of salt and black pepper.
McCarthy Shuffles Chicago Command Staff As Murders Spike
Ganga was sunken, and the limp leaves
East West Kolsch
Every Tuesday that you comment on (including this week) from this week until the 14th will give you an entry for the draw.
(b) A stone is cold. There is a chilly, icy feeling about it, which you know the moment you touch it. It is utterly unlike the feeling of flesh, or wood, or even earth. The proverb is in every one’s mouth, “As cold as a stone.” The old marble statues in many a cathedral church have heard the substance of thousands of sermons. Yet they never show any feeling. Not a muscle of their marble faces ever shrinks or moves. It is just the same with the natural heart. It is utterly destitute of spiritual feeling. It cares less for the story of Christ’s death on the cross, than it does for the last new novel, or the last debate in Parliament, or the account of a railway accident., or a shipwreck, or an execution. Until God sends fire from heaven to warm it, the natural heart of man has no feeling about religion. Well may it be called a heart of stone!
My other assignment is to come up with some more visceral coping strategies. I have several logical/intellectual ones, but when I melt down I am not in the thinking part of my brain. I need something that works when I bypass that part of my brain and am just looking for pain. Basically, I need to find non-destructive ways to hurt myself. That doesn't sound quite right, but that's what it is. Deep tissue massage that hurts. Exercise to the point of pain but not injury. Going outside in the cold without a coat on to really feel the cold but not to the point of freezing. So I am to find ways to address my need for physical pain in those moments that isn't damaging. Suggestions are welcome.
Out of the hundreds of stands I saw, only one (yes, one) advertised prices. Not only did this help you see what they sold, they also compared online prices with show prices, giving people a strong reason to buy NOW. This stand was packed. Some people were actually jostling to take a look at the prices. Others were talking about them. Why the secret? Is it true you're so expensive you don't even want to advertise the price because it might scare people off?
A Fabric Marking Pen
Areas of confusion
ALSO (still more secrets): Earth has been manipulating the other ansibles, the other Buoys. I don’t think they tell the crew of the Moon. Or yes, probably they do. Have to factor that in.
David has already made a mark on the children's book world with When I was Joe and its sequel, Almost True. It must have been a relief after those novels featuring knife crime, witness protection and life on the run, to turn to champagne, designer handbags and luxury hotels.
Fr Peter Steele SJ is Professor Emeritus of English literature at Melbourne University and was Provincial Superior of the Jesuits in Australia from 1985 to 1990.
I am following the Jeff Galloway training plan for the Princess 1/2 and I have 20 weeks. Its basically 2 weekly runs of 30-45 minutes, 1 long run and some cross training each week.
My teens had a presentation about suicide and depression at school today....
This project is exactly up my alley....cheap, easy and fast, with a big finish. In fact, it's so stupid-easy, that I'm almost embarrassed to show it to you. But I love them so much, so I hoped some of you would too.
When all hearts should be glad.
His whole attitude to life around him
May you have time for artful pursuits this weekend and time to pause for reflection, too.
cos nothin’ ever burns down by itself
Your task is to give someone a hug and let them know how much your care! Have a great weekend!
“Berlage” is self-service. You order at the counter of the kiosk and carry your order to a table and seat under the trees. It was nice enough, ordinary prices, limited choice – but not quiet. Their music could be heard all over the square.
I paused after reading it. I have saved the message in my draft folder. I never sent it; I never deleted it either. I don't know why, really.
You throw the bedspread over rumpled sheets(-1)
The Boston Tea Party (1773)
We had all arrived at one of our favorite restaurants. Breakfast was ordered. We had a couple of members that seldom read the material, but always had thoughts about it anyway. That was okay with us, because we valued their opinions. But I was totally unprepared for the comment of our guest. She said, “I have read the first chapter and I think it is a bunch of garbage.”
You asked … is she the salt of the earth?
Let me first get this stupid sentence off my chest: I find the term dim sum ridiculously hilarious. Why? Because I say dim sum and I think "stupid math". Get it? dim sum = stupid math? Get it? No? I did say it was stupid! I guess that says a lot about me.
Momma won't be missing another weekend of sales, will you??
It is an irony and a tragedy of our school system that education has been turned into a dreadful “teach to the test” exercise in boredom when learning new things should at its heart be one of the most exciting things youngsters (and adults) can do. It is the ultimate “food for thought.”
3. What’s your take on the pros and cons of self-publishing in today’s ever-changing market?
If you'd like to keep up to date with developments and events from the Galloway Photographic Collective, then do visit and "Like" our Facebook page, which can be found here:
Many firms have adopted and expanded two-tier partnership structures. That has many unfortunate consequences for the firms that create a permanent sub-class of such individuals. But non-equity partners are profit centers and most big law leaders say that ever-increasing profits are necessary to attract and retain top talent.
The area by the snack stand is under a canopy where it seems the Yankee game is always on. This was a time when the preponderance of the games was played in the daytime. Once they’ve got the score, or see the Yankees take a turn at bat, the boys return to the locker area. There are several steam rooms and one has been out of order for as long as they can remember. This is where they smoke their cigarettes, absurdly reasoning that if anyone sees smoke they’ll assume it is steam. The boys aren’t yet ready for a swim. As a matter of fact they can’t swim and instead typically just cool off in the shallow end. Today, after their smoke, they wander around the facility.
In 2008, Jim Stone hacked into the corporate computers of GlaxoSmithKline Pharmaceuticals.
Happy Holidays! One dish down and a few more to go!
Who’s tired of playing stupid drinking games? I know I sure am. You kids seem to love your moronic card games and keg stands. But while you were busy wasting your time with that nonsense, I was busy inventing things. I’m a regular drunken Benjamin Franklin. Except I’ll make it rain pennies, because I couldn’t care less about saving them. They’re worthless. But enough sidetracking, let’s get to the games.
The train is empty so I find this a little odd but I am feeling sicker and sicker so I stare out of the window and try and concentrate on not throwing up.
First we destroyed a 1$ lamp shade, creating this beautiful pile of ugly yellow plastic...
Bits/(Pixel*Frame): 0.423
Marc by Marc Jacobs peep toe patent pumps.
Last but certainly not least, a big thank-you to Mr. Sherman for taking the time during the holidays to give the entrants his thoughts, and a big thank-you to all of you for contributing your feedback and advice. I really appreciate your support, as these contests wouldn’t work without you.
As I child, I was apparently so disturbed by and terrified of hair (especially other people's), I would freak the eff out if, for example, I had a stray hair on my sleeve, and would run screaming to the nearest adult, so that said hair could be removed.
Don’t think it’s easy. Be determined. Don’t give up.
All was going well until my camera came out and then...the unthinkable happened.
After a huge day of action on Saturday where Party members and supporters gathered to protest against Muslim paedophile grooming gangs in Hyde and the soft treatment received by these gangs at the hands of our Establishment, local activists were again up and about on Sunday morning, continuing with the nationalist stuggle in Shrewsbury.
The Komen Foundation asserted that their previous position was not political, but in response to ongoing investigations by the United States Congress into Planned Parenthood. However, the continuous efforts to defund Planned Parenthood— which are being led by conservative factions on the federal level— constitute nothing more than political grandstanding that puts women in need of affordable healthcare at risk. Without doubt, these Congressional investigations are wholly political in nature.
So, I left as HR ESCORTED me out. What do I say at interviews? It seems to be a very negative perception.
I loved it, I don’t think I needed anything else..
I hooked up my counterflow chiller backwards, so I didn't get as much cooling as I normally do. I took my gravity reading, and I got 1.032 instead of 1.050. I'm hoping that the lower reading is the result of the wort not being mixed well. We'll see in a week.
Have you been asking God what He is going to do? He will never tell you. God does not tell you what He is going to do— He reveals to you who He is. Do you believe in a miracle-working God, and will you “go out” in complete surrender to Him until you are not surprised one iota by anything He does?
If anyone has been reading my blog, they know that Ty and I moved to Bellingham just voer a week ago. You also might know that living in Portland was difficult for us. But you might not realize that difficult does not even begin to touch on it.
Another time one bloke entered what I now think of as The Grape Yard to the exultant cheers of his colleagues. It sounded like a return of the prodigal son kind of moment, so I stood on our bed and watched events unfold through the window. The bloke would have been in his mid to late 50s, but walked with a pronounced limp. A few of the Grape Men patted him on the back and some others watched from a distance with looks of wonderment on their faces.
I’m not going to do a full tutorial, but here are the basics of how I did it:
In considering what to make with so many glorious choices, I went for something familiar…Poulet sauté bordelaise –– chicken bordelaise. Bordelaise is just one of those sauces that defines old haute cuisine and with reason, it is terribly good (and not that hard to make!).
I am left sympathising with WalkenTalken’s character’s predicament; the protagonist trying to understand a messy war, the outcome of which will be wasteful and hollow.
On that same ride, I stopped to get something out of my back pannier and a couple of minutes later another cyclist came along and asked if I needed any help before he continued on past. How reassuring to know that if I really ran into trouble while out cycling there would be people offering assistance. There are a lot of wonderful people in the world!
mika loves projects that involve string. string is his favorite.
Anyhoo, let's get down to business. If you've been following me, you know I'm part of Just A Few Friends' (JAFF) "The Pride". My sister lionesses are Elsa, Krystal, Kimi and Suzie. This month, we decided to have a mini blog hop of sorts. It's gonna be loads of fun and I hope you're able to play along! We will be sharing projects from now through February 14th in hopes of inspiring your inner Cupid. Yes, Valentine's Day will be here before you know it! Trust me, you'll want to visit all of our blogs for some yummy goodness and maybe even a little surprise! So remember, start off at Elsa's blog and continue hopping until you end up here with me.
Now Abimelech ruled over Israel three years.
I remember now why I love the cold.
Feel better?
But calculus.
And soft nibbles on a blushing face
I want to return the theme of this blog to its adventurous and reflective genesis. It has been sullied by the structure and misplaced ambition of the last slew of posts. Selfishly, it is refreshing to return to the style that encouraged me to write in the first place. Sweet, honest, organic prose.
was left to the night was there
Next up is ‘Player ID’. This is designed to make players more recognisable in the sense that they will have their signature attributes, skills and tricks available that set them apart from their fellow pros. This feature is not just limited to outfield players as Konami have confirmed that goalkeepers are also going to be individual and easily identifiable by unique characteristics.
And yet, she has ramped up her feeding in the last few days, to the point where I think breastmilk has surpassed the importance of even blueberries for the Mouse...and each time, she winds her fist around my t-shirt or bra strap and holds on tightly. Her eyelids droop involuntarily, she breathes in the scent of my skin with deep, snorty breaths, and it's as though I once again have a little baby in my arms rather than a great big birthday girl.
of things that matter ( to my family ) ( which also, naturally, includes myself ) *
How I love that London Times dress! Some might find its swingy shape daunting, but I love all the options the lack of structure offers. If you’d like to cinch it in, you can use a belt or top it with a vest or jacket.
"Ahh, okay okay," he motions for me to go, then grabs my hand for a firm handshake. He points to himself, "Opa, okay? Opa."
So as I see it, at the core of how something like MT can work are 2 fundamental ideas. The first is the mistaken notion that the mind is a separate entity to the body - and the traditional sense of the conscious mind as being the “real” self and the primary authority – is dangerously naïve (as described in the previous posts). The second is the understanding of the plasticity of the brain – how we respond and how we act lay down and reinforce connections and pathways – and if we change our understandings and actions, then we can rewire aspects of the brain.
Which, as a side note, I believe I am slightly obsessed. Last night I watched Comedy Central’s Roast of Charlie Sheen and I could not stop laughing. At midnight, no less. Although he says he’s done with the whole #winning thing, I have to say today, after those endorphins reached my blood stream, I was certainly #winning.
Damek and I started a new novel yesterday, 'Leven Thumps' by Obert Skye. Damek and I have been reading novels together since Damek was 4 years old. I remember loving reading as a young child. I remember seeing both my parents read books for pleasure. My dad in particular had a real passion for reading tackling a few different books at a time on different topics. We had books all over our house (on bookshelves, in end tables, on tabletops, ect..) as well as many different magazines on many different topics.
-Then, transfer the cooked ravioli to another baking sheet and keep them warm in the oven while frying the remaining ravioli. (The fried ravioli can be prepared 1 day ahead. Cool them completely, then cover and refrigerate. Before serving, place them on a baking sheet and rewarm in a preheated 375 degrees F oven just until they are heated through, about 7 minutes.)
Never has there been such a brilliant couple
A new generation of entrepreneurs, engineers and IT professionals made Bangladesh digital without much government help or vision. These folks can take our country farther than anyone can dream of.
If it was not for the EDL the rape of these girls would be ignored, and the perpetrators would continue.
And by two of his grandsons, Jacob, then 20, and Nathan Winkler, then 18:
5 IBM 12:12
She didn't stop talking about it all day, how "Mommy got her stucked in the car and she was rescued by a firetruck."
The first round of the presidential election is just three weeks away. Despite the violence, and the disqualification of several leading candidates, at the moment the vote does not appear to be under threat.
JOHN WILLIAMS WINS FIVE AWARDS FROM THE INTERNATIONAL FILM MUSIC CRITICS INCLUDING SCORE OF THE YEAR FOR “WAR HORSE”
One thing I like about spec-fic is the immersion in a new and alien world (I describe this affection in more detail here). When you first start reading, you don’t understand the world, its rules, its history, its culture–nothing. You need to learn this as you go. Furthermore, the more intricate the plot and the more convoluted the intrigue, the more work the reader needs to do to figure out what’s going on, what the stakes are, and where the tension lies. The way writers need to help the readers along is with the use of exposition. The funny thing is, though, is that exposition is atrociously boring to read. No matter how necessary it is (and in a fantasy novel, it is very necessary), reading giant walls of text wherein the meaning of this or that thing is revealed is, well, dull. If you’re anything like me, you start hearing the voice of the teacher in all the Charlie Brown specials (“wah wah, wawah, woh WA wa wah”). Anybody who’s read The Fellowship of the Ring probably knows exactly what I’m talking about–those two chapters in the middle (“Many Meetings” and “The Council of Elrond”) are DREADFUL reading. I think I’ve read that book four or five times now, and I still nod off during those things.
Do you remember Mount St. Helen's? Rather I should ask, do you remember the 1980 eruption? Fifty seven people were killed. One of the victims was 83 year old Harry R. Truman who lived there for 54 years died when he refused to leave his home. His body was never recovered.
Hey awesome folks I came across this cool app by S4BB that allows you to access useful numbers through your Blackberry® device. I mean personally speaking apps like this is really handy I mean how many times we need numbers of banks or hotels yet we cannot find them or worst of all wait for it ……… we use that sms service that promises to give you any service number you may need and what happens!!!! the service does not work or the number is outdated! This app is really handy for anyone who uses services such as hotels, banks even airlines frequently to be honest this app should be used by everyone because it really makes life much more easier.
9/16 – Los Angeles - Sarah Borges & The Broken Singles with Mike Stinson and Dead Rock West @ Spaceland! Holy Sin City shows Batman!
I find it funny that so many people consider writers like John Taylor Gatto (who wrote, among many other things, this essay, which I think is great) to be so shocking, considering he's really just framing what the education profession knows to be true in a different light.
Let’s puff the smoke away:
Thus, when I got the call the dress was there, I definitely got nervous that it wouldn't look the way I had remembered and that it would be the wrong size and that I picked the wrong version of the color white for it.
Hope everyone is having a great week!
Aren’t they adorable, when I saw them I simply knew I must have them. They are for my many nephew and nieces and goddaughter and brother and son and me, so Mum has a big job on. Keep working Mum and no slacking.
We eventually hit a very narrow and curvy, pitch black road that was obviously surrounded by a thick forest. A small deer whizzed past us right off the side of the road. I didn’t see it but another guy in the car did. That’s when I slowed down. The last thing I wanted was to hit a deer out here. I hit the brights and for the next 5 minutes or so we saw probably 5 or 6 animals crossing the road. The first was a big fat beaver that I narrowly missed. After that there was a family of possums, again, I narrowly missed. Not 10 seconds later there were two ‘somethings’ crossing the road and I tried to avoid them but everyone in the car swears I smashed one of them, it sure seemed like it. Some even asked if I did it on purpose, ha!
Despite his animations on the touchline, Mancini has remained utterly pragmatic under the press’ microscope and will be aware that his side still face two teams battling for a Champions League place and Premier League survival respectively before the season’s end. Dismissing Swansea and Sunderland on the basis that they have little to play for is calculated misdirection, but City clearly have the tougher assignment. The Italian’s line has been consistent over the last few weeks, as he’d attempted to shift all of the pressure towards United by suggesting City have nothing to lose. Of course, the balance has shifted yet again after last night’s victory with Mancini now needing to prove that his side can deal with the level of pressure that comes with being top of the league in the season’s final stages. Last night proved that City can rise to the big occasion whilst completing a League double over United for only the second time in their history. Newcastle’s ability to match up to the champions elect this coming Sunday could come down to how successful they are at Stamford Bridge tomorrow evening, but with Queens Park Rangers’ situation promising to demand a result from their visit to the Etihad stadium on the final day of the season, City have two final tests to navigate before it can be confirmed that they are the best the land has to offer.
My next article will talk about the Milwaukee Brewers, Prince Fielder and a fundamental economic principle, opportunity cost.
Preheat oven to 350 degrees. Spray a loaf pan with cooking spray and set aside.
5. Avoid hot-spots. Like Oak Street where the 50 visiting dignitaries might throw a fit when they realize that only 10 of them can fit in that exclusive store at one time. Or the Marilyn Monroe statue on Michigan avenue where all of the protesters will get distracted by the desire to get their picture with the leggy blond and her lifted skirt.
City Lights is a marvel of the cinema, a warm and funny classic bursting with the simple humanity of Chaplin's Tramp. Its ending, with its rich emotional complexity and ambiguity, provides one of the most eloquent proofs of the enduring power and beauty of silent film, because with just a few words and those glorious closeups of the leads, Chaplin says so much without actually saying a word aloud.
I don’t think its wrong if a man is the initiator of contact what I’m saying is that acting like a player and playing every women’s heart is another story. Boys should grow up and be a man enough, WE have better intelligence than animals and we can control our instincts so being promiscuous have no room for reasons.
It was the late movie on Channel 7 here in New York that introduced me to "The Lords of Flatbush" a film released in 1973 the celebrated the rough and tumble always edgy lives of leather jacketed teens in the 1950's. yeah.
How much money does it take for a person to deserve servants? How big must a person be to have people do things for them?
Dream a little dream
Before we crack on a quick word on jars. I find the easiest for a beginner (ie me!) is the Bormioli Rocco Quattro brand, available in NZ at Mitre 10 or for about half the price at Arthur Holmes, but you will have to buy a box of 12. They have a rubber seal inside the lid, and a pop up closure, which once treated in water sucks in and lets you know your seal is good. They also look pretty....
which is very appropriate bc Deana is a Queen Blogger in her own right. She and the awesome Emily Rittel-King are hosting a Killer Characters blogfest at the end of the month. They've got prizes, multiple days to hop and lots of fun going on. Do check them out.
There’s a little bit of truth in this criticism: Obviously someone who owns a smart phone isn’t secretly longing to run away and join the Amish. (Who are capitalists, by the way. They just aren’t no-holds-barred, if-I-can-than-it-is-good capitalists.)
December 19, 2011 ~ WOW!! So much has happened in the last 2 weeks...it has been a whirlwind! We were going to wait to tell the kids about all this until the homestudy was done but there was no way. There is so much we need to talk about and it was getting too hard to try to only talk about it when they weren't around. So, we told Eli and Olivia the exciting news on 12/8. I wrapped the book "I Love You Like Crazy Cakes" and made a little piece of paper that all hinted about the adoption. They are sooo excited but they want her here NOW!! We also went on our pre-training service on Dec. 10th up in Cleveland at the adoption agency. We got to meet Uncle Joe (from China). We learned so much about post-adoption troubles that day, very eye opening. So, this week I have been a busy bee and literally got ALL the homestudy paperwork done and submitted!! A total of 14 documents (and our autobiographies). We have come so far in just 1 week. I'm on a mission to bring my baby girl home fast!! Here is a list of the documents submitted:
A lot of guys fight the transition from boy to man because they despise responsibility.
When I try
11 Hill Where The Lord Hides
Previously I wrote during my train commute but since I stopped commuting by train I found it hard to get into a proper writing routine with all the bustle of home life, the distractions and the chores etc. whether it was in the morning or the evening. Then I tried the balcony (which only works in good weather by the way) to get me “out of the house” without being out of the house and found that it was much too cold even on balmy days due to the wind (unless I am in a bad mood and going for the me against the world attitude).
Key cards: This year's rookie class, basically
Things work differently in UAE and any bumps or scratches have to be reported to the police. And there are camera's everywhere, so running off is not an option. But I'm too nice anyway, and called the police dutifully. I had problems understanding what they were saying, and they had problems understanding me, so I ended up going to the police station in Jebel Ali. I just had to find it first, which is not easy. But got there in the end..
the truth of it is, this is the real thing.
"Come here," he said in a kind of conspiratorial whisper- careful not to let my mother hear him.
This is going to be a struggle. Worth it though – who doesn’t like to see a middle-aged guy strutting around the pool convinced everyone thinks he’s twenty years younger? I did discover a new batch of gray hair the other day. Going to have to deal with that. Grecian-Formula for Men and we’re practically John Travolta. Wait, that’s a hairpiece, so bad example. I’m sure you get the point.
Talking of Mr Skinner, I went down to Kent at the weekend to visit the Bessie, and whilst we were trying to decide what to do on the Saturday be both had emails come through from the Craft Barn telling us that they had an Inspiration Day and one of the Demonstrators was the man himself - well it took a nano of a nano second for us to decide that was where we were destined! What a lovely chap he is and it was nice to meet up with some other people who are doing his course and had the same idea as us!
At least in one sense. Toddlers are often asking "why?" and are very inquisitive. Genealogists need to be asking the same thing.
To be honest, for a long time I didn’t really think it mattered. I got on well with the guys outside the formal meetings and I knew I was well-respected. I was managing the ‘green agenda’ and we were making big improvements as a team.
And what’s not to like? Usually run by enthusiastic volunteers – people who care about community cohesion and giving something back, rather than profits alone – they are a place where local residents can get together and eat a good meal, something not always that simple for many in the community.
So Te Bubas explains the birth of world to a shy young catling who has strayed into the feline spirit realm.​The catling listens, bewildered. He does not understand how he fits in to the land that she describes. He knows nothing about the proud and ancient felines who stalked the deserts of the world long before he was born. Yet Mati is the last prince in line to the Tygrine throne, a cat with extraordinary powers and more enemies than he can imagine, and his adventures are only just beginning.
Wyrobek AJ, Brodsky J, Gordon L, Moore DH II, Watchmaker G, Cohen EN. Sperm studies in anesthesiologists. Anesthesiology 1981; 55: 527-532.
Anyway we had breakfast/lunch at the cafe which was plastered with ornamented cash from prior diners. I found cash from multiple locations in South America as well as the expected US and Bahamian dollars. What fun. The food was "interesting." I ordered (for the experience) grits and tuna hoping for fresh fish. What I got was grits and a ball of tuna salad. I wouldn't especially recommend it. I should have ordered the fried plantains.
It measures 4 1/2"w x 4 1/2 " h
Let it sit in the pan for a few minutes before unmoulding - leave on a wire rack to cool completely.
The way forward requires battles to be fought and won on many fronts. To break it down, these “battle fronts” maybe broadly classified into, what I refer to as, SmartIT Initiatives. These are discussed below, but not listed in an order of priority, and for a reason.
The doctor I saw in the Bank Medi Centre did a fair amount of checking her references, and qave me a prescription for Effexor, or Venlafaxine. She was thorough in calculating comparative doses. The prescription given will be a slight reduction, but less than dropping from 150mq to 100mq of Pristiq.
I really enjoyed participating in the Foodies Reading Challenge and Wondrous Word Wednesdays memes this year. I've learnt so much from these activites, and made new online friends. I look forward to continuing both next year.
For Uncle Beau to come for a visit and hopefully take Joe to Bells beach to watch the surf comp
Inner Dialogue: You must have gained ten pounds over night. oh My God I have to exercise. I have to get out of my skin.
We celebrated our wedding anniversary on Valentine’s Day. We went out to dinner, ate a delicious meal and enjoyed a quiet evening. Our daughter sent us a beautiful arrangement, which was so thoughtful, unexpected and certainly filled our day with extra love and warm hearts.
A step towards the explanation of this opposition of affect-attachment between conservatives and radicals is to be found in Ray, 1972d. It is there suggested that childhood experience of inter-personal aggression may carry over to assumptions in adult life about the greater or lesser probability of international aggression.
Abbott’s charges are backed up by BP internal e-mails. In 2008, BP manager Barry Duff wrote that the lack of approved drawings could result in “catastrophic operator errors,” and “currently there are hundreds if not thousands of Subsea documents that have never been finalized.”
One of my goals for 2012 was to be a more consistent blogger - so far major fail!! I'm sure I'll get around to blogging about Christmas when Spring rolls around. I give props to those who do it daily or close to daily. It's hard, I always think of things I want to blog about but after sitting in front of the computer all day I don't feel like sitting in front of one all night. I do most of my nightly web surfing on my phone. Maybe I need an iPad! It would be so much lighter than my clunky laptop. Maybe if I told AB it would help me meet my goals he'll get on board. Ha! A girl can dream! The other problem is I've been relishing in the fact I no longer have to study by perfecting the art of doing absolutely nothing! And let me tell you, doing nothing feels great!
Denise: I don’t write under a pseudonym. I considered it, but I figured with the Internet being what it is, someone would find the real me anyway.
Il Liberty a Milano: a sinistra Casa Campanini (notare le ragnatele sul balcone) e a destra Casa Mazzocchi
So you see, even though almost all of the advertising in the world is shit, you really have no one to blame but yourself.
Before I get onto this fortnights challenge I would like to introduce our
You get the idea, I hope. No one is out there that is putting the time and effort (without the funding) saying that they can be the best driver in the world (and can back up the claims, if given the chance)…there’s a reason for this. I know it’s true !
I’ve heard many people lauding President Obama’s statement about the death of Trayvon Martin, I didn’t. I saw it as another politician turning a tragic event into a political diversion. In one part of the president’s statement he personalized the young man’s death by saying, that if he had a son he would like Trayvon, but was those words uttered when Oscar Grant was murdered or the murders of millions across the country? No. Obama also knows that this type of propaganda will benefit his campaign in scoring brownie points.
never holding back
Another ‘Palestinian’ lie exposed How Many Rockets Have Terrorist Groups Claimed To Have Fired Since Friday? Pipes: Mass Muslim migration moving to Israel Overnight music video 16-Mar-12: The surreality of terrorist warfare Aren’t you glad we dumped Mubarak? Aren’t you glad we gave Egypt the Sinai?
Okay for weeks now, we've been waiting on the Chimpanzee movie by DisneyNature. Lucky us in PR, movies premiere on Thursdays! And because it was Drama Mama's 9th (ack!) birthday, we went to the first showing!
When Lori saw him she was just as shocked as me. She beamed, too. But she had reason to. Lori would never doubt Roman. I'm still kicking myself.
The crew at Old World Brewery still has their work clothes on and they’ve wrangled a distributor to begin making their beers available to a larger audience. That’s great, right? Well, sure, but what do you put that beer in? Short of a canning or bottling system, you’ve got to keg that delicious brew for shipping to the mass market. Problem is, there seems to be a shortage of kegs – “cooperage” to quote Old World principal Perry Parmely. I guess every crack addled ne’er do well in the greater Phoenix area is snagging unguarded kegs and cashing them in at the scrap yards for their value in stainless steel. (About 45 bucks according to Perry.) Remember the days when people stole kegs to make gas tanks for their hot rods? Remember when people stole milk crates to hold their long-playing record albums? Remember when people knew what “LSMFT” meant? Geez, I’m becoming a living relic!
"Daniel," she said warmly, hugging Sam's father. "I'm so glad you're here. I knew you'd put them first." She touched Abby's chin. "Ta, a beautiful young lady you are. You're so like your father." She reached out and embraced Sam. "And this is Samantha. Girls, I am the Baba Yaga." She smiled again, revealing crooked yellow teeth, one missing from the front.
Today I had time and light to photograph my busy daughter wearing my hoops. She was so funny and got tickled just standing there. We ended up having a laughing fit on the back porch..over nothing. It was wonderful.
“If the door doesn’t close properly, or if the headlights are poor, the body is rusted, or the engine smokes then don’t pass the vehicle na. Let the driver get it fixed before allowing it back on the road,” he continued. “Even I would love to have a Skoda instead of driving this one. But where is the money. To go for a new vehicle now will cost a lot of money and most drivers can’t afford to feed their family well.”
Here is a close-up of the heart before hand.
De es Schwertberger had kindly invited all the artists to his studio. So off we went on the Vienna tube, his studio was truly impressive. Extremely large, open and full of light and work. I asked him how long he had worked in this amazing space, he told me he had been there for 20 years! The conversations that had started at the conference carried on with everyone sat inside a ring of De es Planetarians (over life sized sculptures). Many of the local artists were there and I could see there was a really strong community at work in Vienna. It felt nice to be socialising with such an international bunch of artists.
Add the rice, and stir, till the rice is coated with the oil, spices and onions.
“Do what you can, with what you have, where you are.” (Theodore Roosevelt)
Regular readers (and Twitter followers) will know that I suffer with very dry and cracked lips. And nothing looks good on dry. flaky lips.
I wonder if I will manage a "lie-in" in the morning? I somehow doubt it!!
Back? Great, here goes:
It is claimed that more than 8,000 cows were abducted by UFOs before they were mutilated and thrown back down to earth over the southern United States during the 1970s. The memo is one of thousands of previously unreleased classified files that the bureau has made public in a new online resource called The Vault.
Joe Stampley- Soul Song
5. You reach your last day understanding that you missed the opportunity to catch a glimpse of mastery because you bough into the lie that you had to be resigned to mediocrity.
I’d worked for all my life,
I have posted many dishes using Tau kan which is a wet type of bean curd sheet that many vegetarian ingredients vendor have in stock. It is normally kept frozen because the quality would deteriorate rapidly if kept at room temperature and mould would form in not time at all. Tau kan by itself is actually tasteless but it soak up gravies and flavours quite well.
Even with husbands and kids
Nancy Carole Farley, 45, Jersey City, N.J.
So right now I am in my skunk or badger stage... a white strip, slowly broadening... I did not rinse, highlight, or bleach to mask or camouflage the process.... and I am growing grey.
Conan’s wonderful, neo-existential, very pagan prayer before the confrontation with Thulsa Doom and his goons:
Avalanche pours deep amber with golden tones that leaves quickly dissipating foam. Smell is light of sweet malt with a hint of fruity notes and little hops. Taste is subdued with nice toasted grain, quite smooth and somewhat light with a slight hop tinge. Nice mouthfeel with a sticky sweet coat and is medium bodied. At right around 5% Alcohol By Volume, Avalanche makes a great session beer. A session beer is typically deemed as being around 5% ABV, featuring a balance of both the hops and grain with a clean finish to allow the drinker to enjoy more brews in a reasonable amount of time. Session beers don’t have to lack flavor – Avalanche is recommended.
Oh if your wondering about Calvin ... he is still alive too and has been musically busy ! haha ... i believe he has just done a blog post ... go check it out ... theres a strange woman on there playing a ukulele ... don't know who she is mind but she could have at least done her hair and had some makeup on ! lol ...
Under Obama, the United States has more drone capacity. However, the U.S. has only 7,000 aerial drones in its arsenal, and considering there are about 1.57 billion Muslims in the world, that is not nearly enough. Why hasn’t Obama ordered more. It’s because he’s coddling the enemy.
We talked about how it isn’t important what everyone else is doing, it is about doing our best no matter what. He did better at doing his best at the second one, but again the excuses or blaming (I’m sure not having a snow cone did affect his performance, SHEEESH).
While the Cake is Baking, Make the Glaze
Vrijheid M, Dolk H, Armstrong B, Abramsky L, Bianchi F, Fazarinc I, et al. Chromosomal congenital anomalies and residence near hazardous waste landfill sites. Lancet 2002; 359: 320-322.
Ever cheer at the end of a movie? Every hug a book you just finished reading? Ever write an author to say, “This book changed me/my life?”
Last summer, I was hired to cook for a family. One day a week, I'd cook 7-10 dishes, mostly entrees. The family loved braises and I ended up cooking two, sometimes three braised dishes every week. I began to notice patterns. Instead of following recipes by rote, I paid attention to nuances. How does the final outcome change when I use stock vs. beer or wine? What's the difference between braising on top of the stove, vs. braising in the oven? This recipe calls for a 2 1/2 hour cooking time, this recipe calls for 4 hours. Why? Week after week, I honed my skills.
ENTER TO WIN THE ENTIRE GALAHAD SERIES!
Imagine my disappointment when I learned there’s already an organization called “Free the Girls”. They, too, are collecting used bras, but instead of simply burning the bras, they’re sending the used bras overseas in order to free—get this—not boobies, but actual girls.
I think it takes a lot of effort to look effortless, though.
Hello? Moms Eye? (she was crying)
* There's no limit as to how long (but try and be reasonable please)
In the event of an attack from the United States and Israel, Iran will be aided be some very strong backers, along with the whole Islamic world. This is incredibly frightening, because it seems that if war were to break out, it would not be limited to Iranian borders. As we have seen in human history, civilians have always been the ones who suffer the most. And all the while, leaders are planning how to command the war. It is clear that Obama and his key advisors are war criminals, but even then, will much happen? Like George W. Bush, they should be charged with war crimes for the threats against Iran. However, will justice prevail? The mainstream media has made such allegations a taboo, but they are the ones who need to be heard publicly, in order to bring justice to the victims of war.
4. Next we went 2 inches lower and dipped the bottom 4 inches in the medium pink, then squeezed it out over the sink.
Q Thank you, Mr. President. You keep talking about balance, shared sacrifice, but in the $4 trillion deal that you’re talking about roughly, it seems to be now at about four-to-one spending to taxes; we’re talking about $800 billion in taxes, roughly. That doesn’t seem very fair to some Democrats. I’m wondering if you could clarify why we’re at that level. And also, if you could clarify your Social Security position — would any of the money from Social Security, even from just Chained CPI, go toward the deficit as opposed to back into the trust fund?
Meanwhile, crony capitalism - birthed by the creation of the Federal Reserve and exploited by career politicians and their financial counterparts- made significant inroads over the last few decades, exacerbating pre-existing societal divides. A “perfect storm” is now brewing.
Love 'em. Eat 'em for dinner sometimes. The Geej likes them too.
Children understand this as well. When I asked several classes of third graders what an author needs to write a good sequel, it became clear that they understood the importance of a little change grounded by a lot of consistency.
Chances are the only thing it might change may be the way others in society respond to and understand your children.
It's frustrating trying to save a nation.
What do you think false teachers teach? What is so savage about these wolves? What do they preach that threatens the flock so greatly??
Sources at Virgin Atlantic confirmed the launch date to Australian Business Traveller, with April 21st tied to the debut of Virgin Atlantic’s newest Airbus A330.
Started the day off with a trip to the library yesterday. They have a summer reading club for adults, too, which brought me back to my childhood. I love love the library. Socrates said something about libraries being the delivery room for the birth of ideas.
Now this is the honeymoon part of marriage. Place the logs on the steamer in the shallow pan and add a little water on the bottom. Cover the lid. You are going to give them a nice steam bath for their honeymoon. Just about 10 minutes on medium heat.
They’ll just have to buck up and hire Americans, pay them (at least) minimum wage, and pass the cost onto us. Yeah, the price of peaches will jump to $6 a pound, but we’ve been paying the real cost all along, only not at the checkout counter. And what we’ll get for that $6 is nothing to sneeze at: unemployment in Georgia goes down, bigger paychecks spread the wealth around, and the State’s social services will be relieved of the departed illegal workers. If that all seems too draconian to you, then pass a goddamn bill naturalizing the illegals who are currently dragging down wages.
Google Play has been gaining ground of late, and you can now access over 450,000 apps (some of them free, some costing money) to use on the Acer A200.
Eyes on the task. Taslin showed no sign of slowing to wait for him, and Dora was close on her heels. He pushed forward, watching the light, holding his Clearsight just that second ahead of him against the ache between his eyes. It was like leaning heavily on a spring, pressed into his forehead.
This last one reminds me of ponies playing. I have to stop collecting fabric and get busy sewing! But.....I have always been a fabric collector. When I was making quilts I really collected fabric and still have many, many yards of fabric waiting to be turned into something.
On eBay today I saw a Hardy waistcoat magnifying glass sell for £64, a Hardy waistcoat Dry Fly Oil glass bottle for £445, a Hardy LRH Lightweight reel changed hands for £153 and a Hardy Princess reel for £125. The name Hardy of Alnwick is commanding good prices it seems, especially for rare items.
In his book “The City Of God,” he says: “There is a sanctuary of conscience inside every person that is protected from political control, and that kings and emperors, however grand, cannot usurp authority that rightly belongs to God.” In our society, that statement is equally true when applied to congressmen, senators and presidents.
Cabin comes with 1 full-size bed and one bunk (twin on top and full on bottom), small table w/4 chairs, mini fridge, heater, stove/oven combo, electricity, one rug, trash can, broom, and lighting. You will need to provide sheets, blankets, and pillows. Our cabin was big enough to place at 2 more cots on the floor and the beds are far enough off the ground that we could slide our suitcases underneath them.
I am only a short way into the book though, so perhaps all will be made clearer later on.
The easiest way to tell over the course of the day: the color of your urine. Yup, how dark is your pee? By mid-day you should already be running clear, and it should stay relatively light in color for the rest of the day. At lunch time, when you go pee, if it’s really dark use that as your reminder to go drink some water… or if by lunch you haven’t peed all morning that’s because you haven’t been drinking and you should! (GO DO IT!)
Travel in the late 18th and early 19th Centuries was slow and rugged, and campaign furniture was designed specifically to be folded and packed into manageable loads that could be quickly and easily stowed in the close quarters of a ship or for being carried by porters and animals on overland trips in foreign lands.
we crack our eggs
The British activists are less drawn to the anti-tax, anti-big-government Tea Party message and more attracted to elements taking an active stance against the spread of Islam, like Rabbi Nachum Shifren, a long-shot Republican candidate for the California state legislature who plans to visit England next week in a trip sponsored in part by the English Defence League.
Wounds to understanding…
The evening ended to the gorgeous strains of a string quartet that played beautiful blissfilled music that was the perfect melodic icing on a beautiful, beer filled cake.
“Besides, it may give me a chance to reflect on what I have done so far…” she thougth to herself. As much as she hated to admit it, Lakosha and the other elders were right to be concerned about her. The crash had effected her more ddeply than she had realised, and this time away would give her a chance to reflect on it.
Gosh... I read a ton of fashion/fashion-art magazines a month. Foreign and domestic. At the start of each month, usually around the 5th, I have about 12 magazines I have to truck down to the basement of my building for recycling.
9. Will my child fall flat, or fall short, if I don't push/encourage/expect?
I’m torn with my review of this one. I know a lot of people loved this book. As a reader, I struggle with non-linear stories as well as books with fantastical elements and this book was both. It really did come together for me in the last 125 pages, so I can get the book’s appeal, and it truly was unique. If you’re on the fence about reading it, I suggest giving yourself some time with it, and decide for yourself.
The sailor softball team played the Midview Middies yesterday in West Shore Conference action. After an awesome weekend of competition and defeating a powerful Garfield Heights Team at the Prebis Invitational, the sailors were primed and ready for a rematch against the league leading MIddies. Midview broke a 0-0 tie in the bottom of the 4th with two runs off the sailor defense and pitcher Jessica Tucker. In the top of the 6th speedsters, Kate-Lynn Urgo and AuBree LaForce started things off putting pressure on the mIddie defense with their short game technique. A perfectly laid push bunt by LaForce caused a wild throw to first which scored Urgo, who earlier had slapped her way on for a single. Catcher Leigh Stainbrook blasted a double to the fence to score Urgo. The sailors hung tough until the bottom of the 6th when the Middie’s 7th batter in the order drilled a bases loaded two out triple down the left field line that narrowly passed by Sidney Virgin’s outstretched glove. Midview’s pitcher Kimmie Stone shut the sailors down in the 7th 1-2-3 to seal the win. The sailors record stands at 12-8 and 6-4 in the West Shore Conference.
It is by design that Katniss was rescued from the arena in the cruel and haunting Quarter Quell, and it is by design that she has long been part of the revolution without knowing it. District 13 has come out of the shadows and is plotting to overthrow the Capitol. Everyone, it seems, has had a hand in the carefully laid plans -- except Katniss.
The first half of Final Destination 5 is the hardest to watch of all the films. A gymnastic set, an acupuncturist and laser eye surgery set the stage for some truly grisly scenes of carnage. Anyone who's ever stood on a pin or upturned plug will sympathise. The eyeball squeamish (like myself) will not enjoy the laser eye bit (which actually ends up like a replay of the Final Destination 2 dentist sequence). Next to the elaborate set-pieces come the more throwaway surprise deaths. Both really work, despite an over-reliance on wet plug sockets and bad CGI gore.
There are pirates and Haunted Mansion hosts and hostesses, Riverboat Captains, Big Thunder miners, canoe explorers and even jungle skippers that actually look the part.
You've seen this dress before, all wrapped up in tights and boots, and it is still one of my favorites. The star print on it makes me want to read a book about astronomy, or at least a Kurt Vonnegut book about space travel...it also makes me want to twirl about, but that's another story.
John E. Brown
Love 'n 'Hugs Laurie xx
During this past week I linked this article with a bunch of others under the heading called Prison Planet Posts.However, with the news constantly hammering the Secret Service and the Government Services Administration (who employs about 12000 federal workers and has an annual operating budget of roughly $26 billion mostly wasted dollars, overseeing $66 billion of government owned property....much of it lying vacant or unused for many years) about their antics this article kept coming back into my mind. I decided this one was too good to be a part of a pack. This one deserves to stand alone. Two more points. If the 16th amendment didn't exist could this situation exist? If the 17th amendment was repealed would this change? Oh...by the way. I deliberately didn't attach a link to either of these amendments. This is a wonderful opportunity for enlightenment.
Mommy: “Do you know why we say a blessing before we eat?”
2. Made of Stone
Papa backs up to the colorful butterflies. Helen is a visual child and the rainbow swarm has her attention as they flutter hither and tither, back and yon, and swirl up so. She's loving it. Until the bad butterflies are unleashed from where seems to be the depths of the earth? Now here, maybe in the name of research, I should pause typing and go take a second look at the segment. I've seen Fantasia before, but Hel was never 10-times-a day obsessed like with Annie. I barely grew up with TV (plus ours was black and white), and we certainly did not have a VCR for viewing Disney or anything else. Anyhow, these black and red butterflies swarm and launch an attack on their colorful, fun-loving friends and Helen curls into her father's body at their wrath. "Daddy," she says, "I don't like the bad butterflies."
I went walking earlier and I have been drinking my water. Today is a good diet day! I had a bowl of cereal for dinner, fiber one!! Nom nom… I needed a way to incorporate fiber into my diet so why not eat something with fiber in the title. With milk it is only 200 calories for 1 serving. My goal is usually to stay at or around 500 calories per meal so I can eat 2 servings and still not make the 500 woot woot. Cereal is great for when I am being lazy.
It all started in 1997 when Glamour columnist, Pam Satran, realized that there was really no list for women (unless you count The Good Wife Guide). Satran decided to sit down at her computer and write ”Thirty Thing Every Woman Should Have and Should Know by the Time She’s 30.” Immediately the list and it’s popularity soared being published in Glamour and shared through chain e-mails. The list was something that every woman no matter her age could relate to, they felt it was made for them. Over the past decade it has been read by millions, stitched into quilts and even taught in classrooms, according the the editors at Glamour.
Every parent in California, wishing to get a philosophical exemption will have to pay in order to receive one, because seeing a doctor there is not free, even for something that is mandatory.(this bill makes it mandatory to see a doctor in order to sign) Since it is being estimated by health care professionals that more people are getting exemptions and “putting people at risk” than it surely must be a lot of people right? All those people now having to pay for an exemption really adds up. Not only do they have to pay now but if their child is young, then they have to pay AGAIN when that child reaches grade 7. Next they’ll put in place a new bill making them return for another exemption for high school and it could go on like this. It’s obvious why they are doing this and it’s a very simple reasoning. Doctors are losing money and fast. Many people do not realize how many well baby appointments are recommended, all occurring when a vaccination is due. Not only are they paid for the visit but they make money on each vaccine given as well. If more people are not getting vaccinated and therefore not needing to go for well baby visits, then doctors are not receiving that money anymore. This new bill will ensure that, that money lost is partially made up, while also hoping that parents will crumble and give in to vaccines.
I miss her impassioned voice when she prayed to Jesus, whom she loved more than anything or anyone. I miss hearing her cheerful voice and laughter and seeing her make strangers into friends at the grocery, the bank, restaurants and even at the door of her apartment, inviting the pizza delivery boy to church.
The hotel was designed in the Romanesque Revival style that had been popularized by Louisiana-born Boston architect H. H. Richardson. Hallmarks of the style include heavy, rough-finished stonework, squat columns, and broad, low, and massive archways.
The divide: 83% of consumers say “a disability could happen to anyone at any time.” Only 35% of advisors thought consumers would agree with this statement.
Below is the BW version created with Snapseed. Their BW engine seems much improved after the last update.
The examiner issued a final office action that contained an avalanche of rejections - all told, 2,546 separate rejections were made of Hyatt's 117 claims. Hyatt appealed, and the BPAI reversed 93% of the rejections, but maintained rejections directed to written description, noting that "merely pointing to the occurrence of isolated words in the specification . . . did not adequately establish that the specification contained written description for the particular combination of elements that made up each limitation."
Turns out wearing high heels meant different things to different people all throughout the span of its history.
I really hope that this is just a rumor and is not going to turn into reality. If so the world of gaming will never be the same. It would finally show that it is all about the money, not about the gamer.
Well it certainly has been for me this week...
*** 3 Stars for the welcoming, book sale / warehouse feel and wonderful old book smell.
PS: I’m starting to have nightmares of the original Default/Kubrick WordPress Theme, so please fix this.
Now I wasn't sure of this, Quiet Riot?
And I didn't.
Expediency asks the question, “Is it politic?”
“Also true.”
Turn up the music, if they try to turn us down
anyways, this year, i'm re-instituting some past goals regarding menu planning.
and i'm not sure if the zipper is going to stay or go.
6. Norwegian Wood (This Bird Has Flown) — John absolute owned Rubber Soul. Macca was solid on that album, but John simply dominated. NW is one of the best pop songs of all time George’s sitar make it a groundbreaker. Paul and John’s vocals are top notch and the subject matter is quite funny.
I had heard at one of the DC Media Makers events that Livestream is better than UStream, so I though I’d try it out. I asked what criteria were used to determine which was “better,” however I don’t remember exactly what those criteria were. I think reliability was the main criterion.
Favorite number: 5
learn on your own ladies. We charge $7/bird and you get everything back.
Thanks for taking a peek! I am counting down the days until school is out. I am now under double digits, so it's not long!
which the limits of gender and physical identity are transcended?
Moving on-wards and upwards, now there are set target areas to work on and this ‘working’ implies a stretching yourself from what you are now….yes the comfort zone devil has its presence in all of us. ?The idea was to consciously stretching the comfort zone and reflecting on it at every point with – what……so what…..now what?
until the mixture thickens, 3 to 5 minutes.
This week there were endless challenges of Tag making. So here is my lot. I used the following Cricut cartridges to make these..
There is also much debate over the meaning of the word “Smurf”. Some people believe that Smurf is actually an acronym that stands for “Socialist Men Under Red Father” or “Soviet Men Under Red Father”. However, the origin of the phrase has literally been lost in translation and morphed over time. Peyo, the original cartoonist, was eating lunch one day with a friend when he forgot the word salt and instead asked for the “schtroumpf“, and said when he was done “schtroumpfing” he would return the “ schtroumpf”. This french phrase was later translated into English as the word “smurf” that we are familiar with today, and is used through out the cartoon to replace different nouns and verbs, such as “this flower smurfs delicious” or “there are too many smurfs in my pocket”.
And thats just the tip of the iceberg! SHEESH! The only movie in that list I'll stand behind is Zoolander, though I have not seen Return Of The Living Dead 5: Rave To The Grave which I must say intrigues me. I guess Blade II is OKAY.
That is true to each merchandise and services. As an entrepreneur, you only need to earn a living and as much as attainable, you want to steer clear of enterprise loss. Sell only the issues that the market demands.
- Habana Outpost (757 Fulton Street): C, 35 violation points
Mo -- So sorry about the insomnia.
“The “Illuminati”, really, is merely a convenient term to refer to those individuals and secret organizations who continue to pursue the same goals in our time. In actuality, the order’s existence began long before the eighteenth century. The truth is it began in Babylon, in the sixth century BC, with the advent of the Jewish heresy of the Kabbalah.”
Row 1: Cast on 1 stitch, knit to the end of the row. (5 stitches)
Riedel Communications will unveil the company’s latest products in high quality video processing and fiber-based real-time networks for video, audio, communication and data signal transport.
I am also posting my short shorty below for your enjoyment, put please in order to get the full effect hop over to Ozlem too see what other people wrote and then come back and let me know what you think. It's really cool!
However, as indicated by Von Engel's message, DCP staff themselves were concerned in 2009.
Boy! it flew by!!
09/14/2011 SELL 0.01 usdmxn 12.9929 09/15/2011 12.8712 +9.69
It has been a long time since I last cooked this dish. I like to cook Chinese chives flowers with a little starchy gravy just like the way I fry kailan or broccoli.
08. Here Comes The Weekend
How do you receive your daily news? Are you helping to make news?
Malt: 85% Pale 2-row, 10% Vienna, 5% malted white wheat
I know that I've been a bad bad blogger and haven't checked in with you in over two weeks. Apologies. I spent a week in NYC presenting my new collection to over 250 magazine editors and stylists at Red Light PR's Press Preview then I spent a week following up with them. That didn't leave much time in the day for too much else. Here are some pics from the trip:
-Top 5 in using SEO:
John Moses Smith s/o William Moses & Prudence Bonner
- 2 gas giant planets (Jupiter and Saturn)
When I responded to his initial contact I also ran across the name of an old roommate of mine from my college days, so I sent a message to see if it was the same guy. As it turns out, it was! He responded with a long message saying how he’d tried to find me and filled me in a little on what’s been going on in his life as well. Damn, I found 2 long lost best buddies within a 24 hour period! What can be better than that?
Right now my favorite breakfast is a large fruit salad drizzled with chlorella cream, some raw granola for crunch and maybe some nut milk if I have any on hand (speaking of which, the nut milk video is coming soon!!!). Be careful, this combo is crazy-addictive!
So there you have it a fun filled way to enjoy flying a plane exactly like it would be in real life is with the best RC flying simulator.
Are introduced in rhyme.
Several former partners of mine have taken it upon themselves, after some time, to break the ice and display their bodily functions in front of me, then in time step things up a little bit more and start making a comedic ‘song and dance’ of their functions, playing jokes on me (and vice versa); it is one thing that I think is missing in a relationship; the ability to have a really good sense of humour. Take one simple thing like the Dutch Oven* for example. How many of us have been on the receiving end of the Dutch Oven from a partner who is not shy about their bodily functions in the bed? Plenty of us. And admittedly we’re disgusted right? But it is not something we would end a relationship for, we have to keep a good sense or humour (and keep our head held high… outside of the duvet).
The other day, I had a talk with a good friend of mine. We talked about a lot of different things, including writing. She asked me how my blog was going, and I told her the truth: That it pretty much wasn’t. That I write more on Hectic November than I do here.
Are somewhere just being their own
I often wonder what the apostle meant when he wrote in Philippians 3:13, “Brethren, I count not myself to have apprehended; but this one thing I do, forgetting those things which are behind, and reaching forth unto those things which are before, I press toward the mark for the prize of the high calling of God in Christ Jesus.”
I’ve noticed lately that maybe these barriers I have put up aren’t such a good thing anymore. I’ve been blocking people out and keeping people away so long that I don’t know how not to. I try to open up and really talk about things, but I feel like I can’t. I don’t know how to talk about anything serious, whether it’s about myself or not.
But I didn't start actually reading 2000AD until a few years later, fool that I was.The first issue I ever read was Prog 210 in 1981, when I was 10 years old. My brother John had talked our parents into getting it, bless him. I remember being wowed by the Brian Bolland cover: Dredd snarling "Freeze!" to a perp half-frozen in liquid nitrogen. And the back cover was a Mean Arena pin-up by Steve Dillon. I loved it so much I cut it off and stuck it on my bedroom wall... 'til my big brother made me sellotape it back onto the prog! We should have bought two copies...
I am taking a break after the A to Z. (Except for the A to Z reflections post and a blogfest) *gasp* *wheeze* I'm gonna hunker down and get some serious writing and editing done. I'll be back on Friday, May 19th with another Perfect Picture Book Friday post, y'all.
Well it's day 3 of the gorgeous line of Tickled Pink Christmas images available September 12th and aren't you glad these images are coming out early? What a great idea!!
Richard Ebright, a molecular biologist at Rutgers University, said he’s less concerned about publication of the papers than the fact that the federal government funded the research in the first place. "This is work that creates new biological threats," he said. "These viruses are dangerous and the ones that will come later (with further research) will be more dangerous."
Leigh’s experience also concludes on an up note:
And indeed it has disappeared - the pass and the row of shops beside were destroyed by fire on 17 February 2011, thus opening up a valuable (ripe for development) gap site between London Rd and Gallowgate. the cause of the fire (as of 8 March 2011) is unknown, but such fires are not uncommon in Glasgow and are routinely described as 'mysterious'.
She stares
“Lend me the underwear you’ve taken off”
Absalom
see all the new babies. And this year we had 8 or 9
Entrees
Huber Gruner Veltliner- I think if there was one wine on the table that night that really blew everyone away it would have to be this young, delicious Gruner. It was like sipping fresh pear nectar. Light, but with a pleasing crispness, it was refreshing and heady. I could have sipped glass after glass and probably not known anything was going on until I stood up; it was that kind of wine. It will be a fun one to check back into after a year or two in the bottle.
For 2012, a lot of the USA’s growth looks to come from large scale solar projects. For example, National Solar Power are building their 3rd PV project in Florida – a gigantic solar farm of 100MW. During the President’s State of the Union address at the end of January, he announced that federal land would be used for solar development – the Department of Interior have proposed Solar Energy Zones across the south west states. This move has widely been supported, both from within the solar industry and from environmental advocates around the world.
In the late 1980, the Teen Idles were coming to the end of their run. They decided to record and self-release some of their material, figuring no one else would do it. It is important to note that at this time, putting out your own record was virtually unthinkable. They'de been disappointed with their two previous studio sessions, and had no idea how to get a record out. TThankfully, Skipp Groff, owner of a record store in Rockville, Maryland called Yesterday and Today, an early supporter of the scene, was getting some local bands exposure on his label, Limp Records. Skip gave advice on recording and pressing records. His role in helping the Teen Idles is no small detail and should not be overlooked. Skip produced the first two Dischord releases and mixed the third.
Oct 9 - On The Rocks - Little Rock, AR
Link to your blog post and not your blog to make it easier for the DT to visit.
Sigh. The silence. It’s not that pretty much a good thing, I guess.
Revelation 13 states that the False Prophet will force people to get a special (visible) mark on their right hand or on their forehead. Although the mark will enable a person to conduct transactions, a person could get by with having beast’s number or the name of the beast (verse 17).
Couldn't have put it better myself.
First, I got a choker and earring set. This is in silver, which I love, and each earring and the choker has little bells (the kind with two halves like an open shell, and no clapper) along the bottom which tinkle pleasantly.
DDDB has raised a significant amount of money with volunteers and relatively low-paid consultants. For example, Hunley-Adossa's $51,447 compensation at BEE, a job for which she has had little public presence (other than running rallies for Forest City Ratner), is larger than the annual sum DDDB has spent on consultants--and BEE, in contrast to DDDB, has spent little on program services.
Meal Time was the only one that I used the shadow feature for, I think the other ones stood out enough on their own.
To help you enjoy the holiday as much as I plan to, here are some of my favorite mexican recipes. All these are also frequently enjoyed at our tailgating events!
vioulet it is very light
Here's the card
All the while she was honing and improving the act. Wardrobe was an important part of her professional tool kit from the get-go. “In show business,” she once said, “clothes matter.” It would only become moreso later when she dropped blackface and started to put on even more weight.
But how do I keep a steady supply of blog posts that are interesting?
Acting wise we get some decent performances with Amber Lewis being the gem of the three. Her performance is layered, and at first seems to be a little cliché, but eventually evolves into probably my favourite character of the three. She is kind and understanding even when she’s worried as all hell and has a bad feeling about the whole trip. Richard Olak is fine in some scenes, normally the mellower ones, but when he gets angry I sometimes had problems believing he was actually angry. Finally Scatergood was also fine as Simon and in his more talkative scenes he really does show a great spread of emotions, however the stronger elements of the character come through with the visuals we see and so these fascinating and creepy character traits are thanks to Schelenz more that Scartergood.
The last time I met with Hania Stromberg at my office, this august entity visited with us. Yes, that’s what I’m saying– Jesus, in my office, speaking quite casually with us, as if it were the most ordinary occurrence. I knew that he had come in, but I didn’t recognize him. From my point of view, there was a distinctly male being sitting at my right elbow, but he seemed like a typical human person, not particularly “large” or powerful. A kind and loving presence, but small in scale, similar to any of us. Hania had some questions for this man, and he and I chatted comfortably as I tried to bring in the answers. I found myself adding my own two cents, explaining what I was hearing and perhaps strengthening it a little, because I felt that the ideas were helpful. Had I realized who he was (or purported to be), I would very possibly have clammed up and found it impossible to have this easy communication, let alone to dare to add any thoughts of my own.
Short, accessible, and nearly the same price as a movie ticket, this new poetry collection is a perfect treat for Coen’s legions of fans.
Say from one simple life to another
Stephen Fry in America
IF YOU have been wondering why the USACE webpages detailing water flows on the White, Norfork and other tailwaters has been down _ well now we have the answer.
No one really minds when an extremist makes it to the local council, or as a one-term MP during an unpopular parliament. Their ability to influence events is minor; there are always other councillors or MP’s to provide a firewall.
So which batch have I enjoyed the most? Well I'm the first to hold my hand up and say I've not had all of them but I've had enough to know that my favourite so far is the IPA made with S.C.C.A.NS. to the uninitiated that's the Simcoe, Citra, Columbus, Apollo and Nelson Sauvin hops that were used in the making of this mmasterpiece.
Well, I lost my job....... Before you feel sorry for me I would like to say that it was time. It's time for me to move on. To know thyself....it's one of the most important things isn't it? I didn't know myself when I chose this field....or perhaps it was that I didn't accept myself for who I was. Being in this field was like trying to fit a square peg into a round hole. Just isn't gonna happen. If you do finally force it in, it is damaged and broken in the process. It is time for me to move on before this happens to me.
Jesus Cabezas, 66, New York, N.Y.
It does not know heartache.
“The Fourth Geneva Convention (FGC) is a treaty between signatory states that are called High Contracting Parties (HCP). It regulates the obligations of one HCP who occupies the land of another HCP. It defines the terms “Occupying Power” and “Occupied State”. Thus this convention does not apply to the territories because they were not the land of any HCP. They have never been the land of an HCP. Prior to 1967, Jordon was in occupation of these territories, just as Israel is currently in occupation. Jordanian sovereignty over these lands was never recognized and ultimately Jordan relinquished any claims she claimed to have over these lands. The FGC was never applied when Jordan occupied the land and it shouldn’t be applied now that Israel does.”
3. My mother taught me about TIME TRAVEL.
ON THE BLUE COMET, by Rosemary Wells, ill. by Bagram Ibatoulline (Candlewick 2010)(ages 8-12). In this young middle grade novel, eleven year old Oscar lives with his father in a small house in Cairo, Illinois. There, they've created a world of their own: ten Lionel trains, including the Blue Comet.
Bangkok’s first luxury destination spa, the Sukhothai, offers a wickedly indulgent “Five Elements Cleanse and Purifying Ritual,” in which Tibetan and traditional Chinese medicine mingle with ginseng and lotus blossom. The treatment begins with a pebble and herb foot wash that evolves into a water-chestnut body cleansing. The purifying sage, licorice and chrysanthemum bath mixture softens the water for total surrender. After I emerge, the therapist massages me with warm Tibetan oil and then wraps me in healing clay. The bed is broad, so there’s no chance of floundering limbs – such a buzz kill. The treatment finishes with an argan oil body moisturizing, which means you’re greasy and loving it.
Best Score Charles Chaplin, Modern Times (8 votes)
Also, I may need to segregate materials comprising trade secrets or commercial or financial information. I may withhold these materials under exemptions (c) and (g) to Section 7(26) of the Massachusetts General Laws. In view of the need for the above screening, the Massachusetts Public Records law, M.G.L. Ch. 66, §10 permits the University to estimate and assess the estimated costs of searching for the requested records or segregating exempt
I was a late bloomer in every other respect, but I guess my precocious breasts decided to lead the charge into adulthood. Whether I liked it or not (at that point, it was definitely not), I was going home with my new 34C bras, and reluctantly leaving the last shreds of my childhood behind in that dressing room.
newspaper. They published my name with each intent to foreclose. That meant
Actually, not that long at all. Witchfinder had a very smooth writing period. In fact, I wrote like a man possessed! Most of my books take about 9 months to complete, from first draft to final copyedit. This book just wanted to be written as quickly as possible. I loved the central idea, I was intrigued by the characters, the concepts, the possibilities. I’d wake up at 2am, fixated by a certain character or scenario, and would rush to my study and boot up the computer. I’d write until dawn, sleep a couple of hours, and be back at the PC as soon as I opened my eyes. This has really been the most pleasurable writing experience in my life, and I think that sense of pace and excitement comes over in the finished book.
- A critiquing service for a fee. The publishing world is changing, and reputable agents are more and more branching out into other areas--including the provision of various paid services (I'm planning a post on that in the near future). However, offering a paid service to a potential client is a conflict of interest--never a good thing--and if you're cold-call soliciting that client, it suggests that maybe shilling the paid service is your main objective.
Due to the immense success of this organization and in the spirit of “ideas worth spreading”, TEDx is a program of local, self-organized events that bring people together to share a TED-like experience. At a TEDx event, TEDTalks video and live speakers combine to spark deep discussion and connection in a small group. These local, self-organized events are branded TEDx, where “x” means independently organized TED event. The TED Conference provides general guidance for the TEDx program, but individual TEDx events are self-organized.
The old lady has served many purposes. She began, of course as the family home, my great grandparents, grandparents, great aunts and uncles, my father and his sister. My dad has lived his whole life, 90 years, on the farm. It is steeped in a memory that transcends experience. My memories are my father’s stories, an oral tradition infused in my bones and sinew, that catches my breath in my chest and makes it hard to swallow. I love this place of growing and leaving and returning and longing.
So upon asking my husband what his thought were, here are some things we came up with:
Lagman’s unflinching support for the Aquino-backed RH bill might have played a role in driving a wedge between him and Arroyo. In an interview with veteran journalist Raissa Robles, Lagman explained that his support for the bill will not wither just because of Aquino’s efforts to prosecute Arroyo, insisting that his RH advocacy and the issue surrounding Arroyo’s incarceration are not related.
The slides I use represent quite a lot of condensed information on best practice, and the dilemmas we work through are real-life problems that companies face every day.
I remember charities from my childhood such as CAFOD where we had little red collection boxes all year round. I remember the community cafe run by MIND and the charity shop run by Scope (under its former name).
A plunger now lives next to the toilet.
I found two lovely summer dresses here on Saturday, as well as a hand-painted candle-holder and like-new flannel Carhartt shirt. Total spent: $6.
Here I am sat at the PC feeling pretty chuffed with myself. Not only did I make it round in under 2:20 , I smashed my prediction of 2.17 and in fact completed the run in 2:12:45
Mexico always held a kind of fascination for me. So different in culture, and the heat and flavors of Mexican cooking rank it right up there on the top of the board for me. On my first visit across the border I can remember following a huge crowd milling toward the downtown area and commenting on what looked like a city of cardboard boxes on one side of the road. As it turned out later, in actual fact I wasn’t far off. Poverty was no stranger to the people there. Children, often not much more than three or four, hawked packs of Chicklets on the street corners, and some I suppose returned daily to that makeshift village without benefit of electricity or sanitation.
According to section 14 of the Act, the police must respond to Bersih’s notification within five days of receipt and following this, the assembly “shall” proceed. The new law does not expressly allow the police to reject the notification but says they can impose conditions and restrictions on the rally organisers, including on matters pertaining to the rally venue, time, date and others.
It’s not just fast food joints. All kinds of businesses are taking similar actions. A convenience store chain, Kum & Go, purchased a similar system from March Networks and described their experience with it in a whitepaper the company released. For a gas station, when someone fills up their tank but then drives off without paying, it’s a problem. But it could also be a managerial issue, too. How can you be sure that the person working the register didn’t take the money and then just say that a car drove off? According to Kum & Go, their surveillance system now allows them to see that latter process in action. “Well see the clerk pocket the money and hit the drive-off key,” a Kum & Go manager said. “We always knew this happened, but we could never prove it.”
Peel and slice the onion
What are they going to do? Form a pickpocketing gang? Forcing younger caterpillars to steal on their behalf? Making rival caterpillars leave the area or face their wrath?
By far, I had what I think is the best session in my naughtiest class. That is not really saying much considering that I was at a point where I was willing to wear a costume just to keep their attention. But today’s class was pleasant enough to inspire me. A day like this is all it takes to make me want to improve.
Lots of dogs chase cats. It’s also pretty normal for dogs to chase birds, and howl at squirrels as they scamper up a tree. Dogs also have a rather disgusting habit of rolling on dead things. I once caught my dog rolling on a dead, flattened, sun-dried snake. I believe rolling on snake jerky gives dogs the edge in snake hunting. Smelling like prey helps to sneak up on them.
Read the full debate below. The names of the participants (except my own) have been blocked to keep their identities confidential. Each colour represents a different person’s post(s).
What I ended up with was a really interesting flavoured ice cream, totally delicious! You get hints of lemon and basil, but together they almost taste a bit like spearmint! It was not a sweet ice cream but really refreshing, definitely for use as a palate cleanser, or a light after dinner treat. I think this would be fabulous as a sorbet, you could get alot more sharpness of lemon into the mix then (I was too worried about the mixture curdling - I wasn't keen on making cheese!).
My sincerest apologies for the radio silence in the last few weeks. I have been particularly busy trying progress on my master thesis and working with Rotaract.
What do I most desire?
SAY WHAT!!! Amman is like a zoo
beautiful strong colors we use in our clothing and candies and toys, I
Plus, it’s incredibly tender, but much less so today, three days later. I had to turn down three days of work this week because it wouldn’t have been possible for me to touch anything and not scream and bleed.
“Normally we aren't big fans of blending beers, but this one works,” said Saint Arnold Founder/Brewer Brock Wagner. “The hoppiness of Elissa IPA with the big malt and slightly higher alcohol of Christmas Ale makes a nice winter beer.”
with greater looks than prince charming.
Moving into mid game the role of the grav-tanks change assuming they are still up. Wave serpents have delivered their suicide cargo of banshee’s and fire prisms might have the prism cannon weapon destroyed.
Pop over to the challenge blog and take a look at the other DT cards (they're fabulous!) and don't forget to check whether you are our last fortnight's winner or one of our Top 3
"'Why-why do you always r-reduce my
It's happened twice now. The first time it was easy to tell, but the second time it took me a while to figure it out. The "conversation" went like this::
she later saw;
What made clear in my own life that this river was changing for the worse, that it was being killed, was when I no longer wanted to let its waters touch my body. While obviously bad in itself, there’s a larger picture here that must be looked at.
Night owl, or early bird?
Art! Architecture! Geography! Spatial skills! OK, fine. I just think it would be really fun to build St. Basil's Cathedral as a puzzle. I get that not everyone enjoys doing puzzles. If you are that person then please pass this along to me if someone gives it to you this Christmas.
So what happened? Did the woman vanish that night or the man and did the other return year after year to wander the medina looking for them? Or did they both vanish into the night aided and abetted by a mysterious third party, to start a life anew away from prying eyes? Did the past finally catch up with them or were they merely the victims of local villains? If you like your stories explained for you in the final chapter whilst the characters loll around in a cosy drawing room then think again. That was never going to happen here.
All you need is:
No one could save me but me.
Not too much to talk about in the movie world in the last week, but this weekend is sure to be a good one with the release of THE AVENGERS. (Yes, I'm one of those dorky comic book girls.) I can't wait to see some of my favorite heroes up on the big screen (can I get a whoop whoop for Thor and Iron Man?!) I've also been watching the new Spider-Man cartoon on TV and I can't get enough of that man (but more on that obsession later.) I've been meaning to watch the Captain America movie since it was first released in theaters, but every time I push play I fall asleep before the opening DVD menus are over. (Boo.) But I did squeeze in movies starring two awesome guys this week! What did you see?
I am really pleased with my performance. Can’t wait to see how it stacks up!
I think this was because for the first time in the journey of my book, after the intense revisions with my agent, I had gotten it to a point that I was really happy with it. It was done. Somebody bought it. All of the other times I had gone through revisions, I knew my story needed work.
You know, things like laughter and sunsets, lilacs and smiles. Things like parenthood and dogs and paint and rental carpet cleaners.
This works great for NiMH batteries.They’ll retain 9/10 of a full charge while stored in the fridge.At room temperature,there is a possibility that they’d keep only a fraction of that fraction.Alkaline batteries are a bit more controversial.Studies have shown that alkaline battery life is extended by only 5% if kept in the fridge.That’s not a whole lot,but if you live in a hot climate,your batteries may actually deplete because of it,making the alkaline-battery-in-the-fridge idea a worthwhile one.If you live in Alaska,your batteries are probably all right sitting in a drawer in the pantry.
"A vocal group in the church — those who call themselves progressives — agrees with the secular world. As one person said: 'Society around us is leading the way about accepting of homosexual practice and the church is lagging behind.'" The use of the term "progressive" tends to give the false impression that those opposed to their new ideas might be "repressive."
It was such an incredible experience to be able to meet and thank her for her for being such an inspiration in person.
So how about you?
Christan: Are you still mad at Him?
Happy Spring!!!
AOL will be giving Ms. Huffington the ability to run Technology, business development, marketing and communications units. Advertising sales will remain under the control of AOL for the mean time.
The only hope we have as a nation, if we want to avoid Greece's fate, is voting the lefties and the RINOs out of office and replacing them with politicians willing to support the Fair Tax. You knew I'd have to throw that in at some point, didn't you?
“A grandmother is a little bit parent, a little bit teacher, and a little bit best friend.”
Killer bees? Sure. Killer snakes? Uh-huh. Killer slugs? Naturally. Killer cats? Oh yeah. There have been all kinds of killer creatures great and small that have graced the multiplex screens of past and present. We have all fallen witness to their collective rampages. And we always shook our heads, thinking that we had seen it all.
Whatever it was, I ground to a halt.
Bella Vidaʼs menu continues to offer outstanding breakfast entrees that are both creative and delicious as well as healthy! This week one of the favorite morning specials was the Sweet Potato Flap Jacks, which Lynn said were sinfully delicious. However, the real hit with nearly half of the group was the Breakfast Burrito (shown here). The Costa Rican Coffee was again in great demand and kept flowing throughout the meal by the attentive and very patient wait staff. A cacophony of conversations hovered above the table.
Where: My house
► Which law applies to the transition to peace -- the "jus" in jus post bellum
As you all know we are an Online Magazine to focus on what is beyond arts, beyond the artist’s idea and passion. But as well as we want to empower children nowadays to surround themselves more with any kind of art, we want to give Newcomer Artists all around the world the opportunity to share their wonderful talent with a bigger audience & to perform for a cause.
"The perfect glass" being dictated, of course, by what is served in it. I may have gotten obsessive about this when I was becoming somewhat obsessive about beer. I treasure the few bars and pubs that make the effort to serve their beers (especially Belgian or Belgian-style) in the appropriate glass rather than pouring everything into a shaker "pint" designed for mixing cocktails.
For sunlight after showers—
Alcohol is especially expensive and is only sold in government-owned stores. One bottle of Smirnoff vodka is $25 and a good bottle of wine can run to about $40. I saw the same bottle of wine that I pay for $4 in the states for $20 in LCBO (the government-run store I mentioned earlier).
Got and stayed clean and sober
Remember, buy Marbz.
2. You shall not worship idols, for I am the LORD your God.
I remember saying to Mister during those awful waterless months, "Never again. Never. You will fix this well situation. You will find us a secure source of water. You will do this before you do anything else. Fixing the shallow well has just become number one on your to-do list! Are we clear on that?"
Rather than light into them with a switch, as the elder Hood had done on many an occasion, Hood’s father had showed them how to tamp the tobacco and keep it lit. He then forced each of the boys to smoke three pipes in a row. By the end of the exercise all of the boys were green around the gills and two of them had vomited.
OKAY. Here is what I've changed:
Just say what you feel!
From the agency, the following people will be there: the account director, the account supervisor, the account executive, the exec creative director and/or creative director, the copywriter, art director, planning director and/or planner, media director, and maybe someone from upper management.
I am your worst fear. I am a dream come true.
doar deure geroaken was nen duvelschen toêr
And in a single moment - my mood completely shifted.
Jerome: Hard as were the hearts of the Jews in unbelief, they yet perceived that the Lord’s sentence was directed against themselves.
In Philippians 1:1 Timothy was his constant companion. In 2 Timothy 4:11, Luke remained with him through it all. In Philemon 13 Onesimus stayed with him and served him in for some time. They all had to be fed and he could not claim living expenses from Rome as a prisoner. He was totally dependent upon God.
Casting: Many have already commented on how amazing the casting is, and a bunch of racists with poor reading comprehension have denounced it for making brown characters brown, and I’ll do little more than mostly agree with the former and repeat that Jennifer Lawrence was pretty much perfect, as was Woody Harrelson (though under-utilized). The one major exception for me is Liam Hemsworth as Gale, who comes across as far too much of a brooding, hulking, hunky, tough guy out of a typical teen romance instead of a rough-and-tumble, outdoorsy young man with critical political and even revolutionary thoughts. He is the one character whose performance in no way sets up what he becomes in the coming books/films. Both Cato and Kravitz’s Cinna are kind of meh, too, but not bad in a truly striking way like Gale.
Here is what I have planned for them:
I apologize for my awkwardness, I am not used to talking to a camera and everyone in the house was asleep so I had to be kind of quiet. As far as randomly saying the date at the end, I didn’t think the video was long enough and that I should try to make it longer. And my camera cut me off right before I said “bye!” hopefully that will be fixed next time. Otherwise I hope you enjoyed!
Anyone who manages to get through to Atos CEO Keith Wilman will win the customary prize of a free Crisis Loan*
If you are reading this on Google Reader or via RSS feed, please come on over and behold the dewy and refreshed Femme Curieuse.
”Norway, Danish and International animal sex websites is full of Norwegians who desire sex with animals, the Norwegian Tabloid VG reported in 2009.
It just seems like a lot of her statements that she’s made have been really inaccurate.
Hey Presto! The finished page, but nothing like it would have been if I'd followed all Tam's instructions.
I cried & cried when I read it.
Genus: Astrantia
They remind me of my sunflower. Beaten but unbowed, she made it through some of the harshest conditions ever to greet one of the girosol family. She stood all winter, too. She stands there still. No flower, no seed, but her stem as strong as a sapling.
Meals:
In my last purse, I failed to do so and I ended up with a purse that did not have any compartments inside of it so of course it is always messy and I always seem to not find what I am looking for at the time. Now I still have this one at the moment as I have not found on that suite my needs right now.
Disney morals, hidden slavery, behind the camera bullshit age
1-2 cups crushed cornflake crumbs
Secondly, a pseudo-disclaimer. I am aware of the fact that movies get things wrong on a regular basis. Machine guns never run out of bullets, car chases jump streets fairly regularly and Keanu Reeves can’t emote. I’m well aware of this, and actually kind of enjoy it. However, after a round of Wikipedia-surfing today, I uncovered something about V for Vendetta that was so mind-bogglingly wrong that I had to restrain my laughter.
I had the joy of throwing my little sister a baby shower recently. We're welcoming another little girl into the family very soon! My girls are so excited for another cousin!
“Sit-in” turned into “walk”
All these non-productive Port of Spain cosmetic projects, including the billion-dollar-fiasco-summits, have finally taken its toll on the country and all the money ain’t even done pass yet. The freeloaders appointed to cabinet are shaking in their shoes trying to justify their existence to the Prime Minister by nodding after every sentence the man utters, even when he is in a heightened state of delusion. I guess they must be suffering from his delusion as well. A snap election is inevitable as more news of suspected financial wrongdoings is leaked to the public. Those contractors who had the foresight to milk the country dry before the downturn must be commended for their clear vision of the future. Hopefully they were smart enough to change their money into US dollars and bank it in Miami before our TT dollar floats away. I also hope they found the time and took those well-deserved European vacations. Hopefully, Citizens finally realize that God is not a Trini and he is extending the drought, and WASA’s and UDeCOTT’s officials tenure just to prove this point.
So the girls went to bed early, dishes were done and the hubby was occupied so I was able to get into my craft room to play. I made a few more projects. The first set I worked with was the Shabby Chic. I used the butterfly from the Easter Blessings set to make my own background design.
The English translation of My Father’s Notebook is the only book by Kader Abdolah that I’ve read. The novel is also my first and only encounter with the exiled Iranian writer who now lives in the Netherlands. But the issues Abdolah’s book highlight on life in Iran under the Shah, the heroic struggles of the leftist resistance movement, and the eventual ascendancy of the Islamist mullahs in the power struggle following the revolution of 1979, are all relevant and makes My Father’s Notebook a rewarding read.
I never make anything the exact same way twice. (Well, except.....wait, I change that around too, nevermind.) But we enjoy the variations, and I always have the recipe skeleton to use as guide, so I don't get too far off base.
Hope everyone out there has had a great start to the year!! I love my KinderGators!!!
-sometimes for victimization
03. Yet Another Movie
Mind-mapping, remembering, is so different to reality; processing my notes so often puts a different perspective on what we have done and where we have been. Talking again to Norah only last week at the 2010 International Caravan & Motorhome Show in Birmingham, we realised just why we must go back. For out of the blue, she says she is sending me a book on Irish gardens (it's evidently in French, but no matter). I can't wait; we check our guide to Irish camping parks - I am planning already! To be let loose in gardens beyond these shores will be blissful enough, in Irish gardens I can see that words will flow; I'll be snap-happy, whilst creating poem-spills.
First I sort of lurked around visiting all the MM posts leaving comments as an anonymous participant. Eventually one of you recognized me as a stalker and challenged me to get in it. I am still glad I did!
Obviously, I need to do more Naked Blogging.
I have a sick cousin, he has been struggling with blackouts for a while now and they just don't know for sure what is wrong with him. He also owns a farm that is not doing well, so they are having to sell their farm and move into town. I made this card, tile and box for him. Please tell me what you think???
“The dog is chasing me.” (laughter) Don’t laugh, hear seriously. “Dog is chasing me.”
- 1 teaspoon of vanilla
Sterling Holloway … Kaa
The Make It Monday linky party is open again.
21. What aren’t you wearing? tiara
“Where are you from?” I asked. He told me he was from Turkey and what his academic interests were. He then asked me where I was from and where did I go to school. I responded that I was born and raised in Norfolk, and that I went to the university in my backyard for my bachelors and masters. He repeated what I said for clarification; I confirmed it; and his response was “That’s strange.”
Lola is giving her a high five!
The story follows George and Sophie, they’re saving money to go on their first holiday together, the deposit is paid, and they have two weeks left to pay the outstanding balance of £2,000. Sophie has entrusted George with her holiday savings and is keen to settle the debt with the travel agents. The only trouble is, unbeknown to Sophie, George is flat broke. In a vain attempt to raise cash, George uses Sophie’s holiday money to fund an ill-judged deal.
“The Komen Foundation's decision to halt grants to Planned Parenthood sends a strong and chilling message,” said Joanna Zannoni, Executive Director of the New York State Coalition Against Sexual Assault. “And those of us who believe that affordable healthcare for women is vital can send an equally strong message by making a donation to Planned Parenthood.”
So listen close, because I am heralding a storm.
Displeasure with an animal is ok if it has done a wrong.
To start, I used a #8 manilla tag. I stamped the background with Mustard Seed distress ink using the Boho Blooms background stamp (now retired) by Stampin' Up!. Immediately after stamping, I covered the tag in Vanilla scented embossing powder, also by Stampin' Up!. After heating, I inked the entire tag with Dusty Concord distress ink, using the ink blending tool. I again, immediately covered the entire tag with vanilla embossing powder and reheated. This was a technique Tim Holtz used on one of his 12 Tags of Christmas 2011.
Mohd Harris said the judge also found the plaintiffs’ allegation that KPF owned 51% of FHB shares worth RM 3.13 billion was not based on solid evidence.
And, while we're at it, thanks for nothing, Microsoft. Nigerian scammers have had control of my email account for FOUR days. A simple look at the activity on the account (changed password, changed verification secondary email addresses, loads of email traffic outbound, contact exported, etc etc) would surely register as suspicious enough to at least lock the account temporarily. Thank god I've moved everything to Gmail.
Slash Utility Bills This Summer With A Whole House Fan
2.To atta,add salt and ground paste and make a smooth dough.
Then I thought I would use a non-Sugar Nellie stamp....that's definitely out of the ordinary for me but would've no doubt resulted in me getting a very stern telling off!
“Wait,” Barbara stopped him. “You skipped one."
Another one I liked was:
'Petra heard the key turn in the lock and the clacking of Prada pumps walking down the stairs outside. Without hesitation, the Louboutins made it across the room, almost like the heels weren't touching the dusty and extremely dirty carpeted floor. 'Petra kneeled down on the filthy floor, and looked at the woman his mother had been hunched over. She looked so tiny, peaceful yet disturbingly pale. 'Petra reached down and wiped the hair away from the old womans forehead and mumbled an incantation.
Whisk together all the dry ingredients for the cake in a large mixing bowl.
One is conquerering the other in a tyranny of stereotypical pivo
Riddle, riddle; God’s not there but in this
· What separates Luke from other linebackers and defensive players?
The party has only ever stood successfully in one other constituency before: Tower Hamlets. In this campaign video for Bradford they are described as the party that “sorted out” Tower Hamlets, and indeed they did: Respect’s control coincided with its transition from minority Islamic borough to Islamist Sharia fiefdom. As regular Gates of Vienna readers will be more than aware.
It is interesting to note, though, that although occasionally such letters were written by the parties involved themselves, they were more often written by an amanuensis – someone who knew the people involved but had more skill in writing. These notes are usually deliberately constructed to emphasise the individual’s suffering. They often highlight the symptoms and use emotive language to highlight the particular suffering.
‘Oh,’ she said, looking thoughtful. ‘And daddy...’
While Whittle's message is intended to inform us how the massive entitlement spending could positively influence the re-election of the president, we believe the message more importantly highlights our economic vulnerability to potential collapse. The national debt is now at $15 trillion, and Mr. Obama will ask to raise the debt ceiling to $16.6 trillion. By adding this amount each year, the national debt will double in 10 years. And, if interest rates rise, the interest we pay for this debt will further compound the problem.
So there you have it: the real reason birth happens. Aren’t you glad someone finally came out with the truth? You’re welcome. Feel free to send me lots of research grants, which I’ll use to study birthing practices in as many tropical-island cultures as I can find.
feeling brittle, unmanageable and a little sticky.
The Willamette Writers Conference brochure is available. It contains the schedule of workshops plus bios for the presenters, agents, and editors in attendance. Conference attendees may sign up for individual or group pitches. The workshops cover fiction genres, nonfiction, and film. Registration opens May 1.
misting into this vacuous drone,
East Hampton Teachers’ Association president Priscilla Campbell asked the district not to release the details of the contract until the union leaders could present the details to the teachers on Tuesday afternoon. They won’t formally vote until next Friday.
Oh, and BTW, the new March KOM is totally amazing! Can't wait to get mine so I can play!!! Be sure to check it out.
Or do you believe that we left The State of Nature because we humans are genetically prone to work in groups to attain food and shelter and when the work is done to supply entertainment for each other?
P.S. The ad on my last post made me think of this:
And for this special moment, we want to give you a special gift which is a collab we did.
As if the journey back wasn’t steep enough, Dan wanted to play the position that had earned him his scholarship. He was a starting pitcher, one of the most physically and mentally demanding jobs in sports. He wanted the ball, the chance to again carry his team on his shoulders. Steve made sure Dan’s comeback was careful. “In the fall for sure,” he says. “He lost a lot of weight. Even in the spring, it took awhile to get it back. We took it slow.”
I returned to the hall outside the bathroom and examined the door. The hinges were on the inside.
There was only one problem: None of these candidates wanted the nomination. Neither did the other “draft” candidates who received support on the Americans Elect Web site, including Jon Huntsman, Ron Paul, Howard Dean, Donald Trump, Al Gore, Sarah Palin and David Petraeus.
But the funny thing is I am pushing through really well and do not feel like a raving lunatic like the last time I attempted to quit- maybe the difference is all mental. I am not trying to quit- I have released myself from bondage...HUGE DIFFERENCE!
PanPastels are pastels in a pan. The colors are easier to blend than Pastel sticker.
The Brothers – Beautiful
THis SunDay, We are having the first OPen House Gelato ArT/ Video SaloN and we are having it in cooperation with Gary Campbell, at our dream space, Gary's loft on Walworth -which has hosted many beautiful events,some pictures of which you may find here & on www.noumenon9.com , and You are Well Come to come through for 5 minutes or 5 hours.
‘Is it a rat?’ Sara cried, ‘tell it to go away, Josh!’
Level 3: MP Cost: 12, Duration: 78 seconds, ATT: +13.
Her big birthday bash was great, awesome food as you can imagine. For some strange reason she got enough bottles of wine that she could open her own tacky dark wine cellar to lure 12 year old boys (or did you miss that blog?). FYI-she only drinks white so she will be re-gifting a lot of the extra reds. Me please!! And yes, I did see her add ice a few times but it is Arizona and chilled wine does not stay frosty long. The birthday party was a big occasion in Tuna town. She even went out clothes shopping which she hates to find "clothes that
“Hahaha, that is because he is not ‘penakut’ like us!” my brothers replied.
"I have a Vita-Mix blender and use it to make a 'liquid salad' for lunch and dinner. I wash, cut and toss into the Vita-Mix: half an apple, a carrot and greens of choice (usually a big handful of broccoli florets, parsley and cilantro) and maybe also spinach, Brussels sprouts, celery and kale. Add a little water and blend it up."
P.S. Here are some pictures of your most recent adventures. We’re loving how much you change every day!
What Afro Leo would like to know is (i) whether anyone is undertaking a reliable and objective history of the Ethiopian coffee brand licensing programme(s) which gives due credit to all participants in it and (ii) whether the income from the licensing scheme is trickling down to the poverty-stricken coffee producers in any meaningful manner. Can readers please advise?"No reader did advise, much to Afro Leo's disappointment -- but someone from PIIPA has at least been reading the weblog and has published this note:
Today I got signed up and am playing around and exploring the site. I have come across several mini-blogs to follow on such interesting topics as art, food, and history. I have already re-blogged a beautiful piece of art I came across and a recipe that is perfect for a rainy, chilly day like today. You can see these posts and follow me here:
I became aware that Nick had located something he wanted to read in spiral bound book he had taken from an end table during the reading. It turned out to be a copy of a translation of the Shobogenzo by Dōgen. Leslie and Nick both read Dōgen very closely and had an ongoing conversation about him. Nick read from it from part of a chapter called “One Bright Pearl.”
”Sudan confirms that it rejects any efforts to disturb the African Union role and take the situation between Sudan and South Sudan to the UN Security Council,” the Foreign Minister, Ali Karti, said … READ MORE
Fully prepared to head out on a blue shopping spree following the ultrasound for my first pregnancy, I was shocked . . . stunned . . . surprised speechless when the doctor announced he was pretty sure my son was actually a daughter.
"It takes a mother to raise a child, not a village. Villages are for raising idiots."--unknown
March 15 2012 at 03:44pm
For my feature card, I've chosen to go with soft pastels, butterflies and flowers (yes, I know you are all shocked that I've used flowers LOL!!!). The stamps I've used are Botanical Butterflies by JustRite Stampers and you can find the recipe and details on My Blog!
Chemical Brothers Leave home UK
As an adult, especially a parent there is a very special and fine line between ego and the greater good. In all actuality those things are miles apart but human nature presides in times of trial.
April 27: Tinker Bell
I popped up the playful piece. That piece just fits my father in law's personality. He was playful... an unmerciful tease. I added a few pieces to balance out my corner.
Allow yourself the luxury of emotional expression. As you do, you not only bring yourself to a higher state of being, but you also raise up the rest of the world around you.
I really liked the art – in fact, I have no real problems with it whatsoever. It could’ve been better, I would’ve preferred it to be more like Clannad, but it’s still pretty damn good. I am fairly certain this certifies to be called a moe anime, and that should sum up the art rather nicely. No, they’re not always in chibi form, act cute and all that – but overall I would definitely describe it as cute. There were a lot of cute romance moments.
America meet Briana. She lives in Orlando with her mom and older sister, Brittany (hold on for an interesting little tidbit about Britt Britt here in a minute). Bri is a good student. So good in fact that she graduated high school a year early and is looking forward to college. She broke up with her boyfriend, Devon, a month ago. But she still loves him and wants to work things out because . . . she's pregnant!
This is the dish that I take every year to a good friend's holiday party. It is different every year by a little, depending on what I have and what mood I am in. This year I made a balsamic onion jam to top the brie in the crust. This recipe requires buying and planning ahead. I like making the onion jam the day before. I also keep the brie in the deep freeze until time to assemble and bake so that it can bake long enough to brown the crust without totally melting and exploding the cheese. This recipe will make what you see here: 2 large wheels of brie. This fed quite a large crowd of 50+. Halve the recipe for a smaller party. If you do not have the time to peel the pearl onions, just use red onion sliced in rings or half rings. 1 medium onion should do it, but the pearl onions are prettier.
I Have a Herring Problem
I think that to the great majority of people out there, unschooling is thought of as a method of education. And I think I've referred to it as such myself, at times. But that description doesn't sound quite right to me: it makes me think of all the different curriculums and school reforms, where new methods are implemented, then the results are studied. That's what people often see unschoolers as: results of a specific method of education.
I want to escape my own eyes,
Well, the original-original very first manuscript was ridiculously bad, but thankfully before I showed it to anyone, I realized it needed to be the elephant's story, instead of having the elephant as just one character along with the other talking animals and whatever was going on with them. The manuscript that I first took to a critique group was about two elephant friends in the wild, and one is captured to be a show elephant. The rest of the book showed the next few years of the elephant's life at the circus grounds, all from her point of view. Then at the end she broke free from her chain, probably after listening to an old Wilson Phillips CD, and rejoined her herd in the wild.
Chang Cheh's Blood Brothers tells the same basic story as the more recent (and excellent) The Warlords with Jet Li, Andy Lau and Takeshi Kaneshiro. Of course, the aesthetic is completely different, lush greenery where the newer film is a gray wasteland choked with dust. The three blood brothers are here played by Chang Cheh regulars Ti Lung, David Chiang and Chen Kuan Tai, whose happy lives of banditry are ended by one of their number growing ambitious, joining the military and setting his sights on his brother's wife. Despite the love triangle, this is a particularly homoerotic effort from Chang Cheh, but amazingly, a relatively bloodless one. The action is strong across the board, the drama works, and the direction is interesting, but I'm afraid the film is monstrously padded in areas. Could have done with a big editorial trim. Doesn't beat out The Warlords, but still good.
Yesterday I finally managed to have a play in my craft room! It has been a long time since I have been able to tinker around just for me. I decided to enter a challenge with Stampin! Up's Founder and CEO, Shelli Gardener, who is taking things back to simple with a challenge called Simply Stunning Creative Challenge.
I love it when we have helpers in the classroom. Mrs. Gable and Mrs. V are both here, pulling small groups of kids, in the mornings. On Monday mornings I'm lucky enough to have two more volunteers in the classroom. It's the perfect opportunity to have some sight word fun!
ps.: There are two incredible installments on i live here:SF today. One in the morning (9:02am, Mat) and one in the afternoon (2:22pm, Catherine). I am BLOWN AWAY by these people for entirely different reasons but both have made me have crushes on them. Please promise you'll look at their photos and read their stories today.
Cool completely on the sheets over a wire rack.
We literally spent an entire day in the girls’ bedroom trying to change the walls from nursery green and yellow to bubble gum pink and k-state purple. Amazing transformation…exhausting day! Paneling. That says it all! When we finished we were a bit bummed because the seemingly bright beautiful pink dried to a not so cute coral pink. Seriously, 7 hours for not so cute coral pink… And a beautiful purple accent color which ended up not matching the pink so much… Guess what?? Not changing the color now! We will live with this until I forget again how much work it takes to paint the dreaded paneling! (Took about 7 years to forget the pain of painting it nursery colors…How long do you think it will take this time??!!)
Divide into two balls and wrap with plastic wrap, flattening into two disks. Refrigerate for one hour. Before rolling dough, let it soften for ten minutes.
Or black
Antlers too big--so they hafta quit.
When my parcel arrived this week I ripped it open and the most stinky fusty smell filled the room. I've washed and washed it, now it's getting the overnight air treatment. I'll have a major sulk if the stink doesn't go and I can't use it. There's lots planned for this sheet - Miss Rosey fancies a dress from it which is pretty brave I think. Smell or no smell.
Speaking of weirdness, I'm ready for this:
It’s the intangibles, the ifs, the “is-thats” and the “should-Is” and the “doesn’t-hes” that plague me today. L.’s not developing evenly. I won’t say that there’s something wrong, because I don’t know that for certain — that’s what today’s appointment is for. I will say that if you experience L. for any length of time, you’ll notice a few things (and I can be objective in saying this, because it’s coming partly from documentation provided to me by his teachers and school staff):
"For I know the plans I have for you, declares the Lord...." How often have you heard this passage quoted? It is a great promise of the Lord and is often quoted to be an encouragement for fellow believers to have hope and trust in the will of God.
So, while it is business as usual, I'll need to be more selective about what I write and when I write here.
I felt bad for the child’s father, and it really hardened me into thinking of how I would raise an autistic child if that is what life threw me. The deep things within the book are excellent. The father & mother, they’re relationship, how things turn out all make for a compelling and real-to-life read. The challenges of keeping the family together must be tough. With that said, I can’t see why so many comments on this book talk about it being a comedy. I don’t see this as the case at all. Some things are amusing, but I don’t think it was made to be a comedy. I’ve also seen some of Good Reads harping on it because they were told it was a mystery, and though the boy is trying to be a detective for a little while, that is not what this book is about either. The book is about the family through and through. The experiences the boy had traveling to London felt real to me as well. I definitely want to continue reading about autism and reading books like this one are great. Seeing the world from Christopher’s perspective, and thinking about your life in this context really makes you think.
A few weeks ago we had our baptism class, and by we, I mean me, Scott and Summer, and Julie, Ben and the twins. Oh, and I think there maybe might have been one other couple with a little 3-month-old peanut there. And by class, I mean a get together where we blew into a stranger’s house like a tornado, crawled all over their furniture, stuck fingers in their VCR, screamed high pitched screams at them for no reason and ate all of their food while the other couple and their little bebe sat quietly in the corner stunned and frozen as they got a brief glance at their near future. Muah ah ah. They looked scared. The couple that hosted the class was awesome, had a few grown children of their own, and had a plan for how the hour would go… a plan that was blown to smithereens the moment we all arrived. At one point, the wife pulled something out of one of the packets of info we all were given and started…
He was like a kid in a candy store. Literally! He loved it. And he had a few helpers to eat it.
I hope this blog will be a record of my journey here, a story of getting better and more high-level in my thinking. To that end, posting on here about “I won $5 on FT!” or “On a bad streak!” isn’t going to cut it. I should be posting hands, talking about my reasoning behind them, and maybe then I can start to gain a better understanding of how to put the pieces together and become a successful poker player.
You may have noticed one already on yesterday's card, but this time around I have used three and they are the main focus of the design.
Carbon dioxide mixed with water produces carbonic acid making the oceans more and more acidic and increasingly sick. For example, it takes thirty parts of alkalinity in the form of sodium bicarbonate to buffer or neutralize one part or one molecule of carbonic acid in order to maintain a pH of 8.2 - the healthy pH of our oceans. Thus, the chemistry to buffer carbonic acid in the oceans is a thirty to one ratio. This means thatit is going to be virtually impossible to reverse this catastrophic situation unless we do something about decreasing the emissions of carbon dioxide in the atmosphere--and do it NOW!
Of course, anyone who knows me, knows that I love the black and white photo. No surprises there.
Moves slower than a standard stout, and is darker. not as substantial as an RIS, but more than the usual. Smells deep and smooth, a tad grainy and roasted. Not strong like an RIS, just steady.
Elizabeth Taylor, 1958
I made a first try that you already saw but it was not so good so I have decided to redo it. And I wanted to show you how I work and how my furniture are made.
With just potato, flour, and some seasoning, come these delicate little treasures. The process seems intimidating, and the legends are terrifying tales of gnocchi gone wrong, but trust: If I can make these, you can make these. I'm the one who lit her microwave on fire. Twice.
O: Onomatopoeia ~ Now I realize this isn’t a place. Boom! Crash!Zoom! It is a way of life! As far as places are concerned, I would also list Oklahoma City, OK. I have visited the memorial there and found it to be profoundly moving.
1) On June 5, at 6:30pm, Legal Sea Foods will team up with Bryan Parker, winemaker at Terlato Family Vineyards, to host a four-plus-course wine dinner at the Prudential Center location. Each course will feature Legal Sea Foods’ signature cuisine paired with selections from this vineyard. Guests will indulge in the following:
The Day After Tomorrow is a story by Roland Emmerich that was first a movie and then a "novilization" by Whitley Strieber. Here's the synopsis from the back of the book:
There's no stopping her fussing and bustling down the hallway into his dorm. There's no stopping her sliding a finger along the bookshelf above the only remaining bed in the four bed room and inspecting the residual dust on her forefinger. There's no stopping her introducing herself to his dorm mates long before he even knows their names or what they're studying. She persists. Hugs him. Begs him to be careful, to study hard and to call every day before bustling outward into the corridor and dissolving all too publicly into a well of sobs. Her first born, now in college 3 hours away from home.
So this is the very first piece I stitched on commission, for just the price of materials and not my time. (I didn't mind doing it - stitching is my sanity as I am sure you can all relate to). All in all, not a bad gift for about $50, and yes, I had my husband frame it.
Moyle, 44, credits his mode of transportation for his unorthodox views. It’s shiny and cherry-red, with plenty of room for a briefcase, groceries or even a case of beer. It has an all-leather seat and it rides like a dream.
Model: Sarah Tintiangko
Most interestingly, Michael Grade said he would not have commissioned ITV’s Britain’s Got Talent series (which he likes) because he wouldn’t have thought it would be possible to get so many interesting acts.
- Where is Dylan Dog?: ah yes, that. This turned out to be a much more complex process that requires much more time and skill. I translated some of the story that I was planning to upload but I'm having a lot of trouble adapting it to English language. If someone wants to give it a shot and translate it from Croatian to English let me know via email and I'll send you the scans.
Most people around the world are familiar with kola; many have tasted it and do not even know it. In the 1800s, a pharmacist in Georgia took extracts of kola, sugar and coca and mixed them with carbonated water. His accountant tasted it and called it “Coca Cola.” Today, Coca-Cola still uses kola in its original recipe.
Two Republican Congressmen advised Federal Housing Finance Agency Acting Director Edward DeMarco to oppose principal reductions for GSE-backed loans.
At the Atlantic Yards District Service Cabinet meeting January 26, Forest City Ratner officials said there were 666 workers at the site, including the arena, transit connection, and railyard. (This number tends to exceed slightly the number reported by Merritt & Harris, the real estate consultant to the arena PILOT Bond Trustee, because the latter does not examine railyard work.)
“I will note also that jealousy is a manifestation of tamas in both sexes. Why? I am sure that there is no reason to explain this in detail — in isolation from the whole knowledge of the laws and principles of spiritual growth.
But then things started looking a bit brighter when the postman arrived with some wonderful goodies... The first delight came all the way from Morocco from Anabella, one of my goodie swap partners:
It is as near a universal beer as I know and I have yet to encounter a beer drinker who doesn't like it. And even a few who "don't like beer" like Black Butte.
I used about half of the sauteed spigarello for our version of a broccoli rabe pizza and tossed the rest with cannellini beans for a quick (and healthy) lunch.
Here's the quick and dirty. The Avian Gospels is a story about a nameless war ravaged city that is suddenly, unexpectedly, buried beneath a plague of birds. For no known reason, millions of them flock to the city at once, blotting out the sun and covering the ground in a blanket of feathers and beaks.
Grungepaper from Tim Holtz
How right Tynan was. The play, launched in May 1958, reached the West End the next January (368 performances), went on a British tour and ran for 300 performances on Broadway in 1960, starring Angela Lansbury and Joan Plowright (who won a Tony Award for playing Jo). John Osborne, the original Angry Young Man, bought the film rights for a sizeable £20,000; the movie was
As I said, the actors onscreen here have been in things far less-embarrassing than Matilda. Sure, Metrano was in two Police Academy flicks as well as Going Ape! and that Andy Sidaris guns-and-breasts epic Malibu Express, but I'll bet you he brought those up before he'd bring Matilda up in conversation.
Rue the day: she dares.
That European visit had nothing on us! lol
Now, of course, budget airlines are not messy. Cereal, cereal bars, travel mix and dried fruits are a few helpful tips on how to get the cheap airline ticket to prague is now. Airline tickets do not read customer reviews when they want to hire Palma transfer services can be defined differently by various types of bags, you can contact them easily.
I'm so extremely excited and nervous and excited!!!
Back in the late 70's/early 80's, a near legendary punk outfitters called 'NASTY' was the place go in Southend for all your alternative clobber. It eventually closed, but the shop has re-opened (and subsequently closed again) dozens of times over the years under many different names, but never recapturing the glory of its heyday.
restored
In the comments Svigor referred indirectly to my A Personal Disclosure:E.g., I love TAN and think the world of him, but I don't think he "came clean" for anyone's sake but his own; he felt like he'd be deceiving people if he didn't come out with it. The rest of us didn't give a damn either way.He is correct. I disclosed it because it pained me not to. I realized that it was important and that it would only reflect more negatively on my character and motives the longer I put it off.
The fights in this set are actually pretty brief. Vegeta makes short work of Android 19, showing of his new Super Saiyan abilities. Piccolo pays back Android 20 for stealing some of his energy in a nice curb stomp battle. Vegeta puts up a good fight against Android 18 but in the end, he's no much for her, but then, none of the Z Fighters are a match for 17 and 18 as they are quickly tossed aside with little to no effort.
This recipe makes a mild salsa which can be made spicier by the addition of more peppers, and thicker by the addition of more tomato paste. Depending on how finely you chop the ingredients, it can be more or less chunky. It uses Roma tomatoes because they are less juicy than other tomatoes and therefore the salsa needs less cooking time. This recipe is courtesy of Lori B.
I thrifted this skirt over the past weekend. I've been enjoying fuller skirts lately because they are so comfortable and it is nice to wear clothes that have movement. This one has a tan colored accent in the pattern that is hard to see, so that is why I chose this particular belt.
“We apologise for any inconvenience encurred by passengers and are sorry they were dissatisfied with the service.
· Assist with production support of developed software by providing bug fixes for issues reported by customers.
The Pilgrims Rest: A solid 2,00 year old converted stable, with original fittings..all the mod cons…bed a bit small.
So why does Barnes & Noble assume this is true of all parents? As Braun points out in her blog post at YALSA, who decided that judging such a book this way IS common?
Joanna's children are mostly grown up now. The three oldest are gainfully employed and the youngest, opting to go to highschool is in grade 10.
His love is the only thing that can sustain us,
This song is a straight up jam. The drumming, which is why I heard it in the first place, is buck-wild, probably why my teacher never tried to get me to learn it. The vocals and guitar are smooth and cool without trying too hard and the pace is somewhere between toe-tapping and breakneck. The best part, however, may be the bridge when the drums drop out and singer Hamilton Leithauser gets all dreary, saying “when I used to go out I would know everyone that I saw / now I go out alone if I go out at all”. Instead of sounding pathetic though, he sounds like he doesn’t give a shit. “The Rat” carries that difficult to replicate “do not care” attitude that makes a song irresistible if achieved and unbearable if botched. I can’t say I’m a huge Walkmen fan but this song is fire.
Terry and Patrick find themselves kidnapped and tied up by an old friend of theirs who's worried about something bad coming. The writers have been promising for a while now that we'd get more on Terry's past, so it's nice they're actually delivering on that promise.
And she cocked a lissome ear,
Well, I never due to Mr Blogger playing at silly billies last weekend we are super late announcing the winner of our monthly prize.
But… what, precisely, did he bequest the world?
"i have seen you here before." He tells me, "i see this sign and i don't understand what you're trying to say... with a sign reading, 'you are loved'. i asked my co-worker and said, 'Should i stop and ask?' and he told me that i should and so today i finally did!"
Obama appeared to be holding out hope Friday night that his deal with Boehner could be resurrected in some form, with an administration official saying “this offer is still available.”
In stark comparison to Boy Work: Pokémon and lolling on the sofa.
approx 150g of smooth, mashed potato. Yup - you DID read right !
I smiled, not getting the joke. "Nice day," I said.
And this is why I chose to live it...
There was a slight worry concerning fridge space with every available orifice packed to the rafters in preparation for the biggest night of the year.
In and out of these blue lines like I’m sexin the page.
Ain't it still oppression?
As a nationalist I despair, I lament my nations fate for on present form they have won and we a people, a civilisation will go down never to rise again, the BNP should be ashamed of themselves, for their actions in many instances are no longer the actions of nationalists and perhaps if god is willing it is they that may find themselves proscribed by the people, by Britain finally awake.
What are your favorite gathering places with friends and family?
Here's the results from Random.org.
I LOVE a tanner with some SPF. You can slather it on in the morning and go about your day knowing that not only are you protected from the sun, but you'll be tan by dinnertime!
I can't help it. I totally giggle.
58. Taken a martial arts class
I feel compelled to ask…. Is it your husband?
R 3: Repeat row 2 for 32 rows. Sl st first and last rows together to form ring. End off.
The smoothie is one of those clean out the fridge types. I threw in some yogurt, the remainder of a can of coconut milk, almond milk, a couple of dates, and some frozen berries. Holy wow! That ish was amazing.
Chances are pretty good that you’re familiar with some of the phrases from Lewis Carroll’s poem “Jabberwocky” even if you don’t know the poem by heart (or by name). Maybe you’ve heard word “chortle,” for example, which Carroll coined to suggest something between a chuckle and a snort. It’s a fun (if here and there a little unsettling) little nonsense poem that does a great job of insinuating meaning with made-up words. There can be little doubt that the “beamish boy” returning triumphantly home in a “galumphing” way is bounding or galloping, even though “galumphing” wasn’t a word before Carroll invented it.
Pip’s favorite segment is what he calls the “Triumphant Peter.” In this segment, Peter’s theme is played loudly and happily by the entire orchestra as Peter and the rest of the characters escort the captured wolf to the village zoo. Pip likes to belt this out at the top of his lungs while marching and waving his arms in the air. After watching him do this a couple of times, Polly now joins in with him whenever Pip gets the Triumphant Peter going.
Neither gives a toss for the party, British Nationalism and our growth as a political party.
I recently found these hints in one of my 1920's cookery booklets.
JIPLP has recently received for possible publication an article on interim injunctive relief for trade mark infringement in Tanzania. This sort of submission reflects several aspects of IP publishing and the role of JIPLP itself:* The majority of countries in the world have too few IP practitioners, owners and administrators to support the commercial publication of a law journal devoted to developments within those countries. This means that writers on those developments must rely on international journals such as JIPLP as vehicles for the dissemination of peer-reviewed IP literature;
It's hard to miss a man for two weeks,
The final option on the list was what to do with the Dura Den road. Leave it as it is or "permanently close of the road at some point". I honestly can't see how that would improve traffic speeds through the village, if anything it would remove one less junction for passing traffic to have to worry about and in theory, increase traffic speeds. It'd also remove a useful and well used route to Dundee.
You continue wrapped in cranial knowledge
In this case, the recordings of Miss Yvonne Fair.
Now that my reason for not posting any blogs in the past week or so is publicized I can try to cover some ground on life beyond the uniform in the past couple weeks. Last weekend was a bump in the road to a Southern Conference title as we dropped two games to conference foe Furman. To put salt on the wound of a gloomy series loss in Greenville, Swim’s impressive hitting streak was snapped at 25 games. That streak might have been one of the most impressive things I’ve seen while playing college baseball. It made me smile in memory of Dan Uggla’s 33-game hitting streak for America’s team, the Atlanta Braves, last season. After the double header last Saturday at Furman we all had Easter Sunday completely off. It was a rejuvenating day to say the least and we all spent our off time in various fashions. A small herd of the Phoenix migrated to the Moseley Center for Easter Sunday Mass, others enjoyed time with parents who had come in town for the weekend, and others headed over to the ‘Lath for extra batting practice or throwing work. I believe that it was the first day off from baseball without classes since January.
and I will give you rest.
by Walter Rauschenbusch
Art By: Matti Freeman
At this point, I'm thinking, "who need's a fancy restoration hardware version?"
Away from shore, Korean Krishnas (?) drum and gong their way along the walk. No one pays them much mind.
We all have to cope without the internet at various times in our lives. I've done it more times than I'd care to but I always survive. It isn't the end of the world. It's just a huge downer and I hate it. You know, I was just reading a column about a man that had to do without his wi-fi service the other day. Now I don't have internet. I believe that is what they call "irony."
Speaking of crazy...He survived a weekend at my house. As we live in different states, that made dating a bit difficult at first. But as he told me "my game travels", I took him on his word. On New Year's Eve weekend, he spent the weekend for the first time in the House of Chaos. For a man who has never had a pet in his life, he actually did very well with my neurotic Chihuahua, evil cat, and 4 month old psycho kitten (who has the kitty version of a deviated septum and snores louder than people). And HE CAME BACK. Even after the dog thought the best place to sit was on his chest with a paw pressing on his throat. Or woke up with the kitten sitting on his chest staring at him.
Also, I’ve got to lace up my sneakers and take myself for a run this evening, despite the threat of rain.
Xie Yalong, the 56 year old former head of China’s professional football league, has just gone on trial, the most senior official to date in the corruption scandal that has engulfed the sport and captured the attention of a nation. Dozens of referees, players, officials and coaches have been arrested since an anti-corruption investigation started in 2009. Xie has been charged with taking more than 1.7 million yuan ($270 million) in bribes. His successor, Nan Yong, faces similar charges.
The only way that a movie like The Big Bus could have made it, in fact, was if it were incredibly good at what it did and made itself better than that which it spoofs.
This is the back or east face of Ailsa Craig. This is where most of the birds hang out. The gannets take over the top of this rock, the puffins nest in little holes on the slopes. Other birds take over the narrow little cracks and ledges on the cliffs themselves.
‘I know I’m not. I didn’t fancy them,’ I said, brushing down the tailoring of a casual safari jacket and cream chinos. On my head was perched a pith helmet that matched the outfit. I looked like the product of a breeding programme between Michael ‘Zulu’ Caine and Winsor ‘It Ain’t Half Hot Mum’ Davies; just the kind of ‘lovely boy’ who could ‘blow the bloody doors off’ anything, if asked.
752 D-IX/17/1977. “Our Constitutional History: A Prelude to a Commentary on the Emancipation Proclamation.” First West Coast Conference on Constitutional Law, Los Angeles, California. See Items C-1980(1), D-IV/24/1974 and D-VI/19/1974, above. See, also, Item B-6, above, pp. 135-67, 431-37 (1997), and Item B-10, above, pp. 197-227, 311-25 (1999).
Another thing that has really helped me is WordPress itself. I find this typing away in the WordPress format to be aesthetically pleasing. You may prefer something else like Word or maybe even pencil and paper. That’s fine. As long as it gets the job done.
Netherlands would host the
J.R. West the Raccoon
How many times do you let me take a bath (Annalise)?
“Perhaps a man really dies when his brain stops, when he loses the power to take in a new idea.”
DW HHI
the march issue came a week or two ago and it's a juicy one. there's a feature called "naturally brilliant" and it's a feast for the eyes. for starters, the food styling is gorgeous and the greens section was dog-eared immediately. there's a recipe for broccoli-spinach soup that caught my eye because it looked delish, seemed simple and, going down the list ingredient-by-ingredient, i knew it would be a hit. never mind the second part of the recipe is for avocado toasts – rustic bread topped with mashed avocado topped with radish sprouts and lemon juice? yes, please.
Several weeks ago, I mentioned that I had been introduced to Ravelry. For those of you who are not familiar with the wonders of Rvaelry, it is an online sewing and crochet community where you can share details of your makes, find patterns, yarn, and just generally spend an awful lot of time browsing at all the fantastic things people have knitted! I have been so inspired and i am so excited to get knitting. I wanted to share with you a few of my favourite inspirations.
Joan Holloway is a feminist that is constantly underestimated but proves to be vital to the agency. Her voluptuous figure and feminine charm causes her to be objectified by men in the office.. After standing up to Roger, she is promoted to Director of Agency Operations at Sterling Cooper Draper Price. However, with her promotion comes no increase in pay. Classic.
Damn. Another opportunity missed.
The only thing I would change about this novel is to make the story of Luna read like actual journal entries. I believe that would have made a more powerful statement.
I don’t write very much anymore about living where we live (low-income housing, refugees for neighbors) because it doesn’t seem safe. But I will say that there are many, many sad things going on all the time. Some times I can shove it down, and other times I can’t. I have been grateful for this column-writing-experience because it has forced me to look at the situation square in the eye. And, no surprise here, I have been found wanting.
James Massone, aka Ladykiller #2, embraced his new ‘heartthrob’ status with his performance of Billy Joel’s ‘Just The Way You Are’. I was impressed with James’ smooth vocals and sweet stage presence. Plus, how well did he rock that bedazzled (spiked?) letterman jacket?? I was sold on him after this performance, and agree with Carson’s assessment that James is a ‘classy young man’. It’s really great seeing him find his style on the show. He also gets major points by being a bit bashful when confronted with how much lady love he’s been getting. Whenever Cee Lo brought it up, which was often, James smiled sweetly and blushed a bit. Sweetie to the core. The coaches weren’t sold though, and Cee Lo ended up sending him home during Instant Elimination.
I asked them to do something, but they refused.
"The pub owner is interested in this because they can sell two pints of beer they wouldn't sell otherwise," Jack reasons.
* They had direct knowledge of a natural cycle that propels each inhabited planet through quantum evolutionary leaps;
“Larry sat with his arm stretched out along the top of the front seat. His shirt cuff was pulled back by his position and displayed his slim, strong wrist and the lower part of his brown arm lightly covered with fine hairs. The sun shone goldly upon them. Something in Isabel’s immobility attracted my attention, and I glanced at her. She was so still that you might have thought her hypnotized. Her breath was hurried. Her eyes were fixed on the sinewy wrist with its little golden hairs and on that long, delicate, but powerful hand, and I have never seen on a human countenance such a hungry concupiscence as I saw then on hers. It was a mask of lust. I would never have believed that her beautiful features could assume an expression of such unbridled sensuality. It was animal rather than human. The beauty was stripped from her face; the look upon it made her hideous and frightening. It horribly suggested the bitch in heat and I felt rather sick.”
You may notice something about this recipe. It isn't very imperial. The classic Russian Stout OG was 1100-odd. Or about as strong as they could make it. But then along came WW I. For some years it wasn't brewed at all. When it did reappear in 1921, it was a shadow of it's former self. Just 1061º. That's weaker than TT, their standard Porter, was in 1845 (1064.5º). But that wasn't the end of true Russian Cough-mixture (as I used to call it in the 1970's). Because in 1924 they started brewing something called IBS Ex. That was at the full traditional strength. I think it's safe to assume the Ex stood for Export. Though whether it really was just for export isn't clear.
(1) Loot. Every time Death chopped, slashed, or hammered his enemies, coinage and loot were abundant. Ultimately these can be added up for upgraded armor pieces.
Whether it makes a difference to use sealer was pretty inconclusive, but we figure it can’t hurt to keep our granite protected.
You loose woman, you.”
Pour patter into the prepared cake pan and bake until the center of the cake springs back when touched an a tester inserted comes out clean, 60 to 70 minutes. Let the cake cool in the pan on a rack for 10 minutes and then turn it out on the rack to cool completely.
Anticipating... August. Duh. 104 days left till I get to skip down the aisle and marry my best friend and end our 5 year long distance relationship and move to my favorite state in the world with him.
3. “Did you try that mango colonic I recommended?” (Leave treatment advice to the doctors)
Reading a book so compelling and heart-wrenching has left me equally dumbfounded and speechless. After much thought of the story, I still find myself stuck with its images lingering at the back of my mind, mainly at loss for words on how to describe how impactful it was – as if it was uncanningly real, as if reminding me how I was then drifting and falling within the depths of the story.
These creative ladies spent their Saturday learning new layout styles, designs and techniques and finding new ways to preserve memories in the form of... You guessed it! Scrapbooking. :o)
This is a first installment of this exploration. Having devoted what I might once have described as my good years to hyper-vigilance, I know its investigation is not an off-the-top-of-my-head activity. I wanted to open the door for my own thoughts to wander through and invite others who, like Jayne, have grown weary of watching the horizon for ghost ships.
“Children, who are born and raised in such an environment, learn the same patterns of life — from their parents. And these children, if they do not meet and accept the alternative in their lives — they all, too, rush to fill the hell with themselves…
It’s always tempting, on May 1st, to tell, yet again, the story of the Haymarket Massacre, the Second International’s commemoration of those events, the May Day riots, the Amsterdam conference, and the fight for the eight hour day. Trouble is, you all know this stuff, and yet lots of you will have forgotten what links you to those workers in Chicago. Their struggle is our struggle: it’s the same struggle. Now, some will tell you that nothing’s changed. Well, that’s not true. Most of you will benefit from limited working hours, sick pay, health and safety legislation, weekends, national holidays, trade union recognition, minimum wage, unfair dismissal legislation and so on. It’s miles from perfect. But it’s progress, and none of us would want to turn the clock back.
OK...we're slowing down the pace on the insanity blog. But if you read the other blog, here's the card I received in an envelope on Saturday.
Gibbs and Ryan are a different story entirely. Dr. Ryan really can’t be a regular part of the team but her role in the Department of Defense is an excellent way to have her involved with regularity without being a regular. That would be just the right balance of romance for a show like NCIS.
I doughed in at 5:40 and pitched by 9:50, so not too bad for double the liquid volume!
You can use vintage (or vintage look) materials or “new-fangled” plastics to create your very own set of lovelies that are as unique as real hat pins. Use beads and buttons and lace from your mother’s or grandmother’s stash to make a memory craft for your sisters, daughters, granddaughters or other family members. Almost everyone has a place this small memory can be pinned – in a pin cushion, in the top of a photo frame, even in a hat (be careful not to get stuck!).
Have you ever written a poem, painted a picture or created some other form of art and afterwards found symbolism and meaning in it that you hadn’t intentionally included? This happens to me sometimes and it always surprises me. I know that dreams bring unconscious content to the surface and they do so in a very creative way. Thinking about this, I began to explore the idea of the creative process being another method of bringing unconscious thoughts to our awareness.
1/2 onion, diced
So, to be in with a chance to win this collection of stash, answer my question with a link in your comment. It is not a condition of the giveaway that you have to become a follower of my blog, but if you'd like to, I'd be delighted. The giveaway closes at midday Monday 12th EST (5pm GMT) and I shall draw a random winner ﻿and announce it here on Tuesday 13th September.
List of Tables
Reading these reports, I felt there was something missing – something that didn’t quite add up. I’m not convinced that the religious elements of this case are really what the case is all about.
ARGHHH!!! Now, he was being ungrateful! I wanted to run from the building in shame.
Moving on - my thoughts today. WHAT IF I could let go, just a little?... What if I could be less critical of myself as a mom? What if I could be OK with what is, rather than second-guessing myself constantly? For example - I wonder if I'm providing "enough" for Allie - enough stimulation, enough interaction, enough entertainment, enough educational experiences, enough time with other babies... is anything I do good enough for her? And how would I ever know if it is?! I let go a little bit today, and it felt REALLY good. I'm telling myself - I'm doing the best I can with what I have in the moment. And my best changes on a daily basis, and what I have in the moment is constantly changing too. So here's to letting go - just a little. Just maybe this baby of mine will turn out OK?! :)
"But what they bring is an understanding of British culture and of the importance in the UK of enterprise and of the British common law system. It's a reality that when you're working with a commission official, if you have a common background, then the relationship is different."
Applicant Rodale pointed out that it already owns Supplemental Registrations for WEIGHT-LOSS BULLETIN, SEX BULLETIN, and MUSCLE BULLETIN for magazine features and sections, for WEIGHT LOSS BULLETIN for electronic newsletters, and for MUSCLE BULLETIN for providing information in the field of fitness, exercise, and lifestyle. Most particularly, it noted its Supplemental Registration for NUTRITION BULLETIN for "magazine column and sections in the fields of health, fitness, diet, exercise, and lifestyle."
Business Address: 450 Robeson Street, Fayetteville, NC 28301
I bounced out toward the front and tried to settle in. Three things became immediately obvious:
Not a specific life event, all life events
At the top of the stairs they turned towards the front bedroom, and Donna’s hands and legs began to shake so badly she needed to hold on to the wall to stay up. Ann was ready to catch her if necessary. Chris paused slightly as he entered the room, then turned to walk backwards to watch Donna as she followed. She saw his eyes motioning to the bed, and she turned to see.
Well, and I kinda took a three week hiatus.
It’s difficult to assess al Qaeda’s internal processes precisely because these processes are covert. Although many commentators seemingly have a lot to say about al Qaeda’s current internal processes, the fact is that we know far less about them than we should like. It is thus difficult to say what adaptations the group is making due to bin Laden’s death, except for the rather obvious: al Qaeda’s core leadership would like to re-establish their operational security and regenerate their capabilities. I imagine their playbook for this looks very much like it did in the 2002-2005 period. Much of al Qaeda’s visible adaptations — such as a growing organizational focus on the Arab world itself — are attributable more to the Arab Spring than to bin Laden’s death.
I was even more surprised today when I found ALDI among our local grocery store advitisers. I grew up with ALDI in Germany and now they have opened several stores right here in CT. Buying German Products is now as easy as 1,2,3. If you have a craving for Knackwurst, Schwarzbrot for dinner or Sauerkraut it is just a short car ride away. CT has so much to offer, great shopping, beautiful coasts, parks, historical sites, and lets not forget affordable Real-Estate.
5 The RSPO DOES NOT set any time limit for producers to switch to sustainable production. Consequently, many have just ignored environmental pressure groups and continued decimating the rain forest unchecked.
There is another ranking worth noting, Alaska Brewing at No. 14. (And what follows isn't commentary on their beer.)
He's 2 months and 19 days old (aka 11 weeks). Everyday he does something new. He's cooing, smiling and doing a pretty good job of holding his head up. He doesn't like tummy time much, so we limit it to a couple minutes at a time and then love on him.
This year THON raised $10,686,924.83 For The Kids. That is amazing. Almost every student organization and any other willing org. raises money for THON each year. I have never felt something so incredible. People can hate on Penn State as much as they want but nothing will ever make me doubt the pride I feel for my school. People everywhere do horrendous things each day and all of those get reported with the worst of them being nick picked at every day. However, only few people can say that they actually made a difference. Penn State makes a difference every day and brightens the life of several kids who, without the help of THON and the Four Diamonds organization may not have had a second chance at life. Despite the claims that Penn State is no longer a reputable school, we all know the truth. The truth is that Penn State will actually be remembered for its amazing efforts in helping society and not the negative events the media reports now.
Questions sent to Western Cape police commissioner Arno Lamoer’s office remained unanswered.
The lintel represents the Father in heaven, Who maintains the integrity of the Godhead. While the two side posts represent the Holy Spirit and the Son, Jesus Christ, who have made themselves of no reputation and have come down to earth to save humanity. All three are touched by the blood of the Lamb showing that all three members of the Heavenly Trio have suffered in the plan of salvation.
The Norwegian stares into space for a while, then picks up the picture that he has just drawn and makes a smudge on each tree. ‘Dar ya go.’
Every morning I wake up with this fear to the future,to the present,I feel one day one doctor will tell me i am sick,all day I can be thinking in diseases ,this is the way I live my days....My days are so horrible,I try to get better,I bake,I cook,I craft.....
As you have undoubtedly become aware, there is currently an online backlash occurring and you are its target. There is a term, “Don’t bite the hand that feeds you,” that you might want to ponder. See, you’ve expended immeasurable time and energy over the last several months hitting up established bloggers with established followings in order to make connections in the Down syndrome community as a means of relentlessly promoting yourself and your blog as THE place to go for answers (this despite the fact that you are not even a whole year into the journey of parenting a child with Down syndrome; you still have a lot to learn, my friend!). You’ve shamelessly ridden on the coattails of someone else’s accomplishments to make a name for yourself. The problem is that you have failed and refused to return the favor of promoting other blogs and sources of support, information, and inspiration concerning raising a child with Down syndrome. You’ve denied publicly that any online Down syndrome community even exists, thereby blatantly disrespecting the very people who have helped you become so popular.
Mass Market Paperback: 320 pages
When I bought the Ninja 750 from Joel back in 2000, he gave me the tank bag that he was using on it. It was called: “BagMan by Vetter”, it was a bit of a pain to use and smelled bad, so I rarely used it. The biggest problem was that it used suction cups and multiple straps to stay on the tank, which was a hassle to set up.
Well, whaddya know but right around the same time that I was going gaga over comic strip trivialities (and undoubtedly as a tie-in to the then-new BLONDIE tee-vee series which had Will Hutchins stashing his boots 'n spurs to play Dagwood) two collections of vintage strips made their way to the 'stands which naturally was cause for much joy around my own personal bedroom! Unfortunately the best laid plans of moose and men were to once again get shot into kablooeydom, for although my mother promised to pick up both of these collections for me on her weekly shopping trip to downtown Youngstown Ohio (this was back inna days when the area was booming and the wives of over-paid steelworkers were squandering their hubbies' hard-earned dough at such department stores as McKelvey's, Strouss's and of course Livingston's) there were no BLONDIE books to be found that PM when I came home after a typically demoralizing day hoping to get some comic strip jollies in! Mom said she couldn't find 'em, and although I originally harbored my own doubts about this (yeah, she probably didn't even try!!!) I found that any future attempts to snatch this 'un off the shelves to have been futile! Really, these BLONDIE paperbacks I so desired seemed to have vanished about as fast as they first appeared, and fast enough that even years of flea market searching could not dig up any trace of the things!
First, you need a good pizza dough.
The Council for Estate Agencies (CEA), the authority regulating the real estate agency industry, said it is not illegal for agents to ask for exit compensation, provided that sellers are agreeable.
Eyes: Ditto on the eyes, but you can imagine a Caribbean turquoise
12. Send Me Some Lovin'
1/2 cup whipping cream or milk
Last week I worked out this outfit - but I didn't have the right shoes. Well, I had wonderful shoes but I'm not going to wear them to school. On Friday, I went shopping and found these shoes and stockings. At first I loved these shoes, but having looked at them in my room all weekend, I'm not so sure. I haven't bought thick-heeled shoes for a really long time, and these heels lost their appeal somewhat. They don't necessarily make them more comfortable, and I'm not convinced they're retro-cool enough. On the plus side, they do fit really well, and they are tall. I love being tall.
We will spread like wildfire,
This one features some very familiar 90′s music I remember hearing on the radio when I was growing up. You know. Around the same time I was hoarding all those Star Wars action figures in my room. And when I was getting bowl shaped hair cuts and scrapping my knee on the concrete when I would fall off my bike. I even remember when McDonald’s were giving away good toys in their happy meals.
I would wait for him to come back to our classroom. His chair that was a few rows away from mine. I would look at him, and just keep looking. If he happens to glance at my direction, I wouldn’t turn my head away. I’d keep it still, and simply shift my eyes to the ceiling, to the floor, or to anywhere else.
The Plaza will also house a community welcome center.
Before you make decision of using your online home-based business to promote any service or product, ensure that you do a good and hard research on advantages and disadvantages of that particular product and the market place.
Billy Crystal is here, hello! Well, now that you've seen the venue from inside you can go again. Thank you.
In his Blog, today, Tun Dr Mahathir talked about democracy. So, today, I too want to talk about that subject. I do not, however, want to agree with everything that Tun Dr Mahathir has to say. I shall disagree with him. But I shall do this with civility.
I am very much looking forward to seeing the place for myself as it is a fascinating area. Wine has been made here since the early nineteenth century, but in the past it was almost solely vitis labrusca, the indigenous type of North American vine, rather than vitis vinfera, the European strain of vine used for wine.
Had one last nights sleep on the cow boat and it turns out we are only an hour away from Atalaya our destination to get the next boat. Be glad to get off this one thats for sure.
When I wandered over to visit Alex at the free weights, he made fun of me. "The Golden Girls? Really? At the gym?" I replied, "You can only dream of knowing friendship like theirs, Al," It was a total Golden Girls burn, and he felt it, and cried for hours.
And the thunder of calls and notes.
The Empress at Good Day Regular People
And yesterday I read the government encouraging family and friends to take away weapons possessed by military veterans. Which goes along with the Homeland Security saying veterans are armed and dangerous to governmental well being.
Thanks much to Laura, her mom, Gabby, and Dave. Y'all made me happy today. That makes it easier to turn the page.....
She went to her new and permanent home this morning.
I am blessed beyond measure to be married to Julie, who strives to embody Biblical womanhood. I am also grateful for articulate and Word-filled women, like Elisabeth Elliot, Nancy Leigh DeMoss, Mary Kassian, and millions of other women who are influencing the next generation of women who will be committed to Biblical womanhood, and the True Woman movement.
And yesterday, I was all like: “Fuck this. I’ve worked too hard to be where I am; I know success isn’t overnight, most people would say I’ve been successful, and it’s still better than old job, but I’m still settling – get me outta here and not just because it’s hard/a bad day.”
Well, you have had four wonderful Christmas greetings from three of our designers! Now we are hoping that you will have a Wonderland Christmas greeting for the design team. You have until Friday, Dec. 23 to enter.
And some booze.
During our family’s recent trip to Florida, this dynamic became the key element in creating one of those incredible, unscripted moments that make having children so much fun.
A sigh with a chuckle slid from his virgin lips. His arm lay cross the table, fondling a sugar packet while his eyes blushed. My hand grasped my glass of tea. The sweat from the glass trickled over my fingers, licking my skin. The sugar packet slid through his fingers, as the tip of his index finger faintly stroked the back of my hand.
I hate my life.
I wanted to share with you that I’ve now lost 30 pounds!!! I am only 2 lbs away from my goal weight and I’m currently in my goal size of clothing!!! I’m soo excited and I still can’t believe when I look in the mirror that this is ME!!! I feel amazing! I just bought 2 pairs of shorts yesterday and while I was in the change room trying them on, I had to ask my hubby to get me the next size down! What an incredible feeling!
At the end of the night Alexis was named 4th runner up!! Such a huge accomplishment. Miss America's Outstanding Teen 2012 is Miss Florida- a very talented and beautiful girl.
Dispatches From The Edge
So how was our day’s riding? Well, great of course after all it’s a day on my bike, what’s not to like? One of our group had some technical issues and struggled on the fitness front so we didn’t clock up as many kms, berms or thrills (miles & smiles) as I’d have liked but the day out, cafe and weather more than made up for it.
Prologue: Coruscant – Republic Home Planet – Level 10-16
At Centennial Golf Club, par 36
I did get down to my scrap/craft room to work on the album today.
Altogether, I got 18 hours of sleep... and I have been fighting the need to go to sleep again until 9 tonight.
I'm
III. Let me show to you why all Christians should think and feel about the cross like Paul.
“The race between Apple and Samsung remained tight during the quarter, even as both companies posted growth in key areas,” Ramon Llamas, a senior research analyst with IDC, said today in a statement. “Apple launched its popular iPhone 4S in additional key markets, most notably in China, and Samsung experienced continued success from its Galaxy Note smartphone/tablet and other Galaxy smartphones.”
2 medium sized carrots (roughly chopped)
The one commission member who testified told us with a straight face that Sheriff’s Department response time, the smell of the landfill, what was buried in the landfill, and why a buffer zone was purchased, was not really what the Parks Commission took into account when the site was chosen.
98. Wganda Kenya - Combate A Kung Fu (2:43)
What a hassle, especially for Jordan who had to unstrap the tires he was carrying for me in order to get at his bag. The x-ray procedure was completely unsupervised and though we complied, we later listened to stories of those who ‘tricked’ the system and didn’t scan their bags full of (literally) forbidden fruit.
I have been saving up for ages so I could have a sparkly new one (even passing up goodies at the NEC in preference) but the one we got on Good Friday was giving us problems so we took it back last night and they exchanged it .. .. and guess what? Yep .. .. the new one has exactly the same problem.
We need a concrete, definite vocabulary, not vague language like person and humanity, but terms like“Englishman or Englishwoman, Welshman or Welshwoman, Scotsman or Scotswoman or Irishman or Irishwoman”, “boy” and “girl”; land rather than country. They are more specific, convey a solid idea of substance; and get away from the woolly vocabulary that is a cause of our collective loss of touch with reality. This would clarify what we are referring to and make our common intercourse more realistic.
be back in like 25 minutes
“I need to take a break from dancing. I’m exhausted.”
So what does this have to do with Paula Deen? Let me just say: I love Paula Deen. She starts talking, and I just know delicious things are going to happen. I’ll be in Savannah next weekend to be in one of my best friends’ weddings, and the reception will be at Paula Deen’s restaurant. I can’t even talk about how excited I am to eat there.
You see dear comrades here is just the latest peg in that chessboard of WEIRDNESS that we are suppose to somehow accept as “normal.” Now the agenda seems to be that we are suppose to accept sex with animals, beastiality, as “ok” and “just fine.” As nothing WEIRD or STRANGE or SICK! I bet we see more articles like this as this article will embolden the other LUNATICS to come out and tell all about their SEXUAL exploits with ANIMALS. Just watch! This is just the beginning. It’s called desensitization! And we wonder whay the human race is so SCREWED UP and why our country is in such WRECKAGE? No wonder Barack Obama thinks we are a bunch of INBRED IDIOTS in America! Behavior like this does everything to PROVE IT so!
I have a participate page on the Foundations website where I've pledged to dye my hair
"Oh, yes," the jury foreman replied:
After enlightenment chop wood carry water…”
My walk with Christ has also taught me about my mind. In that when a mind is fractured (meaning: when a trauma of some sort occurs) even if I didn’t have perception of that trauma- a wound to the heart also creates a wound to the mind- or a splintering if you will. And a mind without a single eye of focus cannot operate at its optimal ability.
Lady Lillian Bourne is re-entering society after her disastrous elopement four years ago, and has to be the very picture of propriety. But when she finds herself locked in a library with an enigmatic stranger during a party, she risks falling from grace a second time…
Please don't be shy, let me know what you think about these posts. They're soo much fun to put together and I love hearing that you've somehow been inspired. These outfits continue to inspire me. Some of you have shared with me that you've printed pictures to take with you when you shop. LOVE that! Keep the comments coming.
I may scoff, grumble and moan about the state of the music industry right now (Pitbull, I’m looking at you), I may profess that the glory years of the music have well and truly passed, but despite all this, I’m a sucker for a catchy pop songstress.
Separate by stroking with the flat tips of the tweezers, you will soon get to know the feel of more than one leaf or petal stuck together.
and last Tuesday was your three month birthday.
Erfurth EM, Schutz A, Nilsson A, Barregard L, Skerfving S. Normal pituitary hormone response to thyrotrophin and gonadotrophin releasing hormones in subjects exposed to elemental mercury vapour. Br J Ind Med 1990; 47: 639-644.
In writing Regencies, I have a series of books based on a covert governmental group, known as the Realm. A Baloch warlord, who believes that one of Realm has stolen a fist-sized emerald, is hunting them. The first book was originally titled A Touch of Gold. With the Ulysses’ release, the book was changed to The Scandal of Lady Eleanor. Book 2 is called A Touch of Velvet, which is followed by A Touch of Cashémere. I am currently working on Book 4, A Touch of Grace. The first book in my First Wives Club trilogy is also available. Each of the ladies in this series begin their time in Society pretending to be a “widow,” which gives them more status than they would possess if they entered the “marriage mart” as a genteel lady with no connections. And believe it or not, I do have two contemporary romances: Honor and Hope (which is a contemporary romantica based on Pride and Prejudice) and Second Chances: The Courtship Wars (a sweet romance set around a reality TV show). Books 2 and 3 of the Realm series and First Wives’ Club, along with Honor and Hope are slated for release in the next couple of months. Currently, they are available on my website.
I’ve got a small mountain of books that I want to read, some that I’ve started many not. They’re a diverse lot, ranging from academic texts on Roman history, a number of travel books (I love good travel writing), a couple on politics, strategy and diplomacy, and a Le Carre that I picked up on the way to the US which I still haven’t finished. The pile keeps getting bigger!
I've thought about writing about this topic for awhile, and in the past three days I've said the following statement to two different people:
Daily Walks
The cricut cuts were various ones all cut at 2". I used the zebra, bunny, hippo and skunk. My favorite was the skunk. I added some various bling hearts to each image and used pop up dots.
Dr. Mudavanha (the Africentric father figure/mentor who guided me through the obstacle course of my developing racial identity) said all Black Americans should travel to West Africa. When Black Americans visit Africa, it either makes them more African or more American. Can you see yourself living here?
I even got my Holga out and tried some shots with that using my Fish Eye attachment. I would love to try more band photography using the Holga, but its a bit trickier than you think.
When I'm in need of tonalist inspiration, I turn to Inness, Corot, NC Wyeth, Whistler, Streeton, along with many, many others. To bad they're long gone; I wish I coulda seen them work!
Brooklyn Beer Tours will be given every Saturday this summer from June 6 to September 26. Hosted by Urban Oyster, the tour will explore the rise and fall and rise again of the beer brewing industry and how it tells a larger story about the neighborhood of Williamsburg, the borough of Brooklyn, and even the country as a whole.
As always with Encryption, think with your tin foil conspiracy theory hat on — Encryption is only a speed bump to slow down the “bad guys”, not a brick wall to stop them.
shoes - pumice stone
Yup. I've got to get myself on a better schedule and quick! I'm going to be a zombie once school starts if I don't get myself to bed by 1:00 or before.
Its mass indicates that it is probably a rocky planet and has enough gravity to hold on to an atmosphere, according to Steven Vogt, professor of astronomy and astrophysics at the University of California, Santa Cruz, and one of the leaders of the team that discovered the planet.
It's hard for me to believe, but I leave for Ft. Lauderdale this Saturday and I have a million things to do before then. I'm completely torn on what to pack since my footwear is so limited (must be flat, comfortable, and able to withstand Florida temps) which means my go-to boots are out.
Still, I think HTC did a good job of reigning in all the creativity and letting Sense be useful rather than overly beautiful. The camera app is quite wonderful, which I’ll discuss more in a second, and the widgets provided make it easy to customize the One S to suit you specifically. I’m using a pretty bad ass analog clock right now on my main homescreen that I’m quite proud to show off.
On the other hand though, there is nothing wrong with being the kind of woman who wants to maintain herself, especially if she can afford it. To each his own. It was, after all, Coco Chanel, who said, “It is imperative that a woman fixes herself up even if only for the sake of politeness,” or something to that effect. Personally, it was only when I started facing patients that I truly understood what she meant because, these days, one has to always keep in mind that, when a patient looks at his/her doctor, he/she should already feel confident and hopeful that you can treat him/her. A disheveled countenance does not exactly inspire confidence, does it?
1-3 If 6 was 9
We even snuck away for a little ride around the farm.
Choose sobriety, don't let your addiction choose you.
Sigh. On to the lake.
Despite his fondness for booze and cigars, vices he had to give up upon retirement, Cheetah was not a temperamental actor. Still, he wasn’t above hurling poop (his own) at anyone who caused him grief.
2 responsible
Thirsts quenched, we went to Tessuti. Thank heavens for the husband sofas and good reading material because I was about to go a little crazy! I found this gorgeous fabric that reminds me of the rusty fabric my friend Wilma makes by leaving fabric in her back yard in the rain for weeks with washers and steel wool wrapped inside it. Ironically, this fabric is 90% cotton 10% metal. And sheer as anything, but I had to buy it so I could make a skirt out of it. Don't worry - I also bought underlining for it.
I'd like to think there's also a lesson about racism and historical accuracy in there somewhere.
On right-wing blogs yesterday, some members said that they would “prefer the blaze of glory”. Another wrote on the party’s website: “I don’t see a problem with being able to invite members from all ethnic groups. I mean, how many would want to join the BNP anyway?”
~new counters
Speaking of backup plans, sending cards to people has been something I've always enjoyed doing but for quite some time I've been having difficulty finding ones I like. I may be overly picky, but a lot of smaller companies who made clever cards have gone out of business entirely while the big greeting card manufacturers lost the thread long ago. After my last failed attempt to find a birthday card I decided to see if there were any online options and discovered Fine Art America. Considering the fact I can't afford to buy a good printer, never mind the inks and peripherals, it seemed worth a try.
I remember in high school one of my favorite teachers talking to me about what I wanted to do with my life and I said something like, "I don't know... I'll probably end up being a teacher like everyone else in my family." He said, "Don't do that. You're too smart to be a teacher." I don't think he meant that only the dumb should be molding the world's young minds, just that he apparently thought I had gifts that would be better put to use elsewhere. I'm pretty sure he was wrong though.
The mess that’s been made
Although doctor’s are more inclined to stick to traditional non-online methods than other interested customers, the ever-widening generational gap for healthcare workers brings more people online. Medical devices are no longer becoming stand-alone, as an increasing number of machines are utilizing laptops and PC’s to enhance the potential and capability of medical devices. EKG’s can be viewed and printed on bigger laptop screens, data can be transmitted wirelessly through the internet. The list goes on. Although a significant portion of doctor’s may prefer to keep their practice as technology-free as possible, the younger generation is rising up and embracing the courtship of medical device and computer/internet technologies.
Maybe it is. Until you screw someone. Or you find yourself screwed. Sometimes you wish it would stop. All of it. The sportsmanship, the jockeying for positions. But that's the thing: it's in our nature to play the game. To seek to influence others to gain our desires. But we do have a choice in how we play: do we play fairly or do we cheat and lie through the game?
This week, the Heritage Lottery Fund (HLF) is launching a new £1m small grant programme designed to help local communities answer these and countless more questions about their past.
Thanks for visiting and I'll be round to see you soon.
Every leaf on every tree is scribed in holy verse
On October 25, 2006, CDCR reached its all-time-high inmate population of 173,479, more than 200 percent of design capacity in its 33 adult institutions. August 2007 marked the peak of CDCR’s use of non-traditional beds at 19,618 in 72 gyms and 125 dayrooms.
certainly not always. but i've seen enough in my little world to notice a recurring theme. and it's sad.
Don't judge. :)
The change is here.
So smiley and sweet
Hear, hear!
Here’s what AA does tell us about Dr. Bob’s youth. The facts provide an adequate start and framework that can point us toward his early religious years and religious training.
After we did "our" Easter, we went on a family walk around our neighborhood (today was beautiful!) and then got ready for brunch at my mother-in-law's, which was totally decadent and delicious as usual. We spent most of the day in the front yard, Henry chasing bubbles and beach balls, and running around in the grass with his Aunt Brooke. Then later tonight we spent time with Hank's Dad and family and had a great time too. I feel lucky we have so much family surrounding us, and it's days like today I feel extra grateful for them. :)
I invested my precious life in things that I haven’t been asked for. Nobody asked me ‘Dear Iulian, how do you want to live your life? Do you want to help people, make money, maybe go travel the world?’. Nobody did this and there are a lot of reasons to do so.
I’m actually very underwhelmed with what the Ravens did in this year’s draft. Fortunately, they didn’t have a ton of issues that needed fixing. They should cruise to a Wild Card spot in 2012.
A-I = back neck depth = 3” or to taste.
Forest City Ratner owns or controls about 90 percent of the properties in the project footprint; under eminent domain, the remaining properties would be acquired by ESDC and conveyed back to the developer. The project would displace about 60 residential households (5 owner-occupied and 55 rental units), involving about 118 people, and 13 commercial occupants, with about 185 employees. (A homeless shelter, whose residents were not counted in the above totals, would be relocated.) Commercial tenants would get relocation assistance and residential tenants would be offered comparable living space in the project--though there are questions about the terms of that relocation agreement.
–Limiting itemized deductions for incomes above $200,000 and family incomes above $250,000. Total: $400 billion over 10 years;
I just had to share this story in Wired Science today. A physicist named Dmitri Krioukov was faced with a court hearing because he supposedly ignored a stop sign. In response to this he actually wrote a paper called The Proof of Innocence, in which he explains that the police officer believed he saw him running a stop sign, when in fact this was not the case.
Will it turn me into a bloke? With rippling muscles? And deplete my oestrogen levels?
I fail at holding back and he fails at staying in his own lane, guess that's what makes us good together ya know? All about knowin what works.
Likes her Joe (and her man?) black, her chocolate dark and her food spicy.
Some weeks I get a bit of time but most weeks it is just a matter of squeezing it into what precious moments I have, sometimes not till 8:30 at night. It is not easy having 3 young children, and having them quite close in age is even more exhausting in that I have really just had babies or been pregnant for the last 5 years. I am feeling like possibly things are going to get a little easier soon with one child soon to start school and one child having another day at daycare. Of course Jack will be a toddler soon though and drop to one sleep so I'm not really sure if I will have much more time!!!
Mmmmm, pretty bright, huh? And this is just a small peek carefully editing out the important parts that would give away the project. Sorry, but you'll have to wait on this one.
Lisa Congdon blew my head off with creativity when I first discovered her 2010 book A Collection a Day. I find her to be a true renaissance artist as she is a fine artist and illustrator, but also a curator and social scientist who makes us look at what we love and what we need to hold onto in this world. She makes me keep my eyes open wider.
For Andre. He was their man.
then I had a dark lid
Stamp: "Audrey with a heart" & "AJ with heart banner" from The Stamping Boutique
X Copy of permit(s);
Property owners tend to invest in condominiums, individual houses and industrial properties. They might disregard the importance of having their properties secured as a result of any motive known best to them. Someday whenever they take time out to have a genuine think about it, it’s possible that they may find their premises appears to have been burgled. What happens if they did not get their properties insured?
“Yeah. We all are,” Chris said.
...is the month when I really need to just accept that I'm not going to get anything much done, and get over it! With the madness of Christmas over, I always have this silly idea that I'll be able to get cracking on some creative stuff. But with January comes the searing heat that just seems to suck all my energy, and makes it impossible to spend much time outside, and school holidays don't end until the beginning of February. So much of my time is spent trying to keep munchkins amused indoors, while simultaneously trying to limit the time spent in front of the TV. And get the housework done!
Dyanne: I was working a show in Las Vegas. The gal I was working with, we went on to do our own show together that we called, Thomas & Thorne. All the while we were doing our show she was always saying to me, “I”ve got a guy you’ve gotta meet!”
Let me give you the client perspective on planners. It goes something like this:
3. Scooby-Doo, Where Are You!: (First aired 1969, ran until 1972) Who can forget America's favorite Scooby-snack loving, easily frightened, affectionate Great Dane dog and his four fun-loving mystery-solving pals? Scooby-Doo, Where Are You! was the first incarnation of the long-running Saturday morning cartoon Scooby-Doo. Each episode involved Scooby and his four teenage pals, affectionately called "the gang," solving a super-natural mystery. Scooby and Shaggy were the somewhat clumsy, "fraidy cats" of the group, while Daphne was the damsel in distress, and Fred and Velma were usually the brains of the operation. These five personalities were combined to create a show that, despite its antiquity, is still being embraced today.
And after much pleading and begging I allowed the children to go out to the porch to see. And then before I knew it they were in the grass begging to try to catch it. Well, I had seen how fast the other bunnies had scrambled across the street so I was sure I had nothing to worry about. Okay, I said. Go ahead and try to catch it.
Monday: I planned for a 5 mile run, but I wasn’t feeling well. I ended up running only 1.5 miles and then walked my loop for 3 miles for a total 4.5 miles. I thought I could have been feeling sick because it turned out to be a hot day and I wasn’t really prepared for it or left over from my food poisoning.
I'm not just the me you see
“We don’t target people for free speech. We target them for taking action that threatens Americans,” said Blair.
“…but with your history we thought it best to have you come back in so that we can ensure proper care begins immediately…”
And I slept, because the pills also make me sleepy.
But for Adam no suitable helper was found…. Then the LORD God made a woman from the rib he had taken out of the man, and he brought her to the man. The man said,
Alternative Ancestries
Each of these tasks deserves a post – so more on each later.
Back to the shiny new baby. He is everything a shiny new baby is. Gorgeous, snuggly, sweet, smells of newborn and oh so clean. Clean car seat, clean pram, clean fingers.
“Grandma, thank you. Isn’t Pearl Harbor Day December 7?”
“I'll do my best,” he said.
Ever played Chinese Whispers when you were a kid? I used to love that game. The end was usually something completely nuts and hilarious. If you don’t know about the game then I’ll quickly explain; basically, you sit in a group of people and the first person whispers something into the second persons ear. Whatever the second person hears, they pass it on to the next person and they pass it on to the next person, so on and so forth until it comes to the last person who says whatever was whispered in their ear out loud. The fun of the game comes from the fact that words are so easily misunderstood, misheard and changed as they go round so you can start the game with the first person saying “I love apples, they’re my favourite fruit” and it can end with the last person saying “I hate acorns, they smell like Zeus.” See how it’s changed so drastically?
So, I give her my chin. It makes her happy. I first dip my face in bourbon and then let her go to town. Kidding, kidding.
Hotel: We stayed in a perfect room in the Hotel Saint Petersbourg. It was very centrally located, close to transportation and near the Paris Opera House (which made my 8th grade self giddy to think about the Phantom of the Opera). The main room was large enough for all of our beds and suitcases, and the bathroom was huge. Max loved the extra large bathtub, and both kids enjoyed yelling "Bon jour!" at people walking by the building from the balcony of our room. The staff of the hotel was also super-friendly with the kids, and Max felt like he owned the place, singing his favorite songs from "Yo Gabba Gabba" in the lobby of the building. The room key was kept by the hotel staff, so it was extra large and weighted, which was pretty unique in the age of key cards.
Would it change the way you love your children?
Sitting is definitely not good, either, and I find myself spending a LOT more time laying on the couch than I normally would. On the other hand, all of this ‘not working out’ time has forced me to be majorly productive. Over the weekend I looked into rolling over my pension plan from my old job into an individual account (the verdict is that I can’t do it until I pay off the loan I took from it), looked into finding a credit union, read a lot and updated my goals. I even opened the Japanese book I’ve been meaning to work from since January. Time. I has it.
So here is our list for 11.1.11 (isn't that a cool day!) And they are in no particular order, by that I mean that I didn't ask my family to tell me the #1 thing they are thankful for today, I just asked them to list something...
But at least this airport has wireless access.
District of Columbia, and on tribal and federal lands.* When analyzing your stalking statute, please
But I digress. I was on the topic of evil.
After everyone packed up and headed home to deal with their own ceiling drips, I put our Little Explorers to bed while The International Man of Intrigue finished bailing the water on the floor. While we did the dishes, we remarked that, even though it wasn’t your typical dinner party, it sure was funny.
Uday Chopra
There are many ways to listen to your iPod or iPhone but a little known product is available to enhance your listening experience and make waking up in the morning more pleasant. Alarm clocks! You can now integrate your devices with your new bedside companion and kick your old “buzzer” to the curb.
If we are going to ever have a conversation about racism then let’s have a conversation about racism. Talking about why we should talk about racism just doesn’t cut it. That ranks right up there with talking about arresting somebody who killed an unarmed teenager and yet the police told him to have a good day as he walked away. People need to want that conversation about race instead of pretending that racism is just a ghost story from our unenlightened past. It’s nothing to fear. And the longer we put it off the longer it will take for America to heal the wounds that we have suffered all in the name of racism and the continued subjugation of people of color.
Getting away from the crazy shoppers and parties in London and having a fun family Christmas with Aunts, Uncles and Cousins made it an occasion we all remember.
Many comments have been written in support of what this man did. They cheer for his violent and disturbing act of publicly berating his daughter and shooting her property, because they say Hannah deserved it for writing such a nasty letter. They hail is as "parenting done right." I disagree wholeheartedly. She had obviously been given many reasons to write that letter, and her father's video only proves that her discontent is justified.
This cake was fun and pretty straight forward. I cut out the shuttles freehand and made a hole so that the thread can thread through. I made the incomplete lace with a real shuttle and wind the remaining thread on the ones made with gumpaste. After the needles dried, I had to thread it. My hands were trembling when I did that. I was afraid that the thread might break the needle. It's a relief that it didn't happen. I used silver dragees and sprinkles to represent beads. I don't think it would be wise of me to try replicating beads using gumpaste. That would have killed me. The most daunting part was winding the yarn to cover the lump of gumpaste. The gumpaste was first colour-matched with the yarns and painstakingly wound. After the first 2, I sort of gave up. Doing this at 2 a.m. sent me seeing stars.
As i spoke to one of them, he said that, whilst Herman is old, clunky, hard to drive and smells of petrol, he was part of the our heritage, and valued for that reason. Strange words really, for a mechanic. But very true: we are only what we are because of what once was.
Surfrider Foundation is a non-profit organisation dedicated to the protection and enhancement of Australia’s oceans, waves and beaches for all people, through CARE: Conservation, Activism, Research and Education. For more information, to get involved or to volunteer, Please email info@surfrider.org.au .
Tickets are available for purchase by clicking here. The more you give, the more chances there are to win: $10 will get you one ticket, $25 will get you three tickets, and $50 will get you ten tickets.
1 oils
A: Two. One to change it, and another to secretly videotape what’s happening.
To Mr. Mojito...
There are those who are diehard cat people. Sometimes, their personalities mimic those of the royal aloof feline. And when I say royal, I mean royal. How many of us have someone at our beck and call 24/7 to feed, pet and clean our bathroom?
1 setting
I didn’t become violent or dangerous, but, thinking back, I was zealous to the point of being jealous, I was religious and did everything demanded of me. Given the right environment, the proper circumstances, with leaders who advocated violence, who knows what I would have done? The conditions in Jerusalem were right for the militant Jews of Asia to come in and stir the people to violence.
I've decided to take Courtney's Valentine's Day Challenge. If you're interested, please click the photo below.
There will also be extra tit-bits of info when I remember to mention them.
And the Book Frog provides us with a picture diary in the form of a "Liquidation Diary", posing the question "What in the world would cause people to make such a mess, do you suppose?"
But the reality is that often the things we create or are creating are no where close to "perfect." The house is often messy and the relationships can be messy too sometimes. Even when we feel we get something just the way we want it, life can suddenly turn it upside down and "mess it up."
And, we've lost a lot of data.
You might notice I've evenly mixed my tangerine squares while my neutrals are still in their individual colour stacks (just lumped on top of each other). This way my tangerine fabrics will be evenly distributed among the neutrals in my HST units. (I didn't want all of one orange fabric ending up sewn to the one neutral.) Then I could just grab from the top of each stack without thinking about it.
A break finally came in the late 1990s when a socially conservative Democratic member of the Georgia House (a peach and pecan farmer with an anti-utility, populist voting record), discovered that his land was contaminated by gasoline leaking from an interstate petroleum pipeline. He sued and won a handsome legal settlement, and sparked the first eminent domain reform legislation, a measure that required petroleum pipeline firms to meet higher standards than other agencies exercising condemnation power. In a legislative test of that reform several years later the legislature rejected a rollback. This is not a typical Georgia pattern; reforms are often gutted a few years after they are enacted, after some powerful interest needs the reform to go away.
On one hand, this position would look great on my resume. I’d be an editor and would also supervise freelance writers. Did I also mention that the office is literally right down the street from the beach?
This recipe used both whole milk and buttermilk with the common ingredients of flour, sugar, salt, baking powder, eggs, and of course pecans. The recipe stated to sprinkle the pecans on the waffle batter but I just mixed them into the batter. Also, the recipe calls for 2 teaspoons vanilla extract, but I only used 1 teaspoon.
She added: ‘We can’t have equality in work, if we don’t have equality in the home.’
I never thought I would pursue a career in travel writing. I started as a carry-on baggage brought by my father into his travel destinations. Imagine George Clooney’s corporate downsizer character from the 2009 movie “UP IN THE AIR” plus a kid who loved sitting right next to the airplane’s window.
A few songs later, Eric Clapton shows why people wrote “Clapton is God” on subway walls. While I do not agree with that statement as theology, the guy could really play the guitar (again, another one in his early 20s in those days). I speed up the treadmill, close my eyes, and drift to other worlds, listening to the live Sitting On Top Of The World, followed by the more familiar classic, Crossroads.
1) Hollow Chocolate Bunnies of the Apocalypse by Robert Rankin
He lives in the Eternal City – otherwise known as Rome, Italy. Rome is indeed a beautiful city filled with the old and the new. Just so you understand, the old is actually the ancient, and the new is more correctly called … the not-ancient.
Cardstock: Core'dinations
Invaded by thoughts,that never die out;
January 2, 20112 ~ 3rd homestudy visit
I treasure all of mine they have made for me.
Judith posts regular Weekly Photo Challenge images, along with thought-provoking pieces of writing. Be sure to follow along with her readers’ comments, too, as they are always inspiring! (She also has a sister blog called Touch2Touch which interconnects photos and philosophy and poetry and spirituality with great finesse.)
Began 1/15 - 156.5 pounds
Sure-- that would be great.
Obama’s scripted speeches are slanted distortions. Realities are turned upside down. Acts of war are heralded as peace-making operations…
pour the sauce over the eggplant
Sort of makes me want to love him more.
I have been able to spend more time with my friend, Andrea and her children. Andrea has been a great friend to me for over 30 years and I am so glad we have been able to enjoy each other's company more often.
But, alas, I am not as wise
I really wanted to like this beer but it had nothing there to save it apart from its ability to maintain carbonation for a prolonged period of time.
I see other goons try to fake it
Scarlett Johannson has denied that she’s carrying Sean Penn’s baby and I, for one, believe her. The bulge in her belly could have many innocent explanations, such as a bout of dropsy or too many side orders of potato wedges. She might even be hiding a gopher beneath her sweater like a mommy kangaroo. Most actresses go through a sentimental phase about animals. We gorillas will always remember the visit of Daryl Hannah, who approached our hairy community like a girl in search of a piggy-back ride. A kindly female patted her on the head and gave her some roots to chew.
Does that make it a bad contract? Not necessarily. It just makes it that much more vital that the Angels take advantage of the next five to six years.
of his neck,
We hope everyone will have a great Sun Run. We’ll be running the Mini with the kids all clad in our “Distance Runwear” shirts so say “Hi” if you see us on route. Come by the shop afterwords and find yourself a little reward for your hard work.
I’ll do my best to keep it updated with all of our events.
Private claimants’ reliance on Ankron and De Aldecoa is misplaced. These cases did not have the effect of converting the whole of Boracay Island or portions of it into agricultural lands. It should be stressed that the Philippine Bill of 1902 and Act No. 926 merely provided the manner through which land registration courts would classify lands of the public domain. Whether the land would be classified as timber, mineral, or agricultural depended on proof presented in each case.
Jefferson and Civil Liberties: The Darker Side, Leonard Levy
Alien Undead Chapter 5
What is tricky about curriculum and school planning for homeschooling parents is that there are so many choices! It can be tough to winnow out the chaff and find the good stuff without being distracted by all the options. Teachers in school generally have curricula decided for them along with standards goals and a scope and sequence to follow. They have to plan lessons to meet the needs of a large amount of children and figure out appropriate pacing. I only have 2 children (so far) that I am working with at home and the larger battle for me personally is making decisions about what I want to cover and which programs I want to use. I am required by VA to give them a competitive education but there is flexibility in what I specifically want to cover and when especially in social studies and science in the elementary years.
(Note: price may vary by availability and how willing the gnome brewer is to sell to non-humans)
I started off with an 8 x 10 canvas and some acrylic paint. I watered down my paint till it was quite thin and painted a wash over the entire canvas.
From Salisbury there came a Missionary(l) who went to Chishawasha and said to
“As for the Pope, I am too old to be frightened by his shadow, and am quite sure his shadow or Substance will do less harm to the liberties of my country than will a party, who seek to acquire political power by exciting religious bigotry in the minds of their duped followers.” Ezra Cornell
Oh! Frosty the Traveler, turned beet red and danced about
I had also made my pistachio Cream Puffs and a Toasted Coconut Cake the night before
Chinese Red Dates, 5 pcs
AW the Alchemist should also ensure that he makes a defensive signing a major priority next season. Till then we have to make do with what we have. Koscielny, the Squisha, young Miquel and African Blondie Song….to the detriment of our midfield.
AT-A-BOY! Good work. Keep pushing your concepts and solutions. Don’t let the lack of technology or a specific skill keep you from accomplishing your goals. That is what this assignment is all about!
Heat 1 or 2 tablespoons of oil in a large pan, over a medium heat and add the ginger, chilli and garlic. Cook for a few seconds then add in the vegetables. Cook for 2 or 3 minutes until slightly softened but not mushy. Stir in the soy and vinegar and season with a little salt & black pepper, taste for seasoning. Set aside to cool.
A couple of weeks ago be bought a new car.... for me!! It's a 2011 Infiniti Q56, black with black interior and its freaking huge!! It seats 7 comfortably. I used to drive a small car and this is sooo different for me. I can drive it, but I have to admit that I have popped a few curbs. :-) I love it though and we are going to keep it forever... and hopefully fill it with kids. :-)
Two year 3 classes from Carfield Primary School came to the CLC this term to animate their own short stories. Each group wrote a script, designed their set and brought toys and props to animate. They spent the morning using I Can Animate to create the animations, and the afternoon editing the films in Windows Movie Maker to add sound and titles.
things running on schedule.
Ali’s dream was to become a police officer. However, due to her illness she was unable to be hired as a police officer. So instead, Ali became a reserve officer for the Creek County Sheriff’s Department ( Oklahoma ) Ali worked as a police officer and she did it without being paid. Ali also worked full time in the Jail and quite often in their Transportation Division.
I’m not knocking you if you’re happy and found your niche and your players are enjoying the hell out o’ your games and shit! That’s awesome and a success… but don’t let fear of failure or ridicule prevent you from making monsters up! Or creating your own world! Or trying something “weird” or new! Just do it..
Here's a really exciting announcement I've been dying to make!
TEE HEE!
I will survive – and easily could survive – on my excess bulk until well after Christmas as my waistline disappeared right after Halloween. There really is something to this bulking up for winter theme – I can walk around my virtually un-insulated house without shivering constantly. Think of the money we’ll save without me bumping up the thermostat from 65 to 75 degrees (which would be necessary if I was skinny). There is no need to buy bulky sweaters and wear them all at once, making me look like the Michelin tire man. I now look like the Michelin man anyway.
Miami has a lot of Chinese take out places but very few eat ins and only TWO dim sum restaurants. One of them (the closer but by no means close to us) has subpar food at an OK price. The other one, in South Beach, has great food at exorbitant prices. Needles to say, we never have dim sum (OK we did twice and that's how we know what the food and prices are like). That is really, really, really sad considering Miami is supposed to be a melting pot. Sure, it's a melting pot....of Hispanic cuisine! I can get that at home thank you very much!
Every spring and summer my neighbor's home is surrounded by blooming color. Their home reminds me of the old plantations homes in the grand south. I have spent many wonderful times on the terrace sharing good food and fun with good people. Remembering good times made for "A Painting Day".
It was very annoying and caused scheduling turmoil with my job and social life. And it was emotionally challenging to stay positive and to feel like myself. I felt I was very high maintenance for my fiancé and life partner. He was my hair preservationist, my dietitian, my chef, my attendant, my emotional support and my will to keep going. The process is very hard on the caregiver. I learned who my true friends were, what love can really overcome, and I will never EVER sweat the small stuff again!
The hundreds of hours that went into soliciting material, creating content, editing, designing, laying out and overseeing production are our donation to this true labor of love. Wish we could offer the issue to contributors free of charge, but we’re not in a position to cover the production and shipping expenses out of pocket. We welcome and appreciate everyone’s contribution of time, effort and resources to make this project a reality.
Designing Stage
So I shall just skip my words now and show you guys the pictures with description of it~
On the other side of this trip I can say a few things about travel.
“We are at Masjid Jamek. Nurul Izzah, Ambiga giving speech in a jeep” my brother text me.
People are always shocked that he is 14 months. They say, oh, but he's so tall. Well he looks tall. Because he is ridiculously skinny. People say, oh, he looks so grown up. Because he has no baby fat.
With coils of shadow, I would tightly bind
Richard Foan, managing director of ABCe, said: “Innovation in digital continues apace. Almost 300 companies are now part of ABCe and the delivery of industry approved standards for digital measurement. “These globally applied standards are already used by Nielsen, comScore, Google, Omniture, Webtrends, Nedstats and many other analytics providers of course. “These standards were first delivered in 1997 and have been regularly reviewed and evolved ever since, to ensure they continue to be relevant to our industry as it evolves”
The next morning I loaded my car up with several cases of the Dogfish Head IPA, a couple of another beer of theirs, Raison D’Être, and a six pack of New Belgium Brewery’s Fat Tire. Keeping an eye out for Smokey and singing “East bound and down, loaded up and trucking” I felt like Jerry Reed in Smokey and the Bandit. I smuggled my load of beer from Texas across the Louisiana line all the way to our Arnaudville brewery. There are still some cooling in the beer fridge now, tempting me still to forgo brushing my teeth before bed tonight.
And we come to part 2 of the bumper post. This took place last night, and utilised some of my newest projects..I really should post one of my projects in it's own right.
Recently at the Church of Christ the King, where the pentecostalists feed the poor on a Monday (with preaching), I met a lady who had only recently started going to the church. I explained to her that the Catholic Church teaches that the bread and the wine become the true Body and Blood of Our Lord and she replied that none of her Catholic friends had told her that. I told her that the Catholic Church teaches Our Lady to be the 'new Eve' as Our Lord is the 'new Adam'. She replied that none of her Catholic friends knew that.
Our April is jam packed with stuff to do. The first and last weekend we have weddings. The second (this past weekend) was my Dad's birthday. This weekend is the March for Babies for the March of Dimes and next weekend is Easter. It's nice to be busy, but sometimes I just want to lay around and do nothing, you know!?
For the last two years, I have purchased my winter coats in the middle of Summer. Last year I planned it that way as I know that its sensible to browse on ebay for out of season garments if you want a bargain. This year it was accidental and actually one of the hottest days of the year! I saw this on a stall for a bargainous 30 quid at War and Peace. How do you like my 1950s faux leopard fur swing coat?
I’m pretty sure it’s for candles, but I thought a plant would fit nicely inside of it. As if it were fate, I also found little terracotta pots at Goodwill. So, I brought them home too and re-potted one of my plants in it to complete the look:
This would be a good one for the whole family. Even though there are a good number of fight scenes, there is very little gore. Great for a matinee on a day that is just too darn hot and humid and sticky to be outside without dehydrating and burning to a crisp.
We have been buoyed by support from across the country. We hope you can join us in our fight for survival!
When I was but a newly hatched larval engineer at a major defense electronics contractor, a mentor systems engineer gave me a reprint of an article from Defense Electronics magazine for August 1979, by Norman Augustine, the CEO of Martin Marietta (now part of Lockheed - most of us call them Lock-Mart these days, your one-stop defense supermarket - watch for the flashing blue light special on cruise missiles…). The article covered what's now called Augustine's Laws. I see they are out in book form: and some of them have been excerpted by Political Calculations blog, but the version I have has a mere 15 laws.
I thought I might be able to sell an old VHS video cam. Yeah, again, the more I thought about it, who would really want it? And how much could I really get for it? Totally not worth the time investment. It will be taken to my local Best Buy store with my old digital camera and disc man to be recycled.
“Is it more pronounced now? As your bone grew, I’m sure it got more pronounced.”
Villains make or break an action movie. Chris Hemsworth is a good Thor, but the film’s claim to fame is its villain, Loki (Tom Hiddleston). Loki, the trickster god, has a plan up his sleeve to overtake his father Odin’s throne and be King of Asgard. Superb acting and an impressive visual appearance of Asgard make the film memorable.
1 head of fennel (about 2 cups), sliced (optional)
The mom struggled with a bottle in one hand and her fork in another but only momentarily. Wordlessly, her husband appeared from the other side of the table, removed the bottle from her hand, and nodded in the direction of the place he had been seated. She swapped seats with him and proceeded to eat her lunch in peace while he proceeded to feed the baby in the pram, bottle, dinner in a dish he removed from the baby bag, et all.
On Thursday CY, AW, the local Korean Missionary SK, and his team, visited some of the poorest orphanages, including one in the poorest sections of Haiti, Cite Soleil, which literally means Sun City. Cite Soleil is THE poorest part of Haiti, originally a shanty town, and now just an area of debris since the earthquake has basically decimated what was already a marginally livable place. It is known to be one of the most dangerous slums in the northern hemisphere, and anywhere between 200,000 to 400,000 live there, mostly young adults and children. To paint a picture of how unloved and untouched by outside organizations this place is, Cite Soleil did not receive any assistance for a whole two weeks after the earthquake. No one wanted to go there; people were scared to go there, so Cite Soleil's people were the forgotten in Haiti.
291 13. Interview of George Anastaplo by John K. Wilson. Evergreen, Hyde Park Cooperative Society, Chicago, Illinois, November 1997, pp. 8-9.
Described in those terms, it looks a little nuts. Well, frankly, I have no idea what it looks like to others, but to me, that profile describes something I wouldn’t personally be signing up for, if I had the choice.
"The Finest of Wheat".
We continue to monitor gypsum prices following the announcement by several of the major gypsum producers in late September-early October that they would be ceasing job quotes immediately and increasing prices by 35% in January 2012; see Sharp Rise in Gypsum Prices Likely in New Year. For the time being, prices settled back in November, down a 0.4%, following a 3.0% rise in October — the month of the announcement. A 35% spike would raise price gypsum prices well above their long term trend, to levels last seen near the peak of the housing cycle in 2006. However, prices may not rise the full amount. While four of the manufacturers have indicated that they will raise their prices by 35%, the other four are yet to announce their intentions. Thus, there may be some horse trading, with these four proposing more modest price increases of 15-20% in an effort to gain market share. Nevertheless, gypsum prices will rise sharply in the new year, which will increase the cost of housing construction in what is already a very difficult market for home builders.
11/9 – Warehouse – La Crosse, WI
“stunning debut thriller........harrowing.....the best self-published book I’ve read”
4 oz. mini mozzarella balls
Sometimes I actually select auto everything, because I can. You know if you have to get that shot and you have very little time to do so. Mostly I can pretty much judge exposure settings but if something diverts my attention, I’ll select auto.. then it’s the cameras fault…
The main problem though, is that they just don't have very good language skills. You can tell them and tell them things and they just don't listen. It can be very frustrating.
People at Work – Presentation 1 by Mark Greene
If you would like to have one in your garden, please visit the following link for vendors:
Today is the day that hopefully kills the ongoing, and confusing, inside joke between Fabio and Ewic. This movie is kind of a sequel to the movie I reviewed yesterday, but they never mention that movie at all, acting as if it never happened. Just like the rest of humanity. The only thing today’s movie has in common with yesterday’s movie is its diminutive star and the setting. Let’s see how it went in my review of the sixth and final (so far) movie in the series, Leprechaun: Back 2 tha Hood, written and directed by Steven Ayromlooi, and starring Warwick Davis, Tangi Miller, Laz Alonso, Page Kennedy, Sherrie Jackson, Donzaleigh Abernathy, Shiek Mahmud-Bey, Willie C. Carpenter, Keesha Sharp, and Sticky Fingaz.
Albert Finney (Under the Volcano)
Unless I'm talking to myself, that is. I usually repeat everything I write out loud as I type it, or perhaps just before.
Needless to say, after rewriting the opening scene, I dived into editing again. Man, it felt amazing. It felt so damn good to be immersing myself back into my own world and story. I had to drag myself out of it whenever Abby woke, but it was just so damn good to be back.
This can lead to aberrations like the 627,448 words of Carcosa (my 2009 NaNoNovel) that I typed up between November '09 and January '11, most of which are completely useless for anything other than cannibalization but were fun to do anyway. That monstrosity grew from the 1999 short story I of the Storm, which had the unique twist of the narrator undergoing transdimensional personality transplant and liking it immensely. I still like the general idea and did a buttload of worldbuilding for it, so I may try it again. That might be a good place for one of my patented themed-short-story groups.
Climategate II has taken a very chilling turn. One that to my mind raises far greater issues than the idiocy of AGW and the great hoodwink. The Obama administration's criminal division of the Justice Department sought and executed search warrants against Wordpress, the blogging software company that hosts several of the blogs where the anonymous "FOIA" posted a link to the zipfile that contained the second batch of incriminating emails from Mann and the boys. Worse, it participated in a physical raid and seizure at home of
Beat the cream cheese, melt 1c. of the chocolate chips in the microwave, beat into the cream cheese. Fold in the whipped cream.
I just read about your incredible feat (no pun intended). I am a pastor and have a passion for communicating to my church that big dreams are accomplished by small steps. I have tried to imagine what your first step to walking around the world must have been like. In my opinion, your first step was the most important. Can you share with me, and my congregation what motivated you to take that first step? What importance do you put on that first step? How would you compare what you did with anyone wanting to make a big change in their life?
Acts 4:29-30 “29 Now, Lord, consider their threats and enable your servants to speak your word with great boldness. 30 Stretch out your hand to heal and perform signs and wonders through the name of your holy servant Jesus.”
Jazz singer
I can understand wanting to give Pegasus to Perseus to help him complete his mission even though in fact (yes fact even though it's a myth) what he was given was winged sandals and Pegasus didn't appear till after he had killed Medusa. (Pegasus springing from her neck after her head was severed). It makes a better image to have Perseus ride through the air on a winged horse.
This is a good time to shave the Parmesan (which is not the way we usually do it, but The Pioneer Woman is a genius, and I trust her, too.).
And thus I shuffle...
I’m sitting here at the American Center for Educational Exchange after a long day interviewing Chinese PhD candidates who want funding to go to America, with a distinguished (much moreso than me) binational panel. What the young people we interviewed want to study ranges from U.S. public health policy to the Constitution to Derrida and translations of Chinese literary anthologies. Luckily we got good deli sandwiches (where’d they get those?! I haven’t seen a deli sandwich since August months) and a bottomless coffee pot.
TREAT: For the figures, I used a photograph I had taken at an art festival. They were walking the wrong way, so I reversed the image on the computer. Both were looking the same direction - at an exhibit, at the show - and at first I drew them that way. But then I thought it would be better to have the guy intent to get where they were going, and the gal to be distracted. So I returned to the original photo where his face was actually facing that direction, and it worked! I ended up throwing Eber's philosophy out the window and spending so much more time on the figures than I had on the initial sketch of the environment. My thought was that the two figures up close would be more detailed (but not too detailed) as would be the close-up tree, which I enhanced, and everything else would be mostly lost in the fog.
B.I.O.N.I.C was featured in a national guidance publication of the American School Counselors Association several years ago (personal communication; see http://www.schoolcounselor.org/index.asp).
The title I have chosen for this blog is “Open Parentheses”. Yes, I realize that my URL is “closeparentheses”, but “openparentheses” was sadly taken by a user who does not have a single post.
I have children in my class who were already friends because they went to preschool together. I have the twins who are the best of friends. There are a few who have found it easy to make friends because they have something in common; maybe siblings together in another grade, or maybe because the live in the same apartment building and have seen each other in the elevator.
and many Noahs too,
I laid there and held you until you fell asleep, and you poured all these emotions out. And I remember thinking what kind of a woman could do this to a man like you, and you didn’t deserve this at all.
The rest of the letter is at the link.
Sharpie white paint pen and googly eyes
I hope this inspires brides to DIY; make each and every item “your own”. This was my way of setting the tone for the wedding (which I started with the Save the Dates), and I must say, set the tone I did.
So what, you ask, are some of these awesome and awfully immature methods for bringing myself to giggles? Oh, I am so glad you asked!
I can't believe it has been almost 4 months since I last posted. There has been a lot happen in that time so I will try to give you all the news.
Anti-masonry as political protest: Fascist attitudes to Freemasonry in
About 40 years ago, I remember a rocking chair she was working on — Kathy was getting ready for her first baby. Kathy would hold the baby (Danielle) in her arms and sing Put Your Head on My Shoulder – she sang it better than Paul Anka. Her voice was strong and pure and she had perfect pitch. Later I learned that Kathy’s mother had been an singer. Clearly the voice was gifted to Kathy as well. When I think about her, I hear music. She had music in the house, the car, singing to her grandchildren. I think of the various songs she sang. And happily, I recall the operas we saw together at the Met. Kathy introduced me to Turandot. Beautiful memories I have of her — all with voices soaring to the Heavens.
This is an unusual experience for me in my life. Often I create lots of feelings of conditional love around me. Like I’m on trial. They are waiting for me to fuck up and let me know that their love has a cap on it and a time limit. Or so is my experience from my damaged space that love has limits. The truth is that if I do not have the courage to listen with purity and no agenda then how can I ever find the courage to know that I also have the right to speak with no backlash. I feel that I need to consciously shift both simultaneously but that somehow the second will shift more naturally once I can actually listen from a place of love, thus opening up the space to be heard as well, when appropriate. Not out of some weird manipulative game, but more out of the simple laws of nature and peace. If I don not allow full open expression from others, how can I tolerate it in myself?
I nodded. There was little more I could learn here. "Very well." Standing, I felt a tug at the bottom of my tunic.
The new sports centre, planned to be open in 2011, would be funded by a combination of cash from the sale of the existing site, using council funds that would otherwise have to be spent on repairs to the sports centre and other buildings running into millions of pounds, and other council capital budgets.
And crowned with a thousand shields of gold.
“They found cancer…” came out in one gush of breath, as if I had been punched in the stomach.
7) SNP councils will directly involve social enterprises in drafting a full social enterprise strategy for each area.
Palm Springs- ride bikes, picnic in the grass, outdoor movie at the ace, skinny dip in the pool at night.
State Education Commissioner Deborah Gist is slated to address a Joint Session of lawmakers after the Memorial Day Holiday.
Lucien is trying to convince me today is a "special" day at Kindergarten so he gets to go to school naked. He's pretty adamant about it. I don't want to think too hard about what kind of person wants to show up in a public place naked because I have to raise that kind of person for a long time yet.
I like my name better. Dopp-le-gang-er sounds like a Harry Potter character or something.
3 cups of fresh cranberries (frozen would work too, but you may need to increase the baking time)
Stations of the Cross
I've never felt the glittering rush of wind
