Thanks for your recipe, Jordana!
My brother likes driving. He currently has a job delivering for an auto-parts/hardware store. He puts in about a hundred kilometers a day. His part-time weekend gig is driving limousines. At the time of this tale, he would volunteer to drive from the base of the Bruce Peninsula, all the way to St. Paul, Minnesota, to pick up parts needed urgently at his firm. A day out, stay the night in a motel, and the next day back. He made that run at least three times. He also would drive 2 hours to Toronto, pick up freight at the airport, and drive 2 hours home. He has probably driven every mile of I-75, from the top of Michigan, to Miami. Not all in the same day, although I went with him twice and shared the driving. We got on at Detroit, and 24 hours later, we were just west of Tampa. He’s put on a lot of miles, and been a lot of places, but culturally, he’s never left home.
Daily Lounge has The Two Faces of Eve, Torchwood, the sinister and sexy sci-fi drama airing on BBC America, has taken the United States by storm. "I had the pleasure of sitting down with Eve Myles, who co-stars with John Barrowman and Gareth David-Lloyd as Gwen Cooper."
KGB
"Probably," he laughed. "What's that noise?"
Yup, it was three-and-a-half months ago (21/10/11 – 23/10/11). Last year, in fact. This post was too close to being finished to discard, though, and too far away from being finished to tempt me to actually finish it. Ah well. Let’s get it over with now, shall we?
2. Stories can be tasteful and funny. It’s true! The one about his awkwardness with girls is great, the one about when he met her he was really more interested in her best friend isn’t.
Josh had a nose job (or sinus surgery) yesterday and we’re hoping he’ll be breathing easier from here on out.
Cook –
How cute would these be filled with cookies or strawberry gummies, and used as placecards for a picnic dinner?!
Author's Price - softcover books:
I took these pictures outside so that you can see the pretty teal color of the pants, which ordinarily doesn't show up very well with flash lighting indoors.
Destiny of the Republic: A Tale of Madness, Medicine and the Murder of a President by Candice Millard (Random House - Doubleday)
Bad Things, Jace Everett (yeah, that song from True Blood, but c'mon, it's awesome)
Op.one – UP DOWN (I remember downloading this single on a complete and utter whim and when I’d finally listened to it, I had felt like I’d hit the jackpot haha, this song is just such a feel good pop rock song.)
Utter filth!
And yes, I’m skipping around. Bare with me – I wrote these down as I walked around and thought of them and I didn’t feel like rearranging. :)
“We also need everyone in the industry to aspire to excel, to seize the opportunities the country presents and to make the most of the rich resources available.”
Tom wasn’t really going anywhere in life. That’s what his mother, guidance counselor, and older sister always told him. His mother, lovely affectionate woman that she was, would tell him to get his head out of his ass and quit with the goddamn cartoons because they weren’t getting him anywhere. His guidance counselor had told him most students that wanted to get into college took an English class senior year. His sister shredded all the art school brochures that came in his name to the house before he could see them. Tom only applied to one college, if he didn’t get in he figured he could pump gas at Sunoco. John was ecstatic to see him on campus that first day, he said he didn’t know Tom had even applied to college.
Later the Bosticks lived in the Willacoochee area in Berrien County.
Or a role play involving executive wear. Alright, quit it. Quit boasting I have a hot partner. =P
As a Government&Politics student I get to know about different things, politically speaking, around the world. I must say that I find the course amazing but there are also some things that really annoy me.
P.S. If you want to see the entire post,
RAWK ON!
Even the header cards are adorable! See?
1) Don’t blog about your roommate, especially if he has violent tendencies and subtle anti-Semitic views.
The final lab results checking the actual function of his immune system won't be drawn for one more week and the results won't be back for another couple weeks after that. We'll let you all know the findings.
lavender / aromatic filler (optional)
(Do bluebells grow on Hampstead Heath?)
My favorite classical role is Princess Florine in Sleeping Beauty, also with AjkunBT. I have always been attracted to fairy roles; it is why I was first drawn to ballet. In Sleeping Beauty, Florine’s prince is turned into a bluebird. Because of the beautiful choreography, I was able to dance with lyrical movements, like a bird.
The other girls leave except the head sister
- No large boxes admitted; baggage must be stowed away in overhead compartments
When I was in junior high, my most beloved grandmother moved in with us. She was a wonderful storyteller and writer of children’s stories. I spent hours in her room soaking up family history and descriptions of turn-of-the-century life in Michigan’s Upper Peninsula. It was from her I learned I was not so much Irish, German or Hoosier pioneer, but Scottish. She was born a MacLachlan and her great grandparents had immigrated from near Strathlachlan.
9) hang it on the wall with a nail
Why didn’t I finish it? I’m sure, back when I was reading it, about nine years ago, I’d have come up with plenty of excuses: I had too much to read already, for class; I didn’t have time; I had lost interest.
The blessings of the Lord and the remembrances are often mingled with sad events. However, the Lord wants us to relish His provision and His blessings and He give us an active symbol to help us to remember.
My heartfelt thanks to everyone who has dropped by this blog, especially to all those who have taken the time to leave behind their encouraging words and lovely comments. I also appreciate readers who have asked me questions...I try my best knowledge to answer them...and it is through the process of finding out the right answers, it has widen my knowledge and insights into the world of baking. Since it is the season of giving, I have decided to send a little gift to a fellow blogger pal. It is a small way to show my appreciation, and I hope I will be able to do the same thing next year.
Today I am talking to Professor Geoffrey Alderman, Professor of Politics and Contemporary History at The University of Buckingham and a former Chairman of the University of London’s academic council
In that time I have had the great privilege and honor to work with and meet -- and in some cases become friends with -- a lot of amazing advertising people.
Founders Blushing Monk Founders Brewing Company 9.2%
Joost De Four may be the master of the beer bar and cellar, but his brother Tom rules in the kitchen. He has received many awards over the years; best game chef in Belgium, best fish cook, and recently the best sandwiches in Vlaanderen were also said to stem from his kitchen. My beef in champignon sauce made with Pater Lieven Tripel was definitely a culinary highlight on my latest trip to Belgium. At the Zythos Bierfestival they have been known to promote bierpralines, made in cooperation with a chocolatier in Aalst. As with chocolate and beer, the brothers are an unbeatable combination.
I have a tendency to speak in hyperbole, especially when I get inspired by something. I just finished a book that really inspired me, so as I organize my thoughts for this brief review I will work hard not to exaggerate.
The support is intended to aid Syria’s political opposition groups to develop themselves as a credible alternative to Assad’s regime and develop the necessary capability to realise an orderly transition to a more democratic Syria.
We must not forget that several genocides have taken place on Planet Earth, that were never recognized as such while the initial stages of the planning were taking place, AND while the killings were being committed.
What Nungesser fails to grasp is how a hurricane or tropical storm, coupled with tornadoes of spinning oil would be tailor made for an administration that cultivates and exploits any crisis that fortuitously comes along.
you are so easily able to express your thoughts or ideas by explaining. i know that can seem like a burden, but it is amazing to see you use it for good. that's what you do. use your gift for good.
I ate my Nutrisystem meals, the extra veggies, salads, power fuels and smart carbs.
47. It's a lot to handle.
9. “Would it help if I got out and pushed?” “It might!” (Empire Strikes Back)
It's beer-drinking time, people. Oktoberfest is upon us, as I noted in previous posts. Here are some Central Texas suggestions for enjoying the season. Sadly, there are a couple of activities this weekend that I'll have to miss, as I'm taking the kiddo camping.
Wynton Kelly – Piano
In the framework of “antiquisation and macedonisation” that the Gruevski government is pushing in a methodical manner, all the old street names, that had been used for decades are being replaced by personalities of ancient Greek history, whom the Skopjans consider to be their… “ancestors”, as well as place-names of Northern Greece, which in schoool books of fYROM is called “Aegean Macedonia” and “occupied” by Greece.
The people in this country who have the most to lose (everything) from the tightening of the grip of the obscenely wealthy on our politics are the very people who are chomping at the bit to let the obscenely wealthy have everything (1).
We had an amazing wine pairing with each course from Pour Wines. Casey served a refreshing mint water and a small bite of french bread with a baked herb goat cheese and a burnt fig spread as a starter. And for dinner...moules marinieres, grilled skirt steak au poivre- parsnip puree, braised fennel and tomato. The cherry on top...a bittersweet chocolate and orange pot de crème with almond cream. mmmm. makes our mouth water all over again!
Embossing Folder:: Argyle by Provo Craft
Happy crafting !
Cain't no-a high-toned woman make me walk the line
THANK you all so much for joining us this week!!! We can't wait to see what you create this week!!! PLEASE be aware that Blogger is acting up & if we don't make it to your blog, it is because we simply can't! I apologize ahead of time for this, but what can ya do when Blogger is being a Bugger?!?!? LOL
Whether you home school or not, I challenge you to make a plan and be intentional about including your children in your gardening endeavors this year. I'd love to hear how you plan to include your kids in your summer garden plans this year. :)
All together this is an elegant pen and a great way to re-launch the Waterman Hemisphere. Do take a look at Waterman Hemisphere pens if you're looking for the next great pen for your collection.
Lace & flowers: Wild Orchid Crafts
Cherished by the English aristocrats and former residence of the English royals, the Royal Crescent Hotel, set in the world heritage breathtaking town of Bath is a refuge of old world charm and understated luxury.
Now. I am a soulless heathen, my husband and children are soulless heathens, WE'RE PROUD to be soulless heathens. No argument.
As someone who regularly steals restaurant menus, takes pictures of bathroom interiors and stares longingly at signage, this event sounds perfect. And I know I'm not alone in my admiration of food and restaurant design. The packaging, the art and the details complete our food experiences, don't you think? For those of you who look beyond the plate when dining, check out AIGA KC's Homegrown Food event. They've got a fantastic line-up of speakers, too.
Therefore, this system cannot have developed step-by-step, as asserted by the theory of evolution. The species has existed with this entire system intact since its first member came into existence. Another way of putting it is, they were created.
Eleven-year-old Ella is facing the most difficult summer of her life. Her mother is going a last-hope cancer treatment, and while she is hospitalized, Ella is to stay with her father's mother, an eccentric woman who is a stranger to her. Ella's parents divorced long-ago, and her father, a professional fishing guide, can't/won't taker her himself.
The assumption by the Arminian is that you must be saved in order to participate in the spiritual Gifts in any meaningful way. However, this is just not the case. At the establishment of the New Covenant, the visible Church received gifts. The gifts to the Church are not necessarily indications of personal and individual salvation. Rather the signs that were poured out on the Church were to establish that God was genuinely behind the establishment of this New Covenant Community. Remember what Jesus said:
I will be cycling out my prior address over the next few months, and I'd hate to miss out on your missives!
Desert Edge Brewery All The Way Alt
Winner: Simon Johnson
Maybe someone at some time has exhorted you to make Jesus “Lord of your life.” Maybe you have been told to “crown Him King.” Perhaps someone has pleaded with you to “put Him on the throne of your heart.” But according to the Bible, God has already made Him Lord over all!
But now I have switched gears and have started beefing up my inventory for the Cowtown Indie Bazaar which I’ll be selling at this Saturday (3/19, 9a-5p at Will Rogers). If you’re in the DFW area, come by and see me!
The month went from very busy to very very very slow. And all of that down time made me feel very down. I'm feeling much better now. Things are beginning to work themselves out. At least a bit. It's going to take some hard work on my part. And I'm excited to get my hands dirty in August.
Again, I am grateful to you all for your work at home in helping to give your child the very best start to their education. We are partners together in your child’s learning! Have a wonderful week!
Their creative ideas, tips and recipes inspire us to be the kind of women we all want to be.
Sonny Clark (piano)
See the potential in others and ask about desires, career goals, and training needs.
write. I’ll be writing in: Third Person, Subjective aka Limited,
17.) Cactus - The Swim - Blistering.
I highly encourage you to show love and support without victim blaming when situations arise and others share a story that you’d rather separate yourself from, than to admit that it could happen to you too.
For now, all I can say is that it’s heartbreaking to lose your three best friends in the world, one in September, the next in December, and the last in April. It was the thing we had dreaded and feared for so long, and now it’s happened. The house seems so utterly empty without them. It almost seems like all of them had been with us for half our lives, like there could be nothing after them.
This week we wait. We have turned in our application with the Adoption Network Law Center. We have had consultation calls, follow up calls, calls from their attorneys. We have filled out paperwork and sent money. We have exchanged pictures. We have shared our news with a few friends. We bought sleepers. We had our fingerprints done for the FBI. That was crazy. With Liam and Cullen looking on, we were fingerprinted at our local police department. Talking about living in the South and adopting. That along with five pages of notes, we sent them off to Clarksburg, VA to see if we have hidden records (Lord, please no!). Then came the application for the homestudy. Pages after pages of notes, written, filled out, questions about family, youth, relationships, children, beliefs, the whole nine yards and finally, that was sent off with a fee. Now we are waiting. Waiting for the welcome pack from ANLC to start our media and bio sections, as well as our birthmother letter (which I have written about 6 times!). Waiting for the FBI report (up to 8 wks!), and waiting for the LifeLink home study to approve our application and set up a visit (before Christmas please!). Through all of this, we hold a secret, close to our hearts. Except for the few that know.......and now you. Stay tuned! More excitement and frustration to follow, I'm sure!
I can barely make out my own reflection.
Missed yesterday, I know. But it was a long day at Kings Island and I had better things to do with my family, right? I know you appreciate that. So right now it’s almost 7am and I’m typing this from the pullout couch in our hotel room while Spenser sleeps in the King size bed. Holly and Becky are down having breakfast. So far the sleeping has been good. It’s always my big fear when traveling that the kids will have a meltdown and scream and nobody will sleep and everybody will be miserable. It looked like that might happen on Thursday night, but everything fell into place and they finally crashed right around their normal time. With tomorrow being Becky’s marathon it’s important that all goes right tonight sleeping-wise. We’re probably going to rent a movie to watch and take showers before bed and keep to as much of the home routine as possible to get them to bed on time. We’ll see if it works.
This one I feel like I could just go “check!” The recycling in my city doesn’t have us sort our own recycling. All paper, plastic and metal (no glass) go in the same bin. So I have a laundry basket set up by the front door that I put it all in and when it gets full I take it out to the bin.
Tip 1: Keep her out of direct sunlight
After feeding the kids dinner, I’ve never seen a two year old eat so much, nor a five year old who could talk so much! Bathing and quiet time, bed time finally came for their first night with us. I’m not sure who was more exhausted them or us. It must have been so hard and confusing for the kids, wake up in the morning in one house and go to bed in another house of complete strangers.
Once upon a time, my husband dated a girl who was kind of an asshat. By all accounts, she was (and probably still is) a real bitch. Sure, you could say that’s just his side of the story, but I think the following gem of an anecdote proves that his version of things is probably pretty accurate.
each ode half-hearted—oh, they would so envy me,
Thanks for reading!! and please tell me what you think about looking like everyone else and if someone has called you names because of the way you look XD
Punchestown Festival, but he soon started firing in the winners, with 12 successes in 2003/04 and 19 victories the following season. But the winners were harder to come by in the following three seasons as he failed to reach double figures. That changed in the 2008/09 campaign when he hit 19 winners once again and enjoyed big-race success on the Tom Taaffe-trained Glenfinn Captain in the Grade Two Red Mills Chase at Gowran Park, and the Francis Flood-trained P’tit Fute, who won valuable handicap hurdles at Galway and Leopardstown. The last named also gave Walsh his first ride at the Cheltenham Festival in 2009, when coming eighth in the Pertemps Final. The jockey had fared better on his Aintree debut in 2004 when partnering Puck Out to triumph in the Martell Cordon Bleu Handicap Hurdle. Walsh completed over the National fences, riding the Jonjo O’Neill-trained Farinel to finish fifth in the Grand Sefton Handicap Chase in November, 2004, but he has failed to get around the course on his two attempts at the John Smith’s Grand National. The past few seasons have seen Walsh pick up more rides on good horses such as Aranleigh and Captain Cee Bee and he won the valuable Dan Moore Handicap Chase on Bob Lingo at Fairyhouse on Tuesday. John Smith’s Grand National Record: 2009 Reveillez (BD 3rd), 2011 Quolibet (UR 11th)
3. HVLP Paint Sprayer/Air Compressor - Not very long into furniture upcycling, I realized that things would go SO much faster and be SO much easier and I’d end up with a MUCH better end product once I found a paint sprayer that worked for me. Honestly, it has been my best business investment to date! I did a LOT of research on different paint spraying options and here are my conclusions.
d) Any parts which may systematically or routinely exhibit permanent deformation.
2 AUT 5 3 0 1 1 10
Jesus, you see, wants his followers to be politically involved in jacking up all the people who don’t share their beliefs. Not the real Jesus, who never said a word about homosexuality, and stressed that his kingdom was not of this world, but the ignorant, hateful, bigoted Jesus who lives in the imaginations of Christian conservatives — the Jesus who thinks just like they do.
It was an interesting list---there was even provisions in some countries that are the targets of sex tourists that the age alters if there is money involved or there is coercion by a much older adult.
The media have reported, again and again, that 55 families in Makhaza were forced to relieve themselves in full public view for over two years. This has been repeated so often, in various ways, that I believed it was true. I apologized in Parliament. And I asked myself: how was it possible for this to happen under a DA administration, and on my watch as Mayor?
In the same campaign, a photo depicts a teenage boy with a look of marvel and excitement on his face. “Kevin. One condom already,” the caption reads.
Shop:
If you're one of my "constant customers" please contact me for an amazing deal. It's a surprise so I'm not putting it on here.
So my sister says (before breakfast and before coffee) that T is not for Theme, it is for Theology. She's a smart cookie and yet optimistic. She says that faith is believing in what you can't see and that curiosity (rationality) and the search for meaning (structure out of chaos) lead us to act as we do to survive. Let it be for the good, regardless of our personal beliefs.
Unhappy
I began to talk with colleagues in the office. Here are the top three reasons from our conversations for why we don’t take new people hunting:
What is the historical cause of the problems between Pakistan and India?
Hell, we've ENOUGH of these assholes around here as it is, we certainly DO NOT NEED to be awakened by them prematurely.
Because I have faith, I truly believe that at the end of such tragedy, there is a truth and a light. I believe that those who die go on to know better things and a better place than you or I could ever imagine. And I believe that those who were touched by the life, especially a life such as this, are truly more enriched because of it. And for those who simply read the news story or heard a friend talking about the details, I believe it is a message -- ringing loud and clear -- that you should kiss your babies, say your I love yous, and enjoy the life, blessings and breaths you have... today. This moment.
Coming to today's dish, yet another quick fix with chapathi 's - kids friendly and adult's craving aloo chapathi. If your kid is one of those who doesn't need a side dish (like mine) this is for you.
My old View-Master, replete with the saga of Malph, remains on my list of toys I wish I never parted with.
Worry that the ropes were safe; worry that my canvas seat would take the weight of my body; worry so much I needed to talk to myself.
Joyeux Noël
Alternate method to the Bottle Trap:
12. Stalwart: strongly and stoutly built; sturdy and robust.
Luckily for me, I have a boyfriend that likes to make decisions and tonight I will be seeing Cabin in the Woods. I have NO idea what this movie is about…besides the all-too-obvious cabin in the woods; and the one preview I saw included a clown.
And well cared for
I would have to say though, that apple crumble over the fire this past weekend while camping was a clear sign I was glad to see. My best friend had a secret up her sleeve with this one. I had no idea that crumble could be so easy, and so good. Here's what I did at home.
He rose up the ranks whilst working at Cunard, and by his mid-twenties had become a second steward. He had a number of men working for him at this point, one of whom was a gentleman by the name of 'Ted'. Ted was in his 50's, and my dad took a real shine to him. He was always keen to help out, and from the conversations they used to have, seemed like a very proud family man. My dad clearly remembers him talking about his sons, and in particular his twin boys who had recently started their own business. Ted would often remark to dad that he was the same age as his boys (about 27 or 28 at that time).
Optical Zoom: x 3
Flanders Fields said...
The FpU (Fremskrittspartiets Ungdom) is the youth wing of the Norwegian FrP (Fremskrittspartiet, “The Progress Party”), which promotes free-market policies and criticizes mass immigration. Is anyone surprised that the FrP has been severely scapegoated in Norway ever since the massacre last summer?
Whenever I explained to someone what the book was about, however, I’d find myself saying it wasn’t really a thriller. Yes, there was a criminal aspect to it, but really, it was about the darker sides of human nature. I was much more interested in the psychology of the people involved than in car chases or the like. After a while it struck me: obviously Happy Hour was a psychological thriller. That, therefore had to be my genre.
Burbage said that a new museum in Franklin, Tenn., wanted the flag, as well, and offered twice what South Carolina paid for it.
The M’s are playing surprisingly well this year. Granted it is April, and they still have room in the season to have a 14 game losing streak. But right now, things are fantastic. So goes baseball. So goes life.
Another teacher, who grew up in Rochester’s urban Northeast section and has children in the district, stated,
Krútt is one of those words that defies translation but has nonetheless been used in Iceland to characterize a whole generation of creative young Icelanders. Krútt is ‘cute’, even ‘cuddly’, but also ‘clever’ and irresistibly attractive in a childlike way—precocious but still, perhaps, a bit naïve. The term certainly does not correspond directly with any particular international style or ideological formation; it is not employed in self-conscious emulation of art-historical terminology as were ‘expressionism’, ‘constructivism’, ‘abstract expressionism’ and ‘pop art’, which all became current in Iceland a decade or so after they had had their heyday on the continent or in the United States. It seems rather to be used in defiance of such labels and as a deliberate attempt to evade categorization, perhaps specifically to confound journalists and writers seeking a convenient label for what they feel is a particularly ‘Icelandic’ approach to art and music.
Finally the coordinator role is to balance the needs of the contributing developers with that of the communities requests. In the Apache world this means attempting to align contributors efforts with that of user and other projects needs towards making the release date. This may mean communicating with developers to attain status' on particular issues in the project tracking system, or assigning issues to available resources to get required work resolved.
All caught up in their gathering grind
Oh god,
Happy and Blessed Easter, my friends...
Sampled on April 27, 2009
No doubt, one or two stinker costumes are going to rear their ugly heads within such a wide and varied mix.
“the law allows parents to educate their children at home instead of sending them to school, if they fulfil certain conditions.”
In contrast, books like Silman’s, or Best Lessons of a Chess Coach by Sunil Weeramantry and Ed Eusebi, don’t just instruct, or make you a stronger player. They open your eyes to the richness of chess, and add to your appreciation of chess. When you play through annotated games, and the annotator says “obviously such-and-such a move would be bad because of such-and-such a positional factor”, you’ll see the truth in that assessment. I think Silman put it best in his review of de la Maza’s book:
Seriously. I can't believe how good these muffins are. They're so moist, and the pineapple adds a nice punch of flavour to what would be otherwise normal banana muffins. Not that I don't like banana muffins. I really do, but they're tried and true, easy, comfortable, simple, etc. The pineapple is such an amazing touch. Also, rum? Freakin' add it to anything you bake with bananas. It's so. good.
D. brother
- How to resist a corporate takeover (Ginsburg)
Now, I thought all along that “soup” was 1960s network code for “sex” (because they’re both hot and steamy, duh), and I was guessing ahead and thinking that Spock’s urges would end up screwing up his wedding ceremony, but when Chapel returns …
I guess these movies happened. I recall a guy pooping in a golf bunker. I recall a girl dressing up like a doll. I recall an Asian man making coffee, and Christoph Waltz being a bad guy. That’s about it.
Don’t throw away those cardboard toilet paper rolls! They’re the perfect vehicle for storing electrical cords, cables and phone cords.
This lover and maid so true
President Andrew Jackson like all traditional Jeffersonian Democrats, opposed large, centrally controlled financial institutions. Thus Jackson and his supporters charged that the Second Bank was a tool of the moneyed aristocracy and was intent on oppressing working people. Jackson's veto of the Second Bank's recharter became a major issue in the 1832 election. Support from the working classes including Tammany Hall helped lead Jackson to re-election. Jackson's veto of the recharter and the subsequent withdrawal of federal deposits had broad repercussions. One effect was to shift the financial center of the country from Philadelphia to New York, where it remains to this day. A second and more far-reaching effect was to cause the Bank of the United States to contract the nation's money supply, causing widespread economic panic and a depression.
contribute to service excellence
Inspiration Words: growth, extreme, bloom
Take your figs & slice each one through the top, leaving the base intact. Put into a small ovenproof dish , you want a reasonably snug fit. In a small bowl whisk together the Marsala, honey & Cinnamon.
My husband buried Luther Blissett in our garden.
These are my new favorite leggings! After throwing out several pairs of Massimo's that were falling apart at the seams, I was in desperate need of some replacements! One day I was in a hurry and American Eagle was close, so I ran in an grabbed a pair of their black leggings. So far, I've been really impressed by the quality as they seem to hold up really well. I was so happy that my Mom bought me two more pairs! I have them in black, but they're no longer available online (only Army Green). If you're lucky enough, you might find them in stores. Sadly, my local stores are all out of my size. :(
"You're wrong. I feel that we're the true church."
Of course, one may argue that there’s an aspirational quality to projecting a brand image that’s a few notches above your audience’s reality, but I’ve been at the meetings and seen the thought process. The people at Scion whole-heartedly believe their own bullshit. And so do many clients. And that’s the scary part.
2) At our core, we are a technology company with an overriding commitment to quality.
& while her sweet son's life is quite certainly not projected past three years - our timeline is much fuzzier.
The past 24 hours .. we saw a 6.7M in the southwest Pacific (Tonga) north of New Zealand…. and now a 5.9M in Japan.
It's not healthy to keep that stuff contained.
7) Pour the mixture to the remaining egg whites and fold in gently till incorporated.
You can use this link:
Will they ever learn to get along?
I am a Spaniard, also a German. And I have for a long time also felt myself to be a European.
That's a risk Richard is willing to take. Jack tells Richard that he promised Sun that he'd get her off that Island and Richard wishes he didn't promise her that.
carving out chunks of me,
It cooks for about 5 minutes and once it gets soft, remove from the boiling water and strain quickly. Run it through cold water to stop the cooking process.
Now, my first thought was that I usually don't remember unmemorable desserts. The visitandine, though, has what it takes to be completely memorable: whipped egg whites for a fluffy texture, and ground almonds paired with lemon zest for a delectable taste. Memory loss, then? I think my childhood mind was so obsessed with the colors on cakes (my pink birthday cake, for one) that the simple-looking desserts didn't strike me as much, as amazing as they may have tasted.
Randomly Scream “I can’t believe it’s my birthday!!” at random moments throughout the day. (Be creative)
F - Favorite colour: purple.
Here’s some things I love about this author whether she writes under G.A Aiken or Shelly Laurenston. First she is not afraid to go long! Not only are the length’s of the books meaty so is the story making every minute enjoyable keeping you entertained for more than just two hours. Don’t get me wrong I like beach reads and short stories but a thick novel is what this book ho loves and needs.
Peer Helpers are reminded to sign up for a research paper topic by Thursday. Sign up sheet is on the resource room door. Final paper due May 11th.
Director Spike Lee was at the (poorly attended, see Murray's fears on that one) screening and talked a bit about how he became involved. He was a fan of the off-Broadway (then Broadway) run of the show, seeing it many times. When the show's attendance started to decline and it was clear it was close soon, Lee stepped in to document it so it wouldn't be "lost". Hooray for him because Passing Strange is an amazing, deeply personal piece of theater and deserves a wider audience. Transcendent is the perfect descriptor here. I'm very glad that I got to see it on a big screen at the Paramount.
Jute in Natural
...from blogging way to long. I miss it. I am going to try to be better at it but its just hard to find the time to squeeze it in. I work, come home, do dinner, homework, bath, work on orders from Polkadots & RainBows then by the time I am done, I'm beat. BUT I am working on it. So instead of going back and stressing about filling you in on everything, I am just going to start from now. So here is our Santa pictures from this weekend.
Tues. I went it, armed with my mom and one side and Tom on the other side and we got the news that the whole left thyroid was ALL cancer. Anyone interested, the size was 6.1 x 4.4 x 4.4 cm weighing 61 gm. The pathology report said that it is Papillary Thyroid Carcinoma, Follicular Variant.
A rural Montana town provides the setting for the face-off as love battles the law in a final showdown.
Perhaps the best illustration of the effects of the w/p ratio can be seen Chart 6 of Carter's paper. This chart lists the "fired" compressive strength of various mixtures.
stronger than the bonds of ice, and death.
when the last new life is brought forth into the light of day...
Superficially, the TRC appears to have provided a balanced and comprehensive account, for it has issued condemnations all around: upon the former National Party (NP) government for instructing the 'elimination' of political opponents and then claiming surprise at their deaths; the Inkatha Freedom Party (IFP) for its massacres of supporters of the African National Congress (ANC); the Pan-Africanist Congress (PAC) and its armed wing for targeting civilians; the white right wing for planning an insurrection intended to derail democracy; the former United Democratic Front (UDF) for attacks in the 1980s on councillors, policemen, and collaborators; and the ANC for bombing operations that sometimes 'went awry' and killed civilians, for abuses in its camps in other countries, and for creating a climate in which some of its supporters thought certain violations to be legitimate.
Sunday to Tuesday 12 noon to 12 midnight
Here's my button for the current series I am participating in:
Reverse G
It takes time, yes. But practice makes perfect. I have the calves of a horse, sure, but it goes to show how much effort I have put into dancing. I’m proud to be a step dancer. I wouldn’t have it any other way.
Sponsor a tectonic plate. Sponsor a moment in time. Sponsor fifteen minutes of foreign bombing: "Aid raids over Afghanistan today were brought to you by Target™..."
CHEVY - Cheapest Heap Ever Visioned Yet
Thank you to Robin and her amazing team…Hopscotch. We were blessed to be the first Hopscotch family!
Speaking of Perry and Dex! Dex has a girlfriend in Seattle, but he’s obviously into Perry, and rightly so: she’s a brave, smart, sexy smartass. Perry isn’t sure what to think about Dex. It isn’t that she likes him, precisely . . . right? But she feels drawn to him even as she finds him infuriatingly private and a bit patronizing. Add a generous helping of terror, the dark, feeling like you might be going insane, and a shared taste in music, and, well, cue the tension, folks!
I did something wrong…once.
Last night I was parked watching traffic on a road that comes away from the nightclub district. (Yes, we CAN do that, and I encourage my officers to scope out those roads and stop as many people for minor traffic violations as they can. Inevitably, each will get at least one DWI a night that way.)
Pinch of black pepper
4) Called a therapist (you can’t help your relationship if you’re not a whole person yourself)
We needn’t have worried about not being seen by the local drivers, obviously cycle tourists are not quite so common in this part of the world as I expected. In the end we were more concerned about causing a crash than being part of one. Wahoo…Chelsea score…this soccer stuff is more exciting than it seems.
It would also allow it more easily to manufacture a nuclear warhead to mount on a long-range missile.
If only they’d trained us, if only we knew…
He took a couple of good swipes at the current president, of course. He implied that President Obama was “stupid” to have made a speech to our troops yesterday in Afghanistan, since the real heart of terrorism is Yemen–duh. (Imagine what he would have said if Obama had gone to Yemen yesterday to give a speech to the troops.)
Back in those days they were made of bark and ice.
I think this is an interesting point. Iowa, like most states, doesn’t allow full-nude dancing in bars. This means you have topless clubs, which otherwise wouldn’t exist, which creates work opportunities for women who are willing to show boobs, but not crotch. On the other hand, a bar basically has strippers to get customers to show up and buy alcohol. Stripping isn’t their main line of business, which can cause conflicts of interest with the strippers themselves. For instance, the full-nude clubs all ban hard liquor to minimize the number of super-drunks that they deal with. This would be counter-productive for a bar. Antis pretty much only address this in terms of people being pressured into doing things they don’t want to for money, but that isn’t the main way it affects the strippers on the ground. I’ll keep searching her old writing for anything she wrote about her time at the strip club and telling anything I can remember. I want her to be heard.
That funny little girl
For anyone starting school this week I wish you a fantastic first day and let me know what your favourite day of the year is and why.
“It is finished.”
Gasp, the nerve! "She's got the perfect look?" Honestly, I don't care how full Angelina Jolie's lips are, how many African children she adopts, or how bronzed her skin will become for the film, I firmly believe this role should have gone to a Black woman.Bit racist, but what do you expect from someone who considers Cleopatra to have been an "African Queen"? Angelina played a Macedonian in the godawful flick "Alexander" - complete with Russian accent - so seems to have some experience for the job. Needs to work on the accent though ...
For I'm to be Queen o' the May, mother, I'm to be Queen o' the May."
I do not want to miss the cut off for this entry
Mound fruit mixture in piecrust. Top with second crust, trimming so that top crust hangs 1/2 inch beyond rim. Tuck edge of top crust under and crimp.
We’ve just been given guidance. A pointer; we will be given endurance to run life’s race. A race we were created to start and a race only we can finish.
Forty-five thousand hydro dams provide 16 percent of global power but at a tremendous initial cost to the environment in addition some rivers like the Colorado River and Yellow River of China no longer empty into the sea. Biomass, geothermal and tidal and ocean waves supply 9, 6.8 and 0.03 percent respectively to global energy markets.
I said it before, and i'll say it again--the best part of these podcasts is what happens when we stop recording.
We owe life itself to all the mothers who walk with life hand in hand and then literally carry life the last nigh (9) miles of the race that our lives as individuals would not have been able to finish had a Mother not stepped UP to be The Holy Savior of Us when we could not carry on, during the hardest leg of a Spiritual Run
international community provide
If you saw the previous post, please forgive me but I gave some incorrect information. Fortunately, Tom and Suzie experienced some technical difficulties and are delayed and wont be on until 11:00EST tonight, so you didn’t miss anything.
Neither of us even fell on the slopes, and we made it to the Blue Square trails before I decided that was enough incline and speed, thanks very much.
ACTION – Morris dancers in action
Brush the pan or griddle lightly with oil and lay one piece of dough in the pan. Let it cook for about 1 minute on the first side then flip and cook for another minute. Each side should have some browning starting on each side. As you cook the rest of the the Chapati, keep the cooked ones warm.
Ms Lotter's breast had also been removed, and used to write the anti-white slogans such as "Kill the Boer" on the wall.
It’s time that either a new Untouchables group headed by Sue Akers was sealed off from the guilty, or the whole filthy mess was taken away from the Met. The farcical contradictions in their own evidence make this move as much in their own interests, which aren’t being helped by this ill-advised and blatant attempt to withhold evidence. We have for example high-ranking anti-terrorist cop Andy Hayman (now, remember, working as a crime reporter for Murdoch himself) who told the media there were only a “handful” of victims, whereas John Yates, the acting commissioner who led the Mark I follow-up investigation, told the home affairs select committee that “the voicemail pin codes of up to 120 people were discovered”.
Definition: A rich white guy who is detached from reality. May be very intelligent. Is often willing to stretch and mold to any shape in order to impress the masses.
Lodging Hospitality
breathless last moments,
But this was topped just last week, when a new billboard went up on my route to work. As I have to concentrate on driving, unfortunately I cannot take a photo. But I promise you that it exists.
On a side note - the Chrysalis is located just a couple of minutes walk from my old house. I take the bus from the bottom of the hill where my house was and look at it every day. Sometimes, this makes me sad, and sometimes not. It's interesting.
So now you know. Posts for sally's musings will be a bit different from now on. I'd probably be babbling about my garden...if I could, I'll post some photos too...
as memory struggles with realization
I can’t wait to see what this week will offer folks.
I'd like to lose some too. (He looked down at his 2nd chicken leg and smiled.) This isn't helping. You make great chicken sweetie.
But just look at them, they're awesome!
Tik tik tik
For now we wish you all the very best in 2012 and we look forward to another wonderful year, sharing stories and experiences between felines and their humans.
Reunited with "The Kid," Mallory and Joan are almost goners, but it all works out in THE END! Double Bonus, "The Key" and "Tower Of London" are on a double feature Boris Karloff DVD that is available on Netflix!! It's a no brainer!!
It’s astounding. My mind is blown.
The second pair I call my Jesus-In-Me-Wear. When I slip on my Jesus-colored glasses and open my eyes, I suddenly see things differently. Oh, it’s all the same stuff, but just viewed through a different set of lenses; clean, unblemished, rose-tinted by His blood. Through those lenses, all the subtleties of His handiwork are revealed to me. I can see how He’s woven the threads of my life into intricate patterns and shapes – some already recognizable, others still being stitched into place. I can see how He has saved me from my own selfish pursuits, how He has prevented me from going in directions that I was so certain I needed to go, how He has provided for me in times when there was nothing that I could do to provide for myself. Every time I put on my Jesus-In-Me-Wear, I inevitably end up with a renewed spirit and a light heart.
Panelists:
Hey, Princess, and your a-hole sponsor too: America's warfighters, the pointy end of the spear, the ones who fight and bleed and sacrifice and die so that you two Liberal Pond Scum can live your wealthy 1% lifestyles, are NOTHING like the vermin infesting the Leech Class, who refuse to work and just expect everything to be handed to them.
**Again, another post I started a long time ago. September 2011 as well. I will publish it now without any extra so you don't get a heart attack reading all about Simster growing up in one long post!**
1 gray
Edradour is the smallest distillery in all of Scotland, and for that itself, there is some novelty in trying one of its whiskies. I received this bottle as a gift from a friend who had been to the Edradour distillery on a tour. It’s probably lucky I did, because the prices for this spirit in Canada are well over $100 a bottle. At 46% ABV, this Edradour is a “heavily-peated Highland”, and what a pleasant peating it is.
As ever, please do NOT post your answers, but do feel free to say if you think you have solved it and how long it took. Answer on Monday!
I have mixed feelings about the chickens myself. I very much enjoy having them…. they’re fascinating to watch, and I find myself making chicken sounds after spending any length of time with them.
“Rude,” Claire said.
It's a relatively rare condition, and photographing such an quick-moving example of it as this albino hummingbird is a rare feat indeed. (Animal Planet)
If you don’t like a word or phrase, don’t use it. Explain why, if you like, to anyone willing to listen. But banning everyone everywhere from ever using it is futile and heavy-handed. Not only that: it’s a cliché.
A few minor slip-ups and a few years later, I’m making amends of my sins while the Minotaur still runs rampant upstairs.
If now’s the time you’d usually reach for that latte or hot chocolate switch to a cup of green tea and an apple instead. According to Scientists at Sydney University, apples are one of the most filling snacks you can eat. This is because they have a high water content which adds bulk helping your stomach to feel full. The green tea is a great source of immune boosting antioxidants and drinking it instead of a latte will save up to 7,000 calories (the equivalent of two pounds of body fat) a month!
So, if you’re interested about the book news, just type in your e-mail address below, and I’ll send out a couple of notes as soon as we get closer to publication!
But wait. The DNS action doesn't stop there.
I'm off tomorrow (day off in lieu of Saturday) and intend to get second Hep B jab and some socks and knickers for Ellie and I in town .I have ordered a new phone - a blackberry curve - which should come tomorrow. I have loads of stitching to do and I got the Cath Kidson book 'sew' with the makings of a bag, this week so want to get that started (need to pick up some heavy duty stitching thread first though)
9. Ego Trip (Synthesizer by Ronnie Monsarate)
4 Tbs clarified butter (instructions below)
Joy Harjo
Let us be real friends. Forever.
Okay, okay, enough messing around. HI everyone! I’ve missed you sooooo much and I’m sorry for neglecting my posting duties. eh, life gets in the way no?
5) Blue Imari color.
New patio chairs (thanks Grandma & Grandpa!). They were inside due to 2 weeks of straight rain and the desire to keep them nice. There's a matching glass-topped table that's just the right size for 2 for dinner.
However, going forward, some of the features may be a bit more focused on contemporary YA (and romance, etc) than they have been in the past. That doesn't mean you have to be a contemp YA writer (or a romance writer, etc) to continue following this blog. I believe most of the craft advice and inspirational posts I offer here can be applied to almost any writer's journey.
We should bow low and give our bodies thanks
On And On (Live)
There is certainly an atmosphere in some places and at sunset, when the shadows are long, it's easy to imagine a presence nearby. Perhaps it's also because the trees are still bare and the land is a mix of mud and snow. There is a traditional belief that trulli (witches who are the spirits of unmarried women) come out at this moment between winter and spring, flying down from Kyöpelinvuori, Ghost Mountain, to play tricks on humans and take cuttings of cattle fur for their evil purposes. If one stands at a crossroads on Easter Saturday, the witches will apparently whisper one's fortune as they pass by in mid-air.
i take the train– and maybe this
It's a promise we can't keep. We beat ourselves to death over that pledge.
“I know I’m sorry Sarah I just am trying to get my head straight, so much is riding on this book” she leaned forward placing her free hand at the side of her face looking into the mirror.
I also get why it’s so heartbreaking sometimes to be a parent to a child who struggles with Asperger’s or Autism. I’m a mommy to twin boys who are both at different points on the spectrum, too. These boys and their little sister are the lights of my life.
1 14 oz. can of sweetened condensed milk (do NOT confuse this with evaporated milk which is a much thinner milk and will not work in this recipe)
-StevenPaul
Got up early Thursday morning drank me some NO Explode and grabbed my gear for my run.........ok.................my walk/jog/run. :) Yes that is pepper foam you see. I refuse to run with out it.
Today was the day, the day I’ve been both anticipating and dreading for weeks. The day of the ultrasound.
Details of the sweater embellishment. I've been wanting a beaded or sequined sweater forever and finally found this one a few weeks ago. I took out the shoulder pads and shrunk it in the dryer.
I almost feel a little bad writing this post. Because in doing so, I know everything I'm saying is going to come as a big shock to the owners of this company. I know that they think their intentions are pure and their heart is in the right place, and that they think through their own brand of hipster hippy humor they're immune to criticism. I'm pretty sure we've got another Yay Life Tribe or Spirit Hoods on our hands--This is a company that is clearly the heart and soul of the founders, that strives to do good in the world, and is just so earnest in doing so--that they've been blinded to how hurtful their imagery and representations of Native culture are. So Thunderbird Energetica, I'm sorry, but I'm about to tear apart everything you hold dear. And I do feel bad about it. I do.
A. Climb down roots for a cheesy picture on a fallen tree.
Incidentally, The only time I have ever been offered gloves was when an assistant in an archive noticed that a box of velum court records was particularly dirty. She asked me whether I'd like some gloves to keep myself clean. In other words, the gloves were to protect me, and not the documents.
3 sticks unsalted butter, at room temperature
We had to make sure the the leg elastic was tight enough to prevent leaks & the waist was tight enough as well. Once the settings were correct leaks are rare. When the diaper does leak it is only pee, and not poo due to the leg elastic holding it in. We use the newborn inserts, and the baby does not notice when he is wet and needs to be changed since the moisture is wicked away from his skin. We can't smell it either, so we just have to remember to check him every so often.
Of course, she’s almost always right. She can read things about my behavior that no one else can, perhaps because we carry the same DNA.
(Please indulge me with this little show of favouritism, the above guys were really my first horror blogs and pals and I adore them. Aside from that they are awesome writers and contributors to the horror community and deserve all the awards. Go give them smooches).
Alex ran (actually that almost needs to be dithered!) into the arms of another woman rather than rekindle and enhance what we had. Why? Well I can’t answer for him or be his judge. But I’m pretty sure I was not behaving in a way that enhanced the chances of us getting back together as I was using an out-moded survival strategy which should have been ditched a long time before. I just didn’t know I was doing it.
"As the characters struggle through life, making mistakes and learning when they stumble, they become stronger because of their faith in God. Lewis briefly explores the beginnings of The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints, blending faith and patriotism. She illustrates how Joseph Smith’s accounts of visions and angels test the Constitution’s guarantees of religious liberty and how they strain and strengthen tender family relationships.
How do you get from where you are to where you want to be in life? You set goals, you work hard to achieve those goals and eventually, you revel in the satisfaction of attaining the goals you have set out before yourself. There must be an enthusiasm for life, and the ability to work hard, then you too, will achieve the goals you have set for yourself.
I guess it’s too late now to make myself available to the federal government, as I understand the census will be complete within a few weeks. Maybe, however, I could make some kind of free-lance contribution. Everyone’s bitching these days about the budget deficit and out-of-control spending, and people are rightly asking whatever happened to volunteerism. I don’t need remuneration for my enumeration; I’m curious about the private lives of my neighbors anyway, and if I don’t take any federal funding, I can ask whatever questions I want.
Turns out the guy who is a regular and requested me complained to the manager that I provided them with THE WORST SERVICE EVER. Because they ran out of water and his buddy had to get his third and fourth drink from the bar. I couldn't believe this. Everything had seemed fine. I thought he must have been joking. I checked the money they left. Twenty bucks on $239.00 and he told the host stand specifically that his "tip reflected the service."
AND THEN I WILL ATTEMPT TO RE-ENGAGE WITH MY PRESENT.
I got about halfway through this Bible and it was like a light bulb lit up, and my eyes were opened. I could see for the first time. I was blind and now I could see.It was amazing! I was lying there and I realized this is it. This is what I’ve been missing all my life. This is what I’ve been running from, but trying to get to all of my life. It was like somebody poured ice cold water over my head and woke me up. I finally found the “missing link.”
“You have your heads in your Bibles constantly because you think you’ll find eternal life there. But you miss the forest for the trees. These Scriptures are all about me! And here I am, standing right before you, and you aren’t willing to receive from me the life you say you want.”
Second, I finished up a little quilt for Max. This project was necessary to keep peace between brothers. Shane has had a small blue quilt with stars on it since he was a baby. It became known as "the star blanket" . When Max started becoming a bit too attached to his star blanket, Shane let it be known that he wasn't too happy about it.
That’s how I write a haibun and it’s how I do a haiga. I don’t let in any room for doubt. I don’t let my inner editor talk me out of anything. There’s plenty of time after I’m dead to edit and rewrite.
This lack of focus is reflected in the way that we deliver regeneration projects or make inroads in addressing health inequalities, and in the way we fail to fight for jobs and tackle educational and employment and opportunities, particularly on Sheppey.
Turkey is bouncing towards long awaited constitutional reforms. However, the number of elements to be reformed actually made the 2010 ‘yes/no’ referendum on whether to reform the constitution fraught with complications. The result was that millions felt powerless to do anything but abstain. The constitutional reform discussions are now taking place with all major parties involved; the current plan is to offer a new constitution by the end of 2012.
How did we become Akumal Addicts? One morning in early Jan. 2005, after it had been snowing for a week and road closures were eminent, I decided I needed to get somewhere warm and welcoming. I had a photo of a condo on Half Moon Bay up on the 'frig that a friend had given to us at a Christmas party. After staring longingly at the photo, I started looking for a place to stay on HMB, not having any idea it was high season. Of course, nothing was available. One wonderful travel agent told me she had found a hotel room for us but told me to see if I could find a flight first. Oh, my. By the time I secured the flight and confirmed the hotel room, it was about 2:30 in the afternoon. We ran around throwing things in a couple of suitcases, jumped in the car and made the 3 1/2 hour drive up to Reno with white knuckles. Cars were spinning out all around us. We spent that night in Reno and flew out the next morning. We had our feet in the sand that afternoon. It was love at first sight! Half Moon Bay is an absolutely magical place.
Social Networkers Beware: Anecdotal proof that Diggers and Beta Bloggers are still the geeky Innovators and Early Adopters that we think we aren't.
“I've had a love affair with cans since I was a young boy,” says Robinson, the founder of Sun King Brewing Company, a 2009 microbrewery start-up in Indianapolis. “Dave Colt (Sun King’s brewer) and I both had beer can collections as kids.”
Stephen King is in my ear; I finished listening to Rose Red the other day and was just mesmerised by the main character. It is her diary that we are reading and the voice is fabulous. I’d never heard of this book but am so glad to have discovered it – I’m thinking of finding the paper version so I can peruse the entries. Now I’m listening to his Bag of Bones and enjoying the slow build-up and the plain but smooth writing.
According to the Communist Party USA's latest Peoples World , union workers at the Los Angeles Workers United hall, home of the Laundry, Distribution Centers and Skills and Manufacturing Workers, "listened with excitement" to an address by Gilda Chacon Bravo, a leader of the former Soviet front, and still communist controlled, World Federation of Trade Unions.
American Solution
To finish, I am adding one of my favorite quotes and pictures to go along with this article. I am happy. I am thankful. I am grateful that this experience today got me to sit down and write! The Universe knows exactly what to do to get you honoring your heart. And for that I feel like the little girl below. It’s so perfect. You might have to adjust your filter so that you can see just how PERFECT it all really is.
If you could take 2 minutes to vote for us we would be super excited. If you voted last year, you can still use the same log in information. THANKS!!!!!!!!!!!
If there is anything worth taking away from this story (and I'm not sure there is) it's a suggestion/ reminder to plan ahead and shop online.
Literally…
The decision to homeschool has been quite a journey for us, and it will continue to be as we constantly evaluate what is best for Charlie and Nate. We take each step in faith and with lots of prayer.
Agency X is one tentacle of an especially slimy scammer that Ann and I have been tracking since 2001. Since Agency X's scam model is based on volume, not discretion, its evil doings are just as--or maybe even more--widely known than those of Publisher X. The person who made the post I've quoted from above has been warned about Agency X by others on the messageboard, but has decided not to heed them. In a neat turnaround of what groups like Writer Beware try to accomplish, the warnings aren't driving him away from the scam, but toward it.
Matthew 5:16 says it perfectly:
Age 32 (January 19 1980)
'I know that.' Eliakim understands instantly that they can't go back. 'Every child is special.'
I am going on sabbatical from Blogland.
Today was bad. Actually this week has been bad.
Of course, no alarm clock is needed in Mexico! However, my internal alarm clock went off at 5:05 a.m. (4:05 p.m. their time) the first full day we were there. Since it was dark outside and Cory was still sleeping, I headed to the business center to check my e-mail and update my blog quick. After he rolled out of bed, we went straight to the beach to reserve our chairs and tiki hut for the day. We then headed to breakfast (always a buffet) and returned to the beach at 8:00 a.m. sharp. By 9:00 a.m., the sound of the waves had already put me back to sleep and by 10:00 a.m., I was in line for a mango margarita! We enjoyed reading and relaxing on the beach.
Now I can’t get into specifics, but this story is about two sisters. Obvious. And a dad (sad), and a stepmom (evil, of course). The deaths of the past come back to haunt the family as they try to settle down into a normal rhythm in their elegantly Western beach house. (Strange.) My girlfriend Kim is a big fan of Asian horror movies, and I find myself intrigued in how foreign horror films seem to capture horror in a different way, but one not too far from our own concept of fear.
I really cannot express what a wonderful event this is. As a parent it is so wonderful knowing other parents, chatting to them and just makes this aspect of my life that bit less lonely. Other parents who understand the tears, frustration, countless hospital visits, the beautiful person that is our child, a child who is so much more than a birth mark and dots all over their body.
Some of you may have already seen my video on the Ottlite Makeup Mirror, but thought i'd also do a post on it. It's available at Target, Bed Bath and Beyond, Amazon, JoAnn's Craft Store, as well as a few other places. It's basically a makeup mirror that mimics natural daylight, to give you the most accurate color and lighting when applying your makeup. Tungsten (yellowish light) gives a wash of yellow to everything, so your perception of foundation color for example could be a few shades off. With the Ottlite, what you see, is what you get! The con is that it shows every detail, pores and all LOL.
RIP Sharpie.
Whisk together flour and salt. Shred cold butter on a box grater (large holes) into the flour. Toss to coat butter in flour mixture, then rub together using hands until the mixture looks like breadcrumbs.
Mia Kershner, The Black Dahlia
Events were ripe for an intervention. In the time honoured tradition of frazzled mothers the world over I sought solace in the kitchen. At the very least it is warm in there. We would bake! It was a cunning plan, keep them busy, cosy warm and produce goodies to bribe them with at a later date. And that is when I found the Parkin recipe. If life was going to administer a few slaps then I'd slap it right back - wallop. Take that evil fictional pub landlady.Armed with only a mixing bowl I defeated the bad mood and ushered in contentment. Ah.Que smiles all round.
And no one treats me like shit better than I do. I'm extremely hard on myself, unloving even, sometimes self-loathing. I never cut myself any slack and that can make a girl very unhappy.
You know yourself well right now, but eventually you will know yourself better. Your likes will change, your needs will change, and your wants will change with time and experiences. There is no way at all that any of us can predict what our lives will be like in five, ten, or twenty years, because life changes based on our experiences as we go through it. You may not like some parts about yourself right this second, but as you go on and get to know yourself better, you will like yourself more and more. Give yourself a chance to get to know the real you.
You can also meet estate agents, developers, mortgage providers and other professionals who will advise you for free about available French properties
The Clue of the Broken Locket---this is my all-time favorite title. I probably read it twenty times. As is evidenced by the way the first dozen pages have disengaged from the spine, this one is in definite need of being repaired. My long-term memory recalls that Pudding Stone Lodge was a part of this story.
Turkcell also says that one of MTN directors lives in the U.S.
I have faith that one day we will be together as a family, maybe not now, not tomorrow or maybe in the other ways or anything possible, we never know. Sometimes it feels impossible; “That’s why we pray”.
This veggie kugel was a big hit at our Passover Seder last night. Knowing it was low carb and low fat, everyone took seconds of this instead of the Potato Kugel. When we made it yesterday, I used 4 boards of matzo and 20 oz of egg product, but we found the results a little too starchy tasting. So, the proportions below use less matzo and more egg. I am hoping to achieve a more quiche or souffle like texture on our next attempt.
We are so excited about every individual in the production of Esther the Musical that I will be highlighting a different cast and creative team member during the month of April. Introducing Carlie McHale as Queen Vashti.
I took the hint and arranged them more stably than before. (And yes, I need a new bookshelf, or a dozen.)
Molly B
And what are those commandments? “This,” saith he, “is His commandment, That we should believe on the name of His Son Jesus Christ, and love one another (1 John 3:23). Ye see that this is the commandment: ye see that whoso doeth aught against this commandment, doeth the sin from which “every one that is born of God” is free. “As He gave us commandment:” that we love one another. “And he that keepeth His commandment” (1 John 3:24) —ye see that none other thing is bidden us than that we love one another—“And he that keepeth His commandment shall abide in Him, and He in him. “And in this we know that He abideth in us, by the Spirit which He hath given us. Is it not manifest that this is what the Holy Ghost works in man, that there should be in him love and charity? Is it not manifest, as the Apostle Paul saith, that “the love of God is shed abroad in our hearts by the Holy Ghost which is given us”? (Rom 5:5). For [our apostle] was speaking of charity, and was saying that we ought in the sight of God to interrogate our own heart. “But if our heart think not ill of us:” i.e. if it confess that from the love of our brother is done in us whatever is done in any good work. And then besides, in speaking of the commandment, he says this: “This is His commandment, That we should believe on the name of His Son Jesus Christ, and love one another, as He gave us commandment.” “And he that doeth His commandment abideth41 in Him, and He in him. In this we know that He abideth in us, by the Spirit which He hath given us.” If in truth thou find that thou hast charity, thou hast the Spirit of God in order to understand: for a very necessary thing it is.
Woo GM. Daily demands during pregnancy, gestational age, and birthweight: reviewing physical and psychological demands in employment and non-employment contexts. Ann Behav Med 1997; 19: 385-398.
R-Point (2004) and GP 506 aka The Guardpost (2008)
Indonesia has local genius. Do you know Nasi Goreng and Rendang from Indonesia. Do you know Bali? Island in Indonesia archipelago.
The development of this process was premised on two major assumptions: that the basin states could agree on a common vision “to pursue,” and that they would agree to form two distinct sub-basin entities. The common vision (discussed later in the article) brought about a broad target for the process of subdividing the basin and developing two distinct yet interrelated basin development programs: the Eastern Nile Subsidiary Action Program and the Nile Equatorial Lakes Subsidiary Action Program. This process has subsumed national-level decision making beneath a broader basin-wide framework, but with national level objectives built into the range of future development options and projects. The process involved is discussed in more detail later in this article. The political feasibility of the 1990s enabled much of this process to take place, and provided the basis for its mainstreaming within national-level political processes.
From left to right: Amanda, Barb, Nancy, Tara and Cherise.
America is making some of the best coffee in the world and I would be proud to exclaim that across the pond. Our artisan coffee houses are sourcing the top 3% of the top 3% of the best beans in the world and turning them into the finest espresso, macchiato, cappuccino, cortado, americano, latte, and pour-over coffees on the planet.
before the orchard was planted.
our sheenin' country back.
Go see Christina, for every comment on her simple things post her family will donate a dollar to Haiti....she is such a beautiful SOUL....
I've been to the Satsuki x Kaya concert
-Just thinking about your daughter's wedding makes you cry
LORI PETTY (A League of Their Own)
But the big problem remains: I'm not sure what you're satirizing.
Top: Bright Pink Batwing chiffon top from WAREHOUSE
2. My knitting and crocheting heroes( yes both because I knit AND crochet!) have to be the ones who without, I wouldn’t do what I do today. So here goes: My very own ‘Oscar Acceptance Speech!’ (because these consist of saying thank you to everyone involved.)
Or maybe I had the rest of the jar to use before I leave on my trip and I thought this recipe sounded like a good idea. You decide.
Maybe you all didn't realize exactly what it was that I was after. It's so many things but it begins there. It begins with Jack letting me in,sharing himself with me,letting me be his everything so he can in turn be mine. Focusing on little things like chores so that we can learn each other and this lifestyle. Help each other and for the love of Pete move forward together.
Heat the olive oil in a frying pan and fry the onion and garlic over a medium heat. Add the aubergine and the red and green peppers, stirring to combine.
And because of all these reflections, I came to a pretty sound, solid conclusion on what my ultimate goal is, before the big 21 comes:
One last thing of note: while we worked to develop the Soak Up the Son material, my pastor ran across some art he really liked from a company called Stampendous. We reached out to them and they actually donated their orignal art (the umbrella and tree) for the series. If you’re in the market for crafty stuff, hit them up– we owe them some big-time thanks.
Miss13 and I were a little nervous about the class but we were quickly made to feel at ease by the friendly teacher. We were shocked to see the sample cupcakes that we were going to make, they looked so complicated! The teacher announced that we would be making 6 designs in the next two hours! These samples on the right are what we gasped at!
Oh, and do you remember how I told you about the new ward missionaries that were called here? On Saturday afternoon one of them, Camila, came with us the entire afternoon! It was great...she is such a sweet and loving girl and knows a lot of people here, so it really helped to have her on the visits. The best was with Antônia...we have been visiting with her for a while and I know that she knows the church is true, but it was nice for her to hear Camila´s conversion and baptism story. It has been really hard for Antônia to stop smoking, but she is very determined right now and really wants to be ready to be baptized this Saturday. I´m excited for her and we´re praying that she´ll be able to stay strong and overcome her addiction...I know that Heavenly Father is going to see her desire and her faith and effort and will bless her! I´m sad that Elias still isn´t ready to make the same kind of commitment...but hopefully seeing Antônia´s baptism will help give him the same desire.
We can not isolate ourselves and walk in the footsteps of Jesus. He who came to this ugly hard world and spent his days amongst the most dirty in body and soul, who loved the unlovable, who served without hesitation.
Reports of a tablet from Nokia has been scorching around for quite some time now. There were even rumours of a 10-inch tablet with dual-core Qualcomm processor featuring Windows 8 operating system arriving in the fourth quarter this year just a few days back. But they were just rumours.
*If I think about Girl, Missing; Blood Ties and Blood Ransom, you seem to have a recurring theme of ‘identity’ and dysfunctional families. Although in your books these become highly-dramatised themes within the context of the larger-than-life scenarios, is it a conscious decision to reflect the everyday reality of many children brought up in broken homes and, perhaps even, a reaction to the fact that some children sometimes wish they were someone else or belonged to a different family?
Again the show is now on view through April 11th at Montgomery College’s King Street Gallery in Silver Spring Md. It is a wonderful show so if you happen to be in the area please stop by and take a look.
Maybe what I'm seeing as dependence is really a healthy interdependence.
We found a good parking spot and hiked a little way in to find a good little section of an awesome hill for sledding. Matt went down first, and he went down FAST. I started to get a little bit nervous. Especially since some jerkface was sitting at the bottom of the hill with his dogs, and would not move. But I decided to face my fear, and started down the hill.
I have lots of these and it was a bit painful to narrow them just to ten. Ruthlessly, I narrowed it down to just one character per writer, otherwise this would a list of Bujold and Brust characters.
Inebriate me again in Your Love!
Hungry Like the Wolf
The Pharisees and Lawyers—they were sitting there.
Hi there !Wish u and your family a very happy new year .Hope u all have a gr8 rocking year ahead ! It was a long long break of 2 whole months,i really missed my palate corner but was just tied up with the happy holidays and my short vacations around melbourne ,was really not in mood to cook something new,but now in this year i want to concentrate more on my blog and cooking and want to be regular here.I am really very sad as 23rd dec palate corner,my blog turned 1 and it just passed like a flash ,i was not able to post anything on that day as my laptop's hard drive was crashed just the day before and for 10 days literally i was without internet,also my hubby Aj was away to sydney for 3-4 days and so i really didnt had any chance to post something for my blog's first anniversary,but had made few things to celeberate that day and will surely post them soon.I am excited to announce some more awards which i recieved when i was away and therefore posting so late,my apologises for the same.
So, it is right to say that anyone could be loving more than one person at any point in time.
There just wasn't anything I was willing to give up that would be any kind of a sacrifice. So I gave up nothing.
LIFE ON JUDOON: When a Judoon Commander is hit by a hovercar he wakes to find himself not in the future he knows but 33 years before the future. How will he cope in a world slightly less futuristic than the one he knows? As the opening narration says,” No! Kro! Blo! Ko! Sho! Wo Flo Ho! Ro Go! Co Vo Blo So! Kro! Blo! Flo Ho! Ro Go! Co Vo! Ko!”
_____Don't say you're "addicted" to chocolate unless you have sucked a d**k to get some (funny chocolate quote joke)
As for the investigation, well I have to say that the perpetrator was a character I’d least suspected. Blue Angel, White Shadow is a wonderfully written, though provoking crime novel for which Charlson Ong won The Philippines 2011 National Book Award.
No longer will we let injustice prevail
And here’s what I have to say: I really don’t believe that kids who are overprotected will all end up crippled with incompetence and fear when they grow up. In a way, that’s too bad, because it would probably be great for my book sales: Raise your kids “Free-Range” or forget it! They’ll be living in your guest room till they’re 60! And they STILL won’t make their beds.
Die-namics Fish Tail Banner
the primrose and blooms.
I took off my headphones and said it would take him all the way downtown, no problem.
Well, I am not known for my cooking skills, but I surpassed myself totally today and burnt the leeks !! yes I did say that, I cannot even save face by saying there were in the oven, oh no.....they were just steaming away on the hob..........without any water in the pan EEEKKK !!! One black pan later, it was time to get out the Power Spray LOL !! Ha ha, with any luck that will be me barred from the kitchen again, last time I was in there I got Chilli all over my Saxaphone ..........I won't even go there !!
Having said all that, I will now pass on some valuable and perhaps beer-saving information that I wish I knew before I did this. LOOK STUFF UP. Read a book, consult a homebrew website or ask your homebrew shop bloke. What I found out -about ten minutes after securing the cap to the final stubby- was this;
11. Can transform an ardent swordsman into a kawaii youth, and can change the action of pulling out a sword to just raising a fire torch.
Matrimonial Causes Act 1857
Does this make me selfish? Perhaps.
EVEN GOD STAYS AWAY FROM THE VILLAGE OF BETHANY'S SIN
for they share a similar fate
Okinawa is presently host to more than half of the 47,000 US forces stationed in Japan, a fact that has been the source of intense opposition from Okinawan residents.
God is the one that established the idea of authority. Romans 13:1 says "the powers that be are ordained of God." It goes on to say if we resist the powers over us, we are resisting God's design for our good. We need to follow the design that the Creator gave us.
Everyone in my group was setting their garmin and I was joking about how I suck with technology so I don't bother to race with it. I joked that I could barely use my Timex. I thought I was just joking when I said that.
-A trip to New York (flight, hotel, Michael Jackson concert tickets)
Repeat rows 1-3 of original leaf
sneaked out of line and is moving up and down trying
I wanna live every moment, until that day comes
Inside it’s not the done thing to take photographs inside of a Meeting House (the dancing was ok, just not close ups of carvings and decorations as it’s a sacred place, so I content myself with the acceptable photographs of the outside which are ok, well at least as much as the persistent downpour permits.
We have proven that a small group of international bankers have seized control of the planet and its resources. Their plan has been in place for 300 years, and was followed with ruthless efficiency.
5. WEAK BODY. Did you know that there are a ton of vegetarian wrestlers? You don’t need meat to gain muscle. That’s something the meat industry tells you so that you’ll keep buying their products.
**Just a quick reminder that today, Wednesday 11/30/11, is the last day to be eligible for your chance to win the November Buyer's Incentive- the Cricut Scandinavian Christmas Cards cartridge.
We each slept in a cell. 1m83 wide. Each cell has a wash basin, a small wardrobe and shelves, a bed and a desk. And a deep balcony. The floor is black lino and the walls and ceiling are very roughly plastered and painted white. You can sleep, contemplate, read, write. A notice on the door asks you not to eat, drink or converse in the cell.
Ireland has become a breeding ground for some of Europe’s youngest software development talent.
So with no further adieu, and no teleprompter, I set out to destroy one more myth of the American do goodness.
But what they really have in common is the originality
The kids warred on daddy, then Daddy and The Princess warred on Mr 10, and they all had a very satisfactory afternoon.
06-08 Atlanta, GA – Masquerade
I have been following the proposed changes to our justice system over the last couple of months and I am astounded, no, outraged (tabloids' fave word) at how little coverage has been given to the proposed extension of secret hearings.
The question is should she spend the extra $51,273 to go fancy of not. She feels fancy is new wooden floors, marble entrance hallway, granite counter tops and new bamboo cabinets.
Ellie Vicente
Whilst the history of Peg Loom weaving is unclear it is believed to be an old method of weaving cloth. The main advantages of a Peg Loom are the simplicity and the portability. The pegs can also be used for ‘Stick Weaving’, producing strong dense fabric. Peg Loom Weaving has gained in popularity over the last twenty years and Jacqueline has a book that is currently at the printers. I am sure many of us cannot wait to get our hands on a copy as there is a gap in the market for information and design ideas/instruction for this particular method of weaving. Workshop participants had a relaxed, informative and creative day and I am sure individuals left with a wealth of ideas and intentions to continue ‘Peg Loom’ weaving at home. It was most enjoyable
Today another one of my articles got put up on Environmental Graffiti. This one is about an electrical storm that has be raging in Venezuela continuously for centuries. http://www.environmentalgraffiti.com/meteorology/news-worlds-longest-continuous-storm.
Artwork, Secure EAC Log, and Flac fingerprints included.
Its amazing how good they are, performing ‘LIVE’. I will still be moved to tears when i saw how striving & the efforts of each member tries to perfect the concert for their L’Arc fans.
IBU: 35
Agent Vinod’s endeavor at being a sleek Hollywood thriller while at the same time aiming to cater to the drama-hungry, mirch-masala demanding Indian audience brought it down, what a movie like Agent Vinod should offer is a plot that can leave you breathless with anticipation. A thriller that drags on for a major part of the movie is bound to get boring at parts.
fur coat-vintage (so it's ok right?) from stepmom
So who's next on the list? A gramophone sold to Brenda Gluck and a vintage gentleman's magazine sold to Peter Yanket. Okay, immature and ridiculous, but also very funny.
Level 17: MP Cost: 12, Damage: 325%, Attacks up to 5 enemies.
When you want to bake the cookies, preheat the oven to 350°F/170°C.
While I was racing down the river the radio dispatcher called over the police radio like some broadcast from Hell. “KGPL, Car 4DO68, please copy, over?” a man’s voice calmly requested over crackling distorted transmission. “KGPL, Car 4DO68, you have been called in as abandoned and/or stolen, please copy”. Either Detective Braintree or Lt. Sparta must have already called in the car as missing.
Your students have to be able to hear and see and work-obvious, of course, but this isn’t easy to accomplish. This is where the idea of a performance comes in for teachers. I speak from the perspective of a high school teacher. I have taught in elementary school too, where classroom routines are established and important to the children, but teens are my current focus. You have to find some way to captivate and engage your students’ attention when teaching teenagers. If you let anyone take over your “show”, it’s very difficult to regain your momentum (insert in your mind here, any class clown, squabbles between students, chatting, etc.) It’s difficult, but not impossible. In fact, the way you respond to interruptions is key to the way your students will react. Tactics that don’t work include: blowing up, getting angry, or making an example out of the trouble-makers. Instead, there is a way of taking charge while remaining fair and rather matter-of-fact, or neutral in your approach. Just as the elementary teacher sets up consistent rules for young students, the high school teacher also has to be consistent and, most importantly with teens, fair. If your students feel unjustly treated, they will rebel. Listening to them and reacting in a fair manner is just modelling the behaviour you want to see in them. I think it’s also matter of timing. If a student takes over the lead role for a minute, go along with it, then redirect the lesson. I guess, following the performance analogy, teaching is actually more of directing than acting. A good director can lead the activities without needing the attention, but rather, by instilling it. My point, and there really was just one, is that leading a classroom requires taking the time to think through your own behaviours. Luckily, as a new teacher, your students will give you many opportunities to practice this. (Just remember to have fun!)
It is true that there is also a website for This Day In Music, from which the book was first born. In fact, you can now follow this on Twitter, Facebook, and of course there’s even mobile apps for it for people who feel a particular need to look something up while on the go. But personally I love flicking through the book, which I feel is presented in a nicer and warmer manner, and which I have noticed contains slightly different facts to those on the website – they seem to have taken some out and put new ones in – so you’re not getting the exact same information anyway (though for all I know they may have reprinted the book with different facts). The only drawback to the book is that the facts stop around 2005, when it was printed, but it is still fascinating all the same.
At 4:30, I decided it was time for a glass of wine. Imagine my surprise when I looked out my kitchen window and saw three bucks staring back at me! Over the years, I've tried to grow roses, only to come out and see that they have been nicely nibbled by the deer that frequent our neighborhood, but not typically so early in the day.
2. Keep him healthy. If your dog looks or acts sick, have him checked by your veterinarian. Dogs can’t talk. They can’t tell you when they’re sick and they can’t just get in the car all by themselves and go to the vet when they don’t feel good. They rely on you to care for them. A great way to show your love is to make sure that your dog is taken care of when he is sick.
Vol. 1, No. 21, 28 January, 1859, pp. 245-246.
But I don't.
-- On day one of lessons ... wearing my stupid tango shoes ... Somebody has been selling something here. And somebody has been buying it. It includes at least some shoes.
Your Mum would be waiting for me at the airport. I can still remember seeing her there, looking out for me on the other side of Security. Frankly, it brings tears to my eyes to even remember it.
John even quotes Jesus “Destroy this temple, and in three days I will raise it up.” (John 2:19).
I have always loved eating yeasted bread, but making them is a whole different story and feeling entirely! That’s why when this bread came out of the oven, I was over the moon. It was my first whole wheat sandwich bread, and luckily I managed to make it somewhat successfully on my first attempt. However I feel that I would need to make this again more properly next time. When I read that this bread grows very large and rises a lot, I took out my biggest bread pan (a 10.5-inch one) just to be sure, but it was apparently too big for the recipe. Instead of rising upward, my dough expanded to fill the sides of the pan, resulting in a very large but very horizontal loaf. I believe a 9-inch pan would be perfect for the job although a 10-inch pan would be all right as well, but no bigger. And even though I didn’t get the gorgeous round head I always look for in homemade sandwich breads, let me just say, this is one of the softest and most delicious whole wheat sandwich breads I’ve had. There are notes of olive oil in the bread, and when you bite off the crust, you get a burst of sweetness from the brush of honey applied before the dough is baked.
She swears there's a baby on the way
I really want to take him on a regular basis, hopefully once a week if I can manage it. There’s so many aquababies clubs and mum and baby sessions on at various swimming pools near us so I’m going to try one of those out next week!
“Is he aware that, unlike other illnesses for which CBT is used as an adjunct, CBT as applied to ME is the central treatment? And can he assure us that anyone undertaking a course of CBT at a CFS Clinic is not then labelled as being mentally unwell. As others have mentioned, I wouldn't be kicking against a diagnosis of depression for example, if I were depressed. He's misinterpreting our reaction against being labelled mentally ill, it's not that we are rejecting the stigma of mental ill health, it's that we are rejecting the label of mental ill health because it is not a symptom of ME. Which is not to say someone with ME won't get depressed at some point down the road - having a disabling illness that robs you of your life etc would be enough to make the hardiest of souls feel blue. But it's the least of our worries - help us with the other stuff and depression is far less likely to arise as a reaction to the neglect.” Sue Howley, London, sick for 3 years
Mother is the name for God in the lips and hearts of children
Tom: Another polar bear commercial. Eh, not bad, Coke still sucks. Patriots punt again, 8 minutes left in 2nd quarter.
I’m not even exaggerating. The first hour in church is nothing but praise and worship. concert style, then an interview with whoever it may be that Sunday. Just the one before last, we had Eric Omondi, Ojwang’ and Mama Kayai. They rock.
* Fugitive Hamas leader Mousa Abu Marzook, a former mosque leader to whom CAIR funneled at least $40,000.
While you are in the hopping mood, I have a couple other places for you to check out!
Mr. Parker: What is a lamp, you nincompoop? It's a Major Award. I won it!
This is often true in battle, too. The danger is felt rather than perceived, and because someone has the courage to act on mere intuition -- which is often a whole body sense that bypasses what you "think" in order to apprehend the truth directly -- they and their fellow soldiers get to go home (however eventually) in a vertical position, walking to the plane instead of being carried in a flag-draped coffin.
In between his visits, Pauline and I go on our merry way, spending an average of about 6 hours a day doing farm stuff. Sometimes we stop and ask ourselves why we're hand-weeding a lost-cause spinach bed or removing yet another ton of stones from a bed that already had ALL of its stones removed.
Prize includes: Brand new craft tote bag, some paper pad, and some goodies inside exactly like you see the picture below. It will take time to reach my goal of 250 followers, I will post periodic updates on the amount of followers I already signed up. I will add more goodies to me second giveaway like a
His elder brother in Germany has said that Pope Benedict – who turns 85 later this month – intends to cut back on foreign travel, as it wears him out.
-How do you stop your feelings of jealousy?
We served 24 people that day with 2 different sitings.
8. The casting of Jasper, Alice, Carlisle and Charlie was good.
And any other vegetables you can think of!! Have fun with this one! I always do!! Having had been made with homemade pasta sheets made it AMAZING!!
Now, go do your homework!
Lodging Opportunities
Contributions to the Alzheimer’s Association are appreciated. Services are private.
And as for a good PT – for me a good PT encourages their clients to reach their potential, to understand their limitations and barriers and to push past them, a good PT can use the environment to change a routine, to mix things up. A good PT incorporates play, functional fitness, resistance and cardio into every routine without using labels (“…..right we have done your cardio now we are going to move onto the resistance training part….”). A good PT doesn’t use a one-size-fits-all policy and trains clients according to client needs, ability and circumstances – people are different and people change and so should a good PT.
Macedonia remains troubled by major social and economic problems, with over 30 per cent of the population unemployed. About the same percentage of people are considered to be living in poverty.
8X10 prints are $40 and 11X14 prints are $80. Contact Foster if you're interested. Also, be sure to check out his other website, Foster & Edge.
Reporters Without Borders also condemns the suspension of a religious programme on 92.7 Big FM, a privately-owned radio station based in Srinagar, without prior warning on 17 August. The programme, targeted at young people and dealing with social issues, was presented by Mohammad Umar Farooq, a religious leader and chairman of the other Hurriyat Conference faction.
This is my thought garden.
The damage has already been done and the civil service, public healthcare, the railways, ports and road infrastructure bear testimony to the insidious effects of racial preference on South Africa.
With dry faith the pages rustle open:
1 backdoor
Some of the students, whose names were not released by the sheriff's office, felt the toe popping was strange, but none said it hurt or injured them.
I am extremely disappointed in your company’s lack of foresight and planning. I have a washer model WT4801CW that I purchased at the end of January. It has failed, the control system is dead. I have a service tech coming on Wednesday to look at it.
Christian-"To remember...And to...let go."
keep faith in your dead -
This story is awesome. From a literary standpoint, it's not as good as The Bird Catcher or Into the Night, but it's by far my favorite story in the collection.
I think you need to work on the telepathy, you know? Getting inside other people’s heads. It’s like, even if I want to kill another Sithe and she wants to kill me, we at least understand the way each other thinks, what it’s like to be the other person. Oh, and I think you need to look at the stars more. Good gods*, the chances of us and the planet existing at all are so infinitesimal, you’d think a bit of self-preservation would be in order.
The sun peeking through gray skies, bouncing off the snow-capped mountains of the Olympics and sparkling off the water seemed much too cheerful this morning. A sullen day would have been much more in keeping with the way Sierra felt. She paced back and forth in front of the office window. She didn’t believe she had ever felt so alone. She was grateful that her Uncle was an attorney, well a judge to be exact. He had guided her through this dreadful journey, but she knew the journey wasn’t over. There was no time left. She had to make her move now.
until, one day
Detectives say Champion suffered blunt trauma blows and that he died from shock caused by severe bleeding after he was hazed by other band members on a bus parked outside an Orlando hotel. Hazing that involves bodily harm is a third-degree felony in Florida.
The boys and I went outside to play when Buddy got home from school so they could all burn off some energy. When we came back inside the boys wanted dinner. I simply threw a frozen pizza in the oven, I know, not exactly the best meal, but I did round it out with yummy Honeycrisp apple slices. They all devoured a couple pieces of pizza and several apple slices and crept off to the basement playroom. I didn't hear a single word from them for 45 minutes! When I went down to check on them they were all playing and being genuinely nice to each other. Who was I to interrupt? I'm crazy, not stupid! I returned upstairs to bask in the quiet serenity until it was time to visit our friendly neighbors!
She comes! The loosen'd rivulets run;
This thing started as a print magazine in 1977 and now it's on this here interweb. We have nothing, nada, nowt to do with any festivals of the same name so don't send mp3's or anything else with regard to thinking that you'll be set on course for a career in the music business or anywhere else. If you do then you're wasting precious time and effort when you could be bugging the real culprits that are misrepresenting our namesake out there.
"Gingerbread Man" by Mindi Abair
Third, we’re building an enduring partnership. The agreement we signed today sends a clear message to the Afghan people: As you stand up, you will not stand alone. It establishes the basis for our cooperation over the next decade, including shared commitments to combat terrorism and strengthen democratic institutions. It supports Afghan efforts to advance development and dignity for their people. And it includes Afghan commitments to transparency and accountability, and to protect the human rights of all Afghans — men and women, boys and girls.
Whaaaaaaaa??
But the activity which got to me the most was called "Walk the Line". The premise is those who fit the category called out are to walk to the other line across the way and then look at those who are not standing next to you. Likewise, those who didn't walk are to look at those who identify with the category called out. To see boys, girls, men, and women cross the line for a variety of categories brought me to tears. Even times when I had to cross the line caused tears to run down my face. The vulnerability of our fears, our problems, our lives were gone. We were not 25 adults and 125 students...we were 150 human beings with real problems, real emotions, and real big hearts. The outpouring of support and love shown to the people who crossed to the other line was something I will never forget. Even standing on the other line myself, looking out into the crowd of people who had not spent a moment in my shoes, going through what I had experienced to make me cross to that line, is again, something I will never forget.
Hi everybody! Happy Friday the 13th! Hope you’re not superstitious? I’m not. It’s going to be a great day as I don’t have school today!
ESTRELLA LEVANTE SOS 4.8
and the warm breath of an ox and an ass;
It was sacred and fasting month of Ramadan. Few days before Eid Hina’s condition worsened so she was hospitalized. Unfortunately she couldn’t survive and passed away.
As an educator, I get that. The more supportive parents you have, the fewer students you are likely to have who need intensive attention. You do a better job with the challenges you have when there are fewer challenges. Seems logical, no?
até janeiro,
2. Rango – Naturally this also doubles as my pick for BEST ANIMATED FILM. It’s a spaghetti western take on Chinatown set in a desert town populated entirely by varmints. Do you need more than that? Is that not enough for you?!? If not, get off my site; we have nothing in common. I’ve been loving this trend of live action directors getting into the animation game. Gore Verbinski’s deranged energy is exactly what makes Rango into the masterpiece it is. The great cinematopher Roger Deakins also serves as a visual consultant. The combination of photorealistic computer animation and eccentric character design would be jarring in a different film, but Rango pulls it all off.
Around 1955 Jay Cashion and Bob Lumpkins joined and later Bob was replaced by Eddie Conley. In short, the Kapers were founded.Like many others, the cats where infected by Mr. Presley and his wild beat so they booked in the Clifford Herring's Studio in Forth Worth to cut their first rock'n'roll.
But I'm skeered.
When Midnight Madness,
So now back to my rest day as even the thought of last week make me tired and to spend even part of this beautiful day considering what's ahead in the coming weeks makes me more weary. My feet are up to toons are on and the kids and I are just hanging out. Don't worry the quiet won't last long as they will most certainly want to get outside and off to the park to play soon.
Woolworths Employee (Sipho): 'What you want on dah cake?'
I realize that I have gotten really off topic here and I’m sorry for that. I thought that the baptisms were really bittersweet today. Just excellent. And they really got me thinking about a lot of stuff from the past and how far we’ve all come.
blood cells, running up and down narrow stairways of atria
There were ten questions I had to answer, things like “What do you think are some important qualities a page should have?” (I said attention to detail, ability to focus on the task at hand, and friendliness/being a nice presence in the library) and things like that. A lot of the questions were kind of dumb, actually. Mainly the situational ones, like “Your friend gives you free concert tickets for a night you have to work. What do you do?” Duh. I call and ask if I can trade shifts with someone, but if not, I go to work. And “You don’t usually wear a hat or gloves or boots, and one of the librarians asks you to shovel the front walk until the maintenance crew arrives. What do you do?” Um. Ask another page if I can borrow some gloves, and even if I can’t, I go shovel. Like I’m going to say “I would not shovel” or “I’d skip work” in an interview! Not that I would. I was being honest. But those are dumb questions because no one is going to answer in the negative! Unless they’re incredibly stupid, which I doubt they would be if they passed the test.
And it certainly calls for solidarity and sacrifice; forget about compromises. Your combined intentions is to act in the best interest of nationhood and the future of all Malaysians who are the subjects of His Majesty and Council of Rulers and citizens of the same land.
I'm not sure that a tutorial is really necessary since it's so easy and the instructions are on the back of the pectin package. But I'll do one anyway.
NEW: Cannibal Holocaust (Redux) – 1, 2, 3
I was telling him 'bout how I put a picture of a certain presidential canditate on FB and how I was mocking him and how some people didn't like such!
316 and
Holiday Baggage (Not for Children) ... LMN ... 2 AM
And I know the award that matters will come when He says,
Rioting broke out in the area shortly after the shooting and the building from which the soldiers opened fire from set on fire by the crowd.
Answer: It tames a lion better than anything – except maybe a tranquilizer gun. When the trainer holds the stool with the legs extended toward the lion’s face, the animal tries to focus on all four legs at once. And that paralyzes him.
75. A dog can hear sounds that are 100 times fainter than the faintest sounds that a person can hear. If a person can just hear a noise that is coming from 10 feet away, a dog could hear that same noise from 100 feet away.
Do you see how fast the thunderstorm clouds change within a space of 36 minutes? If you see these cauliflower shape clouds in the distance, best to seek shelter immediately. Nobody can outrun a storm, much less lightning.
Disappointing? Yes. But not fatal.
no thirst. He tried to light a cigarette; I gazed, entranced,
but how many of them actually know
You have helped me to know
Just a thought…
It comes with no instructions
But fatigue took over
From Posers…
Birgitte Brilliant, lets hope that Mr Cameron doesnt try to pinch you
him: I appreciate everything you are saying it obvious you have a level of wisdom also and your not naive to the truth.I swear you women have your minds made up and that’s just the way it is.And yes I love you because I put my life on the line for my people more than the state could pay.I have never done one harmful thing to any women that has destroyed her character or moral standards.Let me ask you this Why we in western civilization think we should have one women to sleep with where we were originally given several wives.Because of slavery and other factors we now believe the absolute lie that has been told over years.I’m a king that love my wife and if another women needs to be comfort because she is tired of the abuse then why should she neglect herself to be frustrated.I’m here to share a positive example of love and values which we kings of Africa have done for centuries.Yes I love you and there is nothing you can do about it.
And I felt full...I wasn't hungry.
But since those ideas have been…well…perverted…in many instances, it may make me a liberal Baptist.
Basic activities of daily life also need to be attended to. I plan meals out about four days in advance and have gotten myself and my sweetie on a schedule where we eat out of the freezer on the nights my homework is due. This means I have a resource risk: Time. I have to figure out how to work 8 hours M-F, manage meals for two, do my homework, research and write new novels, marketing, and still see my friends once in a while. Oh right, sleep, too.
I do have a general rule that a person should never lie to their priest or their doctor. I’m not religious, but the rules still apply. The doctor is the one person you should tell the truth to and not say, “I fell into the vacuum, penis first, with an erection.” No one else will believe your cockamamie story, but you should still tell the doctor the truth. Same principle arises if you’re doing crack. There are many drugs which are contraindicated with crack and if you tell your physician that you do no street drugs, he may prescribe you Ritalin and then your heart will explode. Oops. Honesty with the doctor is good.
The wind whipped rain against the windows, forming thin lines of pearling drops on the panes. In the hospital bed his wife slept, exhausted after the long and difficult birth. David sat beside the bed, holding his newborn daughter. He looked down at her, nestled in the crook of his left arm. So small. So fragile. So perfect. Patricia, he thought wonderingly, amazed. My daughter. My life will never be the same again.
Next stop, and one of our primary destinations was Cure, a fairly new and serious cocktail bar on Freret. Just getting there was entertaining enough; our cabbie was full of information and advice delivered from the filthiest mouth I've ever heard. Driving everywhere, over some seriously torn up roads, he insisted we tour the Garden Distrct, which is filled with the most beautiful and exotic mansions I've ever seen. (Sorry, no pictures. Look it up.)
We answer questions. We talk. We give honest answers and logical explanations. We remind ourselves to keep our temper. (You didn’t think the Consequences on our ‘rule’ board was for the boys did you? It is actually to help calm ourselves and follow the steps so we don’t get caught up in the heat of a frustrating moment.) We apologize to our children for any hurt and misunderstandings we cause. We do all these things because the ways we were raised and the different styles of parenting we encountered weren’t bad but weren’t the best. We took the best of those and incorporated them into our own style. Focusing on the why the bad parts were bad and how we can remedy those affects. Being parents is a tough job and it is often hard to put our ego in check. And though completely involving our children is a humbling experience, it is also a very worth while one.
Here it is, as it appeared in the book:
On Saturday morning, C.S. and I helped set a world record. She was one of 6,550 babies changed into a cloth diaper at the same time all around the world. There were 97 babies changed at The Mall here in Edmonton and it was a lovely crunchy-granola mommy fest with cloth diapers and babywearing and breastfeeding all over the place. I wish we had events like this to go to every week.
And I’ve been waiting (as patiently as possible) for The Dark Knight Rises since the run for The Dark Knight ended.
In 1547, Thomas Morgan plotted on behalf of Mary Queen of Scots to depose Elizabeth I, and had to flee to France. Piers fled to CNN in a similar manner.
His ruling coalition has governed Malaysia for more than five decades but made a dismal showing against the opposition in 2008, and Najib is under pressure to improve on that.
Oxford child sex trafficking probe widens as number of 'victims' doubles to 50 girls, some as young as 11
“I can!” He murmured to himself. The lights dancing in the street below. Some festival was happening. He wondered if it was the summer or the winter one.
2 free
I believe that, to change Washington in such a dramatic way, you cannot do it by people who have been there their entire careers.
One final observation: it appears that de la Maza and many Knights have quit, or cut back on, chess after attaining their goal, be it completing the “Seven Circles” program or whatever. I’ve seen this phenomenon happen to myself and others, in many different areas of life. For example, someone quits their job and plays a MMORPG 140 hours a week in order to get the first top-level character in the game, or starts an intense diet or exercise program, or takes up golf or whatever. They put in an incredible amount of time, then burn out once they’ve reached their goal or gone as far as they feel they can. The “Seven Circles” method de la Maza proposes is not for the faint of heart. Towards the end, you’re expected to do 1000 tactical problems, in one day, in under 9 hours. I’m not surprised after completing that ordeal that some people get a bit sick of chess.
1 finely
How are you in naming the characters? Do you spend time thinking of the names, or do you just pick a name randomly. Is it important for you to go for exotic names or you prefer simple, easy to pronounce names? Is a name synonymous with the character’s personality for you? Please share your views on naming characters.
Here are some of my random thoughts about my Van Isle 360 experience:
I've also baked some oaty cherry/raisin cookies, shortbread, and a biscuity, chocolate concoction that is soooo sweet I've had to cut it into tiny chunks before I overdose with sweetness (the sugar variety, naturally....).
The mechanics of the Tooth Fairy have come up in conversation - I think I might need to sew something to mark this momentous occasion.
Finally, around 10 p.m. on the 7th I was a 4...and just in time. The contractions were completely intense....I was in pain....I was wearing out...after 18 hours of contractions I couldn't take it much longer....and I was only a 4?!?! I decided to with the epidural. We have video of me getting it. I keep chanting, "O-kay. O-kay" in the way that Finn said it at the time. I refused a catheter, so The Spouse walked to me to the bathroom since I had little feeling in my legs...he is the best birthing partner EVER.
Afro-IP can only wish the Transitional Federal Government all the best in ensuring political stability in Somalia. With stability, Somalia can move on again to play its part in the international community – including membership of the WTO and ratifying related treaties which encourage foreign direct investment and IP.
Where the children's things are concerned, I have sorted in terms of what Is worthy of keeping for them once they grow. Everything else: GONE!
But maybe QVC PR will tell us differently, if and when they ever get back to us.
* Photographs are not watermarked with other tutu company websites and/or names. Photographs watermarked with other tutu/boutiques that offer tutus will automatically be deleted.
It is into this melting pot that the Bishops continually seek to tread, endlessly courting adverse reaction from one side or the other. And into the ring has been thrown the Mitre of the Bishop of Lancaster Michael Campbell, who has issued a pastoral letter reflecting on the theme of the New Evangelisation, itself very much of the Holy Father’s oeuvre, whilst asking how the Church of today can best meet the challenge of this much needed renewal.
Notice, I said most. If you can pry yourself away from all the superficial coolness of the Abyssal or Draconic bloodlines and play to the strengths of the class, it is possible to be effective. First and foremost, the sorcerer is an arcane spellcaster and not surprisingly, the best bloodline for optimizing that role is Arcane. The bonus spells are all excellent, there's a nice selection of bonus feats and the Metamagic Adept bloodline power is quite handy when you really want to maximise that fireball and still run behind cover.
I know, overly complicated sounding and so boring, but I think that the reason most women go off diets is that once they hit a plateau and the weight stops coming off, they stop dieting and watching what they eat, since it doesn't appear to be working anymore. I also spoke with another neighbor who is a personal trainer and she said the #1 thing that people who are trying to lose weight do wrong, is underfed their bodies. We try to get by on the fewest calories, which barely fuel our resting bodily functions let alone our activity level functions so our bodies go into starvation mode and start to build up fat stores instead of burning them. So wish me luck on my jump starting the weight loss process again. I have about 10 more pounds to go.
Disc 6B (October 8th 1995) Osaka Castle Hall, Osaka, Japan
Mix crushed strawberries with sugar, and let stand for 10 minutes. Meanwhile, stir the pectin into the water in a small saucepan. Bring to a boil over medium-high heat, and boil for 1 minute. Stir the boiling water into the strawberries. Allow to stand for 3 minutes before pouring into jars or other storage containers.
bodies glistening with salt.
At long last the snow has all gone, certainly from our garden, although there are a few piles of snow moved into large heaps around the district, but looking very messy and not worthy of a photograph. However I thought you might be interested to see the lingering snow from last weekend.
hell yeah baby, the davedave is back.
My mind is a mysterious place – and a dangerous one to explore by ourselves.
- The Headcount of a particular Competitor for certain skill
"I dyed it, mother".............
Then he began to talk. One of the worst things about a top talking to me when I'm already in a partial sub-space like I was this time is that it's so hard to hear. I think something happens with one's blood pressure and it messes with the ears. Or something. Maybe it's must a mental thing. So, I kept saying "what?" and tried hard to concentrate.
I do miss the marking on the lens barrel – Nikon, is this possible to update the Coolpix 4500 with high tech markings or using an improved LED readout? The Coolpix 4500 swivel body has more uses than you can imagine. You can even take self-portraits without a mirror. :)
The Lyman Spar-T is a turret press, meaning it has a rotating work head into which can be installed multiple loading dies. The operator has only to rotate the head to another position to have an already installed and adjusted die come into place over the ram. The work head rides on a heavy steel shaft, and is detented for positive but easy placement. This Lyman design places a spur from the main body of the press under the back of the work head, opposite the ram. This supports the work head during heavy sizing operations.
Foreign reserves declined 46 percent to $12.4 billion by the end of 2010 from 2008, the World Bank said in March. They are “at low levels, unlike in neighboring countries,” the United Nations Economic and Social Commission for Asia and the Pacific said this month.
I don’t know why, but after watching MasterChef I always have the urge to cook something quite posh which I’ve learnt from numerous episodes, often involves placing a lovely piece of white fish on a bed of brightly coloured puy lentils. It also gives me the urge to experiment a little, and I often find myself dreaming up new recipes that in my fantasies end up blowing Greg Wallace’s mind.
Today I've used the new Mint and Lilac colours on my hydrangea (perfect matches for G82 and BV00!). I coloured the hydrangeas with Copics - BV00, BV02, BV04, G82, G99, C1, C3 and 0 and I've also coloured the border surrounding the flowers with BV00 and the button on the bow is coloured with BV04 so they match perfectly - got to love that!! :)
I really like him! His no sugarcoating, no bs attitude is exactly what these people need!
Östgaard HC, Zetherström G, Roos-Hansson E, Svanberg B. Reduction of back and posterior pelvic pain in pregnancy. Spine 1994; 19: 894-900.
At the 5:00 service on Christmas Eve in the parish we joined in with there was a Christmas pageant. I love Christmas pageants, but usually they are stressful because I am worrying about some detail or other. Because I had no responsibility, I could just enjoy it. I was sitting on a side pew up front, and Baby M wandered up and sat on my lap, and for a bit I was able to just be in the magic of Christmas.
HENRY JAGLOM: MAGNIFICENT AMBERSONS (1942). I love F FOR FAKE (1972) as well. Orson always said that F for Fake was his greatest film. And of course, he couldn't get it released. It never got seen, it never got reviewed here in the USA. It was a sad experience for him. But F FOR FAKE is a masterpiece.
Once you're engaged you are going to want to shout it from the rooftops, and a great way to get the word out is to have an engagement party. You can throw one for yourselves, but it's probably a better idea to have your parents, his parents or friends throw a party for you. The party can be as formal as you want it to be. Remember, it's up to you and your fiancé to decide how you want to celebrate.
I used to write poetry.
The tragedy of it all is that whiteness has already stymied our efforts to be seen as human. We perform this futile exercise again and again, with the same results. Even as a proponent of black consciousness, with its promise of a self-validation that requires no external source, I know we blacks are defeated before we start -- and this makes me sympathetic to our black follies.
These were dark times for Barcelona though, as they fell further behind their rivals in the 2000/01 season. It was only thanks to a stunning Rivaldo hat-trick in the final game of the season against Valencia that they ensured Champions League qualification. With time eroding and the score locked at 2-2, Valencia looked to have done what was required at the Camp Nou. Sitting three points ahead of their hosts, Hector Cuper’s team just had to avoid defeat in the final game of the season to nudge Barca out of the Europe’s premier competition.
.....and liatris....that never survived either
It’s good to see we don’t need to rely solely on Welsh Government Ministers for economic answers, as the Business and Enterprise Committee is looking into possible Assembly legislation for EU Research monies for Welsh Universities.
or check and seek reimbursement from their own health plan. Valid health
Rebecca:hi Darling ! where you been ? i was waiting for you.
The outbreak gets going though, and it’s pretty insane. There were not one, but three air guitar solos played by Lovelock over the next twenty minutes. But, as Starkwell noted “it took an hour for it to get here.”
Projects like this sound like they may be making an impact. Project Lantern included proposed changes at every level of the justice system, from policing, through prosecution and post-trial release, and even in statutory changes.
On one hand, at least they seem to be taking this news in stride. Look, even the best case scenario of possibilities for the Mets, Torres (nor Scott Hairston, who is also having some troubles of his own) are the make-or-break guys for the team. They were just touch-and-go characters. Sure, Torres must have been considered to be an every day player because there’s not a good reason why the Mets should be rushing den Dekker or Nieuwenhuis.
My next article will give you insight on just how to implement some of these communication techniques and what impact they can have on your sales efforts. Follow us on facebook and twitter for more information on what we do and how it can help you.
*Southern Star Bombshell Blonde … Texas; 5.25% … $.$$
Marlene: What is your favorite line, passage, chapter from this book?
"What's a pita?" Asked my husband when I announced my next baking challenge from Beth Hensperger's The Bread Bible. "It's a puffy flat bread that makes a pocket", I tried to explain. Based on the knowing nod of his head I realized he understood. "For what?" was the next question. "For lunch" was my response. "You or me?" "Me", I assured him. "Ok" And off he went to work in the yard. The funny thing is, after the pita pockets were baked and cooling on the rack he appeared again. The next thing I knew he was walking around munching on one. My husband looked at me as though he were thinking and said "hmmm...these are pretty good". Then he grabbed another. Approval at it's finest.
Boris Kozlov bass
The court went astray in my opinion in its interpretation of “distribute” in Section 106(3), which it held to be synonymous with the term “publication.” The term “publication” is defined in relevant part as “the distribution of copies or phonorecords of a work to the public by sale or other transfer of ownership, or by rental, lease, or lending.” But this doesn’t mean the logic flows the opposite direction, that a distribution is also a publication. But since the court held it did, the court was also stuck with holding that the offer to distribute a phonorecord is also a distribution, and the court’s discomfort with this obvious anomaly led it to place practical limits on its holdings, limits that don’t mesh with equation of distribution of publication, including finding that plaintiffs had not adequately stated a claim of further distribution, i.e., that plaintiffs had not adequately made out a making available. The court’s ruling nevertheless leaves open the possibility that having a work in a shared folder without authorization for it being there might be infringing, even if no one ever downloads it from that file.
your skin's feel and the taste of your lips
well as domestic and
22. Bossa No Praia (Beach Samba) - Walter Wanderley
So, without further ado, ladies and...ladies, I am pee-my-pants excited to announce that I am just over halfway through my one-year project!
While on television, Timelash.
No Lies --- most of these G45 based projects I've been working on since the call went up! I'll show my Graphic 45 specific projects first.. and then show a few that are other companies but that I think really show what sort of a paper craft I am.
To be fair, this record was intended to be a soundtrack and the lack of visual context probably detracts from its experience. That being said, Kirby had an album full of excellent material that could have been used, or he could have composed something unique. Patience feels like a cheap rehashing of a great idea. Without the attention to detail present on An Empty Bliss, the listener has very little to grasp, conceptually or sonically and this record feels like a compilation of looped dixieland lounge music rather than a sonic collage made up of looped dixieland lounge music and if Kirby decides to make another record of turntable music, I can only hope that he takes a little more care than he has here (no pun intended, seriously).
- make Christmas cookies
This week is going to be a busy one. The forecast is calling for another good week for commuting weather, so hopefully I’ll get my 3 commutes in like I did last week. Girls Rock Camp Madison is having a meeting tomorrow night and I have a few things to plan for the weekend.
B) Shows his strong character
Age: Dosen’t say but is beleived to be 24.
Here is a glass basket my basket my Grandmother always had setting on top of the refigerator in her kitchen. When she died that is what I wanted the most because we have old family pictures and I can see that glass basket on the refigerator.
The winner of the Green Tree Diapering pocket diaper is Nicky.
Mr Whyte expelled from the sport for life.
Liar Game 149 (33:54 – 35:37)
The previous comprehensive report completed on stop-and-frisk was done in 1999 by former Attorney General (AG) Eliot Spitzer. Council Member Letitia James— then the Assistant AG overseeing the Brooklyn Regional Office and one of the attorneys working in the AG’s Civil Rights Bureau— worked on that report, which concluded that at the time African American New Yorkers constituted 50% of NYPD stops, Latinos constituted 33% of stops, and White residents constituted 13% of stops.
Brenda, the director, dedicated the show to our son, Adam, and allowed us to publicize the newly formed “Adam Dean Howley Memorial Performing Arts Scholarship Fund.” Mal and I used our own money to start this fund and we accepted donations from anyone who wanted to contribute to it. My good friend, Kevin Burns, sent a very generous check and that encouraged me to make this scholarship program an important project for us for the next few years. Many friends and relatives also gave generously.
Elie and Lauren are flying home later today; soon, my daughter and her husband and baby will join us in the local park to sit in the sunshine. We'll all play with the baby and enjoy watching him crawl around on the grass. My children will run in the sun of this land and I'll relax - another day of vacation knowing, so happy, that I've come home, that I've brought my children home. That two were born here and that all of them know that they may leave - but there will never be another place for them. I hope that Aharon will wake up, that he will be fully recovered soon, and that he will know he never has to go back to darkness and hatred.
Demerara sugar or brown sugar - 3/4 cup.
The life of a college student is always full of events, even if they aren’t as exciting as winning a competition and being a TRA for a week. Biola is no exception. We may have been listed as the “#1 tamest party scene colleges in California” by CollegeProwler.com, but we have things that no other university has. Where else can you win lunch with your president one day and pick up a game of Frisbee with two of your professors the next? Biola is a great school, and we know how to party while being tame.
that I was doing all in my power,
The only quibble I have is that the strength has been reduced — down to 5.0% from the old strength of 6.0% in bottle. I suppose this is excessive caution on the part of the pub company, who don’t want people downing six pints of it and throwing up behind the Christmas tree, but it does mean that it is rather more watery than the unctuous bottled version.
In terms of what to get and what you'll actually use? She almost exclusively wears long- and short-sleeved kimono-style t-shirts, BabyLegs leg warmers, and socks. She's usually chillin like a villian in some variation of this outfit with lightweight blanket during the day (yes, it's 107 degrees out...literally...but thankfully we have air conditioning):
Set expectations early
I've also located the Explanatory Memorandum to the Proposal for a European Parliament and Council Regulation (EC), of 9 December 1994, concerning the creation of a supplementary protection certificate for plant protection products (COM(94) 579 final), which can be accessed here.
Would you be proud of the things they say
Bud Weiser and his beautiful lady move today into their dream house! So while you are playing Stealing, raise a glass and toast their new lives together! (They aren't asking for gifts, here.) Also it is time to friggin' "like" WTIT on facebook. We have over 400 members and only 70 or so have taken that step. Don't get me wrong. Bud didn't expect anybody to, so thank you! We'd like to get the number to 100 today, and WTIT doesn't post much anyway, so you will no be flooded with garbage. Thank you for playing. We never imagined this stupid stealing stuff would be so popular! Here's to the recently engaged and new homeowners, Bud & Kathy!!
In this story, I really wanted Ondelle as a major character. She was introduced in the first book, but we don’t know much about her. The third book will reveal how Briggy and she are connected. Her life is more entwined with Brigitta’s than I let on in the first book. But I needed readers to care more about her, so they became traveling companions in book two.
And the ache of such loss deep beyond my repair.
Some of the utilities in the side yard not the best view but needed. Since we use this yard, I am slowly fluffing it up. I covered it with a sunscreen to help block the sun. It can be brutally hot here in the summer.
Undeterred, Ted thought for a moment. “What about Fight Club?”
Okay, I am TOTALLY doing this one. We were just talking about how we need a new umbrella--my small, old thrift store one only opens on one side and is beyond sad. Crossing the Bugger-Dixon Line gives us a tutorial on monogramming an umbrella, and it is darling!
We live as if the highest commandment is to have a high self-esteem.
I rarely met people who were more sarcastic than me. It was great." - Page 71 This book is hilarious so far and a quick read. ^.^
I am by nature pretty impatient, I have learnt more about this curious trait over the years from my children and more recently through my work in school, however I cannot be relied on to wait when I'm eager to share...
And this camp spectacle of a performance by The Rubettes. I love how much energy they have and how mismatched it is against the crowd's obligatory steady clapping. If I ever end up getting married, or just throwing a huge birthday party I may find a tribute act to recreate this just for the hilarity. But first need to sort out George Michael singing Careless Whisper to me on a table for my 21st. I like the idea of an awkward intimate performance for each milestone birthday..
Because she stands at the backdoor, looks at her tiny pool, and cries until we go outside. I've created a monster. But, she has the perfect swimsuit body...especially in Lilly Pulitzer. So cute!
I don't think the heartbreak is over any person, but over whatever it was in my life that compels me to somehow deny my own existence to the point that I feel honor bound to drive away the people I most want close. I'm speaking of women here. But I guess I keep everyone at more than arm's distance.
So, much to my surprise, instead of heading west, I am now looking up, to Maine. When I was a little kid I thought I’d grow up and live there. As a young adult I thought I’d retire there when I got older. Well I am grown up and I am older and although far from retiring, Maine has always had an appeal.
However, there is nothing more alone feeling than having your friend drive up into her driveway and say “hi there buddy, how was school!” with an aside to you that she has to go now because she is home. So are you, but it’s just you and all your precious free time. Now, lest I sound too pathetic, I enjoyed an enormously busy and full single life, but that didn’t mean that all that free time you so envy did not weigh heavy on my spirit.
I made a wee card using my mist spray as the background and layered up the fab wee Tinseltown images (sneak peek number 2!) to make a little scene! Coloured with promarkers, added lots of glitter and gloss to finish
Nurminen T. Shift work and reproductive health. Scand J Work Environ Health 1998; 24 (Suppl. 3): 28-34.
We live our lives with a constant narrative where we build up the world in our heads, and concepts and thoughts aren’t really language as much as metaphor and our brains trick us into thinking that we just worked through something in an actual language. Go ahead, picture running down to the store for a six-pack of Dr. Pepper and a steak. Did you really just use the words “Yep, there I am driving to the store, purchasing sugary products for an obscene amount of money, and there I go, off to select a part of a bovine that looks delicious”?
Lysius could fully understand the situation if he knew the Lord Jesus Christ as his personal Saviour. But he did not and was groping for an answer. He could do no better than render all to Caesar. Even then, God was using the law of Caesar, to not only protect Paul but to give him credibility for his future activity.
Friedman: Democracy creates Rube Goldberg
He's been playing violin at school for some years now, and he sings and hums all the time. He makes up songs about our cats and sings to them. He plays music by his favorite composer before bed. He's even become a bit of a music snob: he thinks the strings class at school should be playing more classical music (instead of the pieces they do play, which he thinks are corny).
C1 Wind On Water
1940 – Burt Young (actor: Excessive Force, A Family Matter, Rocky series, Once Upon a Time in America, Convoy, Chinatown, Cinderella Liberty, Roomies)
James Graber inhaled the crisp October air and grinned up at the rising sun: his wedding day! All his life he’d lived in anticipation of something grand, something beyond the immense satisfaction of his carriage making, and finally, in about an hour, Suzanna Lambright would become his wife. As he gazed across the road, where the carriages were entering in a steady stream, the clip-clop! clip-clop! of the horses’ hooves made his heart sing to their ageless rhythm.
- Terrible dialogue
And I have found a new way to distract myself from the chaos. I picked this up last night (craigslist, $120):
Thinking that her heart would beat again
Now I'm a guide for the CIA:
of her own mother's hands.
Drummer for U2
I did enjoy my run, and I look forward to more runs, in my boring neighborhood, and hopefully in other places as vibrant as Santa Monica. I love New York, but LA has a laid-back comfortable vibe that's growing on me.
Even now, his technique is not so easily replicated by software. For example his study ‘Sea Nymph’s Mirror’ shows a woman’s face apparently reflected in a shell, but her face follows the contours of the shell, rather than just being a layer above the shells image and to replicate this with software would still be very difficult to achieve.
I commend to you Sendak's essay in William Zinsser's Worlds of Childhood: The Art and Craft of Writing for Children. Published back in 1998, it is widely available, and in addition to Sendak's essay, includes insights from Jack Prelutsky, Rosemary Wells, Jill Krementz, Jean Fritz and Katherine Paterson.
Immediately, the Wood Elves melted from sight and fifteen minutes later, when Felix Wulf returned, all he found were the corpses.
*My school is the BEAST. Friendships from the previous paragraph were formed here. And where most schools divide into cliques like the students we teach, ours is a family. Sure, we have out groups, but there isn't one person in that building I would go talk to or just stop in to say hello. Oh yeah, and they've totally helped me build my program. Almost 170 kiddos at last count for this upcoming year!!!
BF: They only now control the G5 countries.
like a real honey jar so use tape to cover the top of the egg where the lid will be and also a wide strip of tape around the middle for the ‘HUNNY’ label. Boil half a cup of water, mix in 30-40 drops of blue food dye, and one tablespoon of white vinegar. When it cools, gently lower the egg into the pot. The longer the egg remains in the pot, the darker the color gets! Once you are happy with the color, take it out with a spoon, dry it and remove the tape. Then stick the word ‘HUNNY’ in tape to the egg, and pop it back in the pot, just for a few seconds to make the ‘label’ pale blue. Finally, you can use acrylic paint for a blob of honey and leave the word ‘HUNNY’ in the egg’s natural color. If Pooh could see your Easter egg, he might think it looked so much like a honey jar that he would keep it in his personal collection!
Pratyush: – Don’t be. I loved to spend time with you and us waqt I wanted to be with you.
But what I do have a problem is subtly changing the meaning and trying to pass it off as if it's still the same as the original. I think it's clear that Cee Lo felt those words still conveyed the message of the song. But they don't.
Well, for that, it would really be a parent’s decision. Private home tuition may not be regulated but tuition centre, to a certain extent, are ‘forced to compete’ and therefore, wants to offer the best curriculum to help the child learn. And with so many different tuition centres out there, it makes sense to review which are the good ones to consider. Hopefully, this e-book “The Ultimate Guide to Choosing the Right Educator for Your Child” can help you along the way.
It was time for a new covenant. We had proven ourselves totally incapable of keeping our end of the deal. We had a long line of curses coming our way and things weren’t getting any better. So God became a human for us. Jesus lived a life in complete right-relatedness with God. At the end of his life God sealed a new covenant with us – in Jesus’ own blood. And when he hung on the cross Jesus – representing us – felt the weight of every single one of the curses that were the result of our disobedience.
The slippery slope argument is simply that if “A” leads to “B”, then “B” will lead to ”C”, “C” to “D”, etc, forming a natural, logical, and perhaps unavoidable progression to “Z”.
As the drama was unfolding, the narrator explained that this was not so far from what happens in the wild. In the wild, elephants live in matriarchal groups—no grown-up males allowed. Females in estrus go off for breeding and return to their herd of female relatives to wait two years for the birth of their calves. When these wild births occur, they are big events. All the aunts and sisters of the expected gather round. When the baby arrives, he/she is surrounded by loving females, who all use their trunks to explore the new baby and help him to his feet and to his mother.
I was so glad that I found this short story as an e-book; it is a quick easy read. But also has the parallel’s to everyday life, as much of Martin’s work does. I think that what makes him a brilliant and intriguing writer is his ability to fashion imaginative stories from the everyday. His stories are enthralling, mystical and enchanting to read.
Round 2 of chemo started on Thursday and is going well. The best part is that we finally got out of the quad room on Saturday morning. Happy dance!
Monica Huggett, artistic director and violin
We are substandard; He is THE Standard
Thus, the command of Galatians 5:25 takes on added importance. “If we live in the Spirit, let us also walk in the Spirit.”
As I sat in the waiting room covered in a paper gown, I wondered if this time would be like the rest and it would only be a fibroid. As the technician smashed first one and then the other breast between those cold metal plates I felt numb. Most women speak of how uncomfortable it is but in all honesty I did not notice. My thoughts were on the surgery I was schedule to have in a matter of days. The technician came back and informed me that they did not see anything on the scan and wanted to do an ultrasound since I had definitely felt something. I watched her as she rolled across my breast where I had indicated the lump. I was then told to go wait in the waiting room while the radiologists looked over the ultrasound. When she came back out to get me and told me that the radiologists himself wanted to redo the ultra sound I knew something wasn’t right. The radiologists explained to me that he was concerned because I had all the markers they look for. The two I remember the most were that it was solid and that it was irregular in shape. I don’t remember getting up off of the exam table and getting dressed. I do remember sitting in the waiting room while they made an appointment for the next day for a biopsy and noticing how little info there was on what to expect next in the brochures they had. As I walked out of the hospital I called my mom.
The mule kicked off a new one
The sticking-point for DCNS is the Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development Convention on Combating Bribery of Foreign Public Officials in International Business Transactions, signed by all 34 members of the OECD including France in 1997. The convention establishes legally binding standards to criminalize bribery of foreign public officials in international business transactions and provides for a host of related measures that make this effective. Thus the alleged bribery by a French company of Malaysian officials became an offense under French law.
“Come, follow me,” Jesus said, “and I will make you fishers of men.”
Charlie"My advice to Charlie was.....
A new trial will be held on October 19, 2011 at the BGH in this matter.
3-4 strawberries, chopped
True. Verified by Joe McGinniss.
The Panthers have signed safety Reggie Smith, who spent the last four seasons with San Francisco. Smith primarily was a backup and special-teams player, but he did start the final seven games of the 2010 season.
Keep checking back this week for more posts, and more chances to win additional blog candy!
It is celebrating is 20th anniversary on the home shopping network, and Jenniefer Kirk, known by Kirks Folly collectors as the Fairy Godmother, was in the house in West Chester, Pa.
Forth: Taiwan:
The Hot for Halloween Challenge started this week. My starting weight leaves me with 19.8 lbs to lose - 12 of which I set a goal to lose by the conclusion of the challenge...
Now, without giving anything away, how do you foresee your future going? The first time I performed in front of a crowd that was larger than 100 or so people I was sixteen. My father let us open for one of the major bands he was producing. Even though I love music, playing, singing from my soul....I was terrified. In my mind I’d imagined everything from the sound to forgetting the chords going wrong. I was literally sick with the thought of stepping into that spotlight. My father sat me and Aden down the morning before that show. He told us that if we weren’t afraid of that night, then that meant that we didn’t want it bad enough, that embracing who you are, and expressing it with every part of your being was part of life. He said life was not always bliss, if it was, we would all be rather bored. He coached us through how not to see the crowd, but to be a part of it. To become the music, to flow with the aggressive sound, to act like we were born to do what we were doing.....he said when that when it was over, we would become addicted to the emotions we felt as the crowd roared, that all at once we would feel everything, and nothing at the same time, that even if the world ended that night, we would die smiling, accomplished, invincible. He was right....that night did not make me and my brother musicians....it taught us how to live. In a way it prepared us for everything we have seen, witnessed, endured...playing live for that many people - facing all your fears just so you could show the world that you deserved to do what you loved, to prove that the pain that may come with your dreams was shallow in comparison to your passion. I will never forget that lesson. I hear him in my thoughts when I think of what lies ahead for myself and the ones I love. I know my heart will pound in my chest at times, that my hands may tremble, that adrenaline will become a drug for me, for all of us, but I also know that once we get through what’s before us, once we understand the purpose in our dark gifts that the world will see that there is not one soul that does not deserve forgiveness, a second chance. I won’t lie, I feel the same way I did before that first concert...I’m terrified, and furious that I don’t know what’s coming at us, or how to overcome it, but I know that one way or the other....I will not leave this world in the same way that I found it...none of us will.
10 The Girls Of Sao Paulo
As our expression
Website: Jim's Homebrew Forum - Full of useful information
Did you know that elephants sleep only 3-4 hours a day?
The British National Party in the Epping Forest District is going through a major restructure.
Strength: In a conference as rugged as the Big Ten, being able to score over 77 points per game is amazing, but that’s exactly what the Hoosiers did. They’re actually probably very excited to play teams out of conference so that they may be able to score a little freely. Led by the all-everything freshman Cody Zeller, the Hoosiers led the Big Ten in scoring offense, field goal percentage and three-point field goal percentage. They are going to be hard to guard in the tournament.
I’m sorry that there will be no fiber arts in this post, nor any musings about my family or bi-polar disorder. I feel that this post contains something that needs to be said. I don’t generally go out of my way to do or say anything controversial. I am a firm believer in “he who sticks his neck out is the one who gets his head chopped off.” But this subject seems to be appearing more and more lately, and it needs to be addressed.
It's nice to see genuine sci-fi now and again, since the genre seems to have been kidnapped by comic book fanbeings and big explosions ever since George Lucas decided to revive Star Wars (and then murder it repeatedly). Everything's gone a bit pulpy and popcorn-brained, and we can't think of a single sci-fi film from the last 10 years that was confident enough to be (1) slow, (2) filmed on a low budget, and (3) not using any guns or lasers or aliens or killer robots. The only film that sort of approached serious sci-fi high art recently was Sunshine, but then it too was derailed into a sort of half-baked Event Horizon sequel (and, much as we love Sam Neill, the world really only needs one Event Horizon). Moon then is refreshing in its adult simplicity.
Have you ever wondered why good to great employees leave your company or your team? Have you ever thought of what you could have done wrong or how you could have supervised them better when they were still with you?
to Abraham and his descendants forever,
There are several ways this could be done, of course, including a bookstore signing, a signing or event at another facility, or a party at your home. For CHRONAL ENGINE, we had a public party and signing at BookPeople and a private reception at our house. We chose to split the event so we could have something open to the public but also be able to celebrate with members of the immediate community (I will talk about a launch party/reception in a subsequent post).
Cockroaches, termites and bed bugs get a lot of press. However, carpet beetles should really join your most unwanted list. They can literally eat you out of house and home. Carpet beetles will eat just about anything,: carpets, furniture, lint, hair, garments, blankets, pet food, animal nests, animal carcasses (dead mice), dead insects, leather, even pollen.
Cover and simmer 10 minutes.
Furthermore, I’d like to believe that individuals are capable of evolution and reinvention. I’ve tried to be open to these processes myself, with variable results; just the same, I’ve changed. I'm not the same person at 50 as I was thirty years ago. Thank heavens.
So....my intense driving period is over; I'm back at home, trying to clean, catch up on laundry (with the new washer and dryer, it's nothing to complain about), determined to get the tree up, and making jokes with Eöl about the Soul. "It's my turn to use the Soul."
But, look, don’t bother with this book. Instead, go download the new album (it’s incredible), as well as some old ones, and consider buying a ticket to one of the shows on the upcoming tour. The concerts are often described as astonishing, and that’s an understatement. They’ve been compared to revivals or religious experiences. I’ve never been to a revival, and rock and religion are dubious partners. Yet magic does happen at a Springsteen show, and if you’ve never been, you will regret it one day. You’ve already missed seeing Clarence, God rest his soul; don’t miss Bruuuuuce.
or getting fastpasses and then slowing down to enjoy it all.
‘bundoran shale’ ‘Aha! blunders on’
I didn't feel like moving the corpse into the trash, so I left it for this morning.
Bella's birth story- I went into the doctor for a regular appt. and the doctor stripped my membranes and told me he hoped I would go into labor that night but to me that was far off becuase I have had my membranes striped with every baby and nothing has ever happened. When I got home within 2 hours I started contracting, nothing to regular but for sure a lot, by 5 pm they turned in to every 8 min, by 8pm they were every 5 min. We decided to go to the hospital at 1 am and sure enough I was in labor. At 4 am they asked to give me the epidural and I decided to wait a bit on it so by 8am I had it and 4 hours later Bella was born. When I was at a 10 they asked how long it takes me to push my babies out and I told them about 2 hours so when I only pushed through 3 contractions and she was born I was in shock. I guess after her big brothers she just slid right out. lol. It was the easiest delievery I have had. She was perfect in everyway, the first thing I did of course was checked to make sure I didn't see a weiner. lol.
109 1. “The Obscenity and Freedom Tightrope.” Chicago Tribune, January 14, 1973, sec. 2, p. 3.
I'm still reading Caitlin Moran's How To Be A Woman - I save it for a treat at bedtime. And I'm reading a survey (am buying - hopefully - a flat). And I'll soon be doing a second proof read of The Making of Her, before it goes off (eek) for printing.
It may be that spiritual practice provides a gradual opening to higher energies and potentials, so that when the full shift into awakening occurs, it isn’t as drastic. Those energies and potentials don’t overwhelm us, because we’ve already opened ourselves to them.
The priest says, "Oh, Mary, that's terrible. Tell me, Mary, did he have any last requests?"
None are so hopelessly enslaved as those who falsely believe they are free. - Johan Wolfgang von Goethe
The Good Food Awards celebrate outstanding American food producers who push their industries towards craftsmanship and sustainability while enhancing the agricultural landscape and building strong communities.
But… there’s no such thing as chance. Not really. Everything happens because of something else, never randomly (though it may appear to). For example, why did I go down that street and not the usual one? Because something made me – I may not know what it was, but something made my brain make that decision. Nothing comes from nothing. Why does a coin land heads up? Because of physics, not chance, because of how it was spun, or the air currents, not because some random god controlled it. “Luck is just what we call it,” says Jack in Wasted. And he’s right. That’s what luck is – just our name for events that we seem not to control.
Everyone now distracted because they know someone broke rule #1 of bringing your lunch to work.
And as I recounting the information as it unravelled from Thursday evening (which is where he miss out from) when Fuad Khan gave an interview to I95.5, I and all had to pause at the sheer marvell
The only weirdness will be the cookies on the board won't work until the
Motörhead was formed in 1975, after bassist Lemmy Kilmister
ink following patterns until
5. Talk to your family now so they know your wishes from you personally, to both reinforce your wishes and to make arrangement for their transfer. You may want to enhance or encourage their involvement in your genealogical research and activities right away. Which one(s) of them wants to take up your ancestral quest? Resolve questions and associated issues about your genealogy data and work with them now, while you can still talk to them.
No trailer I’m afraid.
Given the crisis in affordable housing, and the number of families in need, Chiodo said James hoped that the affordable units at 80 DeKalb be skewed toward larger apartments. "Ideally I would like to see a mix of 15% studios, 30% 1 bedroom, 50% 2-bedrooms, and 5% 3 bedrooms," James said in a letter submitted to HFA.
Without discipline our world would be a crazy murderous place with no order and no SUCCESS.
P.S. The song is called Letter To Me, by Brad Paisley, in the country genre, on the album Fifth Gear. Or is it 5th Gear? Anyways all his albums and songs are very real and very awesome. I love him. But my sister loves him more. Too bad he’s married. Not to my sister though. I think she’s now obsessed and wanting to marry Blake Griffin.
But often, I think, it's actually the other way around: Sometimes the leader barely seems to move, but the follower gets to do some lovely step--and adorn it if we wish--that looks and feels wonderful. Then we look like the stars, while the leader certainly does his share of hard work, without necessarily a lot of flash. It must take a lot of practice for a leader to achieve a level of skill where he only needs to slightly shift his shoulders to lead his partner to a turn or a cross. Lord knows I couldn't do it, the few times I've tried to lead, in practices. But it's a feeling I enjoy very much as a follower.
Food (I feel weird saying 'fuel'): I cut my maragarita shot bloks in half, and liked it much better. I think I ate one like every mile after 4, except for those when I had a GU. Took 3 GU's - one at mile 2 (because I was totally dragging and needed to wake the hell up), one at 4, 8, and 16. Might have needed more, or more for breakfast since I started 3 hours after eating. Will definitely be more careful with the night-before meal, and make sure to eat my usual banana pre-run (we were out). Maybe even something salty.
the leaves,
According to the Japanese authorities radioactivity is being dispersed or diluted in the ocean.Let us hope this is true. Else just imagine the damage and the time taken for nature to restore the damage.
In a medium saucepan, stir the mix, milk, and coffee over medium heat. Once the pudding starts to boil, stir constantly for one minute, and then remove it from heat. Let it sit for 5 minutes, then stir it constantly for another 5 in order to cool it down. It is ready for the next step once room temperature.
In 1985 there were 42,000 black students at 5 universities in South Africa, about the same amount at the universities of the homelands. But many foreigners have never even heard of the homelands.
Her foster sister Onyx perhaps has the opposite problem: She’s a very bold, extremely intense Belgian malinois/shepherd cross and she is just stunning; she is sable with orange-rust-colored eyes and looks like a wolf. Onyx sounds amazing, but probably way too much to handle for us, being first-timers. Her foster mom says she is twice as intelligent and twice as energetic and driven as any shepherd she’s ever fostered! Schutzhund–and daily 5-mile runs–would probably be best for Onyx. She doesn’t sound like a fit for us, but I am excited to meet her just the same.
-k8edid
"What? I don't think so. Must be around here somewhere, you should find someone and get on that."
www.andsowewait.blogspot.com (link on right sidebar!)
I'm definitely a margarita gal, and you can't beat a Corona, so I can only imagine how great it is! I'll update this post and let you know how I liked it after I try it out Saturday! Have any of you tried it yet? Of course, this should go without saying, but you must be 21 or older to drink alcoholic beverages and as always, please remember to drink responsibly.
“I have nothing to hide,” Mr Pyne said. “I was simply passing the time of day. We had a beer and a political discussion.”
15. John Upton, London Review of Books, p.9.
Instead of retribution, we are moved by a gracious God to be persons of grace.
In a medium bowl, whisk together flour, baking powder and salt. Set aside. In a small bowl, mix together milk, vanilla and strawberry puree. Set aside.
I sprinkled a little coconut on the top of the cake. I then melted white chocolate chips and added food coloring to get two different shades of pink. I scooped the melted chocolate into two different sandwich baggies with the corner tips cut off and used them like pastry bags. I piped heart shapes and the word, "Love" on wax paper and then placed them in the fridge for a few minutes to firm up. I then just pulled the hearts off the wax paper and arranged them on the cake.
Meant that he would die
How do you qualify for a free catalog?
"Long before psychogeography became a modishly over-used and under-comprehended term," we read, "Robinson was out on the dérive – talking to the islanders, walking the rimrock, surveying, dreaming, recording. In bad weather, of which there was plenty, he would hold his notebook and pencil inside a clear plastic bag, tied shut at his wrists, and proceed in this manner: a deranged dowser wandering the mists and the storm-spray."
my favorite food, and hitting the open road.
Crawl, or walk.
and we shall
~ Bus duty today...and Monday, then that's IT! I'm leaving this school with a bang!
Thursday - homemade meat pie in honour of Australia day
So now I have to wait until March 14th for the excitement to start up again, I guess I'll survive!
While reading, I realised how little I know about China now. Like the protagonist, Judge Birgitta Roslin, I was quite interested in China in the 1960s. My interest was sparked by reading a book by Felix Greene, The wall has two sides, and one of the things that caught and held my interest was the mention of the fact that there were trolley buses I had a thing about trolley buses back then, and still interested in them even today, though there are now none left in South Africa.
They're the sort of wine you buy from a French co-op and I frankly don't see anything wrong with that for everyday drinking.
Getting to know all about you.
Let there be no doubt – if you ask me, this new Gintama was a lot more fun and had a lot more of good moments than the previous anime series, when looking at it relatively. I loved the Kabukicho Four Devas Arc, which was one of the first – the scenes were beyond godly. The action and the way some characters acted in that arc, can only be described as "badass". I think it was then that I realised just how awesome this continuation of Gintama was. When it comes to the humor, it was even more enjoyable than the first series – and truthfully I don't know if it's because I've warmed up to Gintama's crazy humor or because it's just really funny.
There was a kit from Home Depot the Rust-oleum cabinet kit. (they also have a counter top kit too that looks awesome). When you buy the kit there are a bunch of different colors to choose from anywhere from white to black, I choose Espresso. There are 4 steps. Step 1 was the deglosser that you scrub on with a green sponge and it got the glossy stuff and dirt off the cabinets, instead of sanding.
There’s really not a lot to say about Hugo. It’s on another level and at par from its contemporaries. The language and the message it conveyed is so universal hence the whole world adored its magic and drama. I really hope producers and directors 3D films or fantasy pictures will start spending more time digging and drilling down their storylines – it’s not all about the tricks and the glitz – at the end of the day, a film is remembered because of its depth and closeness to reality.
The UK seems to be on the verge of an explosive class war fightback. When it comes to unionised, public sector workplace and not-even-really-heard-of-unions private sector workplace alike, it will of necessity be non-hierarchical, orientated towards direct action, and outside of bureaucratic control. When that happens, 'what works' will dictate the structure of our revolutionary organisation, and these minor ideological squabbles - more based on what books we've read than divergent class interests - will surely fade from the memory.
5 carrots
If you'd like to book a place on this class please visit my website HERE. There are various options and add ons that you can have. Also, please remember that if you spend over £45 this month you will receive a set of patterned papers of your choice and this class qualifies for this! Hope to see you there!
So, sort if a UFO but not really. I am going to work on a store display next. Radioway by Jaybird Quilts in Moda's Salt Air.
What is secondary infertility?
This is the perspective of the Good News that your spirit has been waiting to hear – The Good News of the Victory of God’s Kingdom over the Kingdom of Darkness. A Victory that sets you free to be the person the Lord God created you to be.
So what do YOU think about the West Germans ruining our potato harvest? Do you agree that it is a feeble attempt to undermine the ideals of the Democratic Republic that WILL NOT succeed? Or do you agree that it is a feeble attempt to undermine the ideals of the Democratic Republic that WILL NOT succeed? Please leave your thoughts in the comments section provided. Please note that any comments made will be subject to detailed analysis by loyal members of the East German security services.
Karen & Stephen Edwards have even included the good old Chip Butty. And I know a few people who would go the distance just for that dish alone.
Where kinghts and squires come riding down
“P-p-p-pardon” Lisa replied somewhat shocked.
October 5 @ La Sala Rossa w/ Liam Finn & The Veils (Montreal, Quebec)
“Oh, you are a clever one.”
Which I still try to do.
we can never see in its entirety?
I don't want anything to do with words,
geocaching
Sonny Rollins: Tenor saxophonist Sonny Rollins was already one of jazz’s greatest players and composers when he recorded 1965’s On Impulse. Thirteen years later that album’s template, There Will Never Be Another You, caught live several weeks earlier, finally appeared. Here, they’re together at last.
½ tsp vanilla extract
'Confer' is derived from the Latin 'conferre' which harbours three meanings: to compile, to bestow and to compare. Inevitably, as a first collection, 'to compile' is particularly resonant, encompassing as it does the peculiar practice of gathering together and ordering one's poems.
If you claim Jesus Christ as personal Lord and Saviour you are to experience that constant relationship. The things of earth do grow strangely dim in the light of His glory and grace. Then with the apostle you will say, “God forbid that I should glory save in the cross of our Lord Jesus Christ” (Galatians6:14.
“This has been going on for 2 months! You call, let it ring once and hang up!”
MORE THAN 150 BILLION ANIMALS ARE SLAUGHTERED EVERY YEAR JUST FOR FOOD.
we had a few long, kind of discouraging days but we made it thru.
We were inseparable...
Good beer that I bet is really good on tap. The alcohol bite bothers me, but I'm chalking it up tot he age of the beer, which is my fault. I need to drink more.
Of course, today was Fly Friday.
Still, people should stop saying negative things about our appearance!! -___-... I rather look different than "normal".... so if you have nothing nice to say don't say it at all XD!!
The rest of the album unfolds with an almost-perfect arc. The first three songs are the big hit singles, and perhaps a stumbling block for any of you casual listeners who might break this album out after reading this: “Streets,” “I Still Haven’t Found What I’m Looking For,” and “With or Without You,” have been so overplayed for the last quarter century, that it’s hard to hear them objectively. These songs are everywhere, still, you could here them at the grocery store or a sports bar or on different radio stations that play alternative rock, or 80′s hits, or classic rock, or just “best mix of hits” etc… So, especially taken in three in a row at the beginning, you have to try to listen to them again like it’s the first time and take them on there own merits. There’s a reason they were such massive hits that still resonate.
Nceba Sodo: What can we do to protect our black babies from these future oppressors and racists????
Ch 60, sc in second ch from hook and in each ch accross, 3sc in last ch, working on opposite side, sc in bottom of each ch accross to last ch, 2sc in beginning ch.
Surrender your heart
After a brave battle with the unknown illness, and after recovering from the two sedations necessary to explore all possible problems, Tanvir passed away quietly during the night.
Islamist members of Egyptian parliament, however, accuse these laws of “aiming to destroy families” and have said it was passed to please the former first lady of the fallen regime, Suzanne Mubarak, who devoted much of her attention to the issues of granting the women all her rights.
You know the bed feels warmer
Yikes, right? The episode picked up with Jo Lee attempting to strangle Tommy with a chain. Tommy pretended to pass out and then sneak-attacked his dad, much to his mother’s dismay. After a few minutes of fighting, Tommy got the upper hand and managed to kill both of his parents. He didn’t seem bothered by killing his dad, but he was devastated that he hurt his mom.
by Trent Merfeld
“Haki niko na makojoo…” gathers her fantastic body up and hobbles into the bathroom. Comes back and commands me to put on a condom. Same concerned stare at my dick. She refuses to sit on it. I go up and start. Some minutes later, she starts piping up her broken condom concerns again. Fuck.
S: Ice cream of the vanilla variety. Swensons on Hyde Street in San Francisco has a groovy French Vanilla.
Basically Sherry had read the opening chapters, loved them, and then sent me an email that I needed to check out Courtney’s work asap. Funny enough, I had gotten the email from Sherry right before a conference where Courtney had already scheduled to meet me in person to give her pitch.
Meanwhile all sections of the press sought refuge in a ridiculous show of Mandela-worship, hoping desperately that this would protect them from the regime's ire. Anthony Sampson was dispatched by the ANC to go round Fleet Street demanding that the present writer not be published in any British paper - a foolish and illiberal errand which ended in complete failure.
I have, on the advice of Amazon, deregistered my Kindle in case someone picks it up and starts buying ebooks on my Mastercard with complete abandon. Until I find it (or give up and buy a new one) I can still thankfully read on my iPad or iPhone ... but it's not the same.
He wouldn’t elaborate, but I’m pretty sure I should have been offended. I mean, exactly
Manchester City know the importance of time. Their late strikes on Sunday brought their total of stoppage‑time goals for the season to 10. Arsenal were next best with six. In keeping with a season in which their last few matches were a pointless formality, Wolverhampton Wanderers scored no goals in time added on" Guardian
By Karen Jordan
RW human tribal is next in line. This one can be really aggressive, and that’s good. There is allot of support for human in white and red and they have many great rares as support. This deck wants 18+ creatures and the rest in removals and support. Normally, I wouldn’t recommend 1 power creatures in sealed, but because of the power boosting spells and the human counting one, they gain their place here, but you still don’t want too many. Other than that, it is fairly consistent and has access to a bunch of good removals. A good strategy overall. Just be extremely careful against flyers, as you can’t interact with them in any ways other than Thunderbolt(R).
Andrea Roberts posted this yesterday on the Reece's Rainbow online forum...
Boar Bristles – Hair from wild or captive hogs. In “natural” toothbrushes and bath and shaving brushes. Alternatives: vegetable fibers, nylon, the peelu branch or peelu gum (Asian, available in the U.S.; its juice replaces toothpaste).
Big surprise, I can't deny.
just a few pictures of the finished ones i did last night (or i should really say this morning)... lots of new fun papers being used.... these notepads are really tedius work.... the HK's are actually... all are cut with the sizzix dies and YES i do cut out each and every whisker for each and every one that i make... so of course that takes some time... 6 notepads in a day is quite an accomplishment for me.... LOL... the challenge is trying to get different layouts... with the notepad being small and the HK's kinda on the bigger side, it's been hard... guess i could if i didn't use so much DP... hehehe!
Typing that nearly brings tears to my eyes, and I'm struggling what to work through next. I think what I need to do is write an homage, just to express my feelings in case I'm not able to get this beer any longer.
I can share 2 gifts I made last week, both were pretty quick and easy so you might still have a chance to copy the ideas if you're so inclined!
It's easy to get wool from Tammy because we live in the same town. Lots of fun looking at wool, drinking coffee, and discussing upcoming projects and adventures. I'm going to do my first crocheted border on this one. I got a lovey print that blends nicely with the rug. I don't want anything too strong that makes it look outlined. Just a pretty soft crochet. I'm so excited to do this!
For the glory of the LORD
The Milwaukee 6955-20 is a 12-inch dual bevel miter saw that promises power and precision. The 15-Amp, 3.3-Max horsepower direct drive motor is extremely innovative. It has a new constant power technology that ensures constant speed under load.
What I'm hoping for is a renovated room - I don't mind sharing a kitchen, but I have been down the dark, dingy road of shared showers, and I do NOT want to wash my hair in a little box full of floating plasters and leg hair. Having said that, since I am also not a pussy, I will not be totally freaking out if I do have to.
Call your salon and ask when the trunk show for a particular designer will be held and make an appointment. Trunk shows book up fast so be sure to make an appointment as soon as you learn the dates.
Fourteen (14) pages (15 if you count double pager as two) Jungle Action #11
All Glee is these days is a glorified radio station. They just sing songs on the show because they are what's hip in music today. Not all the songs, no...but most. In season one, the songs had deep meaning to the characters singing them. They were usually always relevant to the story. Now it's just a cheap gimmick to promote popular songs and virtually have no relevance to the overall story of the episode. I don't care about any of the characters anymore. Even Sue Sylvester is incredibly dull now. She used to be the funniest character on TV...now we are lucky if she has one funny line an episode...or if she's even an episode at all. Her shtick just seems so forced now and tiresome. I feel bad for Jane Lynch, because she's great at what she does, but the writing has become dismal.
Norfolk State’s starting lineup placed several free swingers at the top in place of the more patient hitters; possibly a mistake being that there is only one home run within the lineup to be accounted for during the entire season.
Guess I should apologise for the lack of quality content in recent months, apparently in my World, Mikel Arteta joining Arsenal is kinda a big deal!
The main difference between the original ship and the 21st century remake won’t be visible to the average traveler, however. Titanic II will be powered by diesel fuel rather than coal (the four legendary smoke stacks that make up the famous ship’s profile will be purely decorative). It will also feature a more bulbous bow for greater fuel efficiency and an enlarged rudder and bow thrusters for improved maneuverability.
2. River’s Gonna Rise
THE LEGENDARY PINK DOTS
Barnouw suggests that true objectivity is a straw man; impossible when applied to a human-created art form. Each member of our species has developed a complex enough psychological and existential worldview that we approach every aspect of our life colored by conscious and unconscious biases. A decision to take an action, make a statement or ask a question will inevitably communicate these biases, intentionally or unintentionally.
This is a Viognier from Lorna’s own Stonehill vineyard and winery and it is superb. The flavours are subtle and elegant with lovely concentration, a creamy texture and clean balancing acidity – 91/100 points.
I first started writing in high school, but I wasn’t very good at it then. As soon as I graduated and started college, I started writing my first serious novel. It took me a while to write it though because I was focusing all of my attention on my school work. I finished it shortly after graduating with my bachelor’s degree. So, I’ve been writing for over seven years now. I have always been an avid reader, and it made me want to get my ideas out there and onto paper for others to read. I find it hard to explain my thought process when I first thought, “Hey, I wanna be a writer,” but I just had all these ideas flowing. I wanted people to experience different worlds through my writings and be involved with these characters I’ve grown fond of in all these years of creating them.
Here’s what else I learned:
The next edition of the Call Of Duty franchise is set to be announced tonight but its name has already been revealed.
I have a couple coupons that will get you a free 8 X 8 photo book for free, you pay only shipping which is usually $7.99 on 8 x 8 book. I received the coupons but they are good for new customers only so I can’t use them. If you aren’t a Shutterfly customer and want to try them out and get a free photo book leave me a comment and I’ll send the first three responders one of the coupon codes I have.
After such a sobering week dealing with my Grandpa's illness and his move into a nursing home, accompanied by Gram (and I'm so far away, so far...), I needed a little laughter.
Since my first visit, I have attend 6 more, so I have a pretty good amount of experience to draw upon. The $40.00 price of admission hardly deters me. I am an extremist and I want to enjoy it all. I want every emotion activated but I don't care to linger too long on any one piece. I want to soak it all in and to do that, I have a well formulated plan.
From a sparrow, this cage, a phoenix is made.
The scenery beyond my lashes are dyed with new colors
Go HERE to sign up for an account at Right At Home and get a coupon for a Free L.E Spring Collection mailed to you. Only available to the FIRST 75,000 to sign up for a Right at Home Account will qualify!
Example 2 from Palermo crypt: “She could feel the hard cold flagstones through her jeans and she shivered, and not just with the cold. This place was beginning to get to her. It had echoes of the past hiding in dark corners, nightmares of little children locked down here, their flesh decomposing over centuries. Perhaps it was unnatural, the way the physical bodies had remained so long after the soul had departed. It felt like Death’s trophy case, with bodies stolen from a world of light and life above.”
Last fall, I checked out a CD of Prokofiev’s Peter and the Wolf from our public library and brought it home for Pip and Polly. In looking for things to do as the days were getting colder and shorter, I thought this might capture their attention. The music, as I remembered it, was lively and interesting without being too complicated, and, as a bonus, it provided a brief introduction to the instruments of the orchestra. I hoped that on a morning when we could not get outside, we might be able to sit down and pass a good half-an-hour listening to it.
Michigan Avenue modifications
Her death is not altogether shocking, but it is disturbing nonetheless.
Understand that friends come and go, but with a precious few, you should hold on. Work hard to bridge the gaps in geography and lifestyle, because the older you get, the more you need the people you knew when you were young.
03 Garbage-Stupid Girl (Red Snapper Instrumental Mix)
The serviceman, who went on to work at Dartmouth College, always suffered from pain in his groin and eventually was booked in for an operation just before Christmas last year.
One great definition of a scene is a moment when an emotion is articulated in some way, usually via action. In fiction and memoir this might be a run-in between two characters, a memory of a past event that still brings a surge of shame or delight, a conversation where someone doesn't get their hopes realized--or does. Scenes are small time capsules, potent because they contain more than is openly revealed. In nonfiction, a scene might be considered an anecdote that demonstrates the book's theory or a step of that theory. For instance, a weight loss book might contain a scene where a man stands in front of a pastry counter at the local grocery store, calculating his chances of getting a doughnut and getting outside before his wife, shopping in another aisle, notices. A nonfiction book on how to play the piano might contain "scenes" (or "islands," as I like to call them) that explain the keyboard.
Metroid Prime 2: Echoes (Wii) 2
As we ate, the hostess stood at her post and watched our every move, apparently having nothing else to do to fill her time. It was truly pathetic.
Special Needs Network Inc. (SNN) is a nonprofit organization whose mission is to respond to the crisis of autism and other developmental disabilities in underserved communities by providing educational forums, resources, and specialized learning opportunities for parents and caregivers of special needs children, intervention programs, and advocacy training. Founded in 2005, SNN grew out of the efforts of two mothers whose sons were diagnosed with autism. SNN is recognized by state and local elected officials as the premier organization working on issues of autism in underserved communities.
The writing is dense, poetic and not an easy read even if, like me, you are well-versed in his œuvre. It features, though, some common threads that appear throughout many of Beckett’s works, especially his prose pieces, the main one being a character trying to come to terms with the nature of his existence. In this case we have someone crawling through mud dragging a sack with them and, whilst making painfully slow progress, they encounter an other (in this case Pim), another common feature. Sometimes the other is real but mostly imagined (or possibly ghostly) like the voice that harangues Joe in Eh Joe or the voice of the mother in Footfalls. This is what the old woman in Rockaby hopes to see as she stares out of her window:
This is a bit of sad story… Marathon death donations rocket… the story of 30 year old Claire Squires who died after completing 25 miles of the marathon. She was running the marathon for fun and to raise money for the Samaritans. She wanted to change lives, and I’m sure the donations she’s received certainly will.
Coconut Cake.....Chocolate Frosting and a Whole Almond....
Aimee Williams
One protester expressed concern over the safety of other nuclear power plants in the country.
It loosens it's hold
the dancers, breaking up their movements into a jerky parody of an old-time
about little kids whose mommies and daddies didn't have enough money to buy them presents.
I know this is kinda late but how did you spend your Holy Week? :)
COACHING WITH ME YOU WILL BECOME BLAZING AUTHENTIC & FIRECE!!!
Next, investigate the background of the remainder, one at a time. Has this individual been elected to office before? (Hint: this is a bad omen, an indication of someone from the ruling class) Now from the remainder of the candidates, what is their government service record? (Hint: less is more, more government service is BAD.) Scratch any that indicate a predisposition towards being a consumer of tax money.
furiously upon the futility
Have a lovely lovely Friday and an amazing weekend!
That’s what we do. We connect and filter out the B.S. From all the others. Why? Because we are leaders in our industry and people rely on us for our trusted insights and recommendations. As a Bartender you are expected and trusted to know who is the most respected person in their particular profession. People come to you with questions in order to save money and buy reliable services from other.
Well, one thing you shouldn’t do is go off into this new land of social media without a map. You need to channel social media’s power to support your business’s strategy. To harness the power of Social Media, you need a strategy, and a plan.
Sometimes it’s okay to indulge ourselves in sumptuous food. Have yourself a breakfast, lunch or dinner like no other. Confucius once said: “Eating is the utmost important thing in life.”
Alan, you´re a genius! Thanks, man.
Just when I thought the worst was behind me, GCRL struck back with 4 1987 Topps Mike Young cards. Even though this was the weakest bip in terms of card quantity, seeing Mike Young's mug times 4 was definitely a self-confidence blow. It was almost as if I were Deebo, and he was standing over me shouting after Craig knocked me the bip out.
As for words, we have three: Merci (which still comes out as "ah-see"), Cheese (the most exciting part of lunch, apparently), and Bravo. The only problem is that I discovered just this morning that Cheese is also his word for bread, even though he's known that word for ages now. Hm.
And being very thirsty
Do you like comments on your blog posts? absolutely!
A hotel away from home "Once, when having two kids under the age of 2 got to be too much for me, I packed an overnight bag and went to a hotel. Uninterrupted, I read a magazine while listening to instrumental music on the radio, had a drink, took a long, hot shower, and got a full night's sleep. It was a little bit of heaven."— Barbara Torrey, mother of Shane, 2 1/2, Ashley, 15 months, Lincoln, Neb.
Dr. Neal
This will by no means be an easy process, and I'll keep you updated with what's happening. For now, you know all I know. If you have questions ask away in the comments, or shoot me an email. You've been the most amazing support system and I know this round will be no different.
“Oh. It blew up.”
Exotic animals being held for private hunting, mysterious human and animal deaths occurring rapidly, and danger from multiple vectors—equals one heck of a wild ride. At initial glance Sector C made me think of popular pandemic films like the Andromeda Strain or Outbreak, simply because the story provided multiple view points and characters. What grabbed my attention, and changed my mind is the science behind the story. This book is no ordinary life-killing-disease-resulting-in-mass-hysteria type. The plot is well thought out and the possibilities clearly defined and researched.
Ronnie Buttacavoli (trumpet, flugelhorn);
Oh, added a picture of mommy and daughter!
Speedy Fox and Friends challenge this week is to create a card using Rainbows. I actually pulled out my rainbow die looked at it and then put it back in the box. I decided to create a rainbow of stripes instead.
This Nazis are right wing is something that needs to get put to bed once and for all.
CARL KNEPEL
in the image of God he created them;
express hostility.
Quote hi-jacked from the The Highway Star: The Deep Purple Official Site
One more cup of coffee for the road
Hard to believe it was his only Oscar.
One cannot change masters at will. The lying child grows into manhood and continues to lie. The thief as a child becomes a thief as an adult. The murderer cannot be cured by being placed in gaol. The cheater continues to cheat through life because he has a cheating heart. In other words, to change servitude, one must have a change of heart. He must be a new creature.
The draw will take place on Saturday 19th May.
I did not like it at Zlý Časy on my first visit in January. The waiter was grumpy, and my mood did not get any better by interacting with him. I had one beer, a Chotěboř Prémium světlý ležák, that was probably not in its best shape.
[5] 1997 witnessed the first emergence of farm suicides in India. A rapid increase in indebtedness, was at the root of farmers taking their lives. Debt is a reflection of a negative economy, a loosing economy. Two factors have transformed the positive economy of agriculture into a negative economy for peasants – the rising costs of production and the falling prices of farm commodities. Both these factors are rooted in the policies of trade liberalization and corporate globalisation. (Vandana Shiva)
Your target has wine!? I've been jipped.
The Holy Prophet (SAW) said: “He who has two wives and does not treat justly in dividing his self and his wealth between them, he will be raised on the Resurrection Day while he is chained in punishment and half of his body is not straight until he enters Hell.”
And giving a nod, up the chimney he rose;
You like your bubbly, of course, if it says Bud Lite on the label. What do you know about that frou-frou French stuff, and who wants to spend that kind of money on something that tickles your nose and tastes sour anyway?
salt and pepper to taste.
I attended Palm Sunday mass and was last in line for Communion. When I turned to go to my seat I heard the priest call my name. He asked me to come see him after mass. I said okay.
The challenge came in convincing people to take up the rag in the urban and rural areas around my town. I had a way to sell to everyone, for example:
It is a strange feeling – this looking backward and forward at the same time. I marvel at the daily measure of grace I am given to walk in peace with my own mother. I hope that eventually you and I can come to that same place of grace in our own relationship. Just remind me when things get hard between us that it took me a good 32 years to finally reach that point with my own mother.
For my part, I prefer to see the XP requirements play a different role: providing (dis)incentives for playing certain classes. For example, I'm told that, in many campaigns, it's hard to find players willing to take on the role of the cleric. I personally find this baffling, as the cleric is a pretty mighty class, but there it is. Might not the more favorable XP requirements make the class more attractive to some players? Similarly, could not the comparatively high XP requirements of the magic-user be a "warning" of sorts, intended to dissuade those looking for an easy-to-play class?
So now I’m the one with the ruffled feathers because, as an out-of-the-closet mother who works, am I to be judged unprofessional?
Parents, elders and the morally-conscious complained that Elvis shook his pelvis and ground his hips in a "suggestive way." I could retort by saying we all know he learned those moves from Forrest Gump. Instead, I'll point out that Jim Morrison of The Doors showed us his entire genital package on stage once in Miami back in the 60s. Thankfully he was arrested and I once read that the police later joked that it was just a "minor infraction."
I only showed you how to do this roller brush once, then you were ALL over it! (notice the 'concentration tongue')
And they are offering a prize of $20. to spend on their website The Paper Shelter, unfortunately to qualify for this prize you must have used one of their products on your card, but at least if you havent they are still offering a prize of 3 digi images of your own choice, so you really carnt loose with this Challenge.
“O’Malley.”
Boys' clothes: a wide variety of colors and shades. Out of 18, only three are blue.
I will be joining these fun parties:
I feel that Channel 4 is usually a fair news outlet, but this time they presented a story that could do damage. We don't need stories like this widening the racial and class divide in the neighborhood. Living here is not about race/ethnic heritage, professional/blue collar, young/young at heart, straight/LGBTIQ, or any other attributes that can be applied in a divisive way.
The Science Center is a nonprofit organization owned by 31 colleges, universities, hospitals, foundations and nonprofits. It runs technology parks in Philadelphia’s University City section and Newark, Del., and an incubator called the Science Center Port in Philadelphia’s University City.
-That the bear is honestly the best actor in the entire bit? (0:49)
Says I, ever so slightly bemused.
I love that the girls get to choose their own dresses. I think this is definitely the modern way for bridesmaids to be dressed. Also, every girl has a different body type, so this allows them to buy something that is the most flattering to their figure.
The trauma of those priests is now commonplace among Middle Eastern Christians. Their share of the region's population has plunged from 20% a century ago to less than 5% today and falling. In Egypt, 200,000 Coptic Christians fled their homes last year after beatings and massacres by Muslim extremist mobs. Since 2003, 70 Iraqi churches have been burned and nearly a thousand Christians killed in Baghdad alone, causing more than half of this million-member community to flee. Conversion to Christianity is a capital offense in Iran, where last month Pastor Yousef Nadarkhani was sentenced to death. Saudi Arabia outlaws private Christian prayer.
* Her facial features; made a wig; added ears.
If I give it to you and change my mind later, it’s Mine!
Holy mission burns love
Billy Duffy (The Cult), and
Solitary Walls
Marcus Hutton suffered a blow to the head when he was hit by Delroy Hines in a fracas in Priory Road. Mr Hutton, of Priory Road, died in hospital after being placed on a life support machine following the attack on July 9.
And it's not like anyone does a bad job here. Everyone gets at least one good laugh here and make the most of their roles. Bologna plays a tortured bus driver haunted by his past - with hilarious results - quite well. Channing is a modern independent woman (a la 1976) and swims through a flood of carbonated drinks - with hilarious results - effectively. And their scenes together are good examples of stoic romance played for laughs quite well.
After the appropriate period of time has passed, remove the flat and place it in an area that will stay consistently warm. The seeds should germinate pretty quickly. I placed mine directly out in the sun on the porch yesterday, as it was 81 degrees! If it cools off I bring them inside or put them into our hoop houses. Water as needed to keep the soil moist but not soaking wet. Transplant them after the plants are looking strong and are well established, being particularly careful not to disturb the roots too much. Once they are established in your garden I have heard that they don’t like to be moved, yet one of the plants I moved last year took very happily to its new location and has spread remarkably this year. I was very careful to get a large shovel full of soil all around the root ball when I dug it up and gave it plenty of water as it settled into its new location.
If you subscribe to my blog feed, you may not have received yesterday's post. I do apologise for the disruption - I've been carrying out some maintenance on my site and was alerted to the fact that some people weren't receiving the feed. All should be as normal again now.
Before by Jessie Harrell, author of Destined: When a younger Eros is exiled to a land that doesn't believe in the Greek gods, he finds the first love of his immortal life. Read Eros' first person account of his romance, and heartbreak, in the time before he met Psyche.
They spoke very softly with each other as we rode and one said something about both of them having been good. At least one of them had been very good.
10 heard
As if that's not enough for one weekend, consider the following for those for whom a Guinness doesn't taste right without an Irish music session in front of it: The first Baltimore Irish Trad Fest will be held at several locations in Baltimore over the three-day weekend, including J. Patrick's Irish Pub in Locust Point, James Joyce in Harbor East, and Liam Flynn's in Station North. More info here.
Anyways, enough with the trivia and on with the meaty goodness of this email.
“Good, now I think I will go and watch some television. Good night, boys.”
Your perspectives shift,
Show-not-tell. That’s the mantra, isn’t it? But you have to know how to do both. Sometimes you need to tell. However, it’s certainly true that if you want to write for the children’s or YA market these days, you must be able to show. It’s partly a fashion for filmic writing. But for me it’s also the most effective way to accomplish what I want to do.
He’s not the only one who recognizes the power of name branding. You know who people are talking about when they call up the nicknames of performers like JLo and Ice Cube, athletes like A-Rod and Macho Camacho, and reality stars Snooki and JWoww of Jersey Shore fame. Is it really that hard to call a guy Alex? No, but being called A-Rod is infinitely cooler—and therefore more salable.
learn in Joshua 2 the more distant Canaanites have heard of God’s acts. One can only conclude the Amalekites heard as well.
So we're taking advantage of every possible chance to get outside and enjoy these FABULOUS days!
Stampers? Here is a little information about all
Anyway it’s making a come back and in jewellery no less. I think these are lovely and lend themselves to a myriad of designs, of course polymer clay comes to mind.
It's great that we can keep in touch.
I was set up to do the jump onto the boulder with the instructor getting ready to spot me and was told to jump high, hard and fast…mimicking the same jumping movement I did previously onto the other mats. Being an athlete, when someone tells me to jump high, hard and fast, that is exactly what I do. Unfortunately, I overshot the boulder mat, much too quickly for my spotter to catch me…..and my hands and head met the ground at the same time. I immediately knew this was my last acrobatics session.
Monday we hung out at home for a little while then went to Aly liz's friend from the baking program at school who i met last summer, had a cake tasting party . We went to that and picked up our friend Sam another baker I met last summer. The cake was good hung out and talked with them. After that me liz aly and sam and I went to the mall . We looked in stores had a bit of food and hung out which was fun. We went home after dropping the girls off then came home. Ruth and Ben her sister and brother in law were there with Justus so we talked with them for a while. Ben is helping with a breast cancer research auction since I'm from NC I brought a chick-fil-a cow and a barbecue sauce . The barbecue sauce was mailed so I'm hoping it will be here soon.
In my own neighborhood, our local high school, stands to gain if some of the engaged parents north of I-20 become stakeholders and advocates for our soon-to-be IB school. I have already predicted that in just a few years, our high school will become a school-of-choice in the community, but our neighbors to the north don’t want to hear it.
Humayoun Ibrahim’s European illustration style — and presentation of action — draws a direct line between classic science fiction literature and its spiritual descendent in the visual arts. Not the screen versions that the public embraces to the tune of billions of dollars a year, but the more thoughtful, experimental form of the graphic novel, which is in service to the larger point of view inherent in Vance’s work.
The bharat band and groom are here on the wedding day! Don't try to out dance a middle-aged Indian lady. You will lose and I can only say "Told you so!"
When someone enters a nursing home near the end of life, it can be a rough change. Nevertheless, as family caregivers, we have to know when to ask for help. Part of that involves accepting that “the professionals” aren’t perfect. They are, however, professionals. To their credit, they don’t have the emotional triggers we have. They don’t remember Grandpa sitting at the head of the dinner table, spinning fiction into facts, barking out orders, and drinking too much. They don’t remember a man who was larger than life.
Brown...
but will we learn before we sleep?
Spending an hour or maybe two a week should never be used to gauge whether or not you and some one can be compatible. Not necessarily compatible, but get along without thinking what in the hell was I thinking?
36. I am a size 8 on the bottom and a size 12 on the top.
And he ran rife, taunting the coalition frontbench in a very out of character, ferocious and confident display.
You are who you are for a reason.
but how do we know
HRH: No, she said Hello Kitty pipe.
(sniff sniff)
“Good Morning” shows life is just peachy with some Beatlesque melodies and a space-age vibe. If you crossed Dappled Cities’ Zounds with Cliff Richard’s “We Don’t Talk Anymore” this is what you’d get. The out-of-this-world sensation continues into “Ready,” a hazy slice of jangly pop that is catchy thanks to its frequent use of “woahs” and “yeahs”. It has an old, familiar mood like Little Red and feels as good as your favourite, well-worn jumper as Ballantyne is like the Pied Piper proclaiming: “I’m letting the simple follow me”.
Dear Heavenly Father, I am so grateful to You for revealing Yourself to me. I will always testify of Your Love and Kindness, so the whole world will recognize Your miracle-working power in my life, and believe in The Lord Jesus Christ! Amen!
I loved her note for the kind words, but also because it was written on a note card printed with another original painting!
There was a movie I seen one time I think I sat through it twice
There is new news today of note -- the single most potentially dangerous situation at Dai-ichi, the spent fuel pool at reactor #4, has achieved an increased margin of safety, putting us largely into the cleanup phase. That will be plenty of work. Here's the update:
A police spokesman said: ''A 19-year-old man was kicked, punched and stabbed in the neck with a sharp object, possibly a broken bottle, by a group of teenagers, after he attempted to stop them throwing snowballs aggressively at people in the street and passing cars.
Handling Music You Already Own
8. My higher self rules over my ego.
In Northeast, Ohio April showers bring May….showers. However, they also bring us some reasons to believe.
Glee‘s Amber Riley gave everyone a scare when she collapsed on the red carpet earlier this week. The singing sensation was on the red carpet at the TV Academy of Arts and Sciences to participate in a panel. But don’t stress, the poor girl was just feeling dizzy and the flashes of the paparazzi’s cameras were a bit too much. But luckily, the paps were nice and didn’t take photos of her on the ground, which she thanked them for. Glad she’s OK.
In a vacuum empires would take over what ever wealthy targets were available to them, Rome- the Mediterranean Bases, The Mongols – the lands bordering the Asian Steppes, The Dutch and Portuguese – the areas that there ships could safely sale. The last group you could call Trade Empires - although piracy was often as important as trade in establishing them.
14) Can you briefly detail your journey to publication after finishing CRACKED?
So here’s a simple idea if you like wargaming blogs as much as I do. Following these simple steps you will have reading material for about 2 months (heavy reading by the way), and then at least a couple of interesting posts a day.
Khan Bräu Brewery Baadog
- Watching cartoons with the kids
So what about people who aren't rent-a-quote Islamic extremist trolls? On the Yahoo! forum, someone wrote, 'Death to America', which another, called Rebecca Liberty, said mocking burkas is 'ugly'.Now, that sentence doesn't actually make any fucking sense, but picking out some of the important words, I can just about work out that someone on a Yahoo! board said it was 'ugly', and that someone else with an apparently tenuous grip on reality may have said 'Death to America'. Of course, the miserable killjoy OUTRAGE wasn't confined to that Yahoo! board which I'm startled to find out people still use, there was also something on Twitter too! Some viewers also took to Twitter to blast the burka stunt with one saying: This is probably the worst top gear special. Y the f*** r they wearing burkas!!?So, not so much outraged, as calling it shit. And...that's it. That's the sum total of the Mail's evidence that anyone anywhere got upset by this; one Islamic extremist and someone on a Yahoo! forum whose single-word quote isn't given any context at all! Maybe there were more examples but DAILY MAIL REPORTER didn't have time to do any more messageboard quote-mining because he or she was feeling bloated after eating too many pigs in blanket? THOUGH YOU PROBABLY CAN'T EVEN SAY 'PIGS IN BLANKETS' ANY MORE IN CASE IT OFFENDS THE ETHNICS, AMIRIGHT?
Colossians 1:15-23
Over the white bookcase would be a campaign mirror I have, which I would paint orange. I am unsure of this option, as it means there are basically six rectangles against that wall. Perhaps a circle mirror would be better?
1 capability
Mosonmagyarovar was our destination for lunch and, as it was still raining, we went to a restaurant hoping for warm soup. The restaurant was lovely. We had delicious asparagus soup and apple strudel. It stopped raining just as we finished lunch so we spent enough time to explore the pedestrian street and visit the church.
A moment later droplets of water hit my shoulders. I wondered bemused who or what could have flicked water at me. Then I noticed the dark quarter-sized cicles multiplying on the concrete, saw the light curtains in the air, heard the pattering increase, and I looked up into that cotton-candy cloud to see it shredding and shedding water in full sunlight.
i'd be such a great boss!
Life doesn't always feel this pure and good. There are tough times to be had in a busy, lively, growing family in this world. Sometimes, the gems are covered up for long periods of time.
when she wet his head and began scrunching it on his 1st day of school post-cut.
This riveting historical epic of love and family, war and loss, risk and destiny is the novel Adriana Trigiani was born to write, one inspired by her own family history and the love of tradition that has propelled her body of bestselling novels to international acclaim. Like Lucia, Lucia, The Shoemaker's Wife defines an era with clarity and splendor, with operatic scope and a vivid cast of characters who will live on in the imaginations of readers for years to come.
That's not all, to commemorate its opening, Setia City Mall is giving shoppers who spend above RM150 stand a chance to win 1 of 4 weekly prize packs and a shopping spree around the mall worth RM25, 000. The weekly prize draw will conclude with the shopping spree being awarded on Jun 23rd, accompanying the Grand Launch of the mall.
Yoga, pranayama, meditation are all ways to achieve nirvana, but the path of Aikido entails an active engagement with society. Budo is a necessary part of Aikido – you will not make progress without the Aikidoka around you also making progress. This is a more realistic approach to the path. While many other spiritual activities like Gita discourse, yoga and prayer is undertaken with the objective of involving others, it is not essential, therefore not honest. Charity becomes a selfish activity as soon as the donor becomes conscious of his action.
I saw this Sweet Sketch Sunday sketch #151 on Pinterest, I've wanted to try it out and thought maybe it would work for my calendar layout. I've added it below so you can see if you recognize the sketch -
Gift suggestions for 2012:
Need help using Ancestry.com? Come to the library Monday through Friday to receive help from a reference librarian or make an appointment. Ancestry.com is NOT available for home use.
Our schools and workplaces are full of bullies who not only won't understand but who will act against or exclude your child. In fact, often children on the spectrum are segregated, like other persecuted groups in our history. How is this fair?
Dave_Yorkshire
Fuente Triangle Realty Development Corp.
I tried to do my happiness journal. I really tried. And it's not that I'm not happy. I am. Not like I used to be but my kids make me happy. Our kitten, Snow, makes me happy. But I suck at journalling. Um, hello. Have you read my blog? I suck at writing stuff down everyday. I knew that going in to it but for some reason I thought I would be able to do it. BUT! I don't feel like it was a total bust because even though I'm not writing anything down I do feel like I'm more aware of my happiness in general because of the idea of a happiness journal.
This is a major first step. The next step is to not be afraid to demand that ANY government of the day has the ability to rein the police and the agencies. If the Najib administration cannot, then it must go. The people must continue to show that they are the boss and Malaysia belongs to them.
In the mean time, my garden is just freshly turned waiting for the seedlings and seeds and now its not helping my colour issue- I do need to change that. Starting tomorrow I am going to have one coloured vegetable at each meal – and eat it before I wolf down my protein! I might have to start looking into creative ways to incorporate the colours into my foods.
Is this a good thing for our society? I think so. As I said above, by protecting all speech we ensure that someone else’s subjective evaluation of our words will not be used to silence us. The ACLU echoes this point, as well as several others. To paraphrase, the free exchange of ideas is paramount in a free society. Limiting free speech for the purpose of combating bias (say, against racial minorities) traditionally does not work – it merely suppresses the symptom – hateful speech – without addressing or exposing the underlying bigotry. The best response to speech you don’t like is more speech.
Canseco is gaining momentum in the Twitter-sphere for his ridiculous, over-the top and entertaining Twitter posts. Canseco boasts 468,000 followers and has said, "If I end it all, all you Twitter followers will be bored without me." Canseco, who was the 1988 American League MVP is causing quite a stir with his Twitter feed. Some posts have been highly publicized and embarrassing. This recent debacle with a Buzzfeed news reporter who disguised her identity and tried to meet Canseco for a hook up, couldn't have been great for Canseco's PR. True to Canseco's form, he doesn't care.
I often have high expectations of people that causes me to get extremely upset when someone doesn’t follow through with a promise. Certainly, I understand that I should not be trying to control the person’s behavior, but I can still help the situation by not relying solely on a particular individual. Instead, I can be taking ownership of my own actions, enlisting the aid of several people, and of course, relying on God.
(makes 12)
Now excuse me while I go adhere a family of stick figures to the back of my van.
Look #5 was an easy transitional reversible coat in chartreuse and orange, perfect for when you can’t just go out in your dress and meet even extend to chillier summer days.
"There was much truth in the comment of a Rome newspaper that the new fasci did not aim at the defence of the ruling class or the existing State but wanted to lead the revolutionary forces into the Nationalist camp so as to prevent a victory of Bolshevism..
07/03 – Chicago, IL @ The Bottom Lounge
Catelynn: "Why mom?" (She is trying to figure out what she did so she can resolve the issue.)
The year after she died, the church recognized Jill's absence with a 4 minute silence during the Christmas Eve service, while the organist played the accompaniment without her. It was a sad but beautiful moment, as we all imagined Jill singing down from Heaven in a voice that only angels could hear.
Paddy “Tevye” McAloon :: outstanding in his field
Internet meme
Make it a great day everyone!
The key is to balance mobility and access with commerce, comfort and safety. Speed can be mitigated by the use of rails instead of tires, and lightweight vehicles like bicycles and pushcarts. Separate faster rail traffic from slower foot traffic if you must, but if you make your city too easy to go through or around, then you risk making it irrelevant.
end result? All grace! Grace causes the abundance to come your way.
Smile :) have a good day!
It seems to me that food and singers singing about food regardless of what animal is involved should not become an issue that goes viral on the web and drags in everyone who has an issue with it because it is interpreted as being stereotypical to any one ethnic group. NO ethnic group should claim that ANY food is strictly associated to their specific ethinticity and feel that if an ad portraying that specific food is demeaning to them.
“It happens in short track,” Cho said with a shrug. “The real battle was between me and Jeff.”
For the second year in a row, the BookHampton stores in the Hamptons have sponsored some of the most notable mystery authors from New York City and Long Island at a series of talks at their three stores.
Problem: Bach’s Prelude and Fugue No.16 in G minor BWV 885
Of course, it is quite possible to be rightfully outraged at some moral injustice, but in order that it is distinguished from the unthinking self-righteous anger identified above, such an expression must be grounded in a set of values against which the subject of that outrage is gauged. Detached from those values, the ‘moral' part of ‘moral outrage' is lost and all that remains it outrage. It is the latter of those two types of outrage to which Grayling refers and which, sadly, is prevalent in South Africa today.
Mr. Obama said he was calling Congressional leaders to the White House Saturday morning at 11:00 “to explain to me how we are going to avoid default,” acknowledging that discussions were basically back to square one.
I replied that I was sure that Mervyn King does not think anyone should be frightened by such a threat, which my host has often made before.
And that I have to learn
John Dryden captures it :"But genius must be born, and never can be taught." It is the technique that is taught not the genius, which is inborn, as the qualities that make a work art are intrinsic to the work, not external nor contingent on where the work is put.
Allow approximately 6 ounces per person; we often eat a slightly larger serving. Leftover seared tuna - if there is any, can be refrigerated for up to 2 days and can be used thinly sliced with the vinaigrette as an appetizer, or can be flaked and used for tuna salad or tuna cakes as long as it does not have the vinaigrette on it.
When you were little, did you assume that everything your family did and how they acted was the norm? Then you start hanging out with friends and you see how different families act. At first you think, “That family is so weird, why aren’t they doing things the same way as my family?” You continue to get exposed to more and more of the world and you still think everyone else is weird…. Then one day it hits you, maybe YOU are the weird one?!?
Let the word of God judge your anxious thoughts and attitudes and change them. Every time I choose to believe the Word over my own thoughts and attitudes, I feel closer to God and a freedom inside that I cannot express. I feel well loved and sheltered and encouraged. I feel renewed and I want to walk with the Lord even more. I cling to Him and Him only; my soul finds deep rest in Him alone. The Lord is our life. If we try to make it on our own or by any other means, we are not living at all. We are just existing; just making it through our days by the skin of our teeth. God has much more in store for His children than that.
The heart of a mother is a deep abyss at the bottom of which you will always find forgiveness.--Honoré de Balzac
As I said before, I was trained in the art of medicine many decades ago. We were taught to use a stethoscope, percuss chests and abdomens, plunge faces into ice water to stop SVT and many tools and cures rarely seen today. I do think that some of the newer tools available to us today are wonderful. Tonight we used one of those tools in my ED..
And worse yet, I have no idea what I'm going to be when I grow up.
Warner Center in Woodland Hills, CA is the center of my existence. It’s where I live and work and if you happen to visit there and come upon those flat-topped skyscrapers and spread out shopping centers, please drive carefully because you could hit a distracted bicyclist.
06) Mr. Bass
The earl asked thereat, “What didst thou say, Icelander?”
Once I got the hell out of Wilmington (which wasn't easy either), I ran up to Philly (which I'd never thought of as particularly car-friendly before...) and stopped off at London Grill, where Terry Berch McNally was throwing a little fling for outgoing Sierra Nevada rep Patrick Mullin (actually, he's pretty much outgone already; he's running sales at Sly Fox now, and congrats to both of them), pouring her last keg of our Exportation porter from Sierra Nevada Beer Camp, the three SN Ovilas (Dubbel, Saison, & Quad), and the new Ruthless Rye.
By now my partner was walking down to see what was delaying me meeting her? She was yelling at me asking what I never got to where we agreed to meet. I assured her it was my intention to meet her up there but that I fell and I was quite sore.
It is in a public school this happened. If it was a private, religious school, that is different. But, many people did not choose to send their kids to private school because they do not want only one religion shoved in their face. Or, some people cannot afford private school and would love to have their children taught religion in school (which will be their responsibility when their children get home).
He says,“It is very difficult to give a deadline,” said Wenger. “It is impossible.”
Add garlic
I can see why sliding the bowl season past January 1st has had a negative impact on fan attendance. It’s one thing to ask us to spend a long holiday weekend in New Orleans. It’s another to schedule a bowl game on the third or fourth of the month and expect fans to spend that much time away from their jobs and lives.
Brahmi Pugh, 546 Boston Post Rd, Madison, CT, age 21
Pgs: 307
Am I silly to feel this way or is it normal? I know I will enjoy it when I get there and yes not having to run the girls around and walk the dog and cook the meals and tidy up and so on will be very relaxing. The fact still remains that our little family just doesn't work right apart! This is fueling a desire to really make changes in our life (more on that in the future). I want radical change but we all need to agree on that one.
The trout rockin' out
It was 4 points+ on Weight Watchers and delicious.
The previous sunburst mirror didn't fit anymore. It was too big with the new shelving height and TV combo. So I found this smaller version at Target for $25 smackaroos, since I couldn't bare to be sans sunburst!
Financial products and charges
And above all, do not sit and watch others get arrested while waiting your turn. Do not let the taking photos (even if they look like they'll be very good) of that act take the place of stopping that arrest, even if it means that the subject of the photo - someone being pinned and hurt by a number of men - will cease to exist. In this case, it is the absence of a picture will be worth a thousand words. For when people speak of "a critique of separation," of the problem of a fundamental divide between seeing and doing, this is the sort of thing they have in mind.
If ever you wondered if you touched my soul,yes you do
This is NOT a piece that I would ever paint! It's patina comes from years and years of use.
Despite the bad weather and threat of more snow, we did have our normally scheduled February meeting at the Coney.
dear rolento,
It worked for the trial by media for 7 months though with the whole world calling Breivik insane that reinforced the ‘official’ “solo terrorist” line.
For this set, I used coordinating Scrapbook paper and mod podged it on the blocks, except the long one. I just painted that one of my favorite colors: Americana- "Spa Blue." The "Family" blocks I painted with Martha Stewart's "Wedding Cake."
Positive comments, questions, and demonstrations of new craft moves, help to infuse our writing community with enthusiasm, which encourages writers to continue in the process.
Coverdale’s generation experienced war and for me, this sense of action with life and death consequences comes through in this quote. Some of us do still work in industries where loss of life could be a consequence of our actions but even in a non-hazardous work environment, we are exposing ourselves to risk whenever we make decisions to act when the outcome is uncertain.
The panic selling of junk bonds seems to have ebbed. The prior week saw $3.43 billion exit this risky asset class as concerns over Greece’s default took center stage. That was the largest weekly outflow since 1992 and was itself a ratcheting up of selling from the previous week when $1.62 billion was redeemed. This past week was still negative but more subdued with only $321 million flowing out of that asset class. This suggests that investors are slowly returning to accepting risk once again.
When he himself might his quietus make
On Thursday (April 12- I know, it’s been a while!) we left Florence for Venice by train- and got the best surprise of our lives. Sydney and I were lucky enough to sit behind JUSTIN BIEBER- okay, so he was a Justin Bieber impersonator but we were still star struck (I mean, they could almost be twins) and we were stoked when he introduced us to my new favorite chocolate- Kinder. He gave us like 5 pieces of Kinder chocolate (something the real J.Biebs would definitely do) and that’s when I knew that I needed to hire him for my next birthday party.
Siddall said that he did not know whether the retracted paper’s estimate of sea level rise was an overestimate or an underestimate.
When we got to school she wanted me to carry her from the car to the classroom (which is standard procedure when we drop Sweet Pea off) and whimpered a little when I gave her a hug and a kiss and let her down onto her feet. She clung to my leg for about half a second, then looked around while Slipshod and I were talking to her teacher (Slipshod was home on Inauguration Day so we could watch the footage together, etc., so dropping The Bug off at school was a whole family affair). While we chatted with The Bug's teacher, The Bug wandered into her classroom, and that was it! Then we took Sweet Pea down the hall and chatted with her until her class started (though Slipshod and Sweet Pea both snuck back to The Bug's classroom to peek through the window and check on her before Sweet pea went into her own classroom), and home Slipshod and I went to watch the Inauguration.
The National Board welcomed the opportunity to approve the inaugural program of study from the Flinders University, a Graduate Certificate Midwifery (Leading to Endorsement for Scheduled Medicines for Eligible Midwives) on Monday 30 April 2012. The implementation of this approved program of study will enable the existing 114 eligible midwives, once their study is completed, to obtain an endorsement to prescribe scheduled medicines and practice to their full scope of midwifery practice.
After sitting through three twenty minute periods and ruefully noting the miserable state of my tailbone area, I concluded that hockey, like so many other sports, is way too long. Give me the first twenty minutes and I’m satisfied. The next twenty minutes I’m thinking about those nachos at concessions I should have gotten and the bathroom break I should have taken. The last twenty minute period, I’m usually listening in on other people’s conversations around me and speculating on the amount of time I can continue to torture my bladder before I make a scene. You can all relax, I made it through.
Thanks for stopping by and listening to me babble about my fav Christmas present. My parents rocked it this year... maybe even better than the year they got me the 10-speed bike for Christmas. Have a safe and happy New Year everyone!
Almost one year since my last post on this blog, I am returning to writing here. I have thoroughly enjoyed writing blogs for Clinician’s Brief (under the heading The Learning Vet), and will continue to do so, but on more of a quarterly basis. So I thought I would reflect on where this experiment started, where it has taken me, and where I hope to go.
The finish was quite nice if a little light and tired – 87/100 points.
Here's the first draft for The Terrible Fate of Humpty Dumpty. What do you think? Can you read the egg splash writing ok?
X’s and O’s,
When choosing gifts to bring home from France, I try to select items that aren't readily available in the states, like a bag of CaramBar for my students (even though they won't understand the silly jokes inside the wrapper!)
We walked across the street to the student union where we met up with Randyl's sister. She works at the Pulse and sold us a generously 10% employee discounted cup of tea and we discussed our plans for the day. She's a college chick and infinitely too cool to hang out with us. I think she was doing something awesome like cleaning her boyfriend's apartment while he was at Comic-Con. Foolish us, we're so lame. (Note: Randyl's sister is actually pretty cool...)
--A friend of Mission of Hope told me she prays for us often and added she thinks I have the "coolest job."
McElveen JC Jr, Jones JD, Day, Reavis, Pogue. Fetal protection policies. The Occupational and Environmental Medicine Report 1988; 2: 57-58.
- 1/2 tsp. pepper
Drat.
The discovery this week [for me], of ‘Breach’ and then further research on the whole Robert Hanssen affair distracted me from the dreadful civil disturbances and riots that have peppered many cities and towns in the UK, and which started in North London.
