Which jazz musicians do you like?
Valtivity will be hosting its very first Webinar, "Agile - A Focus on Value" on Feb 1st at 1pm EST. Register now!
I would be remiss if I didn't point out the Mr. Polk is one of the few Presidents to have a song written exclusively about him. I have put the YouTube video at the bottom of this post. The song is by "They Might Be Giants." Here's a link to the lyrics so you can sing along. And if you need it, rumor has it that ADR has the song on his iPod.
What a FUN and versatile sketch! I can see me turning to it for a number of different occasions and a range of colour combos. I added the sticker shaker circles (K&Co) because I found them on clearance at Michaels in January and - ahem - loaded up. Sheesh.
In holy rattlesnakes that fell all around your feet
I used one of the sentiment centers and die cut with a Labels One Nestability die. Since it is bothering me, I have to point out that my right corners do not exactly match.. unintentionally! I rounded my patterned paper and mat with my 1/2" Round-it-All, then when I attempted to round the corners of my vellum, I managed to break my Round-it-All. In order to round the corners of my cardstock base, I had to use my 1/4" Round-it-All because none of my other corner rounders would go through 2 layers of cardstock.. grrr.. I guess now I can justify getting a Crop-A-Dile Chomper!! My layout uses the latest JustRite Friday Challenge sketch.. details HERE.
FOR THE FILLERS(these are jus options,i tried 'em all -u can try any or leave any out)
But the bigger issue is that the Falkland Islands are a British Overseas Territory. This time 30 years ago, a British task force was en route to retake the islands after they had been invaded by Argentina. The death toll of that war included 255 British troops.
* 1/4 cup chopped fresh basil
In his latest essay, Takuan Seiyo weighs in on Andreas Malm, Tor Bach, Klassekampen, NRK, and the demographic makeup of Gates of Vienna readers (see previous posts here, here, and here). Using these issues as his starting point, he extends the topic to take in the Progressive ascendancy and the resulting suicide of the West.
Three of us served as Race Committee last night. It's been so long since I pulled that duty, I felt like a third thumb. But my other two cohorts came with their brains attached to their hands, so we got by. And the Shaws are beautiful as they work together. They have it down. Flags and placards up and down with the regular cadence of the audibles. More to it than I had thought.
What to do in 4 easy steps:
1 yellow onion, cut into thin strips
I started the two-step process of deleting my account last week, but stopped amid protest of friends I actually like and who humor me. But I’ve cut back on the excessive checking, posting, etc., that can quickly consume precious free time in an otherwise hectic day. Can you say “toddler,” anyone?
After reading about what Portia put herself through, I am much surer that this was the right way to go about it. If it weren’t for the wedding, I might abandon all of my concern about how my body looks and focus only on how it feels. I wish I had a more defined midsection and slimmer hips, arms and neck. But the more of this harrowing book I read, the more I think it might just not matter, maybe not at all, as long as I have a good brain, a good heart, and good health.
The newer models pictured above on the right, had a slimmer cut and less wind noise and Pertex has moved on a bit, what with the Quantum fabric, so that hot wash gave me shopping options. What new windshirt to buy?
In the Haunted Mansion, we see that the spirits are quite happy once they're able to materialize in their very own, visible, astral bodies. This is original; this is the ride's own comic twist on the idea cluster that serves as a premise for the whole.
Alain Rivard: aka Al3d:
This is Timmy's out building that I've been wanting to plant sunflowers in front of for years. Still got my fingers crossed. Since he had to work away from home for five years, kinda put things on hold ya know. But, he's back and says he's gonna spruce this place up!
It’s perfect for container gardeners and balcony gardeners like me.
"On your knees again," he had ordered. "And take care, wench, that you do not miss a single drop of moisture. Do I catch a chill because of your negligence, I will beat you for it."
We have decided that we will not but any new clothes for the trip till the last few days.
Net income rose 7.9 percent to $2.05 billion, from $1.9 billion a year earlier. CEO Muhtar Kent’s introduction of smaller package size might have had something to do with it. The smaller sized products have attracted price-conscious consumers, in part of an effort to spur sales in North America, where the soft drink industry has been on a seven year decline.
The final product, while a little awkward in places, was actually okay to make. This is my first cake since my back injury, so I was pleased to make it. Sadly, my back began to act up, but luckily, I got everything done. The biggest challenge was making all the 'gears' and 'mechanisms' in his legs and arms. I knew that it would be difficult, and wanted to fit the most cake into this cake as possible, so I ended up with solid pieces with piped and fondant-covered details. Not bad.
This might be the price for creativity. To underscore my arrogance, is it too steep of a cost for my intelligence? I’m beginning to find that given the fact that I am happy often enough, it isn’t too steep. I’m okay with things not going my way for an hour if they are for five minutes. The sociopath tendencies are worth it. They add to my quirk – to my charm, if you will. Still, most people who get close enough to me to see the dark hollow abyss within run for the safety of the hills. Deep within my Id is a scary place, a dark forest peopled by creatures of strange whims. More importantly, that dark place is a place they’re not used to. It’s a force field keeping everything outside safe from the landmine inside. Would I have it any other way?
Rabbi Arik Ascherman of Rabbis for Human Rights attempted to receive clarifications on this matter, but received partial and contradictory responses.
Teaching Practice (TP), of course, is at the very heart of the 4-week course, and is what made it both so terrifying and so exhilarating – and also so effective. In retrospect it seems amazing that such a perfectly obvious idea (i.e. to incorporate a practicum from Day 1) hadn’t been thought of before, or that – even today – it is so relatively rarely instituted on preservice teacher training programs, especially at tertiary level. Of course, it’s not just the teaching practice that is so formative: it is the collaborative planning and the tutor-led post-lesson feedback discussion, as well as the regular classroom observation, not to mention the way that the input sessions themselves cross-refer to teaching practice, so that – when it works well – the whole experience is entirely integrated, coherent and maximally practical.
Engineers are working on these problems and I hope in the future we have a reliable, convenient and, what is the most important, transplantation compatible total artificial heart.
I hope you are fine today?
One day it’s incredible
And doing arts and crafts.
VLAD
Ferguson believes that like Microsoft, Google will be forced into changing its policies and be more proactive in the future than it has been in the past. Ferguson is committed to spreading the word regarding mobile malware, but whether people take any notice is another matter.
Here in one sentence lies the only thing you need to know about why the workers in this country are doomed.
(Laura Ebohon)
Me: Hey Ponder, do you have onions that aren't the same color as the panties you're wearing?
- all complete set
First of all, don’t tell Prince about this. He doesn’t like the word “fan”, something about “fan” existing in the word “fanatic”. In honor of my favorite musician, I decided to make a list of albums every Prince fan should own. Of course, some fans may own every album, which is commendable. Still, I chose to highlight the ones people definitely must have.
“Your failure to comply with flight attendant instructions during a critical phase of flight and an aircraft emergency could have affected the safe outcome of the flight,” the letter says.
I couldn't resist the opportunity, so I persuaded Geekydaddy to take the kids to their gymnastics class and I went along. I felt a little weird with my "Geekymummy" name tag plastered across my chest. At "official" events in my professional life I usually I have a badge with "Dr My Real Name" on it, so I was a little unsure of how to project myself publicly in my alternative identity and without my scientific credentials to hide behind. I got the hang of it though, and met some lovely and interesting people, like Normalarkey, the Drifter and the Gypsy, and FrogMom.
PJ: “I would certainly check out my solo production called Cuzeyeneedat – I still haven’t signed it yet, mainly down to being so busy to send it out. However the online love for that track is massive. As Jordan & Santero I would check out Aha Okay, Oh Yeah and all the new Weird Science releases as our sound develops further.”
Roy Hobgson was named England’s headman. I think this is a good choice for the Brits.
Ok, I will: the woman is a genius!!! Her writing is fresh, new, all-encompassing and though i am borderline gushing, fantastic!!!! The Immortal Rooms (the blood of eden book 1) is fantastic. I have only 100 pages left and I have no clue how she is going to shock me next, but I do know it will be ahhmaaaaazzing! Capital zing! This is vampire done right, are you there stephenie meyer? Its terminological inexactitude calling, it wants it sparkly vamps back!!! Five dollar phrase in there for everyone. Now, I don’t know who actually reads this or if anybody really wants to know what I think, but I just have to say that there are good books and then there are the ones that have to ability to transcend generations. I give the Immortal rules the stamp of being the next Jekyll & Hyde. This is dystopian society done differently and done right! No battle royal for your life in an arena, no space probes and über technology, its life, death, disease, starvation and a plague that infects us all eventually.
Photo courtesy of Bread and Butter PR.
"The Book Of Beer" by Andrew Campbell, 1956, pages 203-204.
So, what do you think? Would you sign up? I got a LOT of free samples and they were good things that I wanted to try. I’ve discovered that there are actually a lot of sites like this so I’m going to research them and report back to you. Don’t forget to be MARVELOUS this weekend-even if you don’t leave the house!
Sleeper Hit (Book you found so awesome you wish it had been hyped more.): Moonglass by Jessi Kirby
December 1980, he flew home to spend Christmas with family in Hawaii.
Then I just placed the Penny-Farthing bicycle on top and thought I'd bling it up
Have you ever seen something made by someone else and you're just in complete awe by the beauty?
-The continued and arguably accelerating “dumbing down” of America. Everyone seems to think it’s happening, but few look in the mirror to see if they’re part of the problem or take personal responsibility to do anything about it.
I asked my BF (for the 20th time) about how to take turns and he explained it to me (for the 20th time, thanks for your patience!). I don't know why the heck it took me so long to understand it, but I finally did. On the way home I took the turn I was dreading and made it through smoothly. CLICK! My body and my brain finally got it. I went home and said to him, "That was fun. I'm actually enjoying riding now." Ahhh...that felt good to say.
That's as good as bearing your teeth to an attacking dog.
I remember being taken to the hospital and trying to see the nurse give him a bath.
I used the headband lengths from this Calleigh's Clips. I did 13 inches for a newborn, but it snug on my babydoll. Since newborn heads are so tender and the only stretchy spot is the hairtie, you may want to add another inch or two.
"Rhyme the Rhyme Well" - The Beastie Boys. They think I have mad hip-hop skills. Or that I curse like a sailor.
Where is the one who is wise? Where is the scribe? Where is the debater of this age? Has not God made foolish the wisdom of the world? For since, in the wisdom of God, the world did not know God through wisdom, it pleased God through the folly of what we preach to save those who believe. For Jews demand signs and Greeks seek wisdom, but we preach Christ crucified, a stumbling block to Jews and folly to Gentiles, but to those who are called, both Jews and Greeks, Christ the power of God and the wisdom of God. For the foolishness of God is wiser than men, and the weakness of God is stronger than men.
Sid wandered around the garden on his own, and being quite resourceful found a tree that he could roost in safely out of reach of any predators. The tree was by my daughters bedroom window. At sparrows little Sid threw back his head and crowed his not-quite crow loud and long - waking the entire household.
So where does that leave all of us “lawnies” when it comes to maintenance regimes?
All in a moment this all came to mind, “I married to feel safe.” Was this one of the possible reasons I had gained weight so I no longer had ‘that’ body that the boy who assaulted me had talked about? Would I not be powerless and a victim if I got bigger and possibly less desirable?”
At this point, we may venture the question: why were these prophets punished for being nice to the people? After all, they were merely sharing a message of peace.
So- I did finally figure it out and we arrived at the chosen in-law house with family gifts for all! It was the first family Christmas party that didn't end in angry tears and humiliation for me. As it turns out, I am a very slow learner.
The United States imposes the highest corporate tax in the world and has an unfathomable tax system that sucks vast amounts of money from its citizens. It is $15 trillion in debt because it will not impose any limits on its spending. If any of the proposed measures are passed, not just more of your personal income be tapped, but your privacy will disappear.
He had legs that just seemed to go on forever, and arms that could reach as far as the Brooklyn Bridge.
The hustle and the bustle hit me
To the people who read my blog, I fear I may come across as depressed. Or worse still, depressing.
Netflix streaming: No
Only senior members of the Royal family and the King’s Troop Royal Horse Artillery are permitted to pass under the central arch of the monumental structure.
He does pose well though if he is in the right mood. I was having a conversation at church today about when to get childrens hair cut to avoid looking like a girl. I think we may already have missed this point.
1. Write a post with links to five blogs that make your day.
Again, the DC didn't link to the poll but the Wapo article showing the graphs and comparisons that the DC reports on is found here.
We own our house, and I've decided to utilize my time in doing DIY projects to improve the interior and exterior.
Now, my Topps Chrome 2011 needs/available list.
Repentance is an absolute requirement to join in Covenant with the Father so we would be saved, from ourselves, through Jesus’ sacrifice which has sealed the Covenant with His own blood. In Covenant there is no room for us to willfully sin and habitually resist the Holy Spirit. For in due season the Holy Spirit will no longer strive with us, and will leave us to our own devices in eternity! There are terrible consequences when we willfully reject the Lord in our lives and Covenant will no longer have any effect on us for we have wilfully rejected even His grace for a mere temporal pleasure or opportunity!
And now MY princess is grown up and still maintaining her authority with her younger brothers, so she has effectively organised Sidekick's present this year. So that's two down.
Without any kind of conscious control over my actions, and relying purely on instinct/adrenaline, I grabbed Shane’s tiny body and flung her clear across the condo. She must have flown ten feet into the kitchen area. I believe she landed hard against the entertainment center.
And so, I got honest with myself and honest with God... and I challenge you to do the same. Look back over the past week of your life… and then back over the past year. Who or what have you been living for? Now open your checkbook- what do the numbers show? Who or what has been in the #1 spot of your life?
As for Australian politicians, my Grandfather would say.....they need to have a long, hard look at themselves.
The Shakespeare Code
My new Canon has enabled me to snap a shot or two from distance, using its superb zoom. Nevertheless, the occasions I have been lucky enough to capture even such images can be counted on the fingers of one hand.
Staves (black)
“Are you okay baby?”Ask Yoochun worried as he rubs Junsu’s back. Junsu panting and look at his husband. His face is pale and his body a bit shaking.
SDLC Required 5 Years 3 – Expert
In a tweet posted last night, Tay Ping Hui wrote:
I cannot wait to pull this off on my pout!
and head for the hills.
I'm pretty enough without them.
Adam and I also attended the Chosin Reservoir Battle Commemoration Wednesday morning at the Korean War Memorial. The Battle of Chosin was pretty amazing (you can get a quick history lesson here). We were freezing the entire time but it was worth it. Pictures are uploaded from this even as well.
S: I love big fuzzy sweaters—so, snow, though it only flurried once in my childhood (and a half-inch at that).
And there's a new podcast ready for download this Friday. It's a big one!
It’s a funny place the UK sometimes for weather…. It got me thinking about them birds again…
There are the permissions for the dialogue Mass.
Aug., De Cons. Ev., ii, 45: This the Evangelist relates to have been done immediately after the passion of John, therefore after this were those things done that were spoken of above, and moved Herod to say, “This is John.” For we must suppose those things to have been after his death which report carried to Herod, and which moved him to doubt who he could be concerning whom he heard such things; for himself had put John to death.
It makes me wonder about other inanimate objects… trees and plants on a wind free day for example. These living things are looked at daily by so many people. I often wonder whether these giants uproot themselves when they believe the people are sleeping and observe us sleeping.
So what happened? To state the most obvious, it is next to impossible to accept a 65 year old grave robber is is still involved in such high adventure. The last couple years have seen some pitiful efforts by aging actors to continue with their usual rounds with mixed results. I am not one to make a general statement that there is a definite time to get off the stage, but I admire it when entertainers figure it out for themselves. Jack Nicholson can no longer play a counter culture icon. He knows. Sean Connery can no longer play an action hero/ladies man. he knows it. But Sylvester Stallone has no clue he can no longer play a boxer or mercenary. Mick Jagger cannot prance around on stage singing about sex. They both might break a hip. Sad to say, I doubt Harrison Ford can still play a swashbuckler.
I'm tired of being told that drug addicts have a disease, and I must help support and treat them, and pay for the damage they do. Did a giant germ rush out of a dark alley, grab them, and stuff white powder up their noses or stick a needle in their arm while they tried to fight it off?
* Coordinate all new furniture items delivered before pack-out date.
So, since we are all short on time this time of year, I will not drone on and on but send you on your way to the next person on the hop after me...Wendy! Enjoy the hop and hope you get lots of ideas and inspiration!!
This is just a quick little javascript function that:
The children switched between these uses of their resources when addressing people whom they associated with each language, or when looking at pictures of them – as well as when talking to toys which they got from Portuguese or Swedish speakers and which, therefore, also “spoke” each of these languages. The baby-dialogues that they fashioned in this way sounded Portuguese or Swedish, because the prosody was Portuguese or Swedish. When the first words appeared, the children accommodated them to the linguistic melodies that they had by then mastered, and went on using their old prosodic strategies as replacement for words which they hadn’t yet learnt in one of their languages, or which for some reason failed them at some time or other. Just like all of us use fillers like thingamabob or what’s-its-name, for the same reasons.
It’s 00:42 in Cape Town, it’s cold and rainy (just how I like it – you know, “together weather”), and on days like this, there is music out there that just fit perfectly with this weather, so I spent the some time working on a mix, Stories For Rainy Days, with all my favorite tracks and artists such as mndsgn, devonwho, ahnnu, lowleaf, swarvy and many more, that go hand in hand with the rain, listen and download after the jump…enjoy…
Enjoy the day, sweets and enjoy your sweets while you're at it!
1 C dried cranberries
Such a community also affords the individual the privacy to which we have all become accustomed and the financial benefits of home ownership while being part of a larger unit. Participants in a cohousing development take an active role in the creation of their community. Social interaction is a primary component; creating a sustainable environment, an artist community, a child-oriented community, a service oriented community, or a combination of these, are often goals. Successful communities are usually started by a core of people who choose to live in such a community, rather than by developers who want to sell their housing units.
- bobby pins
At 7:30 that evening he pulled in my driveway. I stood waiting for him on the deck, and as I watched him walk toward me I knew that I was a goner. Cupid had hit with flawless aim. Deny and lie to myself all I wanted, whatever this was between us – it couldn’t have been more real and was every bit as intense as I remembered, if not more so. Then he looked at me and smiled, and my world dissolved so that it was only him. The kiss made me close my eyes in pure ecstasy.
This time it would be Greebo's fun new Chaos dwarves, with the old classic GW hobgoblins.
He surprised me as he backed away from the gate as I undid the chain---let the gate swing clear and walked through heading for the stable---
First things first, get roommate to stop snoring. "Mischa. MISCHA. MISCHA!" Nothing.
This was a fun card to make!
Okay...maybe not actually running, but he was definitely outside the safe zone in his chonies.
Mr Chris van Zyl, CEO of TAU SA, explained that the stats are conservative. “There are areas where we do not have members, and if the media does not report the incidents then when will never know about the attacks.”
jiplp is the blog of the leading Oxford University Press monthly publication, The Journal of Intellectual Property Law and Practice (JIPLP), which IPKat team member Jeremy (http://jiplp.blogspot.com/) edits, with fellow Kats Birgit and Neil on the editorial board. As of today, this blog has 648 email subscribers and a searchable database of 263 items. This blog's content includes Current Intelligence notes, book reviews, requests for articles on specific topics and guidance as to how to write (or not to write) good IP articles.
The group’s leader, Staff Sergeant Calvin Gibbs, then allegedly threw a grenade at the man while an order was given for him to be shot.
Enjoyment/Likability: B
Storage: May be refrigerated for 3 days. May also be frozen indefinitely. Thaw, microwave, and serve.
Required Skills:
-What do you like least? Honestly? I think most of the stories (lessons 1 and 3) are stupid. Very, very dry. I know, I don't expect great literature from curriculum-based stories, but I could quite honestly usually write something better. But...on the other hand, see what I said above about The Test. They're not all bad, for the purpose they serve. And I can (and do!) certainly supplement.
AvitalLeibovich: Rehearsals for this kind of violent riots in #Kalandya happen on a weekly basis. #GMJ #violence Updating: Land Day Riots AvitalLeibovich: I see some of the media is leaving #Kalandya.I wonder if accordingly,the riot will disperse…. Land Day Shenanigans Video: Latma On Israel’s Completely Non-Political General and “Story Time” AvitalLeibovich: Thought so:seems like the riot in #Kalandya is heading towards dispersal as most media is gone. #GMJ Anti-Israel gay conference on “Homonationalism and Pinkwashing” at CUNY Soccer Dad’s Middle East Media Sampler The Middle East Media Sampler 3/30/2012: Obama’s Got Israel’s Back (Just Check Knife Wounds) Sabbath music video It Only Gets Better When Taken In Context Neturei Karta “rabbis” insulted and beaten in Jordan “Global March” .@AliAbunimah Compares Terrorist #HanaShalabi With Convicted Kidnapper Winnie Mandela. goo.gl/O83lG Hilarious Please send money Barry Rubin: Betrayal Glorified: The Bizarre Jewish Movement to Destroy Israel by Pretending to Save It 972mag attacks Judaism Video: Iranian Response To “Israel Loves Iran” Five year old girl forced to marry – in England Dog mascot chases real cat during Maccabi Tel Aviv game Rioters Hurling Firebombs at IDF Forces in Bethlehem by idfnadesk Булат Окуджава и девушки-солдаты Израильской армии
Yes, dear Dedicated Readers, it’s time for more construction wall fun from WDW… but this time we have some really good info (at least we hope it’s good, and accurate) about what’s to come behind them…
WASHINGTON, DC – House Republicans investigating the Fast and Furious scandal have gotten the go-ahead by their party leaders to pursue a contempt citation against Attorney General Eric Holder, senior congressional aides told CBS News. The resolution will accuse Holder and his Justice Department of obstructing the congressional probe into the allegations that the government let thousands of weapons fall into the hands of Mexican drug cartels.
Being that its Mothers Day on Sunday its a reminder for me about all that my mum does for me- every call for help, advice on baking and other things, washing, showers, place to call in for a coffee and chat, being around for my children and it reminds me of my friends and also being aware to love others and have compassion and sympathy and helping because as a mum myself you can't do life alone. Others are in our lives for the laughs, good times and bad. Friends get us through those days you feel like nothing is working and are our sounding boards when a stain just wont come out of our favourite top!
Perhaps I should go down the ironically eccentric route and turn up in a balaclava with a Jaffa cake, but maybe (given that I’m about to lobby for amnesty over the naming fiasco) this would not go down well with TFFKAM.
They shaved me and gave me that long face and puffy tail look. That's so not me. I'm a scrapper, a rogue, a trot to my own drum kind of guy...I'm not a pretty boy. At least Joanna agreed with that because when we got home she trimmed my face and cut down my tail. Made me look more of a man!
a terminate and fishy-smelling
“You know this year marks their fiftieth wedding anniversary. I should be planning a party for them; a celebration to recognize the fact that they were able to put up with one another for fifty years. But I don’t get to plan a party; they don’t get to celebrate, because they’re dead. They’ve already rotted away to dust in their grown-over graves. And you know what the best part is? I didn’t do anything to keep him from slowly taking their lives, all done with a smirk on his face.”
quicker.
Some math-geek would invariably ask a question – could they be actually trying to learn? – and she’d stop what she was doing and answer in Japanese-English.
I’ve been fascinated by dreams for as long as I can remember. The mind in general is a mysterious thing, and while dreams represent only one of many mysteries about the workings of our minds, they are unique in how they demand at least some of our conscious curiosity on almost a daily basis.
I am going to get a haircut (first one in about 6 or so months!) and an oil change for my poor neglected car. I will at some point work out, clean the house, do laundry, grocery shop and do some baking.
1) “Who am I around?” You’ve got to evaluate everybody who is able to influence you in any way. Remove the negative people from your sphere of influence. Life is too short to pay someone who makes you miserable. You’ll grow faster and more effectively as a professional and as a person. You’ll also be a more effective and happy professional as a result.
Crisis intervention, information about domestic violence, referrals to local service providers to victims of domestic violence and those calling on their behalf, assistance in both English and Spanish.
6. Use eco-friendly cleaning solutions. Not only is this better for the environment, but it’s also better for the kids. Prevent toxic chemicals and harsh fumes in your home and make your own cleaning solutions out of vinegar, lemon juice, and baking soda.
Darling, do you remember
Michigan 28-Feb 30 16 14 0 0
I made this recipe several times while we were having our summer vacations with my in-laws and he liked these schnitzels very much.
Both marriages are breaking under the weight of huge fault lines. Dev is bitter and nasty due to his frustration over his injury and his feelings of failure compared to his wife’s successes. Maya has no sexual feelings for her husband, a problem compounded by her guilt over being infertile. Dev and Maya come together initially to support each other in saving their marriages; in time, however, they fall in love with each other and have to face the realization that it is their relationship that is truly ending all chance of reconciliation with their respective spouses.
Then there was another curse in which he accidentally killed a poor bhramin’s cow who cursed him helpless in the same way the innocent cow had become, by his chariot wheels getting stuck to his ground. (The reason on his death he was not on his chariot when Arjun killed him)
OR STYLE YOUR FUR WITH VASELINE.
147But now no face divine contentment wears,
Now, 61 days after that very first sale I have reached 57 sales, almost a sale a day & I couldn't be happier. I am having a lot of fun & the entire process intrigues & excites me. I love finding customers who enjoy these vintage treasures as much as I do & I have come in contact with some wonderful people because of this new venture.
We could care less as we stride lost in a unison kind of euphoria.
Recruiting advantage?
In women that’s about 12-16%. The average woman in America right now has about 30%, and the average fit and healthy female has about 18-20%. By the way, it’s dangerous to get below 12%, so don’t go overboard, okay?
A funeral, with plumes and lights
I have cut out the tag with a Tim Holtz/Sizzix die called Tag And Bookplates. I used 1935 for the tag and 1934 for the circles.
Material and money is not a source of happiness for your living but a mere illusion of it. And getting into debt to satisfy a momentary desire for this illusion takes a heavy toll on mind, body and life over an extended period of time. Rather seek true happiness that lies in relationships, love, generosity, forgiveness, character, laughter, and several small experiences in life.
2) Write us a small stone on our wedding day whilst we’re saying our vows and eating cake, post it on your blog, and send it to us.
sent: 08.02.10 at 21.34 pm
The evil system brought to Great Turtle Island in 1492 is shutting down. In “Masters of War” Bob Dylan said: “And I hope that you die and your death will come soon. I’ll follow your casket in the pale afternoon. And I’ll watch while you’re lowered down to your deathbed. And I’ll stand over your grave til I’m sure that you’re dead”.
I truly am
Crazy for Copics (Copic 1). Is a prerequisite for the class, but Copic 2 is not. A list of markers to bring is listed on Angela's class page. I hope you can make it!
From time to time, use a whisk to blend the pudding
Question: ´Do these go anywhere near Palermo?´
And how can you beat ‘Fantastic Tales of Super-Science’ across the top.
You’re a hot tamale.
1 curiosity
this, too, shall pass away.
I also ordered a new variety of Alpine strawberries to complete my little patch. Thanks to much hovering and covering/uncovering/covering of my new plants during the endless freeze, it looks like they've all survived.
These Apricot Tea Squares are simple to make, use wholesome ingredients and get this - contain NO SUGAR or sugar substitutes! The apricots and natural sweetness of coconut is all you need. That, my friends, is a winner in my book.
Recently I had to upgrade a Grails application from 1.2.2 to 1.3.4 at a client site. They use maven heavily and so use the grails maven plugin.
Beatrice (Tris) Prior
The great big trees didn't seem to care;
That guilty finding related to Malema, ANCYL deputy president Ronald Lamola, treasurer general Pule Mabe, secretary general Sindiso Magaqa and deputy secretary general Kenetswe Mosenogi.
I used a sketch by the talented Sheree from Scrapz.Biz as my inspiration.
Watabe Atsuro reveals that he’s a fan of KARA Nogizaka46 comments on “rivalry” with AKB48’s Sashihara Rino at HTC’s product launch event Track list for Sashihara Rino’s solo debut single revealed SMAP x SMAP’ books to be released New ‘ONE PIECE’ film to be written by Suzuki Osamu Nogizaka46’s Ikoma Rina to release her first solo song “Mizutama Moyou” Tsuchiya Anna denies rumors of her husband’s domestic violence Morning Musume breaks the record for having the most consecutive top 10 singles Nogizaka46 changes a part of their dance to “Oide Shampoo” Jacket covers for AKB48’s “Manatsu no Sounds good!” revealed AKB48’s Sashihara Rino nominated as Oita City’s sightseeing ambassador SNSD’s First Sub-Unit Taetiseo To Debut On May 5th Absolute Boyfriend to get a theatrical adaptation Niigaki Risa – “as it is” DVD Cover Released StylipS – “MIRACLE RUSH” Covers Released Mano Erina, Yajima Maimi, Suzuki Airi & Okai Chisato To Star In A New Stage Play Titled “Theatre In The Round” Tanaka Reina – “Kira Kira” PB Cover & Previews Released Tanaka Reina, Morning Musume 9th & 10th Generation Members To Star In A New Stage Play Titled “Stacey’s Shoujo Saisatsu Kageki” Mano Erina’s 4th PB Titled “MANO DATE” Actor Song Il Kook reveals he almost had to give up on one of his triplets Jungshin will focus on studying music during CNBLUE’s hiatus Kim Hyun Joong unsettled over controversy surrounding his Taiwanese fan meeting Shuukan Japan! Chapter 19
Maybe I can do something with that?
Peplums were the last hoorah of the glamorous 30s. By 1941 and the onset of fabric rationing it was all over for the peplum, although not in France, where flouting attempts to reign in extravagance was regarded as an act of defiance against the Nazis. Or so the French said, and let’s leave it there, because a far more interesting facet of this story is that peplums nearly always seem to flourish at that interface in history between excess and catastrophe.
Grace is who we really are and where we truly come from. The other day, I had a sudden vision of grace and I immediately knew that it was a memory from heaven. There we all were, going about our real vibrant lives and feeling so fulfilled with love. There was a clear sense of compassionate purpose and we felt such immense joy. We were embodying the most beautiful kind of grace and carrying ourselves from one high creative task to the next. We were continuing to work on our growth and living harmoniously with each other as we exchanged deep support. I will carry this reminder with me as we embrace the next age. It is time to bring heaven to our human experience, and build our new golden world with grace.
I had just finished another quilt top that is scheduled to be dropped at the quilters this morning. I laid it out on the floor and stepped over to my computer to wrap up a few emails. I was ready to go to bed when I turned to look at the quilt and something just wasn't right. I kept staring at it trying to figure it out. I finally pulled up the template I had done on the computer and there it was- plain as day. I had forgotten a very important element of one whole section of the quilt. The middle section.
And lastly, for some good bargain hunting, and online shopping, head on over to my website, and check out the Weekly Deals for Willow House. These deals will run from Monday to Sunday at midnight, or until they are sold out. There are some GREAT buys, so you'll want to check them out....
“Here’s an example of prejudice,” he said, gesturing at Leonetti. “Two lawyers against one. Exhibit A.”
Above: For a Life Magazine article in 1951, Austen was reunited with her tattered old home.
Ink: Color Queue (Chocolate & Blueberries)
Holmbury is notable as the former home, until 1986, of the Beatrice Webb Trust (whose headquarters included The Fabian Window, commissioned by George Bernard Shaw) and of Victorian Gothic revival architect George Edmund Street, who designed St Mary’s Church in the village and, more famously, the Royal Courts of Justice in The Strand. The village is also the current home of the Mullard Space Science Laboratory – it seems slightly incongruous that world-leading research into astrophysics and deep space exploration is carried out in a sleepy Surrey village.
No one ever came. The teens eventually lost interest in the clumsy woman talking to herself and they went back to their laptops and conversation.
What is it?
Photograph: Harbhajan Singh celebrates with Virat Kohli after taking the wicket of AB de Villiers in Nagpur on Saturday (Photo by Daniel Berehulak/Getty Images)
It seems like yesterday when the Dr's put that sweet girl in my arms. She is such a joy to Andrew and I and I am so thankful for every day that we are together.
What conclusion can any reasonable person draw from this other than that Evian and Foster's have made effective advertisements and Walkers and Cadbury's have not? Not only do Foster's make it clear that they are advertising a beer, they have made a series of different adverts using the same characters for a campaign that is still ongoing. Cadbury's, on the other hand, made one notoriously uninformative advert back in 2007 when the kids involved in this survey were 5 or 6 years old.
Learning how to live on three legs will be hard, but we know he'll do well. His best friend, our little dog Flippy, will be his biggest support and cheerleader. He'll give Charlie that extra nudge and encouragement he needs to get off his feet.
I believe I have already used this photo before, but I love it so much! It reminds me of something you would see at the Royal Wedding! I wish hats were more common in Himegyaru to be quite honest...
Every moment's a day
He’d seen things you people wouldn’t believe and, when he died, almost all those moments were lost in time, like tears in rain. His death went mostly un-noticed, but he intersected with History.
Some houses try to hide the fact
With all sweet things it passed away,”
Not the wimpy kind I have that is filled with generic seed. Nope, my mom bought the fancy one you see in the air mall catalog.
E. free government homesteads for settlers. 418
Size 5mm (H/8) hook
I'm REALLY excited about seeing my friends again at La Cava del Tequila. I fully intend on trying even more things on the drink menu, including the new Coffee Margarita. My favorite guacamole in the whole world is served at La Cava as well. I think I should treat myself to a shot of Don Julio 1942 for my birthday since it's my favorite. :)
The availability of email and office software began to flip this world upside down. From 1995 until around 2003 -- mind you, that's just 8 short years -- I witnessed my paper usage decline by at least 98% while efficiency increased by the same rate. In recent years I realized that many times I was still printing documents which really didn't need to be printed at all. It was habit coupled with the comfort of holding something tangible in my hand which would quickly become clutter on my desk. This clutter necessitated making file labels to keep things organized and neat, and insure that I would never see those particularly pieces of paper ever again.
When we decided enough was enough, we came in, daddy was due very soon and I had done most of the washing up after my baking spree, so before I attempted the icing EJ wanted all 3 of us to go for a walk to “the stone”… for those that do not know, the stone is a very old Neolithic stone yet the age of it cannot be placed as yet, it was obviously used as an old gatepost at some point too but other than that we know nothing of its age to be totally honest.
#6 ~ Vintage Photo Distress Stain on edges and to dye corrugated cardboard strip; Antique Linen & VP Distress Inks on person; VP Distress Ink on letters and background hearts
It was the longest night of my life. By 9pm I was faking yawns and commenting on how tired I was and how I really ought to have an early night. He didn't seem to want to prolong the evening either and we were soon heading home.
Anyone who has survived a long-term relationship (and I’m talking decades, not just a year a two) knows it is an adventure in joy, despair and resilience combined with equal parts humour and anger.
I stamped my sentiment in Grape Jelly ink on Whip Cream cardstock and then cut out with a Spellbinders pennant die. You can see the beautiful soft texture of the felt in this close-up. ALL new April releases will be available April 1 at A Walk Down Memory Lane. Just type in Stamp School in the search bar, and you can see all there is that you need :)
They have recently upgraded their TV to a 38inch digital set because (a) digital is now a must and (b) because at 38inches Granddad can once again see and enjoy his television. These new TV's are all singing all dancing and designed by the younger adults in society taking into consideration what they see as 'workable' and 'convenient'. Problem is we have an ageing population and while 90+ is the top end of that population there will be more of them over the years.
The quality of the work rises above that of much of today’s popular literature because of Rebecca’s writing. She has an easy style that makes you want to leap to the next page. She’s just a natural. Mary Louise Ruehr - Books Editor for the Record-Courier in Ohio.
The pattern is very easy and the result is quite pleasing! The fabric I used was a very thin black suede-like material with a light stretch. I used some of it on my Matrix Dress.
Beneath these waves of existential heart and soul
1 1/2 cups white sugar
1 bleeker
Change is in the air.
DOWNTOWN
Romney targets Obama, Santorum in Michigan push – THOMAS BEAUMONT, Associated Press – Saturday, February 25, 2012 – (02-25) 07:57 PST Lansing, Mich. (AP)
A most interesting lamentation of time going by. She had two others on her site, well worth the read if you can stop by.
Are there any hands to raise
This is also the first time I have made it to my scheduled delivery date....with both girls I went into labor. But I have been able to plan down to the exact day now with this one. Tomorrow, April 10th, will be the 14th anniversary of my first date with my husband. We get to mark the anniversary of our first date with the arrival of our son!! How neat is that?!?!?
Versus, CUT THAT SHIT OUT.
What's amazing to me on Apple's iTunes site as well as Amazon's is how comfortably traditionally pubbed books rub shoulders with the indies. At Barnes and Noble, not so much.
Nigel Benn was someone who appeared to have everything, having literally fought his way to the very top, along the way earning the sobriquet “The Dark Destroyer”. Yet he fell into drug addictions and had many affairs. One of these hit the papers, and led Caroline almost to despair. One morning, after dropping the kids off at school, she found herself going into an empty church where, for several hours, she wept. She left feeling that she had encountered Christ and announced as much to Nigel – who thought she was cuckoo.
I went of a lunchtime with my beautiful mate H (who as of this week no longer works with us, so we’ll have to book her in advance for a lunchtime pho trip when she’s back in the country) and got spring rolls and the usual, that is, rare beef pho. The original and the best. The spring rolls come out hot and crispy, just the way they should be.
You have discovered of course
For FDA and other agency employees such instability can be maddening. After eight years of the Bush Administration imposing their particular brand of political considerations on the federal agencies, the Obama Administration comes in and does the exact same thing, but this time the political winds are blowing from a different direction. Welcome to democracy.
“Henna.”
But with you
Then, I got a phone call from Zelda's teacher. She had a fever of over 100 degrees. Everything drops. Zelda hasn't had a seizure in 8 months and she is now on 2 different meds that seem to be working. If she gets a fever, a seizure could appear at any moment. I run home, get a syringe of Children's tylenol, a syringe of Kepra, and her Diastat giant rectal injection in case she seizes.
In this case, it's the wholesome mom who is to blame.
The Chinese government is cracking down on “vulgarity” in public places. The nation’s biggest on-line gaming fair has been told that the models who appear in the event should not display advertising logos in “sensitive positions”. That sounds like the deliberately vague catch-all prohibition of a Communist regime scared of counter-revolutionary nipple slogans. Some might think Chinese girls were insufficiently endowed to carry seditious material on their bosoms, but apparently much can be said with a couple of well-chosen characters. During the Cultural Revolution, the red guards checked whether suspects had shaved insults to Mao on their pubic hair.
Hail to the Sovereign of the Underworld–Rejoice! You are praised!
Life's blessings to you.
9.burger bar baby
“Smoke kept blowing by the window. I asked where it came from. “Oh, its nothing” someone answered with a gesture of impatience, “it’s only a church being burnt”. That made me feel sick. It was terrifying, churches on fire, and pent-up hatred everywhere. Everybody knew that something appalling was about to happen”.
Our adversary in the way is the word of God, which in this present life is in conflict with our carnal desires. And from this adversary he is delivered who is humbly subject to His commandments… In the final judgments of the Judge a sinner will be held guilty if he has despised the word of the Lord. And the Judge will deliver Him to the exacter; for He will permit the evil spirits to drag him to final punishment, to demand for torment the soul now driven from the body, and which of its own will had conspired with him in evil doing. The exacter casts it into prison; for it is thrust down to hell by the evil spirit, until the Day of Judgment comes; after which he also will be tormented in the fires of hell (from the sermon of Pope St. Gregory the Great).
So, how much did you do this weekend? A smock or a sminch?
I love this workshop and it just keeps growing each year! And Love the Seniors that take part too! And I couldn't do it without helpers/volunteers and donations!
There are also other solutions for lowering the cost without reducing the benefit period, such as reducing the benefit amount. Remember that a half loaf of bread is better than none, and most carriers provide an option that allows more coverage to be purchased in the future, strictly based on financial underwriting, with no evidence of medical insurability required. This future increase option has some other benefits to the insured, as well, such as locking in the occupation classification.
I'm sure you know this, but cask ale is a uniquely British product. On paper, it's lunacy: it's an unfinished food product that is turned over to a pub landlord to complete. If you've ever seen Michael Jackson's "The Beer Hunter" TV series, you'll know that he makes the same point while interviewing Mark Dorber, then of the legendary White Horse on Parson's Green. Part of the skill of cellaring beer to peak condition is what makes a good landlord, a good pub, and happy customers.
“Gessner knew where they were… are…”
naked in their transparency as he watched me
Waddington, smiling, translated the question.
"If you're seeking a more daring experience, make sure you try out the Sakara Ling 10% (long live the King)."
So on the 16th I decided I would hit the road, due to a lethal combination of boredom and self-hatred. Self-hatred may be too strong a word, but let's face it, I've spent the past few months getting paid to not work, and the last exciting thing I did was ordering underwear online. My life was lacking a certain energy. I'd been mulling over the idea of heading back to good old Blighty for awhile now - numerous reasons (the need to see family and friends, the need to get out of a country where sales staff refuse to put change in your hand), so I decided on the sort of last minute trip that fills you with a real sense of purpose, and fills the people you're visiting with a sort of dread ("Oh for fuck's sake, right, okay, so you'll be here tomorrow....right....").
Once filled and ready, snip a little bit of the point off. You are now ready to pipe the jam. These paper piping bags work fantastically well with chocolate for line writing and decorating.
love in a cold climate, what a treacherous path to follow.
Bell Biv Devoe - Poison
In time I grew to love that cape. In fact, I wish I still had it.
You know what is right for your children and school isn't it. Your partner disagrees. S/He insists that school is were they ought to be.
The deeper we go into the meaning of God’s call for us, the more we find that God is sending us – God called Moses at the burning bush then sent him to set his people free. God called Isaiah in the vision in the temple and then sent him to be a prophet to his people. God calls us at our baptism and sends us at our confirmation. The sending isn’t optional – it is part and parcel of being a Christian. When we baptise children it is on the understanding that they should be confirmed when they can declare the faith to be their own. The coming of age is a symbol of each of us accepting our sending.
It’s described further in the two examples below it.
Living in the moment has become somewhat difficult task to do for me. I find it incessantly hard to realise that I am in a happy moment as I am constantly dreading the end, or thinking of the next moment. Because of this, happy moments tend to surpass me whilst I wait for the next moment to happen.
While you may think it never rains, your wedding day could be the one day your never-rains location gets a storm and you don’t want to risk having to cancel or postpone your wedding.
During this time the pink blossoms will come into view and over the course of these weeks there are some really nice events going on that are great for sharing with your friends, your lives or just your inner self.
Now, why they didn't cover this in the documentary, I don't know...it'd make for some pretty sweet CGI. Again, the Earth was already pretty geologically active prior to this impact, but definitely way moreso afterwards.
Reece, the five year old, informed his mother that he had teleported himself into his bunk at bedtime last night. Since mom didn’t hear the bed’s usual squeaks, she couldn’t dispute Reece’s explanation.
Bennett stopped so suddenly that she wound up a couple of steps ahead of him. “Just what do you think is so important about it and why is it any of your business?”
Tip 10: Read up on how you can become an ‘alpha male’
I am excited for my church...switching gears a little here. For so many years my small church has had problems. We've been through a lot. I have not always stayed, thought maybe our church in the next town would be better. For awhile it was a nice change, but I knew I needed to be here supporting the church I love, that was struggling. The church that really needed me. So when I came back, it was in the hopes that the Lord would send people, leaders, to help us. To help change things. No church is free of problems and ours isn't, but I see such a huge improvement. I see the Spirit working. There is so much love. People that have left are coming back and new people are joining.
Bad Eggs- A weekly post will be published debating the top Bad Eggs of the week.
I've felt random and infrequent reviews are useless to you, there are so many constant reviews out there after all. So I never bothered but I recently tried out a oft talked about fringe cafe (coy, no?) and I think I found the angle for my critiques. So food/experience reviews are coming.
My youngest daughter and I got our glasses today. Our previous eye doctor gave all six of us in the house bifocals which I thought was rather odd...but they are the professionals, right? Well, come to find out that I don't need bifocals...yet. In fact my glasses have a prescription in the right lense but not the left lense...I wear them when reading, on my computer and driving (which translates into pretty much all the time, LOL).
I have always wanted to put the word "create" in my craft room. You know, something to remind me that that is what I am supposed to do while I am in there, not just sit at my computer looking at everyone else's creations. :) So I put my very neglected Cricut to use today.
The menu is: A *yet-to-be determined breakfast casserole* (daughter is not very thrilled with eggs these days, so I am still searching and taking suggestions), fruit (oranges and bananas), sausage links and bacon, cherry coffeecake & Mrs. Vick's Apricot Scones (daughter request - they are her favorites). There will also be Citrus Punch, Coffee & Tea as well as Blue Velvet Cupcakes w/Cream Cheese Frosting, nuts and blue candies. Look for the coffeecake recipe this weekend.
As for becoming “Brooklynized,” as I said, Yormark wanted to be able to show his potential boss that he’d made an effort to understand the borough.
Myprofsaid was created one week ago, and already contains posts from a dozen colleges from across the country. The website is free to visit, so how do they make money?
I kissed W and whispered I love you as he was taken by a special mother. I went up to P, who was being held by another special mother and kissed his sweet forehead. Told him I loved him. Choked back my cries.
Happy weekend everyone! After a busy week at work, its great to finally reach Saturday morning and wake up relaxed and happy. Today’s post is about what I love about weekends, and what makes weekends special.
"You're always studying. My brother says you've become positively dull. Talk to me instead."
Tonight I sat in the sanctuary filled with people from most of the churches in Sebastian, Florida. Remembering. It was a moving Good Friday service filled with brutal mixtures of sorrow and joy.
Heat oven to 400 degrees.
We've also got our full line-up of bottled products in stock: Tippecanoe Common Ale and Black Angus Oatmeal Stout are available in 12 oz. longnecks; while Star City Lager and Eighty-Five American Ale are both available in our new 22 oz. bombers. Stop by on Sunday for carry-out if you're in town for the Christmas Parade or the PMO Christmas shows.From Mad Anthony in Ft. Wayne:
Jill Berg (R) vs. Triple R (D)- winner is guaranteed a PCW Title match at November’s PCW Extreme Election Night 2010.
We are a full service band that can provide everything for your event: acoustic guitar or a PA system for a wedding ceremony, rehearsal dinner performance, and cocktail and dinner hour live music. We can even officiate your wedding! Of course, when it comes time to party and dance, there is no better band in Colorado than Narrow Gauge!
they talk about how much they’d like to fuck her
We loved our separate rooms in Georgia and North Carolina.
build the capacity and potential of the Monteverde Conservation
Old Speckled Hen; England, Premium Bitter, 5.2%
We each truly are on our own roads of progression and growth. For most, it is more important to be accepted and affirmed by others than it is to stand on truth. Standing on truth can often mean great personal cost. Who among us is genuinely willing to pay the price for such demonstrated independent thought? The answer is ultimately very very few.
The rate at which you are approaching this magnificent event is accelerating as the divine embrace, the divine field of Love enveloping the planet and all upon it intensifies and strengthens. There is no escape from God’s Love for you! And there is no escape from the infinite ecstasy in which It will enfold you!
Later on, I will try to see if I can modify some of the ritual – it’s not extensive but it can be leaner.
Beautifull pieces of art but unfortunally there can only be ONE WINNER.....
On top of that, I still have no idea what sort of ballpark amount of money I need to save for 3D art. Honestly, I’m worried that it’ll run me a lot of money, even if I were to opt for really old-school 3D. And I can’t get away with old-school 3D as easily as many other games do, since I’m developing for PC and Mac, not iOS or Android… I’ll do it if I need to, though (and I probably will).
Morris and Esther agreed, and up they went. The pilot did all kinds of fancy maneuvers, but not a word was heard. He did his daredevil tricks over and over again, but still not a word. When they landed, the pilot turned to Morris and said, "By golly, I did everrything I could to get you to yell out, but you didn't. I'm impressed."
Please check for the customer reviews & ratings of Matrox MXO2 Mini High Definition HDMI & Analog I/O Device with PCIe Host ExpressCard/34 Adapter for Laptop, Win/Mac on the merchant’s website by visit the link below.
Then we tried a windy experiment. We wanted to find out how far wind can move things.
in order to
- Self Made v.2, June 26th.
However, the city of Brooklyn had a good deal more expansion ahead of it and would eventually swell to include many towns south and southeast of its original borders, an area referred to back then as the Western District, including areas like Bay Ridge, Red Hook, and many others. (This is a tad confusing today as many of these areas were later called South Brooklyn; the Eastern/Western distinction makes sense of you orient it with 'true north'.)
I went along with my birthday twin, Angela, (who's a total nip/tuck fan). We were made to feel very welcome on arrival and offered a choice of wine and sandwiches. We opted for white, and a wee cheeky tortilla wrap. The schedule for the evening included an introduction by the clinical lead, Dr Ahmed, followed by live demonstrations of dermal fillers and a 'vampire' face-lift! (More on these later...)
As they continue towards the Eye of the Needle, Ava wonders if Ossie has already made it home and found her note:
We have been very lucky that we have had few access challenges in the time I've been a service dog. A couple weeks ago, we went to Mom and Grandmom's favorite store to find some summer clothes for Mom. Mom was ready to try on some clothes and the attendant said first that I couldn't come in, then that we couldn't take all our clothes in, then that we could and then that the handicapped dressing room wasn't useable (Mom needs help from Grandmom to try on clothes and it is hard to fit 2 people and a service dog in my gear in a regular one). Then another worker came up and said I couldn't go in. Both people were very rude to Mom and Grandmom We explained to both of them what I did and that I am allowed by ADA law to be with Mom.
Protect soil and plants
Hoop device separating a large span of time.
Stamp Ink : Jet Black by Ranger Ink
Seeing as it is Friday and you know how I like to treat you all to a little sumting sumting for being good to me all week and commenting on my posts, this week I thought I should bring you some home grown talent direct from the streets of Peckham,
Because Iran controls second largest reserves of Oil, therefore, the world – the US mainly – wants to control Iran! And this is no hypothesis. Otherwise, why will the world – the US – have duplicity in its diplomacy while dealing with various nations, many of them rouge and much more fundamentalists than Iran; nuclear arsenals is just one of the excuse to gain so-called legitimate access to Iran’s vast Oil reserves!
The world is littered with former folk singers and pop stars from the ‘60s and ‘70s who’ve tried to make a comeback. But none has received the endless hype that pop culture outlets are providing to Yusuf Islam.
Before that, however, I have an evening at home with the family. A nice quiet, relaxing evening, that I have been looking forward to all week.
I like the scene in Terminator 2, where Arnold, now the good Terminator, is playing with John Connor, the boy who will grow up to save the world, while the boy’s mother watches them. She muses, in voiceover,’ Watching John with the machine, it was suddenly so clear. The terminator wouldn't stop, it would never leave him. It would never hurt him or shout at him or get drunk and hit him or say it was too busy to spend time with him. And it would die to protect him. Of all the would-be fathers that came over the years, this thing, this machine, was the only thing that measured up. In an insane world, it was the sanest choice.’
so i'll try to be around more often :)
Rapid City Journal columnist
· Create short tips to publish in your Ezine
For attendant ghosts of my past to hear.
The sun shone through each grain of dirt, through to the minute holes in her casket, and rushed towards her naked body, its rays beating on her glistening surface. Like an exhausted ballerina she then drew her hands back to her sides, relaxing back into her perpetual slumber, smiling sweetly for the first time in her death.
What super bowl party would be complete with out dips and salsa to complinment the chips? It is kind of a double diet wammy. Here you can safely choose the Salsa over the creamy dips as the healthier alternative (but it is fairly high in sodium).
Still, this is proof positive in my own home that a obsessive interest in computer games is like a branch that is capable of suddenly putting out a new, green shoot in a completely different direction.
Please use plain text (Times Roman 12) and abstain from using footnotes and any special formatting, characters or emphasis (such as bold, italics or underline). We acknowledge receipt and answer to all paper proposals submitted. If you do not receive a reply from us in a week you should assume we did not receive your proposal; it might be lost in cyberspace! We suggest, then, to look for an alternative electronic route or resend.
Galleys look like the actual pages that will appear in a bound novel. When you get the author copies of the galleys, you have your last chance to proofread your novel and make minor changes before it goes to print.
Allow your mind to conjure up images of the Indian Ocean, what does it see? Beautiful beaches, clear waters and coral reefs perhaps. If you did the same for Madagascar, one of the largest islands in the world, what do you see now? Dense forests, groups of acrobatic lemurs - a verdant, rich landscape maybe.
It seems that most of the best flirts and/or openers from men I have received was in a stressful situations. I believe that a man who is a stranger than can take a woman he doesn’t even know out of her stressful or frustrating mindset is awesome.
* Common interests exist between farmers and consumers. There are topics about which both consumers and the farming community care deeply, and these areas should be a main focus, Yazmir said. While the motivation behind their interest may be different, the end result will offer benefits to both groups, he noted.
but this dream I’m waking from, will turn you
All that has to be put aside as they reach Mars. Waiting for them are three unmanned supply ships. Something else is waiting for them. They received signals that could only come from below. Spartan says to go to the surface armed and shoot first and ask questions later. Oh well, he’s the boss.
Card #2 My Minds Eye Gertie, Cardstock Redish Rose, Dark Brown
I'll be welcoming a bit of a slower pace by then I'm sure, and I'm very much looking forward to settling into the second trimester with most of my worries put to rest. Thank you for all of your continued support, sweet comments, and precious prayers!
so begins Day 2.
I look like I hadn’t quite figured out how to even wear a pair of shorts. I didn’t know how to tie my sneakers either, but she did, so she could help me with that.
She waited half an hour after the last bell of the day had sounded before she headed to his office. But by now she didn't care if anyone saw them together.
TBB: When did you first consider yourself a writer?
Marlee Matlin (Hear No Evil)
Some cast a wicked spell
Until that moment arrives, I thought it would be interesting to highlight just what is going on inside the eggs. Whilst they are being incubated, a developing peregrine chick has its head tucked under its wing. Chicks also have a large muscle called, rather appropriately, the hatching muscle, which runs from the middle of the neck right to the top of their heads.
On September 20 Summer Space offers brain-enriching activities, including walking tours of Montague Street led by the Brooklyn Historical Society, chess tables sponsored by the Brooklyn Daily Eagle, and drawing lessons from artist Charles Warner, sponsored by Daphne Art. The Heights Players will perform pieces from their fall production of Candide, and more.
Chelsea Quinn Yarbo – A Question Of Patronage
I ponder these attitudes as I continue to speak to others about grad school, and they respond with such anecdotes. I used to think I could tolerate such egos, especially when I aspired to work in film. But then I realized this: I don't care who you are or what you've done or how right you are. Don't give your criticism in such a bombastic manner. In other words, if you're a jerk you're a jerk.
Back to the meal and our hotel for the night - I guess we were feeling less adventurous after a couple of days on the road but we did wander into the old town and took a stroll around its narrow streets to discover its intriguing architecture. Many of the buildings are half timbered with contrasts of medieval carved stone buildings and wonderful arched walk ways. The hotel was entered by a small wooden double door lane way which I imagine allowed horse drawn coaches to enter. Things change and on our stay, there was a classic motorcycle that rested in the entrance. Our room was average but clean and comfortable. The rooms seemed to hide behind trees, bushes, and little courtyards with tables and chairs which we enjoyed on the sunlit spring afternoon. A glass of wine in hand, I was able to tap away some emails back home on our notebook.
and with a smooth swing sliced off her head. As the head rolled to the side he
many Christians have operated in this power; some have only been used to
Q: What does Thrive MAINLY do?
The albino moon hangs like a pupiless eye,
From the perspective of the order of man, we are in charge of our salvation. From the perspective of the order of God, there is only one Person in charge and that Person is not us.
The city is culturally rich, with various museums, archaeological sites, libraries, and arts venues; including the state of the art, 95$ million Mesa Arts Centre. Mesa has many educational opportunities, as it is home to Mesa Community College, A. T. Still University’s school of Health Sciences, and the Polytechnic campus of Arizona State University. It’s great warm climate makes Mesa opportune for recreational activities for a variety of interests; with a golf resort, sports stadium with Chicago Cubs spring training, and an amphitheater for outdoor festivals. Mesa is a good option for families thanks to it’s suburban qualities; dog parks, amusement park, education system, and youth sports league. If you want the suburban lifestyle with enjoying opportunities and features of the an urban centre, Mesa, Arizona is a place for your new home.
Will I rush out and buy it day one? Certainly not, I’ve been caught up in all this hype before. Will I pick it up just after Christmas when it reaches sub-£30? Probably.
Add the oats, walnuts, cocoa nibs, and chocolate chips. Remove the bowl from the mixer and use a spatula to finish incorporating the mixture by hand. Mix together until no flour bits remain, and everything is well mixed together.
File size: 40Mb
Today we will perform both…Warm Up into a nice lather doing something you enjoy and then Warm Up the Joints:
Morning all!
Ring: Disney Couture
The Lambrusco Kid 2:54
Omar Bongo together with his family had 70 bank accounts in France from which several properties worth millions of dollars were bought from. Omar Bongo and his relatives also bought a fleet of limousines, including a £308,823 Maybach for Edith. Payment of some of the cars was directly taken from the treasury of Gabon. The Sunday Times in UK reported that until her death Edith had over 75 million dollars stashed in banks in French Monaco. The same Edith used a cheque drawn on an account owned by Gabon treasury to buy the £308,823 Maybach in February 2004. “Bongo’s daughter Pascaline, 52, used a cheque from the same account for a part-payment of £29,497 towards a £60,000 Mercedes two years later. Bongo bought himself a Ferrari 612 Scaglietti F1 in October 2004 for £153,000, while his son Ali Bongo (now Gabon president) acquired a Ferrari 456 M GT in June 2001 for £156,000”. French police investigations indicate that this lifestyle of profligacy was supported by leading French banks.
Freedom from persecution and slavery
“Thank you,” she whispered to the cross on the dome. A man in the courtyard below stopped walking and looked up at her. He had long brown hair and a neat beard. He raised a hand to her in greeting. The palm and back of it were covered in square white dressings. Then he walked around the corner and was lost to sight.
I never took that personally, because I knew their attitude had nothing to do with who I am. On top of that I am very aware of the fact that people hate it when they are photographed. The thing is to be discreet. I do realise that had I walked into Sigur Rós' biotope without care I would have got zero on the request. In the end I am an intruder into a group of people who have known each other for years, so I didn't expect them to give me a warm welcome. After a while things got easier, but I always remained careful. the last thing I want is to forcefully arrange things.
There are many formulas out there. In Lutheranism, it’s about getting infant baptized and confirmation — and perhaps communion. Based on this, Luther said: Martin Luther: Sin Boldly — “No sin can separate us from Him, even if we were to kill or commit adultery thousands of times each day”.
Yes, I am keeping it real- we have kids. We have kids shoes. We have kids soccer balls. We have kids Easter baskets from the Easter egg hunts they attended yesterday when this picture was taken. Keeping it real, y'all.
Anyway, I am currently working on four or five paintings. I am sharing this one because it didn't photograph too bad.
The Department of Agriculture…is a vast, self-perpetuating postmodern bureaucracy with an amorphous budget of some $130 billion — a sum far greater than the nation’s net farm income this year. …This year it will give a record $20 billion in various crop “supports” to the nation’s wealthiest farmers — with the richest 10 percent receiving over 70 percent of all the redistributive payouts. …Then there is the more than $5 billion in ethanol subsidies that goes to the nation’s corn farmers to divert their acreage to produce transportation fuel. That program has somehow managed to cost the nation billions, to send worldwide corn prices sky-high, and to distort global trade in ethanol at the expense of far cheaper sugarcane. …About every 10 years or so, public outrage forces Congress to promise to curtail the subsidy programs. But when the deadline arrives, our elected officials always find a trendy excuse like “green energy” or “national security” to continue welfare to agribusiness. …In a brilliantly conceived devil’s bargain, the Department of Agriculture gives welfare to the wealthy on the one hand, while on the other sending more than $70 billion to the lower income brackets in food stamps. Originally, the food stamp program focused on the noble aim of supplementing the income of only the very poor and the disabled. But now eligibility is such that some members of the middle class find a way to manipulate such grants. In fact, 2011 could be another sort of record year for the Agriculture Department, as it may achieve an all-time high in subsidizing 47 million Americans on food stamps — nearly one-sixth of the country. …The multilayered Department of Agriculture has no real mission, much less a methodology other than to provide cash to congressional pet constituencies.
even if nobody
Butch was an enormous bulldog, and this alley was part of his turf.
6) Flo rida- Wild ones
You also start to notice the pairs on the subway, late on a “date night,” out together. Him, in his cardigan, bowtie and hat… her, in her cute dress, jacket and heels. Neither one overweight.
Two policemen gave evidence and, halfway through the second officer’s ‘statement’ being given in the witness box, the judge stopped the trial – he looked across at the policeman with a look to kill – and told the two CID persons to wait within the grounds of the Court and not to leave while somebody was sent to get their desk diaries from their base twenty odd miles away.
But only so an hour.
So imagine my elation at the grocery store the other night when my five-year-old kid said to me, "Mommy, I know what a verb is. It's an action word."
When David discovers that his province is ramping up growth in an extremely water intensive industry downstream of his beloved icefields, he is surprised he knows so little about this industry. This necessitates a journey: from icefields…to oilfields.
Here there is only the pleasure of simple things:
–FULLY EXPRESS & SHARE YOUR CREATIVITY, SEXINESS & BEAUTY!!!
All for nothing really.
my images transmute.
Maybe I shouldn’t publicly admit this, especially since I have a novel releasing in ten days and I wouldn’t want bookstores shunning me, but I recently went into a bookstore and caused a ruckus.
My garden is starting to really look like an actual garden. This weekend I finally got the tomatoes out of the cold frames and into their homes. I have a skyscraper of tomato cages and four rows of garden streets.
Somewhere in the distance I heard The Psycho theme song start playing, the lights started to flicker and all around me the fishes eyes started glowing. Struggling to breathe and overcome by the suffocating realization that my husband was morphing into a Tuna before my very eyes, I fell to the floor ...... OK OK that's a little too dramatic for this early in the day but HOLY COW can I tell you it seems that I do indeed live in a frigging shrine that not even John West would DARE to reject.
Orthodox Christians, having dedicated themselves to Christ and adhering to the ancient Orthodox Christian Faith, believe in one God the Father, who eternally shares His Divine Essence with His Son and His Holy Spirit, as professed in the earliest baptismal creeds. Just as God is a loving Communion of Persons, so also He created Man in His Image and sent His Son to establish the Church, that man may also become a loving communion of persons in Him. Thus the Second Person of the Trinity, from all eternity, willed to become Incarnate of the Virgin Mary, truly becoming human but truly retaining His Father’s God-nature which He had with the Father before time began. Since He kept His Father’s God-nature even when he became man, the Church has called the Virgin Mary the Theotokos, the maternal bearer and mother of God. For she gave Him flesh (through her “the Word was made flesh and dwelt among us”–John 1.14), and carried Him within her and then reared him, caring for his growing humanity and reverencing his eternal divinity. Though the entirety of the Church in one sense is collectively called “the saints,” yet also Scripture tells us that while still in this world we as individuals still “aspire to be saints,” and thus look toward those who have “finished the race” (2 Tim. 4.7) who are counted “worthy of double honor” (1 Tim. 5.17) who say with St. Paul, “imitate me as I imitate Christ” (1 Cor. 11.1; 4.16).
I was living with my brother at the time, and on a weekend once, we stood with one foot on the toilet lid each and watched as a little group of twelve year olds, their trousers round their knees, stopped to leave their aerosol contribution to the beautification of the concrete drain – the word “dick”.
This is perhaps the last scrap of evidence of the once mighty position Klein's department stores once held in the city. The local chain was founded by immigrant Sam Klein before World War I, in a small, second-floor space on Union Square. That location expanded greatly, and for many years, Klein's was famously associated with Union Square. It had a huge sign, two stories tall, that said, grandly, "S. Klein on The Square." The stores' stock and trade was discount good. Housewives knew you went to Klein's for bargains. The shop's logo was a carpenter's square, for some reason.
I am so excited that we are with the right doctors who are getting us to our end result!
The police don't operate according to campus norms or policies, they're not here to maintain the educational project of the university, and for this reason, I think, they don't belong on campus. We should say to the police, and with some courage this Board could say to the UC Police Department: “You can go.”
You can download the bucket filler poster,
“We call them dumb animals, and so they are, for they cannot tell us how they feel, but they do not suffer less because they have no words.”
Eventually mum went around and "'scuse me" squeezed in, scooped octo, saw that there was dragons behind and scooped that too.
I don’t know if you have ever heard of Fatima, Portugal. The story of FAtima is a very interesting story and certainly relates to this time in history so thought you might like to read it over the next few days. I will write what I have room for each day until finished.
Obama wrote another scene into his memoir to serve a dual purpose, exposing what he saw as a cultural gap with Genevieve. He described how his New York girlfriend finally persuaded him to go with her to the family’s country estate in Norfolk, in northwestern Connecticut, for a weekend.
What is wrong with the Conservatives today. When will they get a backbone and start actually remembering what Conservatism is all about? Or have they just become what their nickname describes them as ?
Spike Lee tweeted Zimmermans address.
And if it's a hit, I'm sure I can order more.
Deutsche Welle’s international training institute, DW-AKADEMIE, the training arm of the German international broadcaster, has once again partnered with Bush Radio to run two of its training programmes at the station.
fly high in the sky,
Only to become words that to myself I have sung,
So, it was a burning desire to see myself in heroic fantasy – and the realization that none of the writing on the market that I had access to was going to satisfy that desire – that I started writing Sword and Sorcery stories with a Black man or woman as the hero. Much of the plot I took from the Dungeons and Dragons campaigns I created, so the settings of the stories were still pretty much medieval European, with an occasional adventure in Asia, as my friends were all caught up in the Ninja craze of the 80s. This continued until I went to college and started a serious study of African history to complement my lifelong study of African martial arts.
On the way back we had to brake several times for tortoises and turtles walking in the track. Local lore has it that tortoises start walking when there is rain coming. We have learned to listen to this prediction and always pay attention - also when snakes start moving. Generally, we only see tortoises during the summer months when it rains.
Do you have anytime in your day just for you to sit and relax? Try it, it will make all the difference.
1. The Gospel tells us how bad we were. How much did Jesus suffer on the cross? His sufferings were infinite. Why did He suffer so much? Because He died in our place. What does this mean? It means our sin is infinite. ‘Sins’ can be counted—I lied once, stole twice, committed adultery three times. But ‘sin’, that native rejection of God, defies all calculation. The Gospel means we are thoroughly bad—not decent people in need of a hand, but sinners in need of a Savior!
Manhwa: This show is based on a comic book series, some of which I actually read in college. There's a meta moment when Shin tells Chaekyung she's like a character in a manhwa.
5. Family! Marriage! Woot!
You heard me.
Of course, some readers prefer science fiction to fairy tales. The vulnerable libraries of today’s era of budget cuts and library closings might inspire those users to create an entirely different story. I can see a stark society in which books no longer exist, human interaction is limited to the exchange of text messages, and only an elitist few access knowledge through small hand held devices that have rendered libraries obsolete in the eyes of those who can’t recall how personal interaction between trained staffers and their patrons formed the basis of what made public libraries so meaningful to society as a whole and to individual users as well. In such a bleak future, space travelers might marvel at how a planetary culture could break down into isolated subcultures in which the only means of acquiring or sharing knowledge is through typing on small mobile devices while books decay and become as obsolete as an 8 track tape! The libraries that once meant so much to Americans became empty relics after governments cut funding and citizens did nothing to protest the loss of precious resources.
8) From engineer to acclaimed writer. What skills from your old profession did you take along with you?
According to a Gainesville Police Department report, Cato left the scene and ran toward the nearby Walmart store, where he was found a few minutes later.
I really, really want to be an all-white decor-girl because I love the way it looks, but as hard as I try, color always sneaks in and messes with my vision. After adding color, I sanded them down a little for a more aged look.
What about Thursday's Response to Text homework?
And I don't want to be an astronaut,
Menehune Final (11 & Under, M/F)
“You can’t interrogate me without my mom or dad or an attorney present,” he said in a shaky voice.
( I was really stressing on maximizing the use of what I had and pretending that every bit was precious.)
“Good bye Filli.” I say aloud, “You were a good Son; you guided me to this destiny, whatever it is.”
Unfortunately, the images showed more than that. They showed that she has bilateral hip subluxation. I wasn't prepared for that since her therapist hasn't noticed it, and when I asked our neuro a while back if we needed to see an orthopedic Dr., he said not yet. I know with severe cerebral palsy, it is inevitable and she will at some point need hip surgery, but just not now. I'm talking with our Neurologist in the spacticity clinic to make sure he sees the latest x-ray and still feels the same way. I'm not ready to deal with bone and joint issues yet. Obviously, the Urologist was obligated to mention an orthopedic referral...but I'm not scheduling it until someone else tells me too!
Lastly, is Schlägel Doppel Bock, brewed by Stiftsbrauerei Schlägel in Austria, this is a full-bodied, refreshing and robust beer. The flavor is rich and malty, bready, a touch of caramel with the warming presence of alcohol on the palate. The hops are present on the finish providing a subtle bitterness to cut the sweet ever so slightly (8.3%).
The Letters of Junius were anonymous letters written in England attacking members of government including the King of England regarding all sorts of matters including immorality. All total there were 69 letters….29 were sent directly to the publisher of the Public Advertiser, a London newspaper, while 40 letters were sent to individuals…mainly government
There is still time for many of us to get their act together, the more goodness and light you possess the greater your chances of survival in the coming years. Pure evil and dross will be taken down. Remain vigilant, invest in yourself, and breve the breath of life to yourself and others.
Our nation has been successively wrecked, its people incrementally altered and any and all opposition, be it from the right or indeed the left, utterly thwarted, when I say the left, there are those that may throw up their hands in horror or indeed wonder at my thinking however for any student of politics, it comes as no shock at all to realise that the left and what masqueraded as it in the last government are completely differing entities, although extreme Marxism had a hand in the former government, finance had the greater, the primary section of the mainstream left changed utterly adopting facets of right of centre thinking, economically, and internationally . indeed the shift of the paradigm within the body of the left is not defined simply here at home but occurs with co-ideologists globally, one need only look to communist China or Cuba for example, quite simply the fringe left and indeed the fringe right have been left behind as a new political order came into being and the political narrative globally changed, perhaps forever. The fringe left within this country were never happy with Nu-Labour, never happy at all and indeed like the right, acrimony and inter-group conflict, both within the mainstream upon the periphery were and are notable. Today there are those within the leftist camp that will not shed a tear at the demise of Nu-Labour as indeed there are upon the right.
Aleksander
So, as part of my new year's eating plan, each day I must consume 1 pound of raw veggies, 1 pound of cooked veggies, 1 pound of fruit, and various nuts, grains and beans.
Finley Sinclair is not your typical eighteen-year-old. She’s witty, tough, and driven. With an upcoming interview at the Manhattan music conservatory, Finley needs to compose her audition piece. But her creativity disappeared with the death of her older brother, Will.
Fast forward three years or so and I understand. These are not just any old socks.
Step 1. Search for Creativity with EndNote using Pubmed, WorldCat, University catalogs, etc.
“Mom?” I could barely get the word out.
But the fact is that this doesn't just feel like a lager - it really does taste like one too. This is no reinvention of the style, it's just a skilfully pitched and elegantly assembled reworking of it. This is 'lager-plus', if you will. An essentially classic rendition - but with delicate additional twangs and zings that lift it out of the ordinary into the realms of something very special.
My wife has as remarkable a facility for stating the obvious as she does in turning ordinary words into mild vulgarities.
The Pink Scream by Dan Melchior und Das Menace
I once heard Bruce describe their first meeting on a windy, rainy Boardwalk night. He saw a giant black man approaching and discreetly stepped inside the doorway of a boarded up arcade. The figure stopped outside, looked in, reached out his hand and then:
Just because you might think the person acts in a way that you think they shouldn't, if they aren't actually doing something wrong- something that hurts someone, then stay the hell out of it. If you think it makes your god angry let your god worry about it. Until then, let them live their life how they want to, how they feel right and happy even if you think it is weird.
Just a quick post to thank everyone for the beautiful comments. If anyone has taken comfort or found understanding for a friend or loved one through my words, then I am so very happy for that is why I write.
1934 Science fiction writer H.G.Wells predicted there would be a world war before 1940.
This weekend featured Ise's annual St. Patrick's Day party, which happens every year in early March. It's part of a series of St. Patrick's Day events and parades around Japan. Ise's naturally, is pretty small, but it draws a decent crowd and this year that crowd included Ireland's ambassador to Japan, who made a speech and took part in the day's festivities.
Thankful for the prayers you offer up with trust and Great Expectation
Aubrie Cox
‘The Library of Congress said they are not collecting ‘private’ tweets, which might mean the direct message function,’ Payton explains. ‘But they are collecting all tweets, regardless of topic, and storing them forever.’”
Brett Cross / Owen Bullock; Moshé Liba; Stephen Oliver/ 112-13
It is a very presumptuous person who thinks you can live an effective Christian life without prayer. Prayer is our lifeline; prayer is our first language; prayer is our direct access. This is made clear in the Psalms—a magnificent book of prayers that teaches us so much about our language before our God. Enter with thanksgiving, bring him everything, love him, adore him, ask of him; this is the language of prayer. As you develop your life of prayer, you are developing your life of faith—and your life of worship.
I thought the music CD would be soft and lullaby-ish but it was actually playful and fun. The last 2 songs were calmer but it was fun to listen either way! You can listen to the samples of songs of the Shushybye CD on their homepage.
The origins of the Goldings hop varieties: The Prologue.
HD-- cd wave--nero smoothing-- flac(8)
*Hey y'all!!* Greeting from a relaxed Relakkuma! Has it been so long since the last post!? Not that I've been hibernating, I swear haha! Yuppi has not needed bento for a while and hubby has run to work with a simple onigiri lunch on his back. But they need bento today!
You will continue to see a rotating import and craft seasonal presence – hopefully more consistent in appearance.
i slept great after not sleeping but 4 hours the night before
Commentators have been quick to point out that Obama’s new motto seems to be borrowed from MSNBC’s ‘Lean Forward’ slogan.
NOTE: As I live, saith the Lord GOD, surely with a mighty hand, and with a stretched out arm, and with fury poured out, will I rule over you: And I will bring you out from the people, and will gather you out of the countries wherein ye are scattered, with a mighty hand, and with a stretched out arm, and with fury poured out.
Marlene finally looked at me and said, "yes", in a dismissive tone.
I Want To Love You (P.Y.T.)
I assumed I was having some sort of emotional empathic reaction to Mac's death. Later I was diagnosed with pericarditis.
The new legislation allows prosecutors to charge anyone who enters a building without permission or with the intent to disrupt a government function with a federal offense if Secret Service is on the scene, but the law stretches to include not just the president’s palatial Pennsylvania Avenue home. Under the law, any building or grounds where the president is visiting — even temporarily — is covered, as is any building or grounds “restricted in conjunction with an event designated as a special event of national significance.”
Heat up wok, add a little vegetable oil and sauté shallots until golden brown and crispy. Add in the spaghetti and stir fry for a short while. Put in the chilly sauce, tomato sauce, salt to taste, light soya sauce and dark soya sauce. Crack the egg and add in to the mee. Fry thoroughly under high heat. Put in the beans sprout. Fry for a short while. Garnish with cucumber slices and serve.
Whether it is correct and proper Latin I couldn't tell you. I've never taken a Latin class. I've read science fiction stories about Roman legions transported to alien worlds, though, so in some circles that would make me an expert on all things Latin-y. Those would be very small circles filled with people even more ignorant than me, but they are still circles.
Making all their hidden dreams
The bandwidth L2 intends to use sits right next to that used by GPS devices. GPS is an extremely weak signal. Preliminary tests showed that L2′s transmissions would cause “catastrophic interference,” affecting everyone from motorists, boaters, and farmers who now plow their fields using GPS, to — more alarmingly — aviation safety and the military, which relies heavily on GPS.
My image was printed and coloured using my Neenah Solar Crest card.
Wes: I see. Thank you for explaining dear friend. I would like to ask you about the blockage in energy I am feeling on this day? 11.11.11 seemed to come and go for me with no magnificent boost in energy, and as a result I am feeling this blockage. Would you care to explain?
Lizard's leg, and howlet's wing,--
And the ‘Not Rocket Science’ diet helped many volunteers shed more weight, with 37 per cent of those who cut down on fat more likely to lose a tenth of their body weight, while exercising boosted their chances by 36 per cent.
material:
So I decided to move away from my hometown of Burlington and make big big changes because I was bored of the sameness that I was feeling. I didn’t want to get stuck in a rut and years from now wonder what happened with my life. I changed everything. I sold my car, quit my job, left my family and friends and all of the comforts that got too comfortable.
Mellie slid uncontrollably after the walking stick. She planted her feet firmly, refusing to budge, but she slid after him anyway. Grasping at branches of nearby trees, she panted heavily as she struggled to resist following the branch. Some kind of invisible tie connected her to him. He seemed to pull her along with his every step.
- Shoulder presses (8-12)
But I was re-reading the False Teacher Profile post and something struck me that I hadn’t noticed before. Uber-commenter Bubba made the following observation about the pro-gay theology views of the false teacher in question (bold added):
5 – Take lots of photos
But a new documentary focuses on Taliban activities in Pakistan’s Swat Valley. The video focuses on the elimination of girls’ schools in Swat (a principal interviewed says the Taliban bombed 200 schools) and violence against Pakistani men deemed to be not sufficiently Muslim. An excerpt from this review also highlighted the imposition of the jizya against non-Muslim locals:
stuck on the computer or stuffed in a box!
Full Spectrum
“I first encountered her on the elevator,” Kraft wrote. “She talked nervously about high fashion…. She was a lost soul — but she managed to give the appearance of a little style, with a red blanket that she clutched as if her life depended on it.” Anderson regards Sounds of Fury as an artistic document full of external observations, but with an introspective eye.
Roberta and the costumes of Bernard Newman should surely be an inspiration for any artist and a thrill for any movie viewer. If he hasn’t seen it already, I hope Tim Gunn watches it too.
school, but we didn’t find any evidence of any sports so Maureen and I
Welcome to KMC! How is everyone doing? I'm doing great today. Just finish with my daughter's pre-op doctor appointments (two appt) and she will be seeing her Pedi for the finally clearance on Monday. Keeping my fingers crossing that my daughter will stay healthy until her surgery. She was sick last week when we were at Legoland for my son's early birthday trip.
Believe it or not, this ski mask is NOT a Halloween costume. And little Ronnie’s soul is NOT being crushed by the humiliation of having to wear it in public.
“Sure. Sounds like it will be a good idea, since you’ve got some, um, personal involvement?”
I’d to thank my sister, her fiance, and my cousin for an amazing adventure, Haggis Adventures for a BRILLIANT tour, ”The Moorings” in Fort Augustus for the awesome haggis and fish and chips, and of course my parents and nana for making it possible.
"What are the chances of my being approved?"
So with so much junk constantly attacking your senses you realize how everything around us is really not meant to make sure we’re healthy. At least not for me.
To me? That is astounding. Simply astounding.
Fuse the frit into a flat piece of glass. I placed the glass frit into the kiln in a pot and then let the glass melt down through the pot onto the bottom of the kiln (prepared with kiln wash, of course) until the glass was flat.
Raigan loves to watch Caliou.
Mushroom Soup - The Citadel Years brings together these break-through singles, their debut EP Love Will Grow, previously unreleased demos and alternative song versions all on one disc. This collection captures a great band at the peak of its powers.
When we have shuffled off this mortal coil,
and do it anytime here at home. I was so glad to find out that
Now, watch as I end up having something to talk about tomorrow. XD
Weeks pass. over a month. Unis often work on a monthly pay system - but no - nothing. So I queried again... and yes, it would be paid soon, it was in the pipeline.
Ok so there you have it. Appologies for any problems. once I have a working shopping cart of my own, I can change psotage to suit diffent countries, and then items will be available to everyone.
I'm just paying my rent every day
A quick fact check reveals that both California health officials and Snyderman have not been entirely honest with the people. The Centers for Disease Control’s published morbidity and mortality report shows that in the past 12 months, between July 24, 2009 and July 24, 2010, there were a total of 809 “provisional” cases of whooping cough reported in California.6 In fact, in the entire United States of America for the week ending July 24, there were only 187 reported cases of whooping cough, with no cases occurring in California.
But you can’t just jump right into this training, and this shouldn’t be the only training that you do on any given day. The training is meant to be done 3x per week, just like the C25K program. Before you begin, you have to do a push ups trial, to see where in the program to begin, since we’re all created differently.
The western and eastern parts of the world became noticeably distinct in this era, whilst western countries were embracing capitalism, Russia focused on socialism and more communist political values. Russia wanted to abandon the connection between Art and Design traditionally. Carried out ‘Laboratory work’ instead which was meant to look like sculptures, but was in fact experimentation of materials. Russian art wanted artistic experimentation and design rationality which was a thorn in the side of modernism. Stalin wanted realism back in the 20’s as he didn’t think people understood modernism due to cultural barriers between certain areas within Russia which had a vast change in living areas. Most areas were rural and a smaller minority (which were also much wealthier) were in urban areas. Socialist realism took over from modernism.
Me: "So...it doesn't look good."
One point I see is that there will be no more “Big Salaries” going to the top players of the sport. This will have an impact on what then individuals give their attention to in their life, where there would no more be a “money incentive” to pursue sports as a child, to dedicate oneself to a particular sport in consideration that this particular sport just also happens to come with a big pay cheque. You often here the players talk about their “Love for the Game” I wonder if this statement would hold true if there was no money involved. Also one must look at how These “Big Salaries” influence and shape society/culture from the perspective of how a child’s parents would push and “encourage” their child to become good a sports. Obviously this would not be if there was not the possibility to become really rich. Thus These “Big Salaries” catch and hold the attention of parents and children alike and thus act as an invisible guiding hand within the likes and dislikes of the individual shaping the overall attitude and expression of a particular culture and society.
The conventional wisdom has been that the six-term incumbent Lugar is a safer general-election bet than his opponent, state treasurer Richard Mourdock. But the primary has heretofore shown Lugar to be out of touch with Hoosiers, an institutionalized Capitol Hiller who for a spell was ruled ineligible to vote in his own primary after a local board determined he hadn’t owned a home in Indiana in three decades. Though a subsequent ruling allowed Lugar to claim a family farm as a residence, the die is cast. Lugar has become a carpetbagger in his own state.
Before I can even write what I intended to I'm already in tears. I shouldn't be writing you this letter you should be here in my arms snuggled against me right now. Alas, that is not what the cards held for me so instead I write to you.
Catelynn: "I didn't even do anything wrong."
That’s it. I'm trying to use this hot Snickers bar to remove this skidmark.
Context on the show: Marge is on trial for shoplifting and, as usual, the Simpsons hire wunder-lawyer Lionel Hutz, setting the stage for this classic exchange:
The second day of the Progressive Java Tutorials goes one louder, starting the day with Anirvan Chakraborty on Connecting to Neo4j using Spring Data — showing how to use Spring Data Neo4j to build a Spring-based web application based on the graph database Neo4j. Going head to head with Anirvan is Kito Mann of JSF Central on Full Stack Java EE. Kito makes the case for why it’s time to take another look at Java EE, provides an overview of the different parts of Java EE 6 and shows how you can quickly you can build a complete web application with ease.
Back to the camera and best friends part of the story.
accomplished women— people even a cynical teen would be in awe of—perhaps
My lips have not touched ice cream in 10 years. I love ice cream. It’s just that I might as well apply it directly to my stomach with a spatula and eliminate the digestive process. The other day, I stopped the car and bought a triple-Decker. If my car had hit an iceberg on the way home, I would have died happy.
Bouts of depression for no real reason.
"Harold & Kumar Go to White Castle" delivers intelligent messages and commentary wrapped within the lowest of lowbrow humor--such as a game of "Battleshits" and the aforementioned appearance by Neil Patrick Harris--without ever straying into the territory of being preachy. If you don't mind offcolour humour and satire taken to extreme levels of absurdity, you'll love this movie.
The first year that we were married was a hard one. We both came from broken homes and knew that divorce was the way out. Neither of us said it, but we both thought about it.
First up from Capcom, Dead Rising zombie massacre specialist Frank West and Darkstalkers’ adorable jiang-shi Hsien-Ko:
"One newspaper asked the head coach of the British Olympic women’s team to critique our performance. Obama, the coach said, “talked a lot.” David “overhits the ball.” Both of them -- I’m quoting here --“looked a little confused.”
another RRV...if I were a vampire i'd be having a feast... and it's lovely Fleur and her gentle blog... and amazingly for her, she had exactly 17 books!
frosty was a favorite.
With a quality of life recognition,
Those warm deep feelings I would get, when you first sat close to me, would last forever
Although it hurt a little to dig into that long preserved stash and adhere them to the canvas (using Mod Podge if you're curious to the method) I calm myself with the knowledge that in a way, I'm still hoarding them, only this time instead of being buried in a place only I can enjoy them, the adorable playing cards are proudly displayed on the wall, in a room that deserves some really cute things. Baby Mosher will make its appearance in August and while I always told myself I was not going to be one of those Mother's who had to have the nursery decorated before baby arrived, I don't quite seem to be fitting into the mold I made for myself. This isn't the first project that I've made that is now adorning the walls of the room, but I'm leaving those projects for another post.
In cases where a Forensic Ballistic Specialist was, for whatever reason, not able to be present on the scene while it was still fresh, the specialist will rely on post-mortem reports, as well as photographs and plans of the scene prepared by other police staff. The examination of x-rays, especially with shotgun wounds (Afr: haelgeweer wonde) are sometimes also used to obtain a three-dimensional perspective.
Cuddling does not require all your attention, your mind can be busy while your cuddling, thinking about your favorite things. If you’re feeling a little bit more lively you can mix up the extended classic with a rub or squeeze and a little tickle.
Rev. Patrick Wall was P.P. during the last quarter of the century; he lies interred at Arles, in the same grave with his brother, the Rev. James Wall, who died on the 27th of April, 1771, aged 49. The Right Rev. Francis Haly, Bishop of Kildare and Leighlin, and himself, a native of the parish of Doonane, was nephew to these priests. On the death of Fr. Wall. On the death of Fr. Wall, in 1815, Rev. Thomas Tyrrell was appointed; he was translated to Tinryland in 1823.
Bra: Sports Bra-Pink *Boom*
“Too unpredictable,” I answered. “When they’re in a mean mood they strip tourists naked and chase them out of the jungle. What makes you think our guests want to kiss animals anyway? That sort of thing is for sentimental types who think the natural world is like a big hippy commune. We don’t get hippies in the Congo.”
It has been a very happy place here on blogger with this happy award going around!! And guess what? It came around to my little blog space :) Big, shiny thanks to Bethany Mattingly (who also passed along the circle of friends award), Frankie, Tiana Lei, Karen Denise , Kelly, and Kristi for passing along this award to me.
Notes: Deadpan delivery is key. Actually selling your soul often helps with this.
What can i say something new about this unique band, when all is said and done? Computers are crazy these days, you can find info everywhere..... But I just couldn't help but mention about The Promise Ring.
Disease of the Lining
Roasted Garlic Lentil Hummus
While the riots now spreading across London started in many cases along racial lines, most of the looting has fanned out into a flash response from the underclass to lash out against business and snatch-and-grab consumerist goods. At the same time, UK reporter Patrick Henningson was among those who witnessed the brutal violence being carried out on the streets. While he was barricaded inside a local pub, he saw racial beatings carried out by groups of what he described as Afro-Caribbean black youths targeting whites. Meanwhile, the authorities in London are preparing to implement a martial law crackdown on the riots, putting in place greater restrictions on liberties as a preplanned "response."
Koyaanisqatsi is the first entry in the Qatsi trilogy, a collaboration between director Godfrey Reggio, cinematographer Ron Fricke, and composer Philip Glass. It operates as a unique kind of documentary, a pure cinematic experience whose message is delivered solely through images and music. Through a series of expertly devised thematic sequences, the film examines the effects which we humans have had on our environment—in particular, the technological advances that have disrupted our natural habitat to the point of our dissociation from it. In Reggio's view, humanity is a throbbing mass of neuroses, a species caught between the extremes of frenzy and melancholia. His diagnosis is grim, but his solution is clear: In order for the human race to survive, we need to slow down, cheer up, and quit digging precious things from the land.
6. Washes the dishes when I cook
Isnt it time to take our country back?
* The soil stays moist. I only had to water the tomatoes every 1-2 weeks. As long as I water deep enough the water will slowly move up the sandy soil as needed. I was amazed at how well this worked and the surface never developed a hard crust as the uncovered soil did.
He rolled his eyes. “Did you get caught by an anti-abortion protester?”
moaning woefully.
1 prepare
Fabrics by Riley Blake, My Minds Eye/ Summer Song
Sitting On The Sidelines - 5
“I wouldn’t take one thousand florins for not having seen Rome because I wouldn’t have been able to believe such things if I had been told by somebody without having seen them for myself. We were simply laughed at because we were such pious monks. A Christian was taken to be nothing but a fool. I know priests who said six or seven masses while I said only one. They took money for them and I didn’t. In short, there’s no disgrace in Italy except to be poor. Murder and theft are still punished a little, for they must do this. Otherwise no sin is too great for them.”
I have everything from something that looks kind of like a flying ostrich with fangs, to a riding steed that looks like a cross between a wrinkly llama and a hairless goat (though it’s about the size of a horse), to blood-sucking rodents.
You can walk at night, in the daytime, with one baby screaming or two. You can walk with whinging toddlers, children who never, ever seem to shut up, or children with issues with their co-ordination. I didn't say you would enjoy every walk. But at least you're out there.
can you call a payphone
What a wonderful anthology full of Sylvias experiences with her guide Francine, and about her life. In “Accepting the Psychic Torch” she focuses on her special relationship with her beloved psychic grandmother, Ada Coil.
SONG
Tommy said that Abyss will get his for what he did to Rob one day. As for AJ, this is the house that Styles built, but for what he did last week, now they have problems. So tonight, the two of them will take it to the extreme.
EWMD Asia Pacific Networking Event on 20 February 2012
Like I said, this week I really tried not to think too many VIOLENT PSYCHOTIC EVIL thoughts. Actually I was so busy this week I more or less forgot to anyway – but not quite!
A final year student in Mechanical Engineering at the National University of Singapore, Sun sparked a massive outcry among Singaporeans with his offensive remarks on there “being more dogs than humans in Singapore.” on his microblog ‘Weibo’ last Saturday.
Other than that, we went out to walk for democracy and against Nazis today - something you can´t do often enough over here. Ronja, my experienced partner for demonstrations, especially liked it.
...except there's a number one to introduce. "Do you know what it is?" "Yes." Pause. "What is it?" "It's a song by Abba." "What's it called?" "I haven't a clue". As I say, this was the last Top Of The Pops Diddy ever did, and probably the last Nesmith ever did come to that. Off into the glaring in the snow, Elvis' Moody Blue plays us out, and in between the two Diddy waves us goodbye with a bellowed "BYE-BYE!" And don't forget to pull the tab out.
Shortly after my last post, I was injured. Not hurt, you can play through hurt – rather, injured. I had a severe muscle rupture along the left side of my torso. You knowm the muscles that flex when you twist, loft your arms or do anything relating to most fitness?
Anyway, I decided I might do some occasional posts (I’m not promising anything too serious) on each of these books as I work my way through them. I literally only started this morning, but already I find myself wanting to share part of the first chapter of Buchanan’s book.
Farm to Market-S. Congress
In the Cupola room, there were three mannequin's torsos suspended from the ceiling with sculptural elements that looked like steel crinoline hoops and metal time pieces. I'd hazard a guess that some people walked into this room and didn't even look up to the ceiling to see these extraordinary works by Boudica and William Tempest.
All the pain and sorrow melts putting me at ease…
I hope you enjoyed your visit to my world.
though everything I write
Romney: I would not go to the moon
for more from sUrpRiSe deLiGht jOy, visit
Lucky for me, that never happens.
Kade: No, Kai's an alien.
Living with SPD requires love, patience, encouragement, and a therapy plan in order to be successful. There isn't a day that goes by that I don't look at my daughter and wonder what her adult life will be like. Will she be able to function in society without assistance? Will others take advantage of her disabilities? Being diagnosed with Sensory Perception Disorder doesn't mean that you can't lead a normal and successful life. What it does mean is that you process things differently than others without this disorder. Prognosis depends greatly on early intervention and when older, being able to identify your triggers of stress and knowing what therapy works best for you to comfort that stress thus reducing symptoms. If you have the support of your family and friends, and continue utilizing therapy, SPD can be managed effectively throughout your life.
Kelli and I pretty much hated this process. It was SO hard. I don't know why... I spent many hours in college cutting with xacto knives, but for some reason... this project about killed us. We decided to only cut out the shapes that were absolutely necessary-- and that I would draw the remainder of the pieces freehand.
Rip tissue paper into small pieces.
God’s power to offer both healing and wholeness is witnessed through the stories of two lepers – Naaman in the Old Testament and the unnamed man in Mark’s gospel. Both are compelling stories that provide further lessons.
Ignace D’Hert, Dominican and instructor theology at the Higher Institute for Religious Science in Antwerp; Marc Van Tent oblate and former instructor theology at the Centre for Ecclesiastic Studies in Louvain and the Higher Institute for Religious Science in Ganshoren; Eddy Van Waelderen, priest of the diocese Antwerp and many years active as theologian on the Theological and Pastoral Centre in Antwerp, were some of the first theologians that signed the manifesto “Believers take the word” . When these Catholic theologians may not bring in a contribution the mental world of the Catholicism in Flanders, may wonder one self who may well do. Were orthodoxy is for them remaining to seek in fidelity to new sense coming from the Jesus-happening lighting up in the variable circumstances of life. According to me that holds not in that they reject therefore that Catholic Belief.
check out a free report and video
A package! Hooray, I got a package! But what was it, I wondered.....
So I laugh with all my heart, cry with all my heart, succeed with all my heart, fail with all my heart, live and love with all my heart. And I always, always try with all my heart.
Fly From Here
But, the question is raised: how do these great humanitarian powers that be treat their own people? Well, as with previous demonstrations as is now with the present and growing demonstrations, one needs to only watch the video of what happens when the American serfs, be they of the left or the right or just trodden down people with no homes, jobs, or hope, rise up and question the Masonic authorities over them.
It is with great interest that I read your essay on the Euro crisis in BILD magazine. And although I am not entirely in agreement with you, I thank you for this essay.
Finding Makeup Schools
Dustin Jacoby vs. Clifford Starks
“Oh! Careful! Don’t give me too big a hug, I will feel like the gifts that I actually bought for you with actual money that I earned weren't expensive enough!”
Then we have our buddy Beau. He has gone through a great deal this past year. His mum died and he moved into a new home with Rose and company. But now he may have cancer, so we need to rev up our purrs for Beau.
Join us to learn the art of chicken harvesting at the beautiful La Biondo Farm and Kitchen on Vashon Island. We will spend the morning processing 25 birds and then relax with a lunch prepared by our host farmer/chef, Karen Biondo, including liver pate and fresh hearts from our day’s labour. We welcome you to bring a few birds of your own if you’d like to
And then you have a large heavy stick and give that to a group of blindfolded children... once you have spun them around a few times... and stepped well back...
(Just remembered: this isn't my first indoor night sky project: when my sis and I had to repaint the corridor between our bedrooms, we painted a silhouette landscape and used glow-in-the-dark paint to illuminate the sky with stars. We used real constellations as templates so you can find e.g. Orion and the Big Dipper on the ceiling and walls, but not in the right place in corelation to one another.)
Jessica Spotswood
Teaching yourself how to get to a better place,
I thought about how to accurately portray that feeling, and the ideas that I discarded ranged from mildly amusing to completely outrageous. It's weird, because we're not really supposed to be thinking about lust and desire and pleasure, and certainly not expressing them in pictures. (At least not outside of the safe confines of the home.) There's a bit of a "don't go there" surrounding the notion of pleasure, and it's no wonder, I mean, as far sins go, lust made it into the top seven, after all.
When touring various condominium buildings compare the conditions of the common areas. If both Building A and Building B are approaching 10 years in age, one can usually make comparable observations when visiting both. If the Board responsible for Building A has successfully maintained, preserved and enhanced their property, it will probably appear and “feel” more positive than Building B where the Board has not.
Uhm, no. Hell no. As a matter of fact, there is an entirely “new” mode of parenting which says that kids become stronger and smarter with far less parental supervision, and that strangers are usually 99.9999999% well-intentioned. It’s called the “Free Range” movement, and was basically started by Lenore Skenazy when she let her 9 year old ride the New York City subway home on his own.
For me, I know activity is the best medication. And I think it could have saved my mother. I too struggle with depression and social anxiety. But getting out, being with people. moving my body, eating healthy food, and creating new experiences and memories is my salvation. New experiences make my brain sing and gives me things to write about. Writing fuels my self esteem and provides an outlet for emotional satisfaction. Exercise provides immediate lift through all the fun sciencey biology things someone else can explain to you.
The journal doesn’t pay for submissions and it isn’t a competition, but it is fairly prestigious and previous editions contain some really impressive work.
Um, darling...who the fuck is Bill Maher?
Chop the tomoto into small pieces.
And you know what - British English sounds so much nicer (for the most part). So I like it. But then there are the parts I don't like: 'Toilet' instead of 'bathroom' or restroom' (that's the prudish American in me) for example.
6. Ginger-garlic paste, 1 teaspoon. (optional).
Hodgkinson testified that Harris drank between 2.1 gallons and 2.6 gallons of Coke every day.
Becoming a father has definitely made me feel older, but that’s more a function of parenthood than age. I still don’t feel the sociocultural gravitas I thought I’d feel at 42. I have a family and an accidental career in civil service, but I haven’t put away childish things and have no intention of doing it voluntarily.
Soft Cell - Martin
Children and families cared for by the Rayleigh-based hospice, which is part of Havens Hospices, are over the moon with their new high performance 52” LED flat screen TV and home cinema system and surround sound with access to Sky, Blu-Ray’s, DVD’s and also to gaming consoles.
One has to wonder who paid these so-called highly respectable scientists again this time, to pull this fast one on the public.
This movie is based on a true story. So then the plot holes and random changes in character motivations are all true as well. It has to be, cause I was told so. You know I’m beginning to feel really sorry for Jason Statham as this is the third movie I’ve seen of his this year, and the third one I’ve just really hated. There is no point in Robert De Niro being in this movie, other than him getting a pay check, Statham is playing the same guy he plays all the bloody time, and Clive Owen’s character is all over the place. At one point he screams at his men not to kill Statham, and then he follows that off by setting off an explosion near him, cause we all know explosions don’t kill people. Killer Elite wants to be taken seriously, but it adds drama and characters that are just there to move the plot along, nothing seems natural. I hope Statham can find a project that elevates him in the action ranks, but he keeps on making crappy decisions. Only watch this if you are a Statham fan and happen to run across it on television.
The first Special Topics Webinar presented by Emily will be held on April 14th at 10:00 am, and will cover OWCN Protocol Updates. If you are interested in viewing this webinar, please contact your member organization for information on how to register. Topics to look for later this year, include Hazing Techniques and Applied Avian Anatomy & Physiology.
Why Inevitable? For those in school and with 9-5 type jobs, Monday is that inevitable and oft dreaded start of the week. No matter how awesome the weekend was, it is inevitable that when it is over they must get back to the daily grind and wake up bright and early Monday morning.
You’ve heard this statement before. People say it in movies after the bad guy’s been killed or someone finally confronts the high school bully later in life. Usually it’s heard after something happens. With me, now, I do feel like a weight’s been lifted, but nothing happened. Could the melodramatic aspects of entertainment that paint my everyday experiences lied to me? It’s a fact that I’ve recently been feeling a lot better about almost everything in my life. In a way, it’s like heaping a pile of great onto an already gargantuan pile of good. My life is good with very little to complain about and it seems only to be getting better.
91. Lay is the 6th member revealed by SM.
FG: To be perfectly honest, I new some from my early school years but not a lot of details. So I started reading, and I mean reading, everything I could get my hands on about the war and the people who fought in it. However, it was nothing like what I learned actually shooting the film. Here I am, in my first big film, playing a General, leading a cavalry charge with swords drawn. It was a childhood fantasy come true and the greatest history lesson all wrapped up in one. Again, I feel very blessed.
Just yesterday I tasted this lovely Viognier as well:
Needless to say, the two sequels were not written.
So, if I have seemed a little unresponsive of late in replying to comments and if my rate of posting has slowed recently, this is the reason why.
I don't smoke anymore and I have been working a desk job for two years. I eat like a Farm Hand. I have gained about 40 pounds.
But whatever noise I make, I don't make it as easily as many people. As a seasoned insomniac, I see the ability to sleep easily as a luxury which is out of reach for me. I envy those who can drop off anywhere; the power nappers, the dozers, people who can sleep in buses or trains (I have never understood how the latter don't regularly get carried past their desinations). They (you?) are the lucky ones.
For the borrowings I racked up that I promised you I'd pay
The book of Kells as well as Lindisfarne are an Evangeliary, or Gospel Book. This is the book where the gospel is read from at mass. It’s cover has the four evangelical symbols for Matthew, Mark, Luke and John, and is usually made of gold, though both books lost their covers during Viking raids, taking the gold and leaving the real treasure. Both were written in Latin, which was the language of the people, and there is a translation of the Lindisfarne that has Old English which comes from the 10th century.
It broke the coach’s heart to erase the only home run of Sara’s career, but she was clearly unable to tag the bases on her own.
Omega-3 and Prostate Cancer
When Matt Huston and I discussed Green Paper he said they were like “Animal Collective the rock band,” and I totally agree. The live show is spacey and fuzzy, but won’t hesitate to melt your face with a three-ponged guitar attack and angry spine snapping drum beats. “April 27, 2004″ won’t make you paralyzed as much as it will leave you mesmerized. The song comes from Green Paper’s Bookends EP. Currently, this five-piece is working on its full-length debut Fire, so look for it, but enjoy this cut in the meantime.
Saturday - work
Sentiment & Market Tops
This is a brief, yet excellent video presentation of the blatant, infuriating hypocrisy that exists with our Democrats and their lapdog, the media.
The ANC, which relies on the 2 million members of top labour federation COSATU as a source of votes, has put off plans denounced by unions, but backed by economists to reduce youth unemployment by allowing firms to hire youths at cut-rate wages and train them up.
Deep down we’re a lot like you. Except we live a lot longer. And we’re faster (in all sorts of ways). And for some weird evolutionary reason you can’t do the telepathy thing.
reality doesn’t state as a mind chart
Change C6 to 47uf Nichion electrolytic audio cap
The blue sail boat was intended to be the lining for a blue hat for Luca. But it was a little too small, and actually looked quite ridiculous, so Julia was only too happy to claim it.
no drivin
Art Direction: Hugo
Too Much Tenderness - Koushik
There are variety of interpretations available on the internet from different perspectives, ranging from spirituality to technical computer stuff, but in one way or the other most of them tend to explain the same ideology in different words. We will look at some of the important aspects of this movie.
‘How’s young Johnny?’ she asks her.
“Wherefore God also gave them up to uncleanness through the lusts of their own hearts.”
A perfect setting, then, for a weekend of jive and swing music, the dancers all immaculately dressed in their period outfits. And boy can they dance. The Gents are old hands at this kind of thing (see also Hep Cats Holiday) and it’s amazing to watch those crazy kids go. Playing double bass can be warm work, but it’s a breeze compared to what’s happening down on the dancefloor. I kid you not, we saw blood – a big trail of it across the floor – as we were setting up the gear. Although I suppose that could have been an example of local lass Tracey Emin’s installation art...
I am a very soft hearted person towards animals, yes, even insects, spiders and bugs. I do not allow the killing of anything in my home, even spiders (they get 'escorted' out the door via a cup limo). So usually I would not wage a bloody battle against any insect in my home. In fact I've had spiders take up residence in my shower, they seem to enjoy the humidity and keep the mosquito's off us in the summer (or maybe that's not it at all, maybe they like the 'view'? LOL). I also enjoy watching cute Jumping Spiders hunt while in my house, they are my very favorite spider!
Inserting fruit up his arse …
It was clear to me after spending more than five hours on the streets last Saturday that those who walked were absolutely peace-loving, and opposed to any physical action, let alone violence. Bersih is a genuine people’s movement, a bottom-up manifestation which has struck a chord among millions of Malaysians. The government’s demonisation of Ambiga Sreenevasan unjustifiably personalises a movement which cannot be stopped, regardless of the wishes of its leaders. Bersih has a dynamic life of its own. Thus, if a referendum is held in Malaysia today on the single question: “whether the voter supports Bersih’s campaign for free and fair elections”, an overwhelming majority of Malaysians would say yes.
1 tbsp. cocoa powder
To avoid any lines in your photographs, use a large piece of paper for your backdrop, I love to have a white background so I am using a piece of A3 white card, but you can use any color you like. You can also use fabric if you prefer.
The Motorcycle for those who still need the big power on this island where the maximum speed limit is 35 mph. They are very eye catching and always have an appeal to many people. Whether it's a Harley chopper or a "crotch rocket" Japanese bike, they are very appealing to many observers on the street. Duval Street is the primary place to see or be seen on your classy motorcycle, it offers a place where everyone interested can get together for good conversation about their favorite subject.
Anyway, Brenda decided to save Natalie for the urban legend about a person waking up in a tub of ice with their kidney missing. She grabs a scalpel, explains the legend to Natalie, and cackles with glee.
she is a cuddler
a psychological starting point is a repeated take on the same position of judgement – already occured & hidden afterwards/stupid
Once upon a time...before we went away on holidays, about mid-October, we went to the library. I spotted a book, obviously put on display in the lead-up to Halloween. It was Zombie Felties. I'm not sure what possessed me to get it out on loan, but something about them looked appealing, in a quirky kind of way.
It's the first of the month again which means another new challenge over at St Luke's Charity Card Challenge and this month we'd like you to fly with us! You can make any style of card you like, you just have to include something that flies on it - a bird, a plane, a fairy or in my case and angel....
Tempering :Add 1 Tbsp. of oil and then add 2 Slit Green Chilies ,1 tsp. of Ginger garlic paste ,Tsp. of Coriander Powder,1/2 Tsp. of red chilly Powder,salt and Sprinkle some water at this point of time and add fried mushrooms and then with this mushrooms will coat with each other with all the dry ingredients
You gave all you had. Why you wanna give more?
I have been searching for direction. Answers. I ask. I seek. I ask again. Only to find…peace. Peace that God has a plan. Always has. Always will. The people and situations he has placed in my life are no accident. And your reading this blog is no accident either.
My class has been taking quizzes on the reading as well as doing comprehension questions and character charts. I pass the quizzes easily, because your writing is deep and memorable. Everything about it is exhiliarating and flowing. The questions are easy because when I need evidence I want to go back and reread and take in everything I missed. The character chart was the hardest piece of work to do because everything you need is spread out throughout the reading.
Not to mention the PTPTN loans, where our government has been excessively generous by offering full loans at a mere one per cent interest rate. (If this is what you call loan shark, I would love to take a loan from you).
Yet still not enough information is shared about these methods and with cost as intimidating as it is, women are frequently encouraged by their physicians to just use the Pill as they always have and only five to six per cent have explored beyond this advice.
The lives of these folks over three decades or so provide the forward movement for this novel as Ullis returns from time to time to catch up on their devolving lives.
Saute onions, tomato, garlic, mushrooms in a little olive oil spray in a skillet. Add tomato paste and cook a little longer.
* You should decide to blend the laser light cure with behavioral treatment. Undergoing a laser treatment only will not present you with great results in many cases.
My perspective, from the booth we were given (we do a trade deal with Popkomm, which represents at the SXSW trade fair), may have been skewed. We were almost in the corner of the hall, not terribly visible, between a royalty-collection service and an only-in-Germany merchandise provider called Deaf and Dumb, who were giving away t-shirts featuring a huge, well, it was hard to tell what it was, which wasn't a great advertisement for their printer. It appeared to be a star with wings, and I guess that's what it was. Once their freebie t-shirts ran out, so did their visitors. I wonder if they are even minimally aware of how bad the name of their company is: not only is it offensive to handicapped people (having had a father with tympanic sclerosis, I'm maybe a bit sensitive to all issues around hearing-loss), but giving a company a name which implies it can't hear you and is stupid to boot can't bring in many English-language-savvy customers. We were directly across from Music Catalonia!, whose impressive booth featured a mirrored wall with the group's logo on it, and it was a gas watching people coming into the hall stop to check that their image was right before walking on.
What I'd really like is to have several months of free time to just travel, with no worries about money or time commitments. If I had that kind of time, I'd go to Europe -- Spain, France, Italy, Germany, Belgium... I'd stay in hostels and walk or take public transportation everywhere. I would keep an actual paper journal and write in it every day. Maybe I'd write a book and become famous like Eat Pray Love. Haha. I'd probably do some blogging too. And I would take a lot of pictures.
"What are you on about Kelly?"
4.Bone wax(Horsely’s) consisting of bees wax 7 parts by weight,olive oil 2 parts and phenol 1 part is packed in to the surgical wound.This helps in controlling the haemorrhage
Missing context
James will also work with our Chairman Peter Mullins and others to develop and train the party’s public speaker list for local groups to request as speakers at party meetings.
Turn off the heat, add lime juice and garnish with coriander leaves. Test for saltiness and sourness. You should get the earthy flavour of galangal, noticeable amount of saltiness, sweetness from the coconut milk, and a fair bit of lime flavour, with a hint of chilli in the background. If required, adjust with more fish sauce (salt) and lemon juice (sour).
Brewed another batch of the coffee imperial porter. When I find out more about the event it was created for, I'll try to fill you in on the details. I'm strictly working through my "agent" at this point and didn't think to ask him more about it while we were brewing this afternoon. We were too busy watching for boil-over and talking about how awesome it smelled. And stuffing our faces with pizza and wings. Yay health foods!
Has he actually asked them?
Vocations are increasing in number every year, thank God, and thanks to your good prayers, and now is the time for you to demand bravery in the priesthood. Because nothing less than that will bring Christ’s Church through the hard times to come.
I wasn’t rejecting the faith, I didn’t set myself up as an enemy of God to oppose him, nor did I harbor any ill feelings towards the Church. I just decided to take a few years to myself; away from the ministry, away the politics, away from it all. I decided to let God speak for himself, when I needed him to do so the most.
Mateja Marinkovic (Violin)
We've hired someone to thin out our forests a little and open it up giving us more light, and lots of that wood was bucked up, split and awaiting stacking in the shed by the kiln. Thank goodness there were lots of people there...but even so, the unloading, stacking and clean up took us 6 hours. By that time, we were just tired out.
On the jar of peanuts I used some left over paper to make a label that says "Happy Father's Day from your nutty kids. (On my Dad's I wrote, from your nutty grandkids)
Thus far we can count Intermediate waves A and potentially B, of a three wave ABC correction, completed. Intermediate wave A ended at SPX 1357, and B appears to have ended at SPX 1393. Intermediate wave C can have one of two fibonacci relationships to Int. wave A. At SPX 1353 Int. C = 0.618 A, and at SPX 1328 Int. C = Int. A. While the SPX 1353 level would be sufficient to form an ABC flat. It would not be sufficient to confirm a downtrend so we’ll put that aside for now. The SPX 1328 level would form an ABC zigzag and fall nicely within the various parameters we have been observing for this correction.
This doesn’t make my life any less stormy or reduce what I have to work on, but I’m going to stop whining for now – in a sad sort of way.
09 - Sedative Distortion
Apple’s Response
The Judao-Christian worldview vs Islamic worldview:
Pretoria, the executive (administrative) and de facto national capital of South Africa, was founded in 1855 by Marthinus Pretorius, a leader of the Voortrekkers, who named it after his father Andries Pretorius. It became the capital of the South African Republic (ZAR) on 1 May 1860. About 130 years later, starting in the early 1990’s, the city became progressively multiethnic and more blacker by the day. Long before that time the area bordering Marabastad (aka Asiatic Bazaar), which included streets such as, Boom, Bloed, Struben and Schubart streets had already collapsed into a state of decay. Today the area resembles a typical African slum. See a previous posting: The Chaos at Schubart Park - Pretoria.
your tongue on my lips
Today he's already asked for "book push!" So I introduced him to one of my favorites, Corduroy. He loved it. I can already tell we will be using this site a lot!
03 - This Night
They have described their disarmingly minimalist music quite accurately as "dreamy electronic lo-fi keyboard pop".
It was against this backdrop that Hadrian ordered the construction of the wall in AD 122. Much of the wall has been destroyed over the centuries by subsequent military conflicts, vandalism, scavenging, and weather. What remains, however, is magnificent, which is why UNESCO, in 1987, added the wall to its list of World Heritage Sites, placing the wall in the company of Petra, Angkor Wat, Machu Picchu, the Taj Mahal, and the Great Wall of China. Moreover, as indicated above, a walking path parallel to the wall was formally established and made part of the UK's national trail network in 2003.
I do a lot of Griffith-bashing here and elsewhere — last semester, a student volunteered that he was glad to be able to avoid BIRTH OF A NATION after hearing me describe it in class. I felt slightly bad, because I rather feel the film should be seen, as an object lesson in the importance of questioning the beliefs you’re raised in. There’s its importance in film history too, but students can’t see everything, ours is essentially a practical course, and there are other movies from which film technique can be gleaned more enjoyably.
1 objection
The cops, responding to an emergency call about armed robbers in the couple's house in Meyersdal, Alberton, opened fire on the vehicle in which the husband and wife were travelling. The couple, who are in their 40s, were in the intensive care unit of Alberton's Union Hospital last night.
For some of my other posts on this topic see:
It seems as if April has been one long April Fools joke. I know I shouldn’t complain because I live in Spain, but I’m going to.
God loves the drunkards cry,
I understand the grief and feelings of the Alliance for Austria's Future, Deputy leader Stefan Petzner when he said on hearing the news of his comrades death;
With political and social photographs, as are most of the images of Zhang Dali’s exhibition, the results of alterations can been even more powerful, powerful to the point of allowing a government the support of its people because belief in images outweigh any suspicions that bring doubt. Not only do people want and desire the presented image, the nature of the image itself props this belief up. As Susan Sontag deftly pointed out in her last book Regarding the Pain of Others, the pervasive social truth of the civil war, how the battles actually “looked,” come from Andrew Gardener’s famous photographs of mangled bodies piled high and gruesome scenes of concentrated horror. However, Gardener arranged these scenes according to the conventions of not only photography, but the rules of painting composition. We get a scene, but a scene that looks exactly the way it is supposed to. The power of these false, constructed images will always trump our knowledge of their creation.
Happy Monday everyone - hope your week has got off to a good start and that you're not suffering too much from Monday morning blues. Obviously, I'm full of beans because I'm having a day off, although I have to say that I'm enjoying going to work again these days.
I will try to post some of the things that I have been doing around here.
He then went on to discuss how indigenous peoples all over the world had the right to resist colonisation.
23. In the film The Invisible Man, the director dressed Claude Rains in black velvet and filmed him against a black velvet background to create the effect that he wasn’t there.
Things like this really make my day.
Her and Ava had a fun weekend playing, though they had some disagreements as well. Kiera kept telling Ava she was her Best Friend, so sweet.
All the diecut pieces of paper were cut using Tim Holtz On the Edge dies by Sizzix. The dies were; File Tabs, Ornate, and Brackets. I cut them out of patterned paper and cardstock and then layered them, just showing a little bit of each paper. When I'm layering different patterned papers, I find that placing just a small bit of solid in between (you don't need much) separates the patterns and they don't look so busy, plus the patterns stand out on their own.
I may not be Clint Eastwood or Morgan Freeman, and I'm certainly not going to be smelling any farts or have a rabbit on my head anytime soon...but I will keep my tempo and beat to the rhythm of this city as I remain ...
The other item I have to showcase here is from the Eudora Magnetic Eyes – Sombra Mono Baked collection in shade: Luxury Green. ”This product is designed with a unique process that promotes maximum intensity and color fidelity. Its special pigments provide ultra pigmented colors and easy application. It can be used dry for a smoky effect or wet for even more striking colors.”
Without going into gritty details, suffice it to say that my husband laid out onto me some basic knowledge that actually hit me where it made sense, and that I took to heart since the words escaped (angrily, might I add) from his lips.
After they were done eating they each picked up their bottles of beer, five for Philip and three for Thomas, and left the Southampton Brewery.
But it's the beer that you're interested in, right? Looking back over my notes (as far as I can make out - they're a bit scrawly), I seem to have been using a marking scheme which I can no longer understand. So I'll reduce it all to a simple score out of 10 (there may be some half marks), and any sense I can distil from the ramblings - and then we can try to figure out what it says about me:
When Vince had a student who wasn't making gains, he would put them on a diet of raw vegetables for 5 to 7 days… no protein or supplements whatsoever.
Ships that pass in the dead of night,
US GSM cell phones SIM locked? One of the ventimiglia italy hotels is legendary for its seafood, Milan for its seafood, Milan for its favorable climate throughout the Italian Peninsular became prey to foreign invasion from many quarters and as you reach Italy. For instance, if you had rented Italy cell phone to book your seats at the ventimiglia italy hotels an area where Nero's enormous palace existed. This large amphitheatre was built at the ventimiglia italy hotels and for the ventimiglia italy hotels towards the ventimiglia italy hotels of nicely situated real estate investors to rush towards Italy property. Property Italy in this particular buying spree. Indeed, particularly people from other nations are making the ventimiglia italy hotels, which were once as high as 50% of the ventimiglia italy hotels, Italy has it all - mystery, intrigue, religion, beauty and picturesque country side of Tuscany. However the region offers good value property Italy are as varied as its twenty regions. From snowcapped mountains to sweeping, white sand beaches, the ventimiglia italy hotels of the ventimiglia italy hotels in Venice for a honeymoon to remember.
22. Two Pina Coladas -- Garth Brooks
The start of her trial was delayed this week when her lawyer appealed against the decision to hold a closed trial.
‘Give up some more.
Not only did I discover links to my pieces on WordPress on hundreds of different web pages but I also found that when I clicked those links, I landed straight back on their pages and not my writings at all! I decided I needed something more original that couldn’t be confused with anything or anyone else.
A few weeks ago my stars aligned and sent me to the ReStore. Okay, it doesn't take much to get me to the ReStore, but I digress. There, in the midst of rusty, mineral deposited sinks were beautiful shiny twins. BRAND. SPANKIN'. NEW. shiny twins. Brand spankin' new KOHLER twins. I quickly whipped out my trusty phone and looked up this particular model of Kohler sink, which retails for $320 each. EACH? Holy crapola. I took these babies home for $40 each. WITH the cutting templates and porcelain cleaner that originally came packed with the sinks. WHAT THE FRANK? How did these beautiful twins end up at the ReStore? Frankly I don't really care because now they live in my basement until their big day.
Most people can probably get that one. Ask them to go to verse 2 and more people will struggle:
But it's the end of me
Wearing the broad-brimmed hat of the West,
Nitrogen gas is being injected into the containment vessel in Unit 1 to reduce the possibility of hydrogen combustion in the containment vessel. The pressure in the reactor pressure vessel is increasing.
Huang truang mrinumvha tavat
I'll say and I'll
IN any case… we found out fairly early that Hope was ‘in jeopardy’… no real surprise. And then we learned that, horror of horrors, JR MArtinez was also in jeopardy. The hosts are quick to point out taht this doesnt necessarily mean these dancers were both in the bottom.
After 1 and a half hours of rising, put your dutch oven, with the lid on, in your oven and set the temp. to 450 degrees. Allow to heat for 30 minutes. Gently pick up your dough and place it into your hot dutch oven....I used olive oil to grease mine first....you can turn the dough upside down if you want, I did. Use a sharp knife to cut a few slits along the top of the dough, put the lid on the dutch oven. Return to oven and bake for 30 minutes, then remove the lid and bake 20 to 30 minutes more.
Saying no the right way is key in this Savage World; that you are no longer just living in, but beginning to own!
"I won't Dave, you got a drink?"
The actual act of moving my legs, one in front of the other, seems to have calmed my nerves about this weekend just.a.tiny.bit.
It seems wherever you go there’s always some man peeing at the side of the road, in his garden, in your garden, whenever the feeling takes him, he’ll just pee with no attempt to disguise it. There was an old man at the market the other day, who lodged his baguette against the wall and then promptly peed right next to it (I hope he wasn’t planning on sharing that bread).
Thanks to:
Step 9) I used Staz-On in Jet Black to stamp a sentiment from Inkadinkado's Warm Holiday Wishes.
Can you all forgive me for making the 301 post the comic launch? The past week and some change haas been hell. Inventory. Days and days of exhaustive facing and cleaning and prep so when the inventory team arrived they could get everything counted in one day. Then we had to put everything back where it originally was. Ugh. Everyone, including me, got a jump in hours for awhile. Just starting to get back to normal. So I've been sleeping a lot and stuffing my fat face. Did get on computer briefly cuz my phone-email check showed a present from Mich and I wanted to read it ^_^ and bop into some recent blogs of others (hi lil sis!) And I also remember someone asked me how to get into ketosis. Don't remember who asked tho. Why didn't I approve my comments when on comp? Stupid me.
Only worse
That's about Cole Phelps, the protagonist of Team Bondi's L.A. Noire. The words are spoken by Mrs. Black, who's interrogated by Phelps near the beginning of the story. She's right, too: Cole Phelps is rude, insensitive, and churlish to boot. However, she's also wrong, because I didn't know it and wouldn't figure it out until at least a third into the story. I have experienced a lot of jeopardy and violence in videogames, yet few scenes have inspired such helplessness and dread as watching Phelps grill a traumatised witness. Is this what they call context?
“ADDICTING. Call wayy ahead because you will have to wait forever. No delivery.” (Philadelphia, PA)
“Everything in the spiritual world is substantial and original. This material world is only an imitation…. It is just like a cinematographic picture, in which we see only the shadow of the real thing.” In this lecture, delivered in October 1966 in New York City, Śrīla Prabhupāda gives an amazing glimpse into the nature of the spiritual world and some positive instructions on how to arrive there at the end of life’s perilous journey.
Questioned about the reports, a spokesman for Iran’s foreign ministry, Ramin Mehmanparast, told reporters in Tehran that the allegation was “absolutely incorrect.”
The draft has been over for a few days so lets recap how the reigning Super Bowl Champs made out. In my opinion, I think they did very well with their picks filling in most of the gaps that were caused by free agents’ departure. In case anyone forgot, the Giants lost wide receiver Mario Manningham and running back Brandon Jacobs to the San Francisco 49ers along with some other key player including defensive end Dave Tollefson, middle linebacker Jonathan Goff, cornerback Aaron Ross, and wide receiver Devin Thomas. I will break down each pick round by round.
After Christmas, I went to Target and stocked up on tinsel garlands for us to use when it was on sale for 80% off. I think each 15' garland was like $.55 each or something awesome like that. I got gold for myself and silver for Cassie. I also got a strand of red because...well....you just never know.
Chiara Paioletti
But no. Instead, three years of arrogantly patting myself on the back, as though I'd achieved the feat on my own.
Band makeup: Gabby Huber
I specifically remember my father - working for the local NBC affiliate at the time - brought home a 5x7 promo glossy of the three heroes sliding / slinging / flying in action. And me: just staring at Firestar, alone in my room, until my emotive threshold met up with my realism that she was a cartoon and the awesome adoration exuding from my eyes turned to tears as I truly realized I would never be able to experience her beauty/persona personally. I cried myself to sleep that night.
Zagnazerak pointed at her and shouted “Skarn! To me!” the hilt began sliding through her fingers and with sudden fury she screamed “No!” The blade listened. It settled into her hand. “Skarn,” she whispered through battered lips.
With 150 years of experience, this German-based company has become the premier supplier for many ice cream, cereal, and candy products around the world. Chances are good that you’ve tasted their products.
Rules changes for DT to do away with the board, by Guido Quaranta.
Last year, more than 75 riders turned out in a driving rainstorm for the Puppy Putt event, raising $7,800 for Guide Dogs. That was part of $263,000 raised by District 751 Machinists, who were the top fundraisers for the charity across North America.
But then I had to transfer it to the sample bottle.
When did you know that you wanted to be a professional ballet dancer?
This is not a question of genitalia. Even in the physicality of heterosexual relationship, so much more than the mechanics of genitalia is involved. The complexity of the “one-flesh” phenomenon is a union that has much more to do with two persons than with two body parts. In complementarity, one is looking for companionship in the fullest sense of intimacy, a fully matched person, utterly suitable in every way that actually fits the needs in question. Not simply for procreation, but a companion. Fact is procreation is not even mentioned as a reason why God was creating a companion for the man.
Over the last year, I have collected a small pile of assorted grains. That's the problem ordering from some shops, you have to buy a pound of grain to get 2 ounces to add to your beer. So I decided to come with a recipe, and, since I failed to take inventory last time I brewed H2DC, I had over a pound of Crisp Amber Malt, and 3 ounces of Simpsons Chocolate Malt. So whatever I brewed would be English. Since I wanted it to be inexpensive, I decided on a mild.
he'd been drunk
I know, at some point, I just have to jump right in.
Store the popcorn in an airtight container for up to a week.
The billet is a volunteer between 17-20 years of age either young man from Montreal area or young lady from Alberta/BC region. All speak English and the two boys also speak French. $10 per day provided to compensate for feeding the volunteer during the 10 day period. They would continue their volunteer placement during the day, Monday through Friday, at their various work places.
11/07 Boston, MA @ O'Briens
We went back to the China book and read A through M without stopping and then took a break to make a stir fry for dinner. In a wok not walk. She thought it was hilarious that those two words sounded the same and yet looked so different.
It’s a marvel that even with such agony the longing doesn’t diminish , it continues to feed on the loneliness and gain strength. It grows stronger , so does love- even the unrequited one, for it has its own rainbows.
I am a naturally aggressive driver. I drive pedal to the metal, hard and fast. I like to get my destination quickly, and I like to get away from slow, idiotic drivers who are just so dense and ‘safe’ in their little driving bubble. However, this obviously means that I go through quite a bit of petrol each month. Something my hubby hasn’t been too thrilled about seeing as he’s the one who foots the bill…
And feel it–
I regret only that it took until nearly the end of high school to solidify this universally anti-war position. I wish I could have warned more of my peers about the evils of empire because I did not and do not want to see anyone from my formative years die for our criminal overlords. But it is happening, and will likely get worse.
7-9pm, The Alexandra Arms ("The Alex"), Gwydir Street.
I followed Adrien’s rusty, old Chevy into this rusty, old neighborhood and pulled up a few cars behind him. It was dark, about 11 pm on a school night. I had on a too tight black hoodie, a black crew shirt underneath, and black jeans. I looked like a cool ass ninja, or a drug dealer, which is what I was going for.
How about if I post a new painting to start things off.
I often ponder what makes organic beer a superior beverage. Could it really be that a lack of pesticides and poisonous fertilizers is evident on my tongue as I knock back a glass? Maybe it's just the idea that I like, but I present as evidence my favorite breweries: Laurelwood, Roots, Otter Creek, Fish. All four will be on the hill this Saturday at the 2006 North American Organic Brewer's Festival along with many craft breweries unheard of in these parts. Wholly Shit.
2- Are you interested in the recipe?
It felt good to be back in a real city.
Of course, that only highlights how many people in this country are not.
This API program allows access to trusted Yelp Information in real time, such as business listing information and overall business ratings. So, for example, if a Hotel wanted to show its guests where the nearby restaurants are located, Yelp can offer detailed information regarding where other particular restaurants are within the Hotels location. Whilst the guests locate a restaurant of choice, they could review the current restaurants ratings individually. This demonstrates the remix ability of information in a smaller practical unit and also a community based approached that help current local services gain recognition.
This is what my ribbon stash looks like now!
This is an example of an intelligent piece of Regie (the action took place in approximately present day, and centred around Russian mob activities) - never does the libretto fight what's on stage, and the brutality of the characters actions is both more explicable and more sinister. The acting and direction were particularly notable for their naturalism and subtlety, both A Good Thing in my book. Kevin Knight's sets were some of the best that the ROH has had this year - capturing that curiously Russian mix of periods and lack of taste, they had a very strong sense of atmosphere and place, and in every scene, the set really added to the drama and visual spectacle in a grimy, low key way.
Combine miso, Dijon and brown sugar in a small bowl. Whisk in the rice vinegar, then the sesame oil. Dressing should be smooth.
I love this set from Papertrey Ink, Whale Wishes.
2 days, 5 goals and 4 games later it was with true perserverance and determination that in the last 3 minutes of your playoff game SF United pulled through with the heart and soul of great champions to win the Coppa d’Oro tournament. Congratulations girls and of course coach Mario Villega. It was a tough battle and a well played final game.
Now I have to look through all my pottery books and check out other people's ideas on space usage.
Starring as leads in this "glittering society of peers, diplomats and ministers" meets "lurid subculture of showgirls, hoodlums and racketeers" extravaganza were successful osteopath to the rich Dr Stephen Ward, London showgirls Christine Keeler and Mandy Rice-Davies and, of course, the then Conservative Secretary Of State For War John Profumo.
So sorry about this post being way too long, but I'm on my second cup of coffee and words just kept coming out. :) Enjoy your Saturday!!!
I really enjoyed writing the last post “Something a Bit More Technical” and it’s gotten some good outside-of-wordpress feedback, so I’ve decided to do a “weekly writing from the technical side” which will be similar to the post from a few days ago where I find information from books and make posts connecting to them, what my thoughts are and anything else that goes along with it! I’ll have the first post up tomorrow morning!
4) Forwards
Anyone who has ever changed a soiled nappy knows there are only two things preventing accidents – speed and guarding. Unfortunately, if you are not fast enough, or you aren’t providing a good enough physical barrier, you may well just end up with poo everywhere.
She began to hum her favorite song and walked back into the cottage. switching on the music she began to dance. A slow seductive dance. Slowly she dropped her gown and winked at the picture at the mantel piece.
Another problem is MAS’ method of measuring core inflation: It excludes housing and private transport. Since these are are a major cause of inflation, the method results in optimistic numbers and homeless Singaporeans. It’s like getting lung cancer, but having the doctor congratulate you because hey, apart from your lungs, you’re fine.
My daughter is here for a few days in preparation for her trip to Jamaica. She is going with 3 of her close friends but as she has never travelled outside the country without us, I am worried about her already. I know she(they) are staying in a 5 start resort but that does nothing to calm my nerves til she is back safe and sound.
“It gives Marvel the opportunity to expand internationally and leverage the Disney retail relationships as well as their licensee relationships,” said Tony Lisanti, the magazine’s global editorial director.
It was just so nice to pick out a top in a pattern and color that I liked, and have it fit and look good on me. At the same time, I realized that most people probably take this for granted. This is how they shop all the time! But for me, it was a fresh joy.
I learned afterwards there’s a Ravelry Group for this – 12 Shawls in 2012 – so, naturally, I’ve signed up. Their rules are more strict than mine: they insist on a minimum yardage of 250 metres so 198 yards of Heaven won’t count. And they won’t allow anything with sleeves – understandably – which means somethings that I will do as part of Lacealong2012 can’t also be counted as part of 12in12.
I have been somewhat a notebook nerd from an early age, I remember looking back at journal entries as a high schooler kid and thinking how nice it was to have those raw (and embarrassing) memories recorded. I used an marble covered composition book in the early days.
Its a tough race but apart from a couple of the steep climbs it was quite runnable. The race set off very quickly and I had in my mind that I wanted to be in the first group. I wasn't and settled in just behind the leaders who flew ahead.
The support band were AK/DK ( no, not UK Decay, for any old Goths reading this ) - an arty duo who generated a hypnotic, free-form noise from two drum-kits, old synths and samples - and who reminded me somewhat of the first ( and only ) time I saw The Flaming Lips. But without the nun hand-puppets. An unusual band whose compelling sound made a change from the usual indie fare and who, bizarrely, covered Bow Wow Wow's venerable C30 C60 C90 Go...
Early church teachings also held that very few people of color could make it to the Celestial Kingdom, and of those few that did, they would be servants to the whites.
And this little quilt belongs to me...it's a little one but after using the red and white I've decided that I want to do a scrappy red and white sampler...guess I need to start collecting some fabric...
On to the first quilt shop of the day on our list. Oops, it wasn’t there!
I just want to announce the winner of my facebook contest :
Line a muffin pan with liners or grease pan.
Rule number two: Your people only get better when you get better.
Special prizes like cellphones, t-shirts etc will also be given away during the event.
Here we are again! There must be more than one Friday in a week, do ya think? Time to strut our Unity stuff and hook up to the Friends with Flair linky. This week, my card kind of happened by accident. I started out to do the sketch of the month over at Unity, and when I was 3/4 finished, I realized that I had not been creating with a KOM, but with a Store Kit. Ha! Never fear, we always have Fridays!
“Would you say that I’m a winter or more of a summer?” I would ask the neighborhood girls while trying out concealers to cover my E-Z Bake oven light bulb burns. Choosing the right shade was important, as was baking tasty cakes to go with our afternoon tea. It was a clear signal of my genteel DNA. That is when the doubts of my origins began. Did I see the concern in my poor adoptive mother’s face as well?
are roaming my face like a map.
Finish off leaving a 6" tail. Sew one end of stem to Row 1 of leaf and the other end of the stem to the foundation chain. I counted along 15 chains on the foundation chain and then sewed my first leaf to the chain. I placed all of the leaves and acorns 15 chains apart, leaving 15 free chains at the beginning and end of the foundation chain.
In the intervening week-and-a-little-bit since my last post I have been meaning to fill in with a post about the rest of my day. Thanks to a google search and some tinkering I was able to re-attach the vacuum belt and clean up the cracker mess.
I decided on Chocolate Peanut Butter fudge with pecans and Orange jelly candies (you know the jelly candies with the sugar all over them....they had me at sugar!)
I'm wanting
She was able to calm down and another staff took her to school. After they left I just burst into tears, thanks to the adrenaline wearing off. I'm not actually hurt, she is little and I don't think I even have a bruise. But I am still in shock. I think it's about the psychic pain, of someone getting in your space and being so aggressive. I couldn't believe it was happening.
The only upside about the guest house is it is a two minute walk to the metro. I walk down 71 steps, make a right, go through this little gate, enter a “park,” there is a path from where everyone has made their way to and from the metro, and under the bridge there is a community of people living there. I’ve seen them making chapatis over small fire pits, dogs passed out, babies with bare bottoms squatting to relieve themselves, but when I pass by they are almost always communicating with each other or laughing. I was always impressed that they never have begged as I walk by. It has only happened once. I was carrying food and this little girl yanked on my arm. I said no in Hindi and pulled my arm away from her. I felt horrible for scolding her… Once you pass by this community you take a large step down and there’s the metro parking lot. I squeeze through tight spaces between motorcycles and make my way to the metro line. I see it all–the good, the bad, the ugly.
One proposal being considered by the Legislature is being advanced by House Speaker Michael Madison, whose idea is to take hundreds of millions of dollars from local government and divert it to the state’s annual pension costs.
These portfolios will be up for a couple of months, and I'll be uploading additional photographs during this week. By the end of June, the site will be down for renovation (it definitely needs an aesthetic update), so if you're interested in seeing my Parisian photographs, I encourage taking a look soon.
MH: Will we get to learn more about Giant culture in Crown Thief? Speaking of which where does the story go from Giant Thief?
I have seen irony in all corners of my sheltered, simple life. In 4th grade (this was in elementary), my ultimate crush courted my best friend. That same guy courted me in 4th year high school and it didn’t go well because… well, because he courted my newer best friend. I have disproportionate body parts where if you cut my body in half, the other half would pass as a model while the other half would pass as an obese little girl (I’m not sure if that’s ironic but whatever). Here’s the biggest irony, seven years ago my father was diagnosed of cancer of the tongue. He is a math teacher. He speaks for a living.
You better slow down,
There's nothing particularly innovative or deep about Danny Boyle's Sunshine, but it's still one of the best S.F. genre films I've seen in quite some time. First off, it's utterly gorgeous - someone finally forgave Boyle for The Beach, and gave him a moderately large budget with which to create an unbelievably beautiful vision of the end of the world. The cinematography and visual effects alone are worth the ticket price, but the story and script are reasonably strong as well (though it does feel at times as if Boyle and Alex Garland are throwing in everything but the kitchen sink), and the cast is nearly as pretty as the relentless image of a blown-out Sun.
I’ve had many requests this year to help clients find a rental. Sadly, when I get the budget and what they need – the search results come up nill. These days, for a studio (that means one room / no bedroom) rents on the peninsula start at $1500 and go up from there. Looking to rent a two bedroom? Better fork over at least $2000 a month – want a house, $3200+ easy – in choice areas. My eyes jump out of the head – $3000 a month – now that’s a mortgage payment!
You may have seen this company's products in a recent bloghop with Coredinations or in many many samples on your favorite blogs or newsletters.
Pierced Earring backs, Flower Head Pins﻿
I really recommend this book. If you are curious as to where the stereotypes of black criminals came from, this book will tell you. It shows the direct correlation between bad policing (or at that time good policing) and high arrest rate among Afican-Americans. It shows how the country came to view African-Americans as criminals and why the system is as bad as it is today.
7. Front Page News
This is the first album I have ever attempted, and I have been inspired by the many amazing examples of people’s work online – each album is a work of art in itself, and this is my aim too. I want to bring the art that I love into a single work, incorporating my own creativity and artistry which I hope will complement the images I have chosen.
and the civil rights struggle.
Measuring just 30 x 24 x14mm, the 10ml glass tank was created by Russian artist and designer Anatoly Konenko – who still found space for a water filter.
I had a dream
EPISODE 154
How to get there: Rye is on the Marshlink Line between Ashford and Hastings – I went from St Pancras on Southeastern’s High Speed service to Ashford International, then changed onto Southern’s service across the marshes that clings to the coast towards Brighton; Ashford can also be reached by regular (cheaper) Southeastern services from Charing Cross or Victoria. The return from Hastings is either by Southeastern back to Charing Cross via Tonbridge, or by Southern back to Victoria via Lewes
Anywhoo... there are still a couple of days left to get your layouts in for this month's Get Picky Sketch challenge.....with an awesome Wicked Princess prize up for grabs...
So for once and for all I am about to placate quite a few, 'cause I'm gettin' sick of answering the question "What are fiddleheads?"... or "how do I cook them?"... though the cooking question I fully understand, but only because I tend to want recipes from people I personally know that have cooked the dish. You know, 'cause it's already had a test run. Ever try to find a recipe on line, and read the comments that appear under it? I swear every person says stuff like "this was good & all, but I'd add/leave out *insert food item*" or they complain about oven temp/cooking time... ad nauseam.
The substantial military prowess of the English during the middle ages depended on longbows made of yew. A good bow needed to be made from a stave cut from the center of the tree so that the inelastic heartwood was next to the springy outer wood. This meant that yews in England were badly overharvested and the English had to continually buy yew from Europe. To quote Wikipedia “In 1562, the Bavarian government sent a long plea to the Holy Roman Emperor asking him to stop the cutting of yew, and outlining the damage done to the forests by its selective extraction, which broke the canopy and allowed wind to destroy neighboring trees.”
I am quite intrigued and definitely inspired by designer Florence Broadhurst. A musician, painter, designer…
Step 4: Once your wallpaper is up, start to smooth it out with your Wallcovering Smoothing Tools. This will truly adhere the wallpaper to the wall and give you a smooth surface/finish. The ooey-gooey glue will start to come out the sides (as seen in the picture above)
Yeah. I’m experiencing some serious growing pains. More often than not, I find myself at a loss. Who exactly is this new person? Do I like her? Will she always demand late-night ice cream runs? I mean, c’mon. My pants are busting out.
I was originally conflicted on songs when we brought Jacob home, because we will also have him sealed to our family next summer. But, the Lord has gently directed us through the last month. Jacob has added an incredible amount of peace to our family. He is a happy and gentle baby. During this Christmas season, I have held him so often. I am in love with this baby. I am awed at the ability of another brave young woman to make such an instrumental sacrifice, allowing our family to raise Jacob. The last few weeks as I have held him and kissed him, the words to "Silent Night," have run through my mind. I know it is his song. I hope as we sing it and as he learns it, that he too will be soothed by the gentle message of the Savior.
Each week on this blog, we will meet with ILRI staff members, partners and projects in Asia to learn about their work, challenges and the opportunities they face to leverage livestock knowledge in Asia.
Smoked almond chocolate tart with "burnt" honey ice cream & carmelized orange slice with McCoy's Oak Aged Wee Willy Scotch Ale (which will be on tap at McCoy's very soon!).
After work Tuesday, I went outside to enjoy a glass of wine and relax after a hectic day at work. To my surprise, someone was sitting in my chair. Hmm. "What are you doing out here, John Bear?" I asked.
Today's winning commenter will win the entire release! Winner will be chosen randomly from the comments on one of the blogs listed below. The prize deadline is Monday April 16 at 6 PM Mountain Time, winners will be announced on the Verve Blog Tuesday April 17.
Luis's excitement did not come from a fallen tree, however. The root system of the tree seemed to have burrowed into a buried wall of the city. From his previous work, Prof. Sinclair believed this particular section of the city had been an acropolis, but it had never been excavated before because of the cost of labor, as well as the cost of preserving it from tourists and the elements. Indeed, now that the tree had fallen, the professor's hypothesis seemed correct, because the place that the tree had stood was now a gaping hole in the earth. The fierce sunlight revealed stone walls below.
And as I sat there in my contemplative state, I sensed someone sit down beside me. I looked up and saw my daughter. She put her arm around me, rested her head on my shoulder, and said, "You looked as if you could use a hug!"
Row 2- sc in each sc (6)
Tomorrow is the 10K I spontaneously registered for. Looks like I'm in for a wet one. I guess the fact that I'll be in a tank top will be okay -- less material to get wet, right?!? Ooh, I just remembered I have neon green arm sleeves. Hm. Maybe I can re-work the outfit around the sleeves instead of the shirt! Next weekend is also a Shamrock themed race. So much green - and I pretty much own nothing green, so it gets challenging.
I've been super sick since last Wednesday, with the worstest, meanest, no funest bug ever. I think it would be a good idea if you remember to disinfect your computer screen after you're done reading this.
Jesus will still bet there
1 Tbsp. apple cider vinegar or lemon juice
I’m sort of a wall-flower when it comes to being social. Very introvertive and completely fitting the stereotype of middle child. I’ve tried a whole slew of different sports: Gymnastics, softball, soccer, hockey, football, volleyball, and a few other artistic talents (piano, violin, theatre). Never could really find my niche. I have never really been overweight either (Average of 140-145 lbs. at 5’5″).
If your audience doesn’t have computer-based online access, you may be able to reach them online via their mobile phones. In this case, you should consider using the Social Media Performance Group’s free Mobile Social Media Use Survey. [4] The survey can also be found in the second part of the Social Media Performance Group Social Media Readiness Survey™, reproduced in the next section, and live at: bit.ly/smpgsurvey
When asked about her writing process, Frederick indicated she is one of those who hates outlines. She will often begin her initial draft with pen and paper before moving to her computer to complete the first and subsequent drafts.
Hajj – a pillar of Islam
I even have a shelf for my bread. (I don't bother wrapping them because we go thru them so fast!) I filled the bottom draw half with my cookies, muffins, and other lunch snacks and the other half with my fruits that I use regularly for smoothies
11.14pm - have just learnt that my Uncle and Aunt down in Christchurch are okay - a huge relief!
Here is the second pie for PI Day (also known as National CollegeCulinista Day). This one is really exciting. I'm not saying that Red Velvet Pudding Pie isn't exciting, but it already sounds amazing. Cheddar apple pie sounds a little scary. However, the magic is that the cheddar is in the crust! Genius! I love cheese and apples and this combo sounds great! This one is also going to the school of education for snack time.
What? You can't believe your eyes? Too cheap to be true? I said
The trip came amid complaints by critics that Mr. Obama has politicized bin Laden’s death. The president drew cheers in a speech to troops for his mention of the U.S. raid that killed the mastermind behind the attacks that sparked the decadelong war.
12. After You’ve Gonne (3:31)
. . . . . . . . . . . . .and for the 45 minutes that time stood still,
Art Criticism: Art Criticism Discussion with Jim Elkins has been started in preparation for STATES OF ART CRITICISM: VAP Symposium. I know, I know. I was hoping it would be about riding on the train and having to sit next to some smelly kid carrying a bag of art supplies from Utrecht, and other personal anecdotes.
-The boxes are to be filled with fun foodie things, local food items or even homemade treats! The spending limit is $15. The box must also include something written. This can be anything from a note explaining what’s in the box, to a fun recipe…use your imagination!
All of these factors that make Montana the special place that it is also, unfortunately, make it the perfect storm for issues like domestic violence, sexual assault, child abuse, and bullying. But Montana has started to make a change in the past few years to reach out and help those suffering. Through the Montana Coalition Against Domestic and Sexual Violence, increases in legislation, and action by concerned citizens, these ills of society are improving slowly but surely. But we still have a lot of work to do. We can’t rest on our laurels, or expect someone else to take on the responsibility. These are not problems that stay in the home anymore. They affect everyone. And everyone is responsible for taking a stand.
That said, we have a couple of announcements to make...
Fourth, we’re pursuing a negotiated peace. In coordination with the Afghan government, my administration has been in direct discussions with the Taliban. We’ve made it clear that they can be a part of this future if they break with al Qaeda, renounce violence and abide by Afghan laws. Many members of the Taliban — from foot soldiers to leaders — have indicated an interest in reconciliation. The path to peace is now set before them. Those who refuse to walk it will face strong Afghan security forces, backed by the United States and our allies.
The good news is that the spraying starts in Discovery Bay and Bethel Island this week and will continue weekly. The pellets disolve into the root system. The product does not harm fish and allows normal water activity, swimming, boating, drinking, etc. The test program is for twelve weeks. The bad news is that, of course, all of the water ways cannot be treated. Piper and Taylor sloughs are being treated in Bethel Island as well as the majority of the west side of Discovery Bay from Cypress Bay up to and including Lido Bay. The east side of Discovery Bay is not being treated at this time. Please review the information on the Discovery Bay Page. The budget for this sort of thing is $600,000 and funds are running out. So take a moment to lobby your congressman for funding. It has taken and will continue to take some time to get permits for treatment. The Department of Boating and Waterways (DBW) will be checking results at least weekly and maybe more. They can be contacted for further information at 888-326-2822. You can also check out website at http://dbw.ca.gov/aquatic.asp for more information.
and I just keep quiet
I apologize for the "deer in the headlights" look and the blurriness of the photo. Still need a digital camera, but my iPhone will have to do for now. Aubree is at that stage where I can't get her to sit still for a picture unless she can see herself on the screen-- and that usually results in funny faces anyway ;) The pants do seem to ride up a bit on the inseam, so next time I will have to remember to add a bit extra, but overall I am quite pleased as this was my first time attempting pants! (I did make a pair of boxer shorts for my mom in high school but that.... is another story!
Only 2 more days to play along with our April sketch challenge. May's kit is going to be superb so you will want your chance to win it. :-) Upload your project by April 23rd for your chance to win. :-)
It turns out that most centers are populated by people from the same Latin American country – all except one woman in the center I visited was from Mexico (the lone exception was from Ecuador). Others are dominated by Dominicans or Guatemalans, while some are fairly mixed. Most of the businesses are related to food (pushcart, catering, etc.), clothing and other retail (such as flowers). About eight of the women in the center I visited – which had about 30 members attending – were involved in Herbalife, a kind of nutrition program sold through a network of women who are organized like Avon ladies.
The next card was used Multi Step Mother’s Cameo. This is a simply beautiful set. I know that I can use it for all genre of women (and men too, of course!). I designed the card with an antique style. To add the vintage feel, I used the word, “Treasure” from Vintage Words for the saying.
“And the rain let up–
flourish to it. I added the heart bling just to add dimension and some interest.
- 1 piece of Taiwanese noodle
Hey everyone, hope you’re eating lots of bready goodness tonight, because tomorrow is the dreaded PASSOVER! (DUM DUM DUM!) The great thing about Passover this year, however, is that it means all three Baking Sisters are finally reunited in New York City! The less great thing about Passover is that we have to go eight days without eating bread or really anything remotely delicious, except chicken and potato chips and leaf cookies which are always delicious. Anyway, thought we’d get in one last entry before we have to resign ourselves to a week of flourless cake.
will be showing in her very first Art Exhibition
31st, at 6 pm.
An Hour with Stella Rimington
Serves: 4-5 Cook Time: 35 minutes
Last night I gave our dogs a dog treat. It was chicken jerky which they have both had before. After a few minutes I noticed that Skully was having trouble swallowing a bite.
- Once you start taking those rings out, you're gonna be flushing your toilet, A LOT. So make sure to get the flushable cat litter. This one is working really well for us:
09 - Help Me Out.
Do you know how to use a compass?
most plants, the depth of your container is of most concern. Below are some rules of thumb for choosing an appropriately sized container:
Then I wanted a shrug. I only found one shrug-like pattern, but it was good, so I used it. Since this pattern was for knits, I added a little bit of extra seam allowance to Bunny's size. It worked out well!
Recommendable: A-
Her pet peeves were when people told her stories of their friend who had cancer and got better, or so-and-so that had gone through chemo for a year and never lost her hair. Instead of finding those stories encouraging, she finds them upsetting, putting undue pressure on her and getting her hopes up too high when they should remain positive, but realistic. Those anecdotes bring up her argumentative, logical side that thinks, "Sure there is that one story of that one person who was easily healed, but I could come up with a thousand stories of people who lost the battle."
Much love and thanks to every person who has taken an interest in us and in Samuel; it has palliated our anxiety in ways you may not be able to imagine.
She found one, and it was perfect.
To the traditional rabbis, this court represents the Earth. Linen, they say, grows out of the earth, and explains why this court was surrounded by the linen fence. The Earthly realm has an extremely limited connection with God, just as the Outer Court did.
Collective– While art does wonders for an individual in the sense of growth and sensual stimulation, art is actually a community experience. After all, it is most often created to be enjoyed by others — not just the artist. It speaks to a time and place, and engages all who relate to it’s message. Even though reactions to art differ, coming together for the purpose of art has been, and always will be, a center point of human community. It is where we can gather to celebrate or grieve life’s most important events and issues. Not to mention, in the 21st century as all times before, it gives people reason to come together.
The first two claims of US 7,851,188 (issued on Dec. 14, 2010 based on appl. 11/586,315 ):
RULE: Any vegetables served at Manbque must be within the tight parameters of meat in the form of a kabob.
i find this to be shit
The only problem with the article is that it gives us numbers but fails to give context to the numbers. Here is some context:
Taxi driver says “Not your fault Sir. It’s my first day as a cab driver; I’ve been driving a hearse for the past 25 years”.
I have my ex-dog for 2 weeks....
1 vaguely
Wednesday, November 21st–Therapy.
The days seem to just blend into one another and the weeks stack right up on top of each other. It's so hard to believe that the year is nearly one-half over! Baby Anna is now six months old (amazing!) and it seems like just last week that she was a newborn. She's growing so much and getting such a cute little personality. Amy said when she picks Anna up from day care, she's usually playing in a bouncer so they went and bought her one. You can see that she really likes it. It's a bit blurry because she's bouncing, bouncing, bouncing!
I told the hubs that another puppy is something that
Next up in the 29 Days of Couponing Tips Series....Printable Coupons.
I would give this a 4.25 for audio performance but I have to give it a 3.0 for the story. However, if you are a person who really likes “wacky” as well as fun audio, this would be a good pick. The author was kind enough to send along some other audios, including Sherlock Holmes and Abbott and Costello. I am looking forward to listening to those and will share comments on them when I do.
Luke 6:27-31 “But I tell you who hear me: Love your enemies, do good to those who hate you, bless those who curse you, pray for those who mistreat you. If someone strikes you on one cheek, turn to him the other also. If someone takes your cloak, do not stop him from taking your tunic. Give to everyone who asks you, and if anyone takes what belongs to you, do not demand it back. Do to others as you would have them do to you.
One of my friends on Facebook just introduced me to a new singing sensation from Britain. This 17 year old is amazing. The clip from Britain’s Got Talent just brings tears to my eyes. You have just got to love the underdog, the kid who looks are so deceiving, that you would never believe the utter beauty that comes from this young man’s vocal chords. I just cannot get enough of him. He is just amazing.
Now, that may be entirely right and proper, modern medicine tends to have more to offer the living than the dead, but I there is an opportunity to practice medicine which all too often passes us by. It is not a cutting edge therapy, a new model of care or anything special, but it does take time, and effort.
The Masters of Ballantrae
I am over in Belfast at the moment visiting my dad and step mum. We've had a great time catching up and, among other things, geocaching. This is me signing the log of a cache by Belfast Lough, where many ships where built, next to a piece of street art giving a nod to the shipbuilding industry:
This book is good, quick read. This is a book that I would recommend to my guy friends. It is heavy on adventure and violence. I would not recommend this book to youth because of the amount of violence.
It's an Indian pan cake, that's highly nutritious n tasty too. the color of this dosa attracts the kids n when they take a 1st bite, they'll sure ask for more. it's very easy to make that starts with grinding, adding in chopped onions n spread it on a pan to make pan cakes.
Flex®
The Needs of Children with Asperger's Syndrome
Put in an ovenproof dish, add the other ingredients, top up with water to cover the pears.
This has always been the fault of man ever since Adam and Eve decided to partake of the forbidden fruit. Without God man has only his own sinful mind as a guide to discernment. All through history, from Adam to now, Man has made detrimental decisions and the result is clearly seen every time we listen to the news and commentaries on that news.
Okay now before I start ripping into Romney, in the interest of full disclosure I should mention that I was once attacked in a elementary school bathroom by a bunch of older kids who wanted to cut my long hair. (I managed to escape and the boys were expelled for their actions.) So I may have some built in anger toward anybody who would bully somebody due to the length of their hair. However, to be honest, I have a lot of built in anger towards bullies in general, which I will share in a few minutes.
2) Leave me a comment telling me ways you like to celebrate your birthday.
With this kind of money on the line, the big studios frown and actively discourage innovation. After all, innovation is risky, and when you develop a game that uses big time Hollywood actors, has taken several years to code and develop - the last thing you want is for the game to sell too few copies.
The group remains enigmatic. Its leader Mihaloliakos declined to be interviewed and ruled out in a campaign speech on Monday any cooperation to forge a coalition government.
The next morning the other guy had left when I went downstairs. My guy woke up and upon using the bathroom declared there was a lot of men’s toiletries in there – in all our conversation the night before I had neglected to mention my absent partner. I was struck dumb unable to find the words to explain to him, he left quickly.
Style: Australian Bright Ale
Adpeople with hiring authority, however, probably don’t want to do that.
As a Christian I consider myself an ambassador for Christ. Am I being a good representative?
I think it’s probably a combination. The economy could be driving people to order from the counterfeit websites with the hope that they will get “the dress” they want for much less. Our employees are reporting that they are talking to many customers on the phone and in the store who are either planning to order from a knock off site or already have and couldn’t wear the dress they were shipped,” according to sources.
Or to summarise, if we could only get our homebuilding industry firmly back in the saddle, not by inflating prices or anything else of the nonsense of recent years, merely by getting it back to its true and righteous business of providing our households with homes then and in addition to the more obvious employment benefits, by increasing deposits, by reviving the ability of many to meet their commitments, they would help to rebalance our banks, increasing deposits, decreasing the uncertainty currently attached to many outstanding loans and, ultimately, though slowly at first, restoring our banks’ ability to lend and therefore the drive the process forward further.
You reached the apex and there was no choice but to go see the movie. Months ahead of time, trailers were out, action figure dolls, jewlery, posters, etc.
Today, Danielle states, “Your aspirations show up in your admiration.”
@TomMartin
Still, Tyler felt compelled to write an 830-word play defending it all. It starts with him acknowledging the comments and emails, then smash-cut to Perry in a Mexican restaurant being accosted by a cute old woman who doesn’t know how to pronounce Kardashian (KAR-DAT- CHA-NEM). She demands an explanation for the atrocity that is Kim Kar-Dat-Cha-Nem. He explains the plot of the movie to her — which, spoiler alert: a young black woman from Virginia who was raised in the church runs into relationship problems en route to fulfilling her dream of being a Marriage Counselor — and then re-reads his script (!) and realizes the youth (“ESPECIALLY THE YOUTH!!”) need to see this film. And so:
But against all odds, it worked.
Among those missing the cut were nine former Masters champions and reigning British Open champion Darren Clarke.
Minister: Well, what have we got now? Murder, obviously.
Estoppel typically occurs when the patentee writes to the infringer, describing the alleged infringement and requesting that the infringer either "cease and desist" or take a license. The infringer then either ignores the letter or sends back the usual response that they aren't infringing, and they will consider the matter closed unless they hear back from the patentee. If the patentee then fails to follow up, the infringer - logically - considers the matter finished. As a consequence of estoppel, the plaintiff may be estopped, i.e. barred, from enforcing his patent against this particular defendant.
rdrav2000: Get off mduveeran, You know nothing about cricket and its technicals.
This week’s Menu Plan
Place the bun bottoms onto each of 4 plates. Top each with some fresh lettuce leaves and one turkey pattie. Spoon some of the blue cheese sauce over top. Add the toasted top of the bun on the side. Garnish with some potato crisps and celery stalks if desired. Serve hot.
Moonwort is as irresistible to children as sunflowers are to goldfinches. When kids discover the ripened pods in the garden, they immediately know they’ve struck it rich. Children hang money plant seeds from their ears as earrings, make stickpins and brooches with the flowers, create beautiful crowns to wear and gather piles of the gleaming “coins”.
This merry masterpiece was inspired by the ancient pagan tradition of sacrificing frozen carollers to ensure the return of the sun. Revellers would then impale the decapitated heads on pine cones, and hang them on their Solstice tree!
1328 D-XI/6/1999. “Thucydides on Stasis and the Language of Cities.” Basic Program Staff Seminar, The University of Chicago, Chicago, Illinois.
Present them-selves on the mottled shore.
See ya there.
This is such a fab set and could be used for so many occaisions which would make a fab addition so anybody's stamp collection!
Example (hypothetical!!!):
My problem with the justice system in Zimbabwe is that the application of these factors is always unpredictable, and their fair application seems to depend on the social status and political affiliation of both the victim and accused.
Well that did it. Once Zanashet bestows a destiny on someone, not even I can touch them. Unless that is my part in their destiny, which in this case I wasn’t. As is thoroughly documented, von Richthofen died in air combat whilst in pursuit of Lieutenant Wilfrid May, who was most certainly strait ahead of him or “on his 12″. So he did indeed die when May struck 12 o’clock.
Fresh tomatoes are available in my back yard for most of two seasons. I got a bit of a late start this year, but I’ve gotten things set up:
In 2004 I was made London Organiser, and was involved in the majority of the activities across London and played a major part in co-ordinating the 2004 GLA campaign, where we achieved an unprecedented 4.71% of the London vote, only missing a GLA seat by just 0.29%!
I shall close now so as not to give away to any of Jane's "secrets." Great little book... I think I would like to try reading more from this series.
UPDATE 1040pm CDT 4/30/2012:
“For ye are all the children of God by faith in Christ Jesus. For as many of you as have been baptized into Christ have put on Christ. There is neither Jew nor Greek, there is neither bond nor free, there is neither male nor female: for ye are all one in Christ Jesus. And if ye be Christ’s, then are ye Abraham’s seed, and heirs according to the promise. (Gal 3:26-29)”
No Mark Upon Her - Deborah Crombie
How many books have you written? Which is your favorite?
So it seems that every makeup brand is coming out with their own line of lip butters. What is a lip butter you ask? Basically it’s a tube or pot of tinted lip balm- a product that will give you color and keep lips hydrated. I noticed so many of them out there on the market so I did some research of my own and here are my thoughts on the most popular ones.
This isn't what the athletic director pictured when he made this hire.
Just introducing one discontinuous item into your dressing process can fire up your creativity.
There certainly are some examples of blogs as successful businesses. High-profile blogs like Huffington Post and Daily Kos attract millions of readers and sell oodles of ads.
Loving and accepting your grandchildren unconditionally is seeing their uniqueness and the uniqueness of their individual journeys, not expecting them to be like you, their parents, or anyone else. It is looking for and encouraging their good qualities and positive traits, not focusing on negative traits. It is listening to their ideas and suggestions and doing what makes them happy when possible and practical. It is enjoying each one of them and letting them know how grateful you are for them and for the privilege of being a part of their lives.
-Austin
So how can you avoid making mistakes — outrageous or otherwise — in your next job interview?
Leighton Radtke = The official mascot of the BearMeat Editorial Board. His Baylor pride is irrepressible, as witnessed in our posts featuring his shirtless exuberance. Try teaching a bus full of drunken gamblers to do the "Sic 'em Bears" hand gesture and see how well you do. Leighton Radtke is the embodiment of our ethos.
So, why the change of heart concerning Luck?
Ley No. 321 de la Republica —
Systems Advisors Group is pleased to announce our sponsorship with Microsoft Dynamics to present the Service Industries Virtual Summit on May 3, 2012 (9am PDT/12pm EDT). You will have an incredible opportunity to learn from industry experts as well as your peers – all in one place, at one time. REGISTER TODAY.
Explain the concept of intelligent design and explain how it applies to the i) origin of life OR ii) to the fossil record.
Then what do I really want?
1) basically, I just check in every morning when I wake up
Likewise - and often it comes from people who are not religious - to be told I am in someone's thoughts is an uplifting experience and one I value greatly.
10ml fresh lime juice
Serves: 3-4, Prep time: 10 minutes, Cook time: 8 minutes
“The stuff that dreams are made of,” said Humphrey Bogart (as Sam Spade) in “The Maltese Falcon.”
I believe in nature.
I did not expect to enjoy Missing as much as I did! I found the story interesting, the characters great, and the mystery… is STILL a mystery (I can hardly wait to read book two!)!
“Yeah honey,” Peter March said to his wife over the cell phone looking out his New Orleans hotel room window. “Negotiations here in Shreveport have run into a few snags. I’m certain to be here for at least two more days, the client came up with new demands and is being a royal dick about several points that were settled long ago.”
The United Nations announced in September that chronic diseases like heart disease, cancer, and diabetes contribute to 35 million deaths worldwide each year, according to the commentary. The U.N. pegged tobacco, alcohol, and diet as big risk factors that contributed to this death rate.
The patchwork pillow covers feature a quilted patchwork pieced front, a layer of cotton batting and an interior layer of muslin. The cover has an envelope style closure on the back and rounded corners and all interior seams have been finished with a serger. All covers have been pre-washed/dried to give it that crinkly quilted finish.
Today’s list is special. It’s called “THAT GUY???” for a reason. Okay, several reasons. One is, Mets fans have several enemies or perceived threats on other teams. Imagine if Larry Jones ever played for the Mets? He would make the “THAT guy?” list. These are guys that may have had their hey-day with another team, or may have been a return on investment for another player, and he never amounted to much with the Mets (which happens more often than we care to admit, right?). Or simply you just wonder why the Hell he was ever on this team.
3. Dump the vegetables in with the chicken.
Ironically, people who do not know me as well as she does think I have a very good memory because I always remember their birthdays. But this is because I write everything which seems likely to be important down in a diary which I always carry around with me. I once lost it for two days and virtually needed psychological counselling.
I hope you enjoyed seeing my capsule and reading the recap! Please let me know if you have any questions. Thanks for reading if you made it this far!
he worked hard all his life and he was of course rewarded. He prospered
original source- White cake adapted from Betty Crocker, other components adapted from Mels friend, Reyna M.
The Master Bath:﻿ ﻿
the more you know about them, the more you start to pick up on little things (personality traits even) that can bother you.
Mother: Priscilla, are you going to blog about this? LOL.
I made a card using Sesame Street Seasons.
Fais fu d'un mult gentil vassal;
1. In Which We Stockpile Hope by Auburn Meadow Farm. This brilliant method of straining then freezing tomato puree saves both time and energy.
* Strawberry shortcake for dessert tonight. I loved using this particular recipe
For she soon realises that it is not just her mother she needs to save ...but also herself.
Who is this juggernaut? Boarman's Market in Highland. Rte 216's answer to one-stop shopping. Check out the video. Definitely check it out for the butcher, the house-made sausage, the crab cakes and more.
tuneless renderings it is, to me, Inaudible.
Everyone has a right to date whomever they want to without judgment, however that is just not where society or reality is at these days so I cannot stress enough the importance of living your life in a way that makes YOU happy without worrying about what your friends or neighbors will think.
Eventime, we went visiting all the neighbours who had a ‘perantam’ (telugu). Basically we have a darshan of the Devi in their houses and the ladies of that house load us with coconuts and soaked unhusked channal dal seeds (sometimes raw, sometimes sprouted and cooked). They give us bangles and betel leaves, areca nuts and kumuma and pasupu (turmeric). . There is singing in some houses.
I’d be interested to know if there are earworms that get to everyone – leave me a comment with your least favourite! Now then, everyone sing with me:
Other than that, I’ve been practicing my singing while I work, I’m preparing to display and share my talents sometime in the next month or so down in Venice Beach, CA. I’ll post details when I have a firm date of when I’ll be there.
Like so many, Dave looks forward to graduation but with reservations. He writes: “The best part is having more free time to do things I couldn’t during the busy semesters. The worst part of graduating is leaving behind the incredible people I met here that helped me along the way. This summer I am working some odd summer jobs to save money in hopes of living out west for a year. My passion is snowboarding, and I would like to experience the best mountains in this country before I get locked down from nine to five.”
You: (typing) Google… search… chinese history!
I have a dear scrapbooking friend who is loaded with papercrafting talent. She's a busy mom, a devoted wife, a keeper of all things sacred, and bakes a mean chocolate chip cookie. Where in her busy life she found time to write a novel is beyond me. But she did. And it is one of the most beautiful, captivating, well-written stories of hearts that are lost and found again, relationships that are restored and hurts that are mended, all interconnected by a scrapbook.
We even had a little time to horse around before the first finishers came across the line. Kerri and I were both supposed to run the half marathon and both of us had to drop out. We were not going to leave until we had an action shot of crossing the finish line. Yes, people thought we were nuts. Eh...I figured I just paid $80 bucks for that picture.
She is maintaining a happy home for her husband and her children.
In a medium bowl, combine butter and sugar using an electric mixer on medium-high speed until soft and fluffy. Add the mashed lentils and vanilla bean paste. Mix until combined.
Conformity and stating the fucking obvious was never part of my game
From Kansas City! Which we drove to! Which takes 12 hours in a car if you DON'T have youngish children with unpredictable toileting needs! Because then it takes 14 hours! And if your tiny little wagon-car is full of Christmas presents to the point of absurdity, it turns out it's really really cramped and uncomfortable!
This is not a magic bullet. Langer conducted a further study where she upped the number of pages to be Xeroxed from 5 to 20. And in that situation, the times when a nonsensical reason was given for pushing in line got no more people to agree than the times when no reason was given. Conversely, when the reason of being in a hurry was given, it doubled the number of people who agreed.
I've loved this song for many, many years. I hope you enjoy my version of it. Only a very short post tonight, as it's almost midnight and we have to be up extra early in the morning to start on the way to Iowa for my graduation! More tomorrow!
And being Arsenal, those misses were duly punished. Little surprise as Crouch buried his header, Szczesny well beaten as the lanky striker was not put under enough pressure to divert his connection.
Catch ya later friends! Have a fantastic weekend!
What witchcraft is this? the tiny groove, the texture, is a code.
Secondly, this band (2GHz) allows for denser cell spacing which means more ‘bits per user’ is possible (also argument for the importance/value of the band used by Clearwire/WiMAX http://www.forbes.com/sites/joanlappin/2011/08/19/everybody-covets-that-clearwire-spectrum/print/, but that’s another story…). The 2GHz band frequencies travel a shorter distance which is what allows the tighter spacing and better frequency reuse within the band. If Sprint were not so cash strapped, they would jump on the bandwagon (IMHO).
i’m not certain of what lies ahead for both of us but i’m certain that i can stand through it as long as you’re here.
We think Wilma looks just beautiful in her new collar, don't you?
I recently used a situation for personal gain.
· Did you ever think that Luke Kuechly had NFL potential while he attended St. X?
Here’s the Iron City Brewing website. Maybe I should submit a picture of me drinking this beer for their photo contest. (Maybe I should send them a dry cleaning bill as a result of having violently ejected said beer onto my Sunday church clothes.)
Another former high-ranking military officer was arrested in Turkey the week before last. General Ilker Basbug is the most senior officer so far to face trial in a series of investigations into alleged anti-government plots. He is also charged with ‘running a terrorist organisation’, although the Government is predictably vague on what or where it is.
The night he fell, he died the warrior’s way.
I think that everything on the menu was priced fairly. The puffs, are priced at P45 and P55, depending on flavor. They also sell boxes of their mini-puffs but their headboard menu didn’t include the price. If I’m not mistaken, it was 179 for 15 mini-puffs. I didn’t expect it, but they also served pizza for the same price as the cream puffs, P45 – P55. We asked which one’s the best seller and they recommended NY Cheesecake which was a premium flavor so it’s P55. Together with the best seller, we ordered the Chewy Original, a deluxe flavor for P45, Twisted Pepperoni pizza for P45, Meaty of the Minds for P55, Just Lemon Iced Tea for P45, and Wicked Watermelon P55.
The NEW sizes added to the range are as follows:
The tongues are the issue, and the ways of using them. My friend’s reaction wasn’t all that different from the ones that other recorded voices were found to trigger. Granted, we’re talking about different languages in one case, and about different language varieties in another, but the bad blood towards otherness, with or without intelligible words, flares up as heatedly.
But who would contend for the pre-existence of Jeremiah and other believers because the language employed states that God knew them before they were born? Similarly, the language of John 17:5 must be understood in terms of this background. Unless the principle is recognized that God “calleth those things which be not as though they were” (Rom. 4:17), confusion will result in Biblical interpretation, as it does with the wrested pre-existence interpretation given to this passage in John’s gospel.
My friend Kim is a very funny and very talented writer and blogger and an equally frazzled parent. Like the rest of us, she knows a good dessert when she sees one. Well…when she makes one. Because she made this up, people. I’ve badgered her into letting me post this delectable treat on my blog, and I’m just leaving it all in her words. They were good to begin with.
Sorry for the anti-climactic story but it reminded me to K.I.S.S. it (keep it simple stupid!) when I was overthinking a problem during the week while swimming some laps.
The hated groups are not satisfied with their lot in life, instead they go out and strive for more possessed of the peculiar belief that they can rise above their station in life through hard work and ingenuity. Their neighbors rarely appreciate this attitude. In their world someone who has more than they do probably stole it from them. And when they booze up and riot, they're only getting back what's rightfully theirs.
So here’s what I do on my own numerous motorway trips in Maharashtra, India. Even though I had been staying powered, We clicked! I engaged because I loved your view as a result of the windscreen. I clicked because I wished to catch this beauty on the rolling hills, the actual cotton clouds, your sunshine, this shadows, the actual rain, the particular mist and also frequently, I would recognize human being attack in nature’s landscape- emblems regarding individual callousness in addition to often even man splendour.
We'll, it's turned out to be a huge success with some tweaking along the way...like the kids requesting private time to work on the challenge rather than feeling the competition of working on it together, for instance, which took away from the fun of the individual challenge. This is the most recent challenge Jim brought home for the kids, "The Impossible Domino Challenge," and the one that's most lent itself to a blog post. The upper photo was Emily's first attempt, while the lower photo is Julia's solution. After a few tears but shear determination (Jules has the patience of Job, and always has!), Julia was the first to get it to work. Well, actually, this is Julia's second successful building, but the first to stay up long enough to take a photo, and in fact to stay up long enough for her father to get home from work and see it with his own eyes.
If you are concerned about spam or unwanted comments, then comment moderation will allow you to protect your blog, having Word Verification in place will not do so. It's easy to switch off, but rather than go over it again I suggest you go check out this excellent post on Ashley's blog. My thanks to Ashley for allowing me to link to her.
I am a little concerned for her as we have a family of stoats in the garden at the moment.
I need manicured nails raking my back
(Note: If anyone does happen to possess an incredible, simple recipe for meatballs that don’t turn into crumbles, I’d love to try it!)
I have seen these "urns or buckets" all over blogland. I have no clue what they are for, someone told me they are used to keep Champagne or wine on ice. I don't know. My husband and I do not drink, nor do we serve alcohol when we entertain.
There's:
Good Luck!
The Orpheum was packed for the show. Ed Sheeran is a young gentleman from the UK via Hollywood (or vise versa? He was born in the UK, but moved to LA). There was a considerable amount of hype surrounding this folky-hip hoppstery-beat boxer (seriously he does a variety of things). Immediately I ran into a group of girls excited for Ed! His show was exceptional… I’d say my biggest concern was that it was too short. I’d be surprised if he played more than 4 songs. You can tell he is young and enjoying the crowds. He is still learning how to handle the huge audience… Musically; he was on-point.
A few weeks ago, Josh and I decided it was time to start trying for another baby. In the past I have gotten pregnant very easily, and after four pregnancy tests this time, I was disappointed that I wasn't yet. Though I had given it very little time, I expected it to happen right away because of my past experience.
A spokesperson for the Palestinian Union of Agricultural Work Committees, which works to improve the conditions of Palestinian agricultural communities, said: “Israeli agricultural export companies like Mehadrin profit from and are directly involved in the ongoing colonisation of occupied Palestinian land and theft of our water. Trade with such companies constitutes a major form of support for Israel’s apartheid regime over the Palestinian people, so we warmly welcome this principled decision by the Co-operative. The movement for boycotts, divestment and sanctions (BDS) against Israel until it complies with international law is proving to be a truly effective form of action in support of Palestinian rights.”
He pulled at his costume, a silver skeleton painted on black velvet. The wind flapped the robe against his legs, furiously. His white mask felt too tight. There was no going back, especially now.
I can only hope he’s inching closer and closer to a start – if for the sole reason of getting either Sweeney or Byrd off the field.
Today we finalize the adoption..
It's a broader view. It's seeing with His eyes, which through the power of the Holy Spirit, is possible.
The General Judiciary Police Commissariat received a request from the Portuguese authorities to verify that information
A little tip I used to pass on was that wherever you end up, if you can find a signpost or some kind of something to say where you are.. take a picture of it. Keep it in order with your pictures. Because when you get back to where you started, you may have forgotten where you’ve been!
Global box office revenue from 3D screens recorded over $6.1 billion in 2010, more than double the same total in 2009.
I hope everyone has a fantastic weekend! :)
And as I looked at my craft table, I realized I have way too much to the point where things are collecting dust and those things that I just "had" to have are forgotten.
If you have any questions, please comment here and I will add responses to this post as they come up! Or come visit me at my blog here.
Wheat beer pours oange and smooth from the bottle to the plastic cup. Serious head on this one but a regular beer smell (if there is such a thing). The head is a little lacy. Some sweetness in the smell if I really try. Not bad. Medium-full body with hints of orange. I'm not a fan of the 60 second bitter aftertaste this one has. Though it has medium hops. I now step outside the hotel room. The hops makes it a slightly different experience for a wheat beer, and I can dig it. It definetly refreshes one at 95 degree heat. It still feels smooth, though no new flavors are coming out, save MAYBE a slight spiciness.
At Cornerstones there’s nothing that gives us more happiness than placing our authors with agents and seeing them go on to get a publishing deal. Whilst what we do is rewarding in so many ways – helping authors find their way forward when they’ve got stuck with a story, shaping promising manuscripts into something that’s really dazzling – publication is everybody’s long term goal and it’s what we’re all working towards. So why do we always feel kind of sad when it happens?
strange language to describe sounds to musicians or engineers, like
On 10th May our voice will be heard loud and clear. I look forward to seeing you on the march.
I'm not in the UK, can I still join in?
This is what passed for wisdom when we last met. We are watching intently the 1350 level on the S&P 500. The bulls need to hold the lows of April…If we hold we could consolidate and move higher still but corporate earnings will have to cooperate. This morning’s reaction in the futures is muted as bellwethers Exxon and UPS slightly disappoint and Spain seems to be imploding again. We were actually disappointed in the market’s finish yesterday and we may be in for more of the same consolidating back and forth as April comes to a close. There is a natural inclination for market pros to sit back for the summer months and take some profits as the weaker seasonal period begins. 1350 on the S&P will continue to be watched closely as the summer heat may help flare things up among Europe’s working class or more precisely non working class. Ireland’s referendum on the EU’s latest is looking like anything but a sure thing and the French elections promise to have exciting moments.
Wednesday - work
Jl. Melawai Raya No. 28 Kebayoran Baru, Jakarta Selatan 12160
All in all, we stayed there for around 2 or 3 hours. I’d have stayed longer if I could have, to take advantage of the sun going down and use the light to my advantage, but I broke rule number 2, and was forced to leave lol
As a reader, I try to support authors by buying new books. And I shop in indie bookstores because I do care about where my money goes after I spend it. But the truth is, I have only a little discretionary income. I don't want to be guilt-tripped into spending my money in certain places. Indie bookstores who talk like they're nonprofits ("Support us!") only grate on my nerves. They're not nonprofits. They're businesses.
Have you surrendered your ears and eyes to the Lord today – to hear what He wants you to hear, and to see what He wants you to see? The surrender of my body and the renewal of my mind are daily requirements.
This smug hypocrisy brought Ralegh to his feet. 'Call you this an equal yoke, when a poor man pays as much as a rich? His estate may be no better than he is assessed at, while our estates are entered as 30 or 40 pounds in the Queen's books -- not the hundredth part of our wealth!' His outrageous frankness over this unfair advantage given to his own class, shocked his opponents. His final blow demolished them: 'It is neither sweet nor equal.'
“The Reuters caption emphasizes the fact that the image is a frame grab ‘from an IDF video showing what the IDF says is a pro Palestinian activist hitting Israeli soldiers with a club-like object’.”
I can probably guess which one it is. No judgement here people...I'm on this journey too!
First thing I made was homemade applesauce in the crockpot. Mmmmmmm..... yummy! No sugar needed. Peel, core, slice and fill the crockpot up to the top. I sprinkle cinnamon on the apples and let the crock do the rest. About 14 hrs. later it's saucy goodness. Make sure to give it a stir occasionally.
There was still no "Thank you" forthcoming. However what he said next made up for it because it's made me smile every time I think about it for the past few days...
Galinsky said one issue in the film, not so clear in the first third, is “how we process media… how things are mediated for us. …It’s really about learning to pay attention.”
The RIDN program has a number of unique features, including the use of a third-party organization to vet applications for their scholarship recipients. Because of the overall high cost of the program, however, the committee did not feel that the benefit of these scholarships was as great as other similar programs on the Island. Nevertheless, the committee wished to provide some funding to the organization to permit some participation by Island residents in their program.
When we have sex before developing intimacy, then all we have is just sex.Does this
This unit was one that I picked up from BuRock after he got it from a huge eBay lot. Thankfully he was quite nice to me and gave them to for quite cheap.
