Each piece has been lovingly crafted by hand and each design is limited to only a few pieces. Made from fabrics and subtle embellishments, it’s jewellery as you have never seen it before. Our collection is available in two color palettes- bright and metallic; each piece paying tribute to the tribe it is named after. These pieces add a touch of royalty and drama wherever they go and beautifully complement our ‘From India with Love’ collection.
I had to pop out for a couple of hours (hubby left in charge) when I got back I started to notice quite a few items missing from around the place & it was very quiet so I opened up the rumpas room doors to find there creation.
In light of the weekend celebration at my house, my Saturday and Sunday posts may or may not happen. Enjoy your weekend!
Reduce. Re-use. Recycle. I used the paper the pins came on and glued those to the canvas. Didn't even tear them or cut them just used as they came.
On to the fun part about Brew Day. I now have my brew system down pretty well. I still always make adjustments if needed for mash temperature or boiling time depending on my extract. But this time it was on another level. I had friends help me brew my last batch and of course I had them do the crappy job of emptying the mash tun. Well, they emptied everything including my copper manifold. It was my fault for not warning them or checking for the manifold after cleaning. I did not realize this until I was just about to mash in for this current batch. So what do I do now?
Teams from all over the country have descended on Fabens Park in Huron and Vermilion high school for the ninth annual Dawg Daze softball tournament.
Were these gentlemen wondering why I, an able-bodied man, was doing (heaven forfend) woman’s work?
In 1876–77, JB Turner is trading as a spirit dealer at No. 6. Cooper & Co are a tea merchant at No. 12.
~Allison
Needless to say, I’m very cautious of my children’s vision. My daughter nickname is “Hawk eyes”. I’m not joking, her eyes are that good!! That being said, she loves playing games that have to do with her vision.
There is a tendency among modern theologians to “divide the Substance” of the Godhead (cf. the warning against this in the Athanasian Creed) by positing such independence and equality of the Persons of the Trinity that we can no longer conceive of them as being one God. Some modern theologians have little use for the term ὁμοούσιος (“one essence”), and they cannot abide the idea that there is any ontological priority of the Father in the Trinity, because this is too “hierarchical” and “patriarchal” for our egalitarian age. The Son and the Spirit must be made totally equal to the Father in all respects, even if it means making them into three Gods. This trend is largely driven by liberal theologians who favor the new “social Trinity” concept (Moltmann being prominent among them), which imagines the Trinity to be like a voluntary society of persons who are not ontologically connected.
Stamp is Bunnies in Love from Liliofthevalley
Lewis Schaffer – Proud and Free charmianpoems
I got some reactions from friends who were inquiring about the origin of the phrase GOING DUTCH. So I googled and here's what I found:
Marilyn Gallas I can't say that I have a particular style. I'm really self-taught. The most important thing for me is color and texture. I love trying new techniques and I try out new ideas from Cloth Paper Scissors and Somerset Studio plus the many books I have purchased. I'm also influenced by others' blogs and websites. Great contributions are there from many different artists with different styles.
Now to the Father and the Son,
Everything Catherine Ringer does in this film flies in the face of conventional porn thinking. Every mannerism and every gesture seems to have been filtered through Catherine's unique point-of-view. I'm not entirely sure of how much input she had when it came time flesh out her character, but I like to think that Lasse Braun tried to nurture her creativity–you know, as opposed to stifling it. Moving from the rooftop to a more discrete location, Martine and Gilda take their sappho indoors with a spot of cunnilingus. Rocking back and forth on a hammock, Gilda, who's all but naked expect for a pair of strappy high heel shoes, hurls the moist contents of her mouth-watering crotch in the direction of Martine's smiling face (you'd be smiling too if you saw what was coming toward her French gob every two to three seconds).
JJ: Yes, because it’s one consciousness—the narrator’s—being impinged upon by the different events, and he wants to work them out, to make a whole. He’s trying to draw a map of his imaginative world, which, when you think about it, is the only world we have to exist in. And so he furnishes it out. He explores crannies.
Last summer I went for a walk in the old cemetery of my hometown and found these statues of Angels. When I looked at them, I realized that my brother is not gone but is here with me in a shape of an Angel. He has been by my side all these years, guiding and loving me as he used to. God didn’ take him away. Instead, He gave my brother a new assignment to be my Guardian Angel. There are Angels among us!
judge the interior of a house based on the way it looks from the outside...
"This food tastes of plutonium," Tom said glowingly.
“Why don’t we just refinish it?” Bruce asked.
US$500,000 — This is what Beyonce and Jay-Z are paying the nanny who they personally selected for daughter Blue Ivy Carter
Sadly, almost everybody in Nigeria has become a whinger, reacting mostly in written words against the lackadaisical way the government is handling especially this issue of security.
but your brain & nerves in your body quit communicating.
“Da Hah be praised,” Roy said, worried about his daughter.
Of course, West delivers most of his lines so slowly you’ll swear the movie is ten minutes longer than it needs to be just for all of the extra time he needs to get his lines out.
Any defects to the buildings or threats to public safety appear to be consistent with conditions found at countless other buildings in New York City. Such defects can be safely stabilized with commonly-used repair measures.
“We’re proud to welcome yet another one of the state’s emerging and innovative Craft distilleries to the KDA,” said Jeff Conder, Chairman of the KDA Board of Directors and Vice President of Americas Operations for Beam, Inc. “Our Craft members are an important part of our organization, and we look forward to working with them to promote and protect our signature Bourbon and distilled spirits industry,” Conder said.
Costello will perform with his band the Imposters, and this brings back memories for us of his rise to stardom many years ago. We still enjoy listening occasionally to a Costello album or two.
o Invest in yourself instead of worrying what change will “do to you”
A story, in the Evening Chronicle in November 1984, showed grave robbers had plundered family crypts which had lain undisturbed for more than 130 years.
- A 7.5% Federal Excise Tax.
Paid off our Camry
The tent was gigantic and beautiful. There was just a constant din of noise even when the band wasn't playing. But as soon as the music started all 6,000 people inside started to sing and bang steins and stand on their benches. Controlled mayhem as I've never encountered. I literally had bruises on both my hands from holding heavy steins all night.
Bit of bark off me... and her. She did have a bit of a tyre track on her back and some fur missing from her leg. Sorry Pooch!!!
President Barack Obama met Saturday with Republican and Democratic leaders — but only briefly— the day after House Speaker John Boehner abruptly broke off his own once-promising compromise talks with the White House. Staff members kept up detailed efforts.
Step 2. Based on your Product Line Metrics Matrix determine where each product line falls on the Product life-cycle curve – introduction, growth, maturity, and decline.
The index for consumer foods inched up slightly (+0.1% SA), its fifth consecutive monthly increase. Higher fresh egg (+18%) and poultry (+4.8%) prices were offset by lower red meat (-4.3%), vegetable (-4.2%), fruit (-2.9%), fish (-2.8%) and dairy (-2.7%) prices.
Let’s call a truce. Let’s work hard this week so we can designate this weekend for rest and relaxation. But I can’t do it alone. I challenge each of you to limit your emails this weekend to urgent communication only. Ask yourself, “Can it wait until Monday?” And then get out there and enjoy an entire Saturday and Sunday to yourself. Lock your email, just as you would your office door, at 5pm on Friday and open it again Monday at 9am. I promise you that calling a Two Day Truce, won’t result in the demise of your business, but more likely will result in allowing others to also reclaim the respect for their own weekend.
Floppy, stinky—what’s acceptable about this plant? (The dainty variety with small white flowers is OK.)
So, for the past 9 weeks I have been doing the Bar Method. I participated in their 3/60 program which documented 3 individuals on their journey through the method over the course of 60 days. The program required that we attend class 3-5 days a week and then share our weekly experience. I have to say, it has been the best thing I have done through this entire pregnancy. Although my stomach isn't shrinking (obviously), I feel like I have really toned up my arms and have kept everything else "in check" over the past few months.
That is why I am absolutely smitten with an article that has cropped up on The Daily Beast this week. The article, entitled “Tax Me For F@%&’s Sake“, is written by King and, as the title suggests, is an attempt by the multi-millionaire author to get the United States government to tax people at the proper rate. The fact that it is also an overt attack on one of the most famous under-taxed individuals who also happens to be a major party’s nominee for President of the United States is just a bonus for me.
by Tess Anderson
So why are AV and seat reductions lumped together? Because the Tories know the referendum on AV is going to fail, but that will not affect the reduction in seats (which is not subject to a referendum). At the same time, linking the two reduces attention on the reduction in MPs’ numbers and allows the government to paint Labour as hypocritical blockers of electoral reform when they oppose the Bill.
Even though I can't feel or experience my bliss of acting right now, I know it will come. Dreams must never be forgotten or sacrificed by settling for less. Hold onto hope and stay there. Let it carry you upstream and nurture you back to a healthy state of optimism and belief that you deserve better.
But back to life, back to reality and back to non Romeo and Juliet tumultuous hormone driven love from the 90's. These days, I'd like my love with a side of stability please and I'm willing to do what it takes to get there. Though the dramatic parts certainly encompassed a large sector of my life and, while it's been a while since I've bled a pen dry with longing over some boy in a journal, I sometimes read over my piles of notebooks in gestures of humility, thought provocation, and, often, amusement. I quoted Shakespeare, wrote poems, stated, in all truth and belief to myself, that I felt I would die without X,Y, or Zach. But for all that adolescent heartbreak and handwritten drama, I still don't know what actually made my heart go thump-thump.
Here comes HHH, followed by Punk.
blow away like pink petals
1x corked bottle of George Gale Prize old Ale, brewed in 1960's
· Must possess strong communication, presentation and negotiation skills. Strong time management skills for managing multiple, diverse and conflicting activities are required.
and information on all sorts of things
I've been spending every Tuesday (and Thursday. And most Wednesdays too) with her for the last few months and am slowly getting back to where I was many moons ago.
The Guardian (2003)
And I wanted to break, so desperately.
The story is, that the original Bodhi tree, at Bodh Gaya, was destroyed during a holy war between Hindu and Muslim armies, however, a cutting taken from the tree growing at Anuradhapura was replanted there. Allowing a the Bodhi tree to thrive there to this day.
The back garden is certainly looking tidier, and the turf laying exercise that went on has definitely transformed it. However the female majority of the household has expressed disquiet that the turf laid completely fails to match the existing grass but Husband has assured the Doubting Thomasinas that within weeks it will have all merged and they won’t be able to tell the difference – I’m actually running a private book on that one if anyone would like to join me in a small Father's Day bet.
Almighty God is that conscious power which pervades the gigantic cosmos both internally and externally. Apart from his other innumerable activities God is responsible for the smooth functioning of cosmic activities. Only God can conjoin the inert material nature with consciousness in the human body and other creatures. Thus came into being Prakriti (inert nature) and Purusha (conscious power). This world is nothing but a combination of matter and conscious energy. Our desires, yearnings, aspirations etc are limited within the periphery of this world. Our intellect has been designed in such a way that it can think and make apt conclusions only within the limits of the known and yet undiscovered aspect of the world.
Now I'm 21 years, I might make 22
Chloe is to much of a sister and at times she is just a bit to confusing. Plus her role protecting Clark would be complicated if the were involved.
Road trips are another “must” here down under.
Do you know how hard it is to just write and not edit and then the world see all of my flaws and typos and scattered thoughts?
Had a really lazy weekend, hubby clearing the loft and getting down Christmas lights. Apparently we are gong to have quite a show in our garden...That's why the fancy gazebo frame is still up! I hope the national grid can cope with the demand!!
LUK YUEN. In my regular order, I always have noodles on the table. Wanton noodles is okay since I enjoy the combination of noodles and dumplings. Luk Yuen’s wanton noodles is yummy na rin but not outstanding. I couldn’t help but compare it to Binondo’s Wan Chai that serves shui jiao (a special dumpling with prawns, chicken or pork, spring onions and mushroom) in their wanton noodles.
While vacationing on Mount Desert Island, Maine last summer, fog rolled in one afternoon. Out I went as an excited photographer ! I couldn’t wait to capture Bass Harbor and the lobster boats in their misty haze.
And housework too.
In addition to the food, our sessions were well-planned out. The main sessions included excellent speakers and a very blessed and God-exalting worship band. How they put all of this together... I don't know! But everything was done in a way to really bless all the women who attended. And I indeed felt blessed!
-Prior to her medical challenges, she was eating pretty much everything we eat in smaller portions. She has never had a problem with food!
And one more thing, America: stop with the anti-food-snood-élitiste rhetoric. You have every right not to vote for John Kerry because he speaks French. The guy gives off douchey vibes anyway. But as long as your diet consists primarily of condensed blocks of fat, sodium and sugar, you’re only going to come off like this brilliant Zach Galifianakis character:
A quick footnote on the Santander-St Jean de Luz stretch. You know that bit at the end of the Italian Job with the truck hanging over the side of mountain…that’s the kind of thing that is par for the course on that stretch of road.
The plot, however, failed for me. I felt like Beth’s character, played by Taylor Schilling, didn’t have realistic reactions to what was going on. She was angry at Zac — I mean Logan — at times that I didn’t quite understand, but I’ve luckily never suffered the loss of someone so dear to me, so maybe it’s just not an emotional journey I understand. I wasn’t as connected to this movie as I am other of his works… I didn’t even remotely feel like crying once.
Happy Monday...I hope you had a WONDERFUL holiday!!! I'll be back soon with some fun projects to share! ;-)
I’ve been in situations at work where I needed a text list of file and folder names in a directory.
(Sidebar: I’m wondering if Twitter’s popularity will also hasten its demise. By that, I mean you see everyone posting this and that, and it’s hard not to feel… irrelevant. And once you feel irrelevant, you start to tune out. Just a thought.)
Of the other writers featured—Junot Diaz, Philip Pullman, Lev Grossman & Sophie Gee, et cetera—the only other one to have written comics is Jonathan Lethem, who of course wrote Omega: The Unkown for Marvel Comics in 2007-2008 (against the express wishes of Omega: The Unknown co-creator Steve Gerber), and is enough of a comics fan that you’ll see him providing the occasional blurb or introduction to a graphic novel or collection.
One update. I have created a Polls page where I will be gathering feedback from you, the reader, on occasion. For convenience, I am also including the two polls I have already made. To everyone who reads this, I would be EXTREMELY appreciative if you could fill out these polls. It will only help me to improve the blog. Thank you as always for reading, and now, to reward myself for finishing this post, I’m going to watch the newest Game of Thrones episode. – Kit
It is almost as good as a government credit guarantee.
“You will be known and feared by all, Manfred,” continued Zanashet. “Songs will be written about you and you will know many victories. You will live until May strikes 12 o’clock. That is all.”
But it’s not my album.
NAMA hasn’t made any announcement but at this stage you would have expected NAMA to be directly managing the loan.
The Lower North Fork Fire was a man-made disaster with dire consequences. It so happens that the men that made this disaster were government employees. This throws a wrench into the settlement process. For those of you that aren’t aware, when the government, whether it be local, state, or federal, screws up and things get destroyed and people die, there is a limit to their liability.
* The specification stated that, in a "final process step" the coating was fused to the board by further heating. Accordingly it was not until that step, which consisted only of further heating, that the coating was fused to the board. Having regard to the way in which the process was described in the specification, the skilled reader would conclude that the fusion took place by the action of heat alone. Thus Mann J was right on that point too.
April 9, 2012
I had a great time at the party. All my mom friends overwhelmed me with compliments about how great I look. It felt good to be recognized for all the hard work. I've still got a ways to go in my brain catching up with my body but I'm working on it. One of my friends gave me a workout outfit that doesn't fit her (Thanks Jackie!). The top is too small for me but the shorts are great. And hopefully the top will fit eventually. I got home a bit after 10pm and pretty much went straight to bed.
The best book I read this year was Austerlitz by W.G. Sebald, a work that set the tone for my life this year as well as my literary wanderings. When engaging Sebald’s work, it is impossible to tell what is fabricated and what is not. Actually, Sebald’s main character Austerlitz seems more real to me than any of the non-fictional characters I read this year, his melancholy is real and significant, his memories more intense and present than my own. Sebald, the narrator, introduces us to Austerlitz, an historian of architecture who was displaced by World War II, and we follow his story as the narrator discovers it, all the while being presented with beautiful, enigmatic uncaptioned photographs in the text. We find a torn, devastated Europe still capable of bringing forth moments of sublime transcendence.
The baby has notching (mild) on the right uterine artery. I thought something was wrong because she had a lot of trouble with it. However, the other US tech and my peri confirmed it. My peri told me that combined with my history that means I will definitely have issues whether it be PIH or PE. Most likely PE. However, I have been through it before. She told me I have excellent doctors and that they would be aggressive in managing me and would be watching me like a hawk. They know that I am more at risk. She didn't go into all of the whole notching thing with me. I know some about it. I know it is an increased risk because the placenta doesn't get enough bloodflow. From the research that I did today, she must have seen the notching and saw a higher resistance index. So I need to ask my ob what the resistance index was. Or maybe I'll call and ask them how high the resistance index was. The good news is it was only the right side and the left side looked great. If it was bilateral it would be much much worse. She said her hope was to get me to 35 weeks to deliver with my dr at my hospital. My hopes are much higher, oh say 37 weeks or maybe God willing 40 weeks. My girls were a good size, so she is hoping this baby will be too. She is pleased that my ob cut my work in Buffalo to only 3 days a week stick with that for now. I told her I had planned to be able to go out on leave at 26ish weeks because that is when they said I would probably go out on bedrest. I was all set up for it. She said GREAT. So it looks like this baby will probably be coming in early January. I hope not. I want to stay pregnant as long as possible. My bp was 122/74 in the office. My ob and I have a LOT to discuss in 2 weeks. I will be making my list for him. She said the good news was, I am not advanced maternal age (hooray, yeah I only made that cutoff by 2 months), I am not diabetic. These are very good things. She asked about protein when Kirsten and Sara was born. I told her with Sara it was hit or miss. Trace here, negative here, 1+ here. Negative at delivery by dipstick. With Kirsten it was over 5000 mgs. She said Kirsten was definitely severe preeclampsia. I said that's what my paperwork says. She said with my history and the notching I will definitely get sick. It just depends when. However, I knew this before getting pregnant. I also have excellent doctors. We will prepare for it and be ready.
Therefore, we returned to the metro at Pentagon City, found the train to Vienna, and rode a packed commuter train into the suburbs.
I know of the closure that let goes deep inside
Fast fashion or vintage?
The time leading up to and a little while after the main energy session can be a little bit like a roller coaster ride. You can feel very energized one day and then tired the next day as you release more toxins. Just realize that every time you don't feel good that it is a powerful time for healing and that you are raising the vibration of your energy system.
There is a genuine and living faith awaiting those believers who understand the New Covenant. To those who would seek to grasp its full meaning, the power in the New Covenant would mean the transformation of the entire life. Contained in an accurate understanding of the New Covenant is the full knowledge of what God wants to do for you, the assurance that it will be accomplished by God’s own authority/power and the natural inclination of being drawn to God Himself in personal surrender.
My mom (who was visiting my sister Jan this week) and Jan watched E. on Tuesday morning so I could go work in the shop.
I mean, it isn’t as if seeing your favorite team lose a game once in a while is the end of the world!
Top skirt pattern (shown in the lower right of the photo)
You can share your location and auto post this to everything incliuding Foursquare which ‘checks’ you in. You can also add who you are with, provided they too are on Path. I wonder if you can use an @mention, send it to Twitter and have the recipient get it in a mention? (Hmm, totally worth a try)
Culture Shock will be up and running May 4th through May 26th. Please keep in mind that there is a script gate at the landing point. Only 50 scripts or less must be worn in order to enter the event to help reduce lag.
Matte TD, Mulinare J, Erickson JD. Case-control study of congenital defects and parental employment in health care. Am J Ind Med 1993; 24: 11-23.
Scrub pines finally
In his 1979 encyclical Redemptor Hominis, Blessed John Paul II wrote:
Now that he taught us why we must sow in the spirit, what it means, and what we must ask ourselves daily in order to ensure that we do so, he addresses more about what it means we need to do specifically to sow in the Spirit.
"Every night we have some whole grains on the plate, we have fruit and vegetables, a lot of vegetables every single night, and a piece of lean protein," Kass says about the First Family's dinners. "It's a way of life."
As an officer of the Executive Council and Press Officer James will be tasked with acting as the primary press spokesman for the party, being responsible for developing the party’s media image and also training regional press spokespersons in presentation and speaking skills.
We really enjoyed this movie, which is about marriages in crisis and finding love in the ashes of life. Karah Johar (director of Kuch Kuch Hota Hai, Kabhi Khushi Kabhie Gham, Kal Ho Na Ho, and My Name is Khan), has an astute ear for the emotion of relationships and he does a beautiful job here of parsing out less attractive emotions, like bitterness, jealousy, and insecurity, which underlie the two troubled marriages that are the focus of the film.
(Photo, above: the beer board.)
As Pi’s story so powerfully illustrates, any belief in beauty and meaning in the universe requires a reconciliation with the apparent refutation one finds in the details of existence in the animal world. But even in nature, indisputably red in tooth and claw, one can, as Pi points out, find evidence of what he likes to think of as metaphysical evolution (as opposed to mere physical evolution) — moments of apparent madness, traces of inexplicable out-of-the-box behaviour that “moves life in strange, but saving ways.” A son of a zookeeper, he draws his evidence from that milieu, citing cases of animals forming strange friendships or alliances, which are inexplicable in terms of the behavioural repertoire for the species. As one particular example, he cites the case of a mouse, dropped as food, into a zoo display of vipers, which, unlike all antecedent mice, remained untouched by any of the snakes, and was allowed to build a nest and carry on with the business of being a mouse, in their presence, for a period of several weeks before a young viper (who apparently didn’t know any better) bit and killed the mouse, which was then devoured by an older snake. OK, the example wasn’t perfect, Pi says, but “I’m sure even the adult viper, as it swallowed the mouse, must have felt somewhere in its undeveloped mind, a twinge of regret, a feeling that something greater was just missed, an imaginative leap away from the lonely, crude reality of a reptile.”
The boxer came to the enlightenment of his true connection to the world.
I will be taking a bit of a break from blogging during August for health reasons. I'm going into the hospital for surgery in a few days.
*Heat jelly over low heat, adding water. Bring to a rolling boil. Set aside.
It stood white against the sky,
We are completely psyched for summer, and it’s just around the corner! We hope you’re right there with us!
Guess what we did for another hour on Tuesday?!
That’s it. My Alpaca just came out of the dryer and I need to use the potty.
Pour three cups of water into a small saucepan and place over a moderate heat. Tip in one cup of medium oatmeal and bring to the boil, stirring constantly. As soon as the porridge starts to blip, add half a teaspoon of salt. Continue stirring until the porridge has been cooking for a total time of 5 minutes. Tip into warm bowls. Have a bowl of cold milk or cream ready. Lift a spoonful of hot porridge and dip it into the cold milk or cream and eat.
April is the cruellest month, breeding
Recent stories about Republican presidential candidate Rick Santorum kept mentioning that one of his cardinal sins, according to competing candidates, is that he once cast a vote in favor of Congressional funds supporting the Sparta Teapot Museum in North Carolina.
4 natural
WOW!!! At the first sign of 60 degrees outside, we broke out of our indoor activity slumber and burst onto the scenes at Clemyjontri Park in McLean, Virginia. Only 25 minutes from Silver Spring, MD., this park is an amazing way to spend time outside. The park is completely handicap accessible, and the entire park is on rubber mats which makes it safe and fun for kids of all ages. Not only was it safe, but the park was also huge and provided tons of options for our kids to play on.
In a large bowl, combine 2 pounds of ground meat, 1 cup fresh (not dry) bread crumbs, 3/4 cup of grated parmesan cheese, a teaspoon of Oregano, half a teaspoon of Garlic Powder and a teaspoon each of salt & pepper.
Officials say the mother confessed to the attack after being confronted with autopsy results. She told deputies she was concerned about her son, but ate pizza and watched a movie with her boyfriend after the Monday night beating.
Robert Benson: Sure, people need Jesus, but most of the time, what they really need is for someone to be Jesus to them. If the Christ is to appear incarnate in this world these days, then it will be because we are Jesus to other people.
P.S. Remember that our challenge at Unstampabelles this month is all about Easter with a bonus entry for paper creations with more than one fold. We already have five entries and not one stamp used.
Charles Stokes is one of my favorite people in the world. He is a genius who happens to have cerebral palsy. Charles Stokes is a graduate of North Carolina Central University (Class of 1968). In the summer of 1968, Charles was accepted into a program at Harvard Divinity School for African American ministers involving the Psychology of Religion in 1968. He received a certificate for Forecasting Techniques Using SAS/ETS software, November 1994.
The hot pink peony has opened. It went from fairly tight bud to this in just a day. The pale pink ones are opening slowly but then they are much fuller flowers.
The idea is that people who already have approval to take in an overseas student for the "homestay" programme will volunteer to take in refugees instead.
I hope you all have a great weekend and leave those comments for your chance to win the Cricut Imagine.
Goldin’s self-portraits are titled such as:
The first couple had crossed the road by this time and did not notice that I was the taxi which had abandoned them a moment before.
13. Rudy (Sean Astin) – I’m a fan of the sports genre, especially underdogs.
And while you can pick up a blue diamond bauble for a mere $10 million, a yellow diamond, discovered in South Africa in 1877, is considered PRICELESS.
Hired a band, goodness sake
Comments can reach the writer at paulsir99@hotmail.com
"He's crapped his pants. Can you imagine? He'd been lying on the floor drinking. And she'd served him. "This is no good," I told him before the ambulance arrived. "This is beneath your dignity. Now pull yourself together. And do you know what your father said?" "Are you going to push me even deeper into the shit, Gunnar? Is that why you've come, to push me even deeper in the shit?...He destroyed everything. This house, her, himself. Everything. Everything."
Now on to what was included in the event. There are three rooms at the Mark...Mindy's team set up one room for the classroom and one room for the guests to have breakfast and lunch (both rooms decorated beautifully in white and tiffany blue.) Mindy brought in Revelry Decor to transform the last room from a raw space to a decked-out, gorgeous Mindy Weiss-style event. She allowed guests, most aspiring event planners, see that room transformed throughout the day. It was very neat and all of the guests were inspired.
That means that I can’t fire on those buildings. But they’re firing at me from those buildings. There are 20 children on the roof, and from the house the terrorists are firing. It’s the same in every house. If I can’t fire on any house because there are children on the roof, I have lost my capacity to protect myself. There is nothing I can do.
The break is mending to a pinpoint puncture
-- flat shoes for shopping ... stretchable fabrics ... steaks, brioche-based pies and cocktails ... mosquitos ...Google.
And no damn skin,
5. Spread the roasted eggplant evenly into a 13×9 inch baking dish (or 2 8×8 pans.) Spread the lamb filling over the eggplant, then pour the bechamel evenly over the top. (At this point the casserole can be covered and refrigerated for up to 2 days.)
For angels died where we have been,
This might be a good time to meet the villain from Night Walker. He’s extremely focused on his goals, and they’re not the goals his Monastery thinks they are…
We Virgos are known for our scepticism, so I don't use astrology to guide my own life. But in this increasingly rational, Richard Dawkins-style bureaucratic world, I am pleased to see people finding more imaginative ways to make sense of things. And I love the Gospels.
* California Technology and Administration Branch Finance * California Telecommunications Division * California Telephone Medical Advice Services (TAMS) * California Transportation Commission * California Travel and Transportation Agency * California Unclaimed Property Program * California Unemployment Insurance Appeals Board * California Unemployment Insurance Program * California Uniform Construction Cost Accounting Commission * California Veterans Board * California Veterans Memorial * California Veterinary Medical Board and Registered Veterinary Technician Examining Committee * California Veterinary Medical Board * California Victim Compensation and Government Claims Board * California Volunteers * California Voter Registration * California Water Commission * California Water Environment Association
You bet your ass. Teaching is damned hard. Classroom management is hard. Engaging one or two little brains that would rather be playing video games is hard; engaging 25 to 30 of them is all but impossible. Butting up against district policies that get in the way of that engagement is hard. Sacrificing class time to idiotic curriculum choices is hard. Hurting kids to make a living is hard (see the last paragraph on the first page of that link, which is the resignation letter of John Taylor Gatto, who at that time was NY State Teacher of the Year).
'Pensioner Sheila Vogel-Coupe offers sex as a "vintage vamp" under the name of Grand Dame Cecilia Bird and boasts she has clients in their twenties,' screamed the News of the World in their story wittily headlined 'Gum and get it'. The Sun calls her the '£250-an-hour crinkly tart' today in its customary cheapo recap of its sister paper's exclusives. The slag who wrote the Screws piece, Stephen Moyes, should get some special treatment for this delicious exposé - though of course karmically he's got something coming to him. Oh yes.
Their whole world gets turned upside down on this Christmas eve when their father takes them on a trip to the British museum. Suddenly, it seems their father is about to rob the museum. He enlists his children to stalk the curator (who has been nice enough to give them a private viewing of the ancient Egyptian artifact, the Rosetta stone.) and lock him in his office with a bike chain–which they do. But upon returning back to where their father is causing mischief (which they were expressly told not to do of course.) they discover it’s far more than a robbery. This story is woven with the careful pen of a magician–because it’s simply coated in magic and Egyptian fun facts. They quickly discover that their Father is actually an ancient Egyptian Magician, just in time to witness him trapped in a coffin by a demon-headed God, escaped from the now blown to smithereens, Rosetta stone. (Along with his four sibling Gods.)
Even though we had some minor mishaps it was a Blessing to be able to spend time with my family! I wanted to pop in on you guys yesterday but as you read I was Completely Swamped as I know you all were to! Thank You guys for stopping in I love You ALL and From My House to Yours we hope you had a Merry Christmas!!
Speak in front of a sizable crowd of people
Wright lost hundreds of thousands of dollars worth of apples and peaches Sunday morning when freezing temperatures killed the blossoms.
Here’s the article and a link to same!
an unimpressive flame.
Robert Chin, 33, New York, N.Y.
to a small 30.000 inhabitant farming town.
I have NO SHAME......
Also on CNNGo: World’s 50 best dive sites
In a press conference, IP Converge president Reynaldo Huergas expressed his optimism on Cebu’s economy – the reason they give high priority to Cebu for its expansion. In fact, Huergas announced that the company plans to invest up to P100 million pesos in Cebu early next year.
I'm a true traveller. Even when I'm home, I'm travelling at heart. I'm constantly looking at blog sites on travel and checking out the travel deals and you can be assured that I've got the travel and lifestyle channel on in the background. I'm fun, friendly and adventurous. I'm extremely passionate and driven and once I decide I'm doing something, there is no stopping me!
He saved the day (and my sanity). Not sure what he did as I got a phone call in the other room and he is on a conference call now. Memo to self: Ask him later.
This is not how the media have chosen to report events in Fiji, but it is what has actually happened, and we can see parallels to the Fiji experience all over the world, not least in Europe.
The only fly in the ointment of an otherwise excellent night was the Keg Caligula. It's a 6% Black IPA and I was expecting nice bold hops and some roasted, toasted malt but it was served just too cold for the flavours to come through. The temperature of the beer masked masked most of the taste. All I really got was cold and wet.
P.S. - If you didn't catch the three song references other than my song of the day, here they are - "Rock and Roll Never Forgets" by Bob Seger (Sweet sixteen's turned 31), "Cherry Bomb" by John Mellencamp (Seventeen has turned 35/ I'm surprised that we're still living), and "I Could'a Been a Contender" by The Gaslight Anthem (And of the few things I am certain/ I'm the captain of my burden). Just had to throw those in!
13.- Kronic Braggart - Produced by Tonedeff
Where, dark against the green and blue,
They didn't give the date of the show. Sincere thanks to jonicont for the upload in 2007 and to Leatherlips for the re-seed in 2010. Someone kindly created artwork the last time this was up. It is included.
The colloque went very well, with some very interesting and stimulating papers from some of my fellow Burgessians, including Alan Shockley, Katherine Adamson, Jonathan Mann, Anthony Levings and Aude Haffen. Gareth Farmer's paper was a tour-de-force worth a listen. Andrew Biswell, doyen of Burgess studies, and director of the IABF presented a paper in his usual urbane manner. It was a great pleasure to meet and indeed eat with Charles Nicholl, our keynote speaker, and the distinguished author of The Reckoning, source of most of the information in my paper. If you haven't read The Reckoning, you really should - it's a detailed and fascinating account of the Elizabethan spy world. Charles's later book, The Lodger, on Shakespeare's time in London, also displays the depth of his learning, but in a very accessible way. All the talks were recorded, so I'm hoping some will be on the Angers web site soon.
Kelly will be on a blog tour beginning Monday, August 29, come celebrate SEWING WITH OILCLOTH with her. Tune into her first stop at Wiley Craft to be eligible for a fun giveaway -- one lucky winner will get a prize pack of all the fabric you need to make a Farmers Market Tote and a copy of the book! Good luck to all!
1 ½ tsp. baking powder
This is the best way to scare someone. Catch them when they're in a zone, make the loudest noise possible along with a sudden jump. And most important of all, make sure your victim has nowhere to go. No room to move or run.
Panini America, the world’s largest sports and entertainment collectibles company, announced today that it has reached a trading card agreement with Washington Redskins quarterback and 2011 Heisman Trophy winner Robert Griffin III for the 2012 season.
This place is REAL BULLSHIT.
Please call, email, text or mail your sibling a few words telling them how much you've enjoyed knowing them and how much richer your life is for having them be a part of your life!
The amount of words in the rhyme.
The little fir tree was in a headlong hurry to grow up. It didn't care a thing for the warm sunshine, or the fresh air, and it took no interest in the peasant children who ran about chattering when they came to pick strawberries or raspberries. Often when the children had picked their pails full, or had gathered long strings of berries threaded on straws, they would sit down to rest near the little fir. "Oh, isn't it a nice little tree?" they would say. "It's the baby of the woods." The little tree didn't like their remarks at all.
This is a beautiful gift that I choose to facilitate for you to help you on your journey in a way that is filled with joy and beauty and love and peace. I hope you will make the highest and best use of it and that you will enjoy it fully!
It was autumn, in fifth grade. Golden leaves lay on the lawns. A few of the neighbors had real gardeners–Black gardeners, for this the early 1950s, Washington DC; the gardeners were raking up the leaves. And some of the housewives might be looking out to watch them, or maybe stepping out to get their mail, or looking through the window from a store delivery truck, or waiting for their kid, with lunch all ready on the stove. If I walked home down the street–six blocks, past four or five brick houses with big windows on every block–someone would see me. Someone’s mother, or a friend of my mother’s–anyhow, some neighbor–surely would notice me walking alone. Alone–down the street alone.
This weeks sponsor is Heather Ellis!! I LOVE her images...they are so adorable and sweet.
The truck driver said he usually had the phone's headset in his ear most of the day.
Yummy taco dinner
One of the richest guilds, pulling in close to the Merchant’s, they own training halls dotted around the Countryside and turn up their nose at the lower classes. These are not artists who would be found dead performing at some disreputable slum dive, no, these are the stars of the high society entertainment.
But, be careful with the fine print of this type of coverage, as well. Some policies are written to cover laws and ordinances that are on the books at the time of loss. Keep in mind that catastrophes are often the catalyst for code and ordinance changes. So, let’s say you had a loss on January 1st that was something catastrophic, affecting many other homeowners in your area. This event may prompt changes in the code that take effect on February 1st. Let’s say you have Ordinance or Law Coverage that is limited to the codes in effect on the date of loss, you won’t be covered for any changes made subsequent to the event. So, even though you have Ordinance or Law coverage, it won’t cover changes made after the date of loss if your policy has this type of limitation.
Now, I am set to begin prioritizing and categorizing my genealogy activities (or some of them anyway) so I can start managing my time accordingly. What other genealogy time management tips have you found useful?
04 I'll Tumble 4 Ya
If reading is only an assignment, then reading will cease when the assigning ceases. As I see it, the more joy we can have around reading—the more we can solidify the idea that reading is fun and that fun comes from reading—the greater our chances of developing life-long readers. I literally cannot wait for the Guys Read meeting each month. I love engaging with boys and acting like a “guy” in the name of reading. It is such a part of my life that I connect seemingly disparate things with Guys Read. Take Pat Summitt’s recent retirement announcement. I don’t really follow basketball, but I’ve read The Great Wall of Lucy Wu, I know who Pat Summitt is. Anyway, she said, “It has been a privilege to make an impact on the lives of 161 women who have worn orange.” This is how I feel about Guys Read. It has been a privilege to make an impact on the lives of the forty or so boys that have joined me (so far) for this reading adventure. I will never forget it, and I will never tire of it. It is my favorite thing to do.
at the World Social Forum, Porto Alegre, Brazil
I thoroughly enjoyed the deities of Britain. Does anyone know if this is historical? There are 8 (9?) Gods transformed to “saints” to conform to the times. Mortain, the god of death, adds depth to the entire story. I was never certain how Ismae was literally conceived by him, but I love, LOVE the idea that she is a daughter of God. Absolutely. And that the Convent believes that only it – or specifically the Abbess – knows what Mortain wants, while the question is raised as to whether the Convent is above deception? Doubt is cast on the Convent, even while relationship with Mortain Himself is strengthened.
Pour the sugar into the alcohol-and-water mixture. At this point the sugar may solidify, but it will quickly dissolve.
Appropriate assistive technology applications are intended to decrease the functional limitations of a person with a disability, potential outcomes can include some of the following categories:Adaptive Play: This includes the use of commercially available battery operated toys/activities to allow young children and adults to experience control over their environment despite severe physical restrictions, motor control deficits and developmental disabilities.Switches: Single and potentially multiple switch access methods can allow the person with even the most severe disability to achieve control over many different aspects of their environment, including play, communication, education, environmental control, mobility, and perhaps employment.Environmental Controls: Devices and technologies (Electronic Aids) designed specifically to allow a person to experience better control of their environment can increase one's independence and ability to perform routine tasks.Augmentative and Alternative Communication (AAC): AAC includes any technology application that results in the improvement of a person's communication with individual, in-groups and even by way of telephone. AAC involves maximizing of specific language concepts and strategies to enable the non-verbal person to more actively interact with their environment.Sensory Disabilities: Many forms of assistive technology can enhance our sensory interactions by modifying the means by which information is received to accommodate our sensory limitation, or by re-routing the information to a form where other senses can be involved.Alternative Learning Strategies: Somewhat similar to sensory disabilities, alternative learning strategies can be developed for individuals with specific learning deficits. By capitalizing on the strengths of the individual, computer based adaptive learning hardware and software can enhance the overall learning experience.Adaptive Computer Access: Computers can be adapted through a variety of methods to enable alternative input control or output required by the person with a disability. These adaptations may be in the form of additional hardware, software, or a combination of the two. Most computer operating systems today allow for customization of the computer control process to accommodate nearly any special needs of the individual with a disability.
to overturn Obamacare!
Be on on-mission today by praying for the New Horizons Short Term Missions Team!
The economic, political and social outlook for 2012 is profoundly negative. The almost universal consensus, even among mainstream orthodox economists is pessimistic regarding the world economy. Although, even here, their predictions understate the scope and depth of the crises, there are powerful reasons to believe that beginning in 2012, we are heading toward a steeper decline than what was experienced during the Great Recession of 2008 – 2009. With fewer resources, greater debt and increasing popular resistance to shouldering the burden of saving the capitalist system, the governments cannot bail out the system.
Clusters of impeccably togged up hipsters with well-sculpted hairstyles mingled between Starbucks and the Kitchen Bar – boys and girls 18-25, 25+, - The Relevant (cos this is the demographic where yer chances and spending power are at their optimum) swarming like germs and white blood cells. In amongst them all the old (anyone above aforementioned age bracket) permeated like incorporeal wraiths faintly making their presence felt in this dimension. I were one of these zombies. I staggered trough them all in my tracksuit/pajamas and my big yellow mac feeling like a refugee from some underground city come up into 'civilization'....The hair-swishing make-believe, the poise outside bars like they imagined they were gonna be surreptitiously pap-ed any minute, the boys in their shades long after the frigid sun'd gone in, the old getting lost, being, “are we going the right way” - made me (for once) relish the sight of nearly two-dozen pigs – if only to make the spot a legitimate target for the latest Provo Tribute Act...
- 1 tbsp rice wine or red wine vinegar (10 cal)
I would like to clarify that my mother does not encourage pedophilia, she is merely referring to the menu of grown Indian men, one of which should become my husband. They are not underage men by any means, but you see, unmarried Indian adults are always referred to as “boys” and “girls” by matchmaking Indian ladies far and wide. I believe this title helps fuel the precious lie that unmarried Indian adults are like untouched innocent babes, until their hands first meet in that awkward first dance at their wedding reception.
The lower (hiring) standards mean 258 more people passed the test. The city won’t say how many were minorities.
And so I was rather surprised with Adam’s concluding paragraph and this post is my own humble attempt at helping Adam address the balance. Here’s what he had to say:
You need to leave comment for all the above, otherwise I would have no idea of the count of people.
Stamps: Create a Cupcake
For the last few colors I added just a little bit less than the others so they wouldn’t obscure the colors underneath.
And that realization makes me feel even more embarrassed. I feel like feeling that way makes me immature. I look at others my age, with their jobs and college classes and apprenticeships and world traveling, and wonder what they think of me...
cold custard. There’s nothing better.”
Apollo 13 (Michael Corenblith; Merideth Boswell)
The opinions of the “caste” are assumptions - they never justify their views while we are put on media trial. I suppose they convince themselves they are righting wrongs, and redressing the balance, by showing us in a bad light and the ethnics as always competent and worthy. They habitually describe them as intelligent.
2) I learned that you really do need to wear a helmet when either riding a bike or on any two-wheeled motor vehicle! A horrible incident happened to a woman we know, her husband. He was riding his Vespa (or similar type bike) wearing his helmet, and stopped at a bridge we have to cross over to get to our island. The bridge was up and the traffic was stopped for quite a distance. So there he is sitting in the traffic, and bang, he gets hit by a car from behind, driven by an 18 yr old who was more than likely texting on his phone! Luckily this gentleman survived, pretty banged up, but no broken bones and home from the hospital. He happens to be a personal nurse who works with patients with spinal injuries, he is so lucky he is not a patient himself! And this 18 yr old …. didn’t even get a traffic ticket!! Seriously!!! Something majorly wrong here! There will be legal action but this is just disgusting! The lesson is that this man is alive because of his helmet (which is not alive anymore!) I guess I won’t argue with my husband anymore when he insists that I wear my helmet when I’m just riding to the post office!
Jaleel White & Kym Johnson – Tango
We've been thanking a lot for the last few years, there were just so much gifts that God has granted to us, and we can definitely see ourselves developed more and more in so many ways. In 2010 we're thankful we were able to bought our first car and our (small) apartment, upgraded my iPhone, attended my first Jakarta Fashion Week (and won 2nd place on a JFW competition held by Femina magazine). Then in 2011 hubby K got a new promising job (!), we bought a new camera, and hubby's turn to upgrade his iPhone ;)
In this city, life is as it goes
Basil- about 3 tbsp, torn
At the deepest level, colours signify either masculine features or feminine features. A large role of determining the gender of an intangible object, like a brand, is played by colours. Here is an attempt to demystify the topic of Brand Gender, through colour symbolism.
I have to admit, getting the troops all in line to start this again right now is overwhelming. Over the course of this journey, I have had several friends remind me that God will not give us more than we can handle. But, to be honest, I have yet to find that promise in the Bible. In 1 Corinthians we are told that God will not let us be tempted beyond what we can bear, but that's a different topic. Now, I am not going to say that it’s not in there; usually, once I make a declarative statement like that, I am shown my error rather quickly. But if you think about it, if we never have more than we can handle, then why do we need God? What I have found is this; that often we often face more than we can handle - on our own. This requires us to rely on God to get us through whatever it is we’re facing. I found this in 2 Corinthians 1:8-11, where Paul talks about enduring hardships and pressure far beyond what they were able to bear. But in verse 9, he says that “this happened that we might not rely on ourselves, but on God.” Then, the reassurance that “on Him we have set our hope that He will continue to deliver us, as you help us by your prayers.” So, with this next portion of Levi’s battle, we will set our hope on Him, and continue to rely on you for the help you provide with your prayers. Thank you for continuing to lift our little one up and for your support for our family.
“Minding the chickens.”
My sister took pictures of the snow before we shoveled it and sent me them. A lot of her pictures were either really bad or gave away our address/license plates/other identifiable information so I offer you only a few.
In a word--yes. The fact that you've been promised you'll get your copyright back eventually doesn't change the fact that, while the publishing contract is in force, you no longer own it. This means that the new owner can alter, adapt, license, sell, or do anything else it wants to your work without consultation, compensation, or even credit to you. Because you gave up copyright, even if temporarily, you have no grounds to protest, and no recourse if the use the publisher makes of your work is offensive to you or changes the meaning or the quality of the work.
As in, "Great job, Eyeballs!" Or, "Eyeballs, time for lunch!"
THE "STUDY" SYMPHONY:
da lo mismo,
2008.***E-IV/9/1961. On discouraging a Congressional investigation of the John Birch Society. Southern Illinoisan, Carbondale, Illinois, April 9, 1961; Chicago Pnyx, April 15, 1961; Carterville Herald, Carterville, Illinois, May 4, 1961. (Incorporated in Item B-1, above, p. 402 (1971).)
And I found the rum loving sea captain quite entertaining. He is kind of the anti-Popeye and I admire a fella who gets a bit of life saving strength from a good stiff drink rather than a can of evil green spinach.But I suppose of you are a teetotaling fun-hater Captain Haddocks drinking might bother you. Then again if you are a fun-hater you probably are not going to like the high speed chases, the gun battles, the sword fighting, treasure hunting adventure that makes up the movie.
I have to say that as I contemplated the season, I found that the sprints were very disappointing overall. I hope that trend changes in the Olympic year. Cheerfully, however, I found much excittement across the board, which I think bodes well for the upcoming season.
Cloth doll making is not my forte, however I am always excited to go to the monthly Tulsa Dolling Dames meeting. TDD is a cloth doll making group, so I am sort of the black sheep so to speak. My sewing skills are at about 5% - no complicated patterns or clothing for me! I am always amazed at what this fabulous group of women (and man) are able to create.
On Sunday I had a huge craving for my favorite salad, after seeing one on somebody's Instagram. Since high school, Cafe Intermezzo on Telegraph Avenue in Berkeley has always had the best big healthy salads. I convinced Jon and we headed out, parked and walked up to see....
ROB RIGGS- It’s important for people to know that the Bragg Light is not just an isolated phenomenon. We’re not just talking about people in East Texas who are seeing this light. These lights are seen in various places around the world. There are two famous lights in Texas that everybody knows—the Marfa Lights in West Texas and this one.
One poblano pepper, diced
These students are calculating the cost of the items on their list.
This has to be the most widely promoted well known public health campaign in the country. And given that fact, you might be forgiven for thinking the advice was based on medical evidence and scientific fact?
Mama saw him when he took that bite and said "that's from the pan you chopped" and daddy kept chewing and chewing in spite.
212.334.9435
For children age 6 and under, that is an average swallow of a third of the toothpaste they use, and a possibility of inadvertently swallowing 80% or more. There is about a milligram of fluoride in a single "serving" of toothpaste. I am calling it a "serving" because fluoride in toothpaste is regulated as if it were a food, not a drug. How is this true? Adding even less than one milligram of fluoride to a single serving of children's vitamins instantly makes them a prescription drug. It is truly odd that fluoride toothpaste remains an over-the-counter product.
before we get to this week's challenge,
Beck eyeballed his crew, one-by-one. They stared back in dumb shock. Several seconds passed while they watched smoke drift lazily from the gun barrel. His ears still ringing, he stared back at Emerson, who mouthed, Jesus Christ.
Personally, I don’t get all the fuss. I was a sci-fi/fantasy reader long before I wrote either. I came to the books because I wanted to experience fantastical, magical things and worlds. I didn’t care whether they conformed to the laws of physics, biology, and genetics as we know it, or they were wildly impossible. Whether they took place on worlds we might conceivably encounter out in the great wide universe or some supposed alternate history. If people could start fires with their eyes because they lived in a world where magic like that happened or because they had fancy-schmancy futuristic eye implants, I wanted to know more. Either way worked for me. Both could be fascinating and both could open up worlds that promise amazing and exciting experiences.
The trip Ghostigital takes you on is far more interesting. Granted, not much happens in the music (at least not in the classical sense), the tonal material doesn't really DEVELOP. Instead, the music paints a kind of a 3D sculpture, and its constant movement makes it come alive. The perspective is always changing and what does repeat itself makes a delightful hearing because the phrases and motives are so enchanting.
EARHART KC, BEADLE C, MILLER LK, PRUSS MW, GRAY GC, LEDBETTER EK, et al. Outbreak of influenza in highly vaccinated crew of U.S. Navy ship. Emerg Infect Dis 2001; 7: 463-465.
I took the diaper off and tossed it in the sink while rushing him outdoors... a little dribble of pee trailing on the kitchen floor marking his egress.
All of that leads to many fascinating legal questions.
It’s nothing new, of course. Gossip was likely the subject of the Lascaux cave paintings. But its reach and breadth is daunting. I’ve often wondered how much of this information is manipulated to sweep our attention away from the bigger, more important truths… This, again, is nothing new. But Western society’s apathy to myriad injustices perpetrated upon it and others runs deeper than ever. And these magazines, their internet and television brethren are largely symbolic of that apathy.
Kat, just spent a whole week hanging out with a bunch of Cricut people on the Cricut Cruise and posted some photos of the trip. And because I am doing a party decor blog hop this weekend, you will want to look for the wedding decorations that she made, they are awesome too!
Matilda
Mod is like a donut.
So there you have it. We are interested in what both sides know and what reasons and evidence they have to justify their claim to know. We are interested in talking to people who make claims about objective reality, not about themselves, and who then go on to give reasons and evidence to support their claims about objective reality. There are atheists out there that do make an objective claim that God does not exist, and then support that claim with arguments and evidence. Those are good atheists, and we should engage in rational conversations with them. But clearly there are some atheists who are not like that. How should we deal with these “subjective atheists”?
The Gunpowder Treason and Plot,
December 2 -- January 20, 2007
When I was in high school I was very into Final Fantasy VII. I took every plot point within that games to heart and knew everything there was to know about it — to the point that I once wrote the entire plot synopsis over a weekend because I thought it would be fun. I remember writing such detailed notes as how the guy in the Sector 5 slums had three different lines of dialogue throughout the game: The first indicating that he was going to start looking down at the ground from now on because, since the reactor bombing that Cloud had just participated in, there are a bunch of interesting items falling from above. The second time is after Shin-Ra blows the supports of Sector 7 and the plate crashes down to the slums beneath and he says he better keep looking up just in case something like that happens above him. The third time you speak to him is after you’ve found Key to Sector 5 near the endgame and says he’s sick of seeing his death when he looks up with Meteor descending slowly to the planet, so he’s just going to look straight ahead.
I can't forgive myself.
In the process, I was reminded of a few things.
Partying like it's 1985,
We’ve all been there from time to time, but let’s look at cliffhangers and how to use them to create a reader who can’t put the book down.
I crossed the gap between us and began to kiss him. He tried pushing me away but, I held on fast until a cough interrupted us…
In general, the comedians aren’t very funny; when they do say something quite funny, we laugh excessively, mostly out of relief.
Apart from this key achivement we discovered a key bagel deposit, which will prove valuable to the new society which we will shortly form eventually. I hear hipsters love bagels, and hipsters are always cashed up. I don’t know how they get their money, as working as mainstream, and something no self-respecting hipster would do. I suspect that all of them are extremely talented pickpockets.
I am very thankful that the break became a source of motivation - to inspire me to face the coming days with renewed strength and a fresh vision. It's like starting all over again. The break also made me look up, realign my life with God's direction and realizing that He has been watching me all along, waiting for that cry for help.
Beau and Jessica will return to Texas around September 20th to meet with the surgeon that worked on his arm. At that time, he should be getting out of the sling and beginning physical therapy. It's going to take a while before Beau will be able to use his arm like he wants to so please pray for patience and determination on Beau's part (although I don't think Beau has ever been lacking in the latter).
How it Works: Your family reserves private scheduled sessions twice a week for a group exercise class conducted by a certified personal trainer at our Fitness Together studio in Cohasset. Families complete a confidential health questionnaire and we do a simple assessment, to help design your program. We’re insured and have all the equipment: bands, balls, ropes, TRX to make this fun for everyone.
Johnny's mother sent him to the store for a loaf of bread. He was walking home, the loaf of bread under one arm and the hand of his free arm stuck deep in his pocket, when he bumped into the pastor of his church.
Koko is rather the exception in that regard. She stands out like a sore thumb at a glance. Her manic smile is clearly a sign of something is odd about this one. Some might even consider her moe, which is probably running against the grain in a Black Lagoon-like setting. Koko’s wider-than-usual mouth makes me asks why she has such a wide mouth. The childish and girly exterior betrays the calculating and pragmatic mind it carries. To that extent it is already less of a wolf-in-sheepskin as much as just a wolf (as opposed to Jin-Roh, where the “wolf” is actually a wolf pretending to be a sheep inside a wolf’s skin). She is clearly a wolf among wolves, except this wolf looks like a sheep.
1/2 t cayenne pepper
They recognize God’s great work in creation, for choosing Abraham and making him a great nation, God’s fulfillment of the promise to give Israel land, God’s rescue of the people of Israel from the land of Egypt where God made a name for himself amongst all peoples, for God’s provision for Israel in the wilderness and the giving of the Law, although their fathers had acted stubbornly God still had mercy on them and forgave them, even forgiving them of the calf false idol they made, God gave them manna to eat, water to drink, and clothes to wear, he handed kingdoms and lands over to them, and yet they rebelled again, but God forgave them again and again. God was justified in handing them over to be captured, but now they needed to beseech the mercies of God once again.
Don't get me wrong, there were some good imported beers at the festival as well, but most of them wasn't worth the price of a 4 oz. sample, in my opinion. Especially since they are mostly all available at one of the many fine bottle shop/beer bars around town at a much more palatable price point.
A committee was set up by the Catholic Church itself in 2010 when the abuse scandal broke. It is said to have identified some 800 priests and monks in the Netherlands who were actively abusing children in a 40 year period from 1945 to 1985.
scattered across Her infinite neck and waist,
I'm so happy to be participating in the Trading Blogs Guest Posting Party hosted and coordinated by Serendipity and Spice. I was paired with Danni from Silo Hill Farm. She is guest posting with me today, and I am guest posting with her on her blog today. She is just the sweetest! Please feel free to go check out my tutorial of new moss wreath I just completed over at Silo Hill Farm today, as well as her adorable blog while you are at it! And, now I present Danni and her wonderful tutorial and guest post:
Focusing on true independent feature films that mirror the experiences of the African diaspora, the inaugural film in this series is 6 Things I Never Told You, a collaboration of six very different films under one banner by six award-winning NYU Graduate Film Program alums, best described by them as an “anthology of cinematic snapshots examining committed romantic relationships in flux.” Each film centers on a significant landmark in the time line of relationships that are either renewed, dominated or lost, but all longing for one thing: control.
· Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science, Computer Information Systems, Management Information Systems, or related field preferred
And she decided to drunk text me.. you ladies know what that is all about don't you.
Give me my black leather skirt, black tights and my new purple pumps anyday.
Then I got it, and ‘Roll Off’, probably the most unconventional track, was the one that really pulled me in. The single has two versions, the first, ‘Roll Off/B’ features a steady techno pulse, but it’s the stripped ‘Roll Of/S’ that truly astounds. That thing that someone said about the Ramones being an experiment in seeing how much you could take away and still have rock ‘n’ roll? Well, ‘Roll Off/S’ is like the dub equivalent. There is a (slow) groove buried in there somewhere, but it’s so abstracted and unpredictable. Every kick drum drops like a bomb and every offbeat skank shoots like a flare or firework flying off at a different angle, sometimes colliding with the next hit on the way down. Where most post-roots era dub satisfies itself by piling on the bass pressure and swathes of echo/delay, ‘Roll Off /S’ gets to the heart of the form as meditative aural landscape and retains the alchemical spirit of the Jamaican originators and their misuse/abuse of both raw song material and technology.
It's a cracking pub and proof positive that the explosion in the London beer scene is not just the stuff of twitterous rumour but it is happening and happening very quickly. That's great news for the growing number of beer drinkers who want to try new and different beers from a wide range of beers from home and abroad.
because we know that Jesus lives.
The stories of Jane Austen have been great intertainment for years - have most of her books and have two versions of Pride and Prejudice on DVD - the BBC production with Colin Firth as Mr Knightley and the never movie version with Keira Knightley as Elizabeth Bennet - so could easily sign up for a guided tour to the area from where Jane Austen got her inspiration.... Do like going to England so the idea is not too far fetched.
"This is a surprisingly common one. Many did not realise until the end that happiness is a choice. They had stayed stuck in old patterns and habits. The so-called 'comfort' of familiarity overflowed into their emotions, as well as their physical lives. Fear of change had them pretending to others, and to their selves, that they were content, when deep within, they longed to laugh properly and have silliness in their life again."
Imogen: Yes. I liked the play and it was very good except one thing.
The song defined passion and definitely defined “Soul”.
So what are the goods about these lipsticks? Well the colour stays the same as long as you wear it, no fading and they do seem to last quite long. I couldn't stand how they made my lips feel so i always removed them long before they would have worn off if i'd left them on. At least i think they would have.
Wembley has been tagged as our gladiatorial ground, Arsenal it’s time to bring on the rain to end the drought.
Alright, now began my week. Going in I knew it was going to be crazy, it is every year around this time. I despise yearbook deadlines. They make my skin crawl and no matter how much of a plan I have to make it easier for next year, it never fails, the second half of the book always takes forever! I have worked until almost 6-6:15 every single night (not to mention the work that gets put in when I actually get home) on that bad boy and there is no way I could do it alone. I have had some big time help from some amazing students this year and they have stayed late with me - they even missed the school dance (even though I was one of the chaperones) on Thursday to help out! We are starting to see the light at the end of the tunnel...
Problem was, I couldn't even get that medium shade to show up. I basically had to push it into my crease with a flat shader brush to get any colour payoff. Then I tried layering the deeper shade over the top, and the colour just refused to get any deeper. It seemed like every time I touched my crease colour, the eyeshadow instantly disappeared and I had to start all over again.
on a merry-go-round?
Preheat oven to 450 degree F. Spray an oblong baking dish with cooking spray, set aside.
In cases of short-term insomnia triggered by jet lag, a physician may recommend sleeping pills or prescription medication. Such medication should be taken only under the guidance of a health care professional.
10. Tell us something about the person who tagged you.
1 - You can market PLR content with no money. You don't need to have a large bankroll to get started in the world of PLR content. The tools are there, you just have to know how to use them. And when you purchase Article Master Series, you will be able to use the content in any way you imagine to make money.
The commander-in-chief took a largely jovial tone with Fallon, but turned serious as the two discussed the prostitution scandal that has marred the Secret Service that protects him.
Currently, almost 80% of New York City's greenhouse gas emissions come from our buildings. This problem particularly affects outer-borough and low-income communities, many of which have the City's oldest, most inefficient homes where residents struggling month-to-month to pay their electric and gas bills. Realizing this, the city, state and federal governments are pouring billions of dollars into the residential energy efficiency market. This funding will allow building owners and tenants to undertake numerous energy efficiency measures such as installing light sensors, replacing boilers, and caulking around windows; and will create jobs in the process.
The standout for me was the 90 Minute IPA with the Gres des Vosges French cow cheese. Talk about buttery, this stuff coated the palate like no other, and the 90 Minute was just the ticket for such a fatty cheese. I was so impressed, I left the 90 Minute and picked up just the cheese to try with other Imperial IPAs to see how it does.
10. I am whole and in perfect health
Jim Henson is the man who first got me interested in the movies and how they were made. His behind-the-scenes special on “The Jim Henson Hour” left a profound impact on me as a child. The work and trickery involved in bringing dreams to life is no easy task. When I read Tolkien, Lovecraft, Burroughs, Carroll, and MacDonald I imagine the worlds and creatures they fashion out of mere words. When I watch a fantasy movie I marvel at the dazzling images that teams of people had to work on tirelessly to create for the screen. Fantasy films can visually transport us through the looking-glass or wardrobe or whatever. By taking us to other worlds they can sometimes more easily point out the flaws of our own society because the audience’s guard is down and they may be more receptive to the message if they are taught without, at first, realizing it. I further believe that even when fantasy is entirely and only for entertainment purposes it is not mere triviality. After all, there is something to be said of a breath of fresh air.
shoes: Old Navy
The journalists Lisa Baertlein and Ernest Scheyder gave the impression that they applauded a mother's efforts to prevent food wastage, yet they would prefer that she considered getting rid of her kids since there was always a limit to how far she would go to save food.
In the late 70’s and early 80’s, the park was developed by Tyne and Wear County Council from derelict former industrial land; this is hard to believe today, as it has been completely transformed. Much of the land that is now the Park was part of a former coal mine, the Isabella Colliery, owned by the Throckley Coal Company. Although few physical reminders of the mining past remain, the concrete cap covering the main pit shaft can be seen in a grazing field and four former coke ovens have been preserved. Other clues can be found in the landscape – pit shale lines the banks of the Reigh pond, and minewater escaping from the old workings discolours the Reigh burn, turning it orange until it is naturally filtered by reeds before entering the Tyne. Other industries in the area included Newburn Steelworks, which was responsible for the rapid expansion of Newburn village in the 19th century, and the railway. George Stephenson was married in Newburn Church, and his former cottage can be seen on a pleasant walk along the Waggonway to Wylam, which is 2 miles away. Further back in the past, Newburn was the site of an important battle between the English and the Scots across the ford in 1640. The Scots won, and later went on to take Newcastle. Visitors are unable to make use of the ford nowadays, as the shape of the river was altered by the Tyne Improvement Commission to remove obstructions to shipping.
“Modern dating and the married woman: Emotional and physiological reactions to stereotypical portrayals of budding relationships in the media”
But back to the revision bit :) I was revising Geology, cos we were supposed to have all these papers finished for tomorrow’s lesson. I had a couple of questions left to answer from January 2012, which I did first. Then I had 2 papers from 2008 that I hadn’t started yet. I got the first one done before Catherine left for tutor half way through the second period of the double-free (we had worked through Break), but I didn’t start the first one, cos I didn’t want to work on my own. I went down to the Undercroft, and had the first bit of free time of the day. I sat with Harrison, Euan, Tom, Ellie S, Chloe, Andrew M, Shikha, and these 2 guys called Sean and ‘something’ (I can’t remember). Plus Kieran was there for a little bit, and Parker hovered around my chair. We all played a game of Sevens (Tom and Ellie worked together, but we still had 8 players playing in the largest games), and Parker helped me a little. I had terrible hands most times, and the one time I had a good hand no one was really playing properly and the game was cut short by the end of the period, when most people left for a lesson.
It involves a lot of memorising and a considerable amount of information fed to us would be forgotten or not applicable to life and work at all.
A review by federal bank regulators last year found that mortgage servicers “generally had sufficient documentation” to demonstrate authority to foreclose on homes.
Last year, I was a bit out of my element so the Punkin Ale ensemble shots were a bit spotty. I’ll post the few that were even remotely useful here…
After we returned to the village at the end of a long day, this idea was displayed again by some of the children playing nearby. Like all Ghanaian children, they were obsessed with football (soccer) but didn’t have an actual soccer ball to play with. This didn’t slow them down at all – they used what they had and were having a friendly match using a previously eaten orange.
The Plot: “And there came a day, a day unlike any other, when Earth’s mightiest heroes found themselves united against a common threat, to fight the foes no single superhero could withstand. On that day, The Avengers were born.”
-grind wheat and soak flour for bread tomorrow before bed
We have all had a loss for words…but have you ever had a loss for numbers? Torico’s new illustrated set brings the numbers to the forefront. With two sets of numbers to color, paper piece, or be creative with ink Numbered days is the set for you to send those birthday and anniversary wishes.
A tribute to church copier #2:
October, 2010 Clip No. 2670
Thrust me back thither where the sun is silent.
So - they begin their assessment of me. My right hand is swollen and bruised, my left leg is swollen and bruised from my ankle all the way to my hip and pelvis. The doctor ordered x-rays after masochistically doing the routine poking, prodding and asking does this hurt after making you scream a few times.
To put this in percpective – I have put up a pic from a newspaper dipicting what this amount of rain ,is capable of causing – WITHOUT the heavy winds expected!
You made my life, a wonderland
Expect to redeem in the distance backtracking a mile.
there is a Post-Experience Let Down;
A) It was purely a rant.
As if being an avid Top 40 listener was not enough, I also recently started reading this:
Weihenstephaner Original - clean and crisp, Bavarian style lager. Good on a hot day when you don't want a wheat beer.
I'd not yet found.
Thanks for the lovely ladies on UKS still trying to help me sort my blog, if anyone has any ideas why people can't leave comments still please let me know so I can sort it. Thanks:)
I’m so over shaky cam fighting. I’m looking at you, Hunger Games. Most directors these days seem to disagree with me, and Michael Bay is no different. The action in Transformers was basically a CGI explosion of shaky silver and grey things rushing around. I’d rather watch the classic Henson-created Turtles fight their way around old NYC, because I can actually see what’s going on when they fight.
As soon as I saw the cover for Empire State I knew I had to have a copy, and I certainly didn’t hesitate to buy it! The blurb immediately made me think of television programmes like Boardwalk Empire and Fringe, with the prohibition era and parallel universes, and being a big fan of both I just knew Empire State would be right up my street! And I certainly wasn’t wrong…
Holiday traditions aren't only fun, they also help strength family bonds. Through traditions kids trust in the security of family unit. They think, “This is our family and this is what I do.” Of course, the most important thing to share isn't just what we do ... but why. Why do we put out a nativity? To remind us the real meaning of the season—Jesus coming to earth. What do the Christmas lights represent displayed on homes and on trees? They represent the Light of the World, Jesus.
May God’s grace be with me! Amen!
5) A mass media that can spread propaganda to everyone about radical beliefs or political views.
Typical, since I love so much to make girls cards.
* With your books, what comes first? A character, an idea, an opening line? Do you plan your stories in advance, or do they happen on the page?
But when I think of those who had been great with me – people whom I would never have known had I remained in the shadows – things were back in the proper perspective. This is something that I/we have to risk in our relationships with others. Here are the other four characteristics: 5 Behaviors of Manipulative People – Manage Your Life on Shine
So for the first time since moving in I actually sat on my front lawn and pulled weeds. A little bit on Saturday and a little bit more on Sunday.
The wind has subsided, thankfully. Blue skies have returned, and I am ready to go, so I’m going!
On Wednesday 25 April, the ‘Energy, Environment & Transport’ task force welcomed Mr Tom Howes who is the Deputy Head of Unit of the unit ‘Renewables and CCS policy’ from DG Energy. The task force members had the opportunity to get some first hand insights on the renewable energy policy and CCS.
these words to be written
Negatives: Inconsistent high-pointing passes. Allows too many throws into his body when facing the quarterback. Does not own elite speed. Freezes at times when trying to juke defenders in space. Walls off his man as a blocker, allowing them to shed and make the play outside.
I popped both pies back in the freezer and gave them a good hour to chill. Mom and I devoured slices later while watching an X Files episode where Mulder and Scully bash the Cigarette-Smoking Man over the head with a folding chair.
By Bob Gordon for X-Press, July 2000
3. Remove the fish from the pan, flake with a fork, and set aside. Discard the milk and the bay leaf.
In the States, I simply wrote a check, put it in the mail, and that was it. For those people who have embraced technology, bills can be paid on-line.
1273 D-IV/16/1997. “It’s a Big Country, and Yet…” Constitutional Law Course, The School of Law, Loyola University of Chicago, Chicago, Illinois.
1 fixity
Remember when we discovered the theft of our lawn mower (and other stuff) from our garage after Thanksgiving? Remember how I bought padlocks and heavy chains to reinforce the gate closures?
video synopsis on this adult romance ebook, is by: Zarrah T.
In a prize was offered for the manufacture of synthetic ultramarine which was awarded to B. Guimet in 1824. This rapidly reduced to a minimum the supply of natural Ultramarine Blue. The artificial Ultramarine Blue is made by calcination of sulfur, sodium carbonate, and kaolin by the so-called soda process. The manufacturing process is quite complicated and is still carried out in pot
Baby Help Me Forget later appeared in a very similar form on the B-side of Mudhoney's 1999 single This Gift.
Now herein lies the very crux of the issue, Camra say keg is a style which was characterised by pasteurised dead beer from the 70's. The crucial differences here are the beer being kegged by the new wave of craft brewers is non-pasteurised, largely unfiltered beer that is of infinitely higher quality than 70's dead keg.
1 quietly
One day, Lucky got stepped on by one of our horses.
This was an amazing drugstore find for me, especially on sale and for free with my Optimum points! Definitely worth repurchasing, perhaps in some of the other shades I highlighted earlier – what do you think?
A taxi honks to get by the pedestrians
As we celebrate the anniversary of Alias's first episode, it is fitting that word got out yesterday that J.J. Abrams, the man who thought, "Hey, let's do a show about a kickass spy," is currently developing a new hour-long series based around the concept of a married couple who spies together.
He satisfies.
We submit herewith some comments concerning your upcoming roundtable discussion, scheduled for February 9th, at which you will be establishing a final plan for the handling of the topic of Rollkur/Hyperflexion.
To: Kapilvastu Nepal
like, but I can hear her voice and I’m drawn to the page by her crazy language and off-beat observations. She shakes things up and gets things moving. She's active, proactive and reactive and almost certainly insane. She may get me into trouble and cause all sorts of problems before I reveal her to the world, but at this distance I am already falling in love. I've started to sneak out of bed in the morning, just to be alone with her, and when real life intrudes on our time together she is never far from my thoughts.
1970: Artist Francis Bacon accused of possessing cannabis
In little sharps and trebles,
And so from my family to yours, the greetings of a season of love. For in the words of the poet:
1 bunch fresh cilantro, chopped
Roy: Well, then who’s in goals?
I don't think there's anything quite comparable to keeping historical figures alive and functioning until the present. It's not like a time-slip or having someone wake from a coma, as they have experienced all the intervening years. There's no surprise at modern technology, no ignorance of the social and political scene. (Indeed, the vampires have all the time in the world, so they're rather good at keeping up with developments.) Instead it's a question of intensifying the normal maturing of characters - finding the key traits of a person and distilling them far beyond what would happen over a normal lifespan. It's a very unique kind of challenge - and thrilling. I think I'll be trawling history for people to drag out of the grave for a long time. Just off to polish my spade...
When they finally succeed, they will have their talisman, their trophy heads to stick on spikes outside their castles as evidence their lies are true.
Mmmhhmm, I could just eat an icecream right now!!
not seen before, I won't have her back,
So wrote Rodney Stark, the Distinguished Professor of the Social Sciences and co-director of the Institute for Studies of Religion at Baylor University. His most recent book is “The Triumph of Christianity: How the Jesus Movement Became the World’s Largest Religion” ($18.24, Amazon.com).
A few posts ago I mentioned my quarrel with some oak aged beers but this time I'm trying something I've never tried before. A beer that's literally blended with whisky (as opposed to being matured in the oak cask that previously held whisky).
Getting Prepared In a Year
Things I'm working on:
*Predator needs to know if he follows you home will there be a boyfriend or husband waiting for them inside of the residence*
In friendly chat with bird or beast--
Art4griculuture would like to introduce you to our new ambassador the dynamo that is Catherine Marriott the current RIRDC Rural Woman for Western Australia. (See footnote)
She shuts the hell up. ^___^
One slightly geeky boy from our time...
I cannot take it anymore. I have yet to make up my mind about which of these persons I would vote for in 2012. I only know who I will not vote for. Let’s be honest–the truth is that I would vote for a diseased cantaloupe carved into the shape of Miss Piggy before I would vote for Barack Obama. That being said, I, like all conservatives, want the best candidate to win the primary–the one with the most conservative values, the integrity to lead our Country, the courage to make the tough budget choices that are necessary to get us back on track and the one who can most likely beat the current leader of the Free World.
I shall permit no chaos and deviation.
I used paper from DCWV The Cafe' Mediterranean stack, both solid and patterned
But, it’ll be a helluva ride!
"The potential risks not only risk the safety of the driver involved but also other road users."
I realized today that I still don't have the package. I will make a really long story short here. She sent it via USPS and THEY LOST MY EFFING PACKAGE. Yes, the one I have been waiting for, for weeks. I was beyond irritated. I called Spanx to ask them if I could just order a new one and return the the other one when it finally comes (if they ever find it). The girl told me they have a return policy of 30 days (which are coming dangerously close to) and that she could see if they could get me an extension but no promises. After being on hold for a while, she came back on the phone and I was told that her supervisor said to ship me the order again, free of charge!! She told me if the other package is ever found and delivered to me, to please return it. WOW! How is that for awesome customer service!!!??
The city attacked with a thousand clues to past tragedy. There was a grimy smear along the side of the nearest building, perhaps thirty feet up, and Rel could pick out the silt-swirls left behind when the Realmcrash tsunami receded seventy years before. He shivered, trying not to look at the dents and craters lower down in the concrete; any bloodstains were long gone, but Clearsight ripped away the merciful veil of time.
I spent time with the Lord and worked it out, coming to the conclusion that even if I didn’t go the Ph D route and try to teach, God would lead me into something great because life is more about who I am than what I do. In many ways, I’ve been stretched tremendously over the past few years in learning to process my failures with God, having him walk me through those experiences rather than getting angry with him. It has been a tough life lesson but one I am reluctantly learning…kicking and screaming at times -like a fussy little toddler. So, imagine my surprise, when I woke up a few weeks ago to see an email in my phone marked “theology decision.” I took a deep breath preparing myself for what seemed to be the last nail in the coffin. I scanned it briefly glossing over the perfunctory cordial introduction and immediately looking for the “regret to inform you” or “decided not” at the end of the paragraph. However, something unexpected happened. I caught, ever so briefly, out of the corner of my eye, just for a second, the word “accept,” which caught me off guard. I quickly scanned the entire email at that point and read what seemed to be an unbelievable truth….I GOT IN. Not only that, I was offered a teaching assistantship covering full tuition and a stipend. It was EXACTLY what we needed to pull it off. Even if I got into a program, the money thing was a big issue. I had expected to get in somewhere and not have funding, which would mean I’d have to agonizingly table the whole pursuit of Ph D studies. When not even that was happening, I had begun to lose hope. I walked in to the kitchen and read the email to my Dad. He was shocked, as was I and we shared a celebratory high five. I really couldn’t believe it. It seemed against all odds. I had beat myself up over it and resigned myself to defeat. What a difference a day can make. God proved faithful in a way I hadn’t quite expected. I felt the weight of my entire year’s worth of effort come rushing in and lift me up like a strong breeze under eagle’s wings. The Lord had provided and I was there to bear witness to it. I still have a hard time wrapping my head around it. It seems so unbelievable. I share this in the hopes that, for some of us when the risk was taken and the payout didn’t come, there was some value in taking that step. No matter the results. I felt those emotions. I also have known failure. I believe when God is in our lives, we may experience hardship, but we also can experience victories. God is in the midst of those things guiding us through the muck, helping us process when things don’t work out and patting us on the back when we experience a windfall. The journey is whats important and for that I am thankful. Don’t let a minor setback derail your journey. Who knows what lies ahead. You just may find yourself stumbling across the path to something great.
Master of Science in Experimental Statistics fromNMSU,USA.
I thought I'd share with you some instagram pictures from the past few days. Some are from a service activity I went to in Detroit over the weekend, and some are from a couple walks I went on yesterday (in Ann Arbor).
It takes a dog lover to give up so much time and comfort, and Hardy fits the profile.
It’s wooden on the outside, with healthy gum trees, a wild garden. Earth tones inside, and full of light, and there’s smooth airflow from one end to the other. There are two levels, wood and tile floors downstairs and carpets upstairs, where the bedrooms are. The kitchen is big and connected to the dining room. There’s a wall of windows that look out into the bush, and a small window at the back of the kitchen that enables food to passed from the kitchen to the veranda for eating outside. The walls alternate between gritty and rough to smooth and clean.
Beame had known Jim McManus and his father since Jim was a child. To a regular Democratic like Beame, the Democratic party district leader was presumptively the representative of the community. In Hell’s Kitchen where the McMani had been the district leaders for eighty years, to Mayor Beame they were the legitimate community spokesmen who knew the needs of the people, and with whom he could deal on community issues. Furthermore, at no time in the area’s history were the remaining working class residents of the community more in need of a credible advocate who could fight for their interests with City Hall. One of the great concerns of the Irish working class in Hell’s Kitchen in the late 60’s and early 1970’s was that they would be forced out of the community because developers would acquire tenements and build high rise luxury developments where they could never afford to live. In fact already at the periphery, construction was begun on a number of large buildings, such as the Sheffield on 57th Street between 8th and 9th and Manhattan Plaza on 42nd Street between 9th and 10th.
Gathering its friends
There are only 370 residents on the island, and at any one time there is a maximum of 400 visitors. The island itself is only 10 km long and 2 km wide yet there is so much to do in that space.
Prince of Darkness
Take for instance the commercial for tampons that has the woman twirling on the beach in a beautiful, flowing white gown. Her gorgeous blonde hair spins out around her as she twirls with an angelic smile on her face. She's happy, serene and shit wouldn't melt in her mouth. The commercial has us imagining her heading home for a candlelit bath when she's done frolicking on the beach. Then she'll give her hubby a blow job because having a period is THAT much fun.
"We inherited a lemon tree when we moved into this house and i use lemons for my water, iced tea and to freshen up the garbage disposal. I even will use lemon and baking soda to make a paste to scrub stubborn stains!"
And you know that I will keep trying to get you out that door and down the sidewalk.
In a hard hitting article Robert Fisk has effectively trashed the ‘deranged’ soldier defense of Bales. The word being put out was that he was under stress from four tours—three in Iraq before the one in Afghanistan—and that the strain unhinged him. It is also being said that he was an ‘even tempered soldier’, a family man and not the stereo type of a killer. What about the others who have committed atrocities? Were they all deranged by stress? What about the chain of command—is it so malfunctional that it cannot detect deranged characters and prevent them from leaving fully armed securely guarded facilities without detection? General Karimi the Afghan Army Chief has debunked the lone madman theory and has clearly stated that this was a deliberate planned killing and many soldiers were involved. This was also Pakistan’s conclusion when its border post was attacked and 24 soldiers killed. Is there a ‘rogue’ segment in the US military in Afghanistan or are criminals and killers being recruited to do the killing because it is a volunteer force and serving in it would appeal to those who have nowhere else to go. This could explain the muted response to US deaths in wars that should never have been.
Happy reading.
Getting the tickets for the trip was no problem, once I managed to find tickets that a) fit into the time slot Rich had free from work and b) were affordable. I spent two days looking at Dubrovnik, Riga, Istanbul, Greece, blah blah blah, but could never really get it to work out, so when I finally found affordable tickets to Venice (direct on Norwegian Air) I grabbed 'em.
After a couple of amazing years on the island, beavering away in my little studio, dancing to cheesy tunes, sewing for hours upon end and spending every spare minute on the sea, wakeboarding and surfing (well im trying to) and getting to hang out with my folks as an adult for 2 years (this is the best bit), I now have a date set to leave and its official. Argggggggghhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh.
Mrs. Partin
Northstar Restaurant & Brewery Citrus Summer
In The Guardian this week, I’ve been reading excerpts from Lady Antonia Fraser’s memoir to be released next week. The book is about her life with Harold Pinter. The title comes from the three important words that Pinter said to her the first night they met. This affected the journey they took together for the next thirty odd years. The memoir excerpt was factual and gave me a window into how they spent their day and the reason why Lady Antonia got to keep the family home in Kensington that she had deserted, leaving her husband and children for Pinter.
Income Access is gearing up for the iGaming Super Show, being held May 22-25, 2012, at the historic RDS Simmonscourt in Dublin, Ireland. Come join us and learn first-hand about Income Access’ complete software solutions, affiliate network and marketing strategies. Income Access will be offering specialized services at this year’s event; all Affiliates, Operators and Clients are encouraged to set up personalized appointments.
( There is never a substitute for visiting a Doctor if you require medication and I by no means am supporting getting off any medication without first consulting with your Physician, but you may add these things suggested to your daily regimen, but not as a replacement for needed med’s!)
Shabangu complains to protector - 09 Dec
Finished? LOL! It's not Christmas eve yet, so no. I have finally started at least. And I can't tell you what the kids are getting because the older ones read my blog sometimes.
actually seen charter in their job postings advertise, “Social Security only,
I need to tell you, I started my research on this post by searching “Celebrity Booties” in Google. I got a butt load of Nikki Minaj ass cheek in my face. And while someday I would love to write an entire post about her incredible booty, today I am going to focus on how not to look like a Jeffery Campbell-wearing twat next time you want to pair some platform boots with your get-up.
Grease and line a large round cake tin.
I know because that happened to me..
I hope everyone is having a fantastic start to a great weekend! It’s Mother’s Day weekend! What are you plans? Mine just includes family dinner, pretty boring huh?
I hauled these from ASOS when they were on sale and I had an additional coupon code which added up to quite a bit of savings. I paid £4 each, which is a pretty sweet deal!
Nice. Thanks.
we're already busy thinking up new ideas with which to inspire you in 2012, and we hope to see you--and your card-making resolutions--bright and early on new year's day! in the meantime, we wish you a wonderful, calm, and stress-free december, and the happiest of holiday seasons! you've earned it, ♥JINGLE BELLES♥!!!
When you are asked to contribute to a volume or a journal it is likely within your area of expertise. You are asked because the editor knows your work and wants you to do more of the same. It is flattering, but not necessarily challenging. I don't blame editors: they know what I have published, but not what I am currently doing secretly at my writing desk. Oftentimes I offer to write something slightly different, something looking forward rather than backward. Frequently I do a conference paper which I then revise for publication. But it does happen that you are invited to write something unexpected which makes you wonder: Why me? Can I really do it? How exciting!
I was thinking of writing a series Kolbe reviews this spring, but kept getting distracted. Then Mrs. Darwin e-mailed me with a couple questions, and I took that as my sign. Back at week five I wrote this summary, and I don’t think much has changed. What I will do this round, though, is to write about the program in general this week, and then do a subject-by-subject set of more detailed reviews in subsequent weeks. Enjoy. And keep me on task, eh?
I loved the stories when people said, suddenly they knew, that everything is okay in this world, that it is perfect und there are no mistakes, because it always leads to something good. But I also loved the other stories, I like it what people have to say after they experienced a hard time, and what they have learned about it, what they have come to see about it. I made for myself the experience, that so-called bad times are good times, it really leads you to something good und fills you up with joy and gratitude and deep self-awareness – if you just let it happen and say sooner or later yes to it.
There we have it. A post balancing the pathos of those of the past few weeks. Hope you got some chuckles.
Since I've been thinking about the reality of my wedding for the past few weeks, I've narrowed some basics down and gathered crazy amounts of inspiration to help me make decisions (...or become further confused, whichever). Check out some of my thoughts below :)
Here's a sneak preview provided by Max's cellarmaster Casey Hard last week:
VASTech's principal business appears to be selling interception technology to governments, primarily for intercepting phone communications on a mass scale, logging them and making them searchable by intelligence agencies.
This was by far the best sangria I’ve ever had. I’ve had a lot of bitter/pithy sangria. Y’know where they use WAY too much citrus and it’s mostly peel. BLEH!
“No, they didn’t.” James blurted out. It was a strange question, but by the strange look that Arnen was giving him, he had given an even stranger answer. “They told us to go to Thornhill.”
My cough is worse, I’m even more sore from Sunday’s fall, and I have no energy. I’ll try to write, but I’m not holding my breath. I can hear the wind blowing, the color out there is grey, and I might even call the doctor, but really, I can hardly imagine all the work it will take to shower, dress, and drive the eleven miles to his office, even if I could get an appointment. All I want to do is curl up and sleep…all day.
-Anthony Horowitz's novels
E is for Each slice that adorns my dinner plate
I favor gender segregation in the workplace:
‘U-turn’
Hymn and Scripture Challenge. The hymn this time is "Turn Your Eyes Upon Jesus". If you go to Patter's blog post you will find Patter's devotional on the history and the scriptural truths behind the hymn. You can also listen to a beautiful version of the hymn by Selah.
The British Library host introduces Russ at some length with critical epithets including “the strangest writer in Britain”. Riddley Walker “keeps astounding everyone who encounters it ... its vision of a possible future English takes the story of a future English language as documented over in the BL’s exhibition Evolving English – One Language, Many Voices into a far, far, far possible future.” Self meanwhile was chosen for his “love of and bravery with language and his willingness to embrace the barely possible in his novels” which in turn made him an “ideal choice” to write the introduction to the 2002 edition of Riddley Walker.
We didn't have all that much time to talk unfortunately, she told me that she was born in the city but has been living in the countryside for quite a number of years now. She was very pleased to stop for me to make a number of photos and was quite enthusiastic about the shots I showed her, but had to hurry along to the shop to exchange some clothing she'd bought for her husband some days earlier.
In October 2011, I traveled to Chiapas, Mexico for the Adventure Travel Trade Association’s Annual World Summit. While there, I had the fortunate opportunity to meet Martha Isabel Ruiz Corzo (“Pati”) between seminars. Martha “Pati” Ruiz Corzo is the founder of Sierra Gorda Ecological Group and former federal Director of Sierra Gorda Biosphere Reserve in Querétaro, Mexico. She has won accolades and awards for her dedication to environmental protection in the Sierra Gorda Mountains of Mexico.
Around the time Baby Guy tired of experimenting with the drum stick, Mr. Man wandered in with his newest rock. I believe I’ve mentioned before that he loves rocks, and can be counted upon to bring me several specimens whenever he ventures into the yard. After I captured him and his treasure on camera, he proceeded to show Baby Guy that you can make even MORE noises by banging rocks on things than you can by banging a stick on things. Some of those noises come from Mommy, who is several feet away from the rock in question. The boys found this pastime particularly hilarious.
Underneath all projections is the Wound. Projection organizes experience into crude categories of good and bad. Because it is predicated on an iron-hard belief in our own inadequacy, the purpose of projection is to discover opportunities to counter this belief. It is, in fact, projection that creates Fear-Selves and Fear-Selves that maintain the projection that gave them birth.
BookTango says it pays "100% of net" on books sold through its own bookstore, and "90% of net" on books sold via other retailers, and claims its royalties are "the biggest in the industry" (hmmm...not so much; see below). Before you get stars in your eyes, what those numbers actually add up to is that for BookTango bookstore sales, "net" is what's left after BookTango takes a 30% transaction fee (so "100% of net" really means 70% of list); while for retailer sales, "net" is wholesale less a 10% BookTango commission. Retailer discounts can be as much as 60%, so in some cases authors may be making as little as 30% of list.
A.K.A. Freshman year of high school.
An easy project with great reward. Ten pattern pieces total. Four for the front, back and sides of the dress. The fabric, which I rescued from my stash after having been there many years, is a black rayon challis with some decent stretch to it.
It's almost sundown.
various states of inebriation. Some are engaged in
Women. I believe we set the atmosphere for our home. What about you, do you believe that?
Let me be more clear, imagine being at that Johns opening (let’s just assume we all know what is going on at all times) and being used to the existential planes of the Ab Ex, playing out their human dramas before us mixed with a lot of super-formalist rhetoric. Suddenly you see a simple symbol of a flag in the gallery, actually not a symbol but a constructed symbol that covers the entire canvas. You would be tempted to think (under the circumstances) that Johns is playing a joke on all representation by showing that everything is in fact a representation, that your symbols are just that, just symbols. Again, the flag is the canvas, the canvas is the flag. It is not a picture of a flag, it is somewhere between a picture and an object.
Materials: Harriet with Pram
So Joy it is. I am overjoyed that I have a God who is so compassionate that He would do that for me. But He didn't stop there. He gave me his Spirit that lives in me and I no longer have to battle the Holiday Season alone. Matter of fact -- I don't have to be distracted by the demands this world places on me at this time of year. Satan your burden has been laid on him. I know longer carry those worries, obligations, and sadness. I recognize that my God is good and everything happens for a reason that is good and will bring Him Glory. My yoke is now lite.
Kate Headley: I always had a camera growing up and loved taking photos. When I got out of school and got a good job, I was able to buy a better camera and equipment. I loved taking photos of food, flowers and my friends and family, so as my friends started getting married, I would take photos at their weddings. (And I loved that my friends would frame my photos, not their photographers!) I also took some technical photography classes and I decided to just try a few weddings--it was love at first wedding. I’m thinking about taking some film classes this summer to improve my skills, I love photography and I want to just keep growing in it.
However, the rest of the tap list consisted of beers you might see in many bars -- eight Belgians, two from California, and one each from decided highlight, was Pliny the Elder on tap and in bottles. The bottled beer selection, on the other hand, looked impressive. They also had 59 single malts and 28 other types of whiskey, as well as 13 wines.
In this pile of photos I was given, there were a few of our house when we were adding the second story to it. The day the contractor came over to start the demolition, he handed my sister and I a rock and told us to throw it through the window from the inside, out. My friend Rachel had just arrived to pick me up for our walk to school. He handed her a rock as well, and the 3 of us did and we were told. It was the weirdest feeling to be doing that to my house. Finally though, later that year, I was going to have my own room. I loved that house and living in it. When my parents sold it, my sister and I said that someday we would like to buy it back....
Chief Secretary Bijay Patnaik said Maoists abducted the Italian tourists while they were on a trekking tour on the Kandhamal-Ganjam border. The tourists had gone from Puri on a vehicle and entered the forests on the Kandhamal-Ganjam border ignoring warnings of Maoist problems by Daringbadi police station, he said.
I learned this year that the easiest and happiest way to live life is to take full accountability. Your difficulties are very rarely another person's fault. Once I was able to embrace this fact, I became a much happier person.
How can a baby be so dark and yet so light?
The main part of the New Testament apart from the Gospels is the Letters of Paul. Yet he never mentions the virgin birth or any of the miracles Jesus is supposed to have performed. Nor those he mention the main stories about Jesus or even quote him. As he was a missionary trying to convince people he would surely have mentioned it if he knew about it. As he didn’t it possible that those stories were only added later.
And why wouldn’t there be? Obviously these ideas make perfect sense! Pharmaceutical companies should continue to make lots of money out of selling basically nothing!
Expect this type of remote interview to become very common as the technology improves.
8.) The word, “homosexuality”, did NOT even exist at the time the Bible was written.
And to the asshole who stole my wallet:
Have a happy Thursday
Hi everyone I want to tell you of some sadness that one of my Friends (who is also one of my Totally Tilda DT girls) and her family are going through at the moment and appeal to your good nature at the same time.
The Industry Rendez-Vous will be held from July 26th to 29th 2012, within the three-week body of the Fantasia Festival. Over the course of these four days, a Frontières pitch session, various meeting and networking sessions will be held, and a series of conferences will be organised to assemble the participants around current industry topics. These events will be coupled with the regular Fantasia schedule of public screenings and parties.
Meet me in the pouring rain,
and its immediate conditioned response—anger—
I regularly get coupon emails from them, but yesterday I got this in my email and it made me cry. I'm talking giant, blubbering tears. Because it's my first Mother's day and I certainly hope that the little guy is thinking these things. But mostly, because I love him so much and I can't imagine life without him.
Names are a big help on keeping everyone straight.
22:00 – 23:00 Ironite
I have been a bit under the weather for the past few days, so I have been unable to do much of anything other than lay down and watch television. This worked out great since it is my favorite four day period of the year, the first and second round of the NCAA tourney. It rarely disappoint, but it does leave me emotionally and mentally exhausted afterwards. Coupled with my physical exhaustion from being sick meant I was unable to get to the bank and deposit my check. Why am I telling you this? Because I owe three great bloggers some money for group breaks. Rather than just a token apology and an "I'll get it to you Monday" email, I figured I would give all three some free publicity.
Hundreds, perhaps thousands, are believed to have died when China’s leaders sent in tanks and soldiers to clear the enormous square in Beijing on the night of June 3-4, 1989, bringing a violent end to six weeks of protests.
Top with the breadcrumb mixture, pressing it dow gently into the ricotta. Don’t be stingy now!
If I had to sum it all up right now, I'd say that unschooling is trusting children to learn from their environment, what they need to know when they need to know it. It's knowing that everything, every idea, every action leads to something else, to something new or revisiting something old that's new again. It's knowing deeply that kids that are happy and trusted will learn better and easier than kids who aren't. It's following rabbit trails that are interesting and stopping and checking things out, collecting ideas and information, and continuing onward, possibly finding the rabbit at the end and possibly ending at the river and following that instead.
It would appear that no one really thought about what would really happen if you situated a park next to a smelly landfill. No one actually visited the proposed site often enough to smell the landfill. No one actually talked to any of the residents before picking a site.
Cool in the tin for 5 minutes then transfer to a wire rack to cool completely before decorating.
this space has gotten somewhat personal and i didn't want it to go there. i might post more music in the future, but for now i have another spot to make some entries (and it's not tumblr. if you're not an idiot and care to read some personal shit, it's easy to find).
Leave it to Norwegians. (It wasn't my idea)
union
Adam is an Air Force Veteran not on active duty which means that he won’t receive 100% of his medical coverage. This is one of the reasons why we need your help.
But still...that sure was a shitload of cash.
“Jesus answered and said to her, ‘If you knew the gift of God, and who it is who says to you, ‘Give Me a drink,’ you would have asked Him, and He would have given you living water.’” John 4:10
But, some are merely here to ‘police’. You know … to ‘mata-mata’?
I don't say things like Do it yourself. If I am busy when a guest makes a request for food or a drink or something else, I can give her the choice of trying it herself or waiting for me. If she does try it herself, I cannot expect it be done exactly the way I would do it. Things may spill. Things may break. I don't punish or shame my guests when something goes wrong.
Demoralizing is what that is.
The first book in the series, Kat, Incorrigible, is out now as paperback in the US and Canada and in the UK (with the title A Most Improper Magick).
Unstable, like a newborn animal wobbling to its feet, the elderly woman timidly approached a young man reading between the shelves of books. He flinched, taking in her waxen lipstick smeared at the edge of her mouth and her ash grey hair, wiry and long down over her shoulders. She reached with arthritis twisted knuckles to touch his arm.
May 3: Toronto – Drake Underground
There is not a lot of cutting really, but there is a LOT of sewing and trimming.
I wont be answering everyones comments/emails the way i normally do..
“Prepare yourself for some fighting,” the draenei continued, giving Crème’s shoulder a quick squeeze before she stood within the tent. Crème could see even in the low light that Brulee held her sword, though she wasn’t wearing her armor. It was likely too hard to put on in the dark, if they she woke up due to intruders.
Construction companies use the plywood because it is inexpensive, and they replace fences every few months when the elements break them down.
A warm welcome to my new followers, and I hope everyone has a lovely weekend.
I love my curly hair - 99% of the time, I wouldn’t change it for the world.
$0.75 off on ONE FINISH Powerball Tabs or Gelpac
3/4 cup almond meal flour
And while we know he will finally learn what he was missing in not having a loving wife and a family we kind of do feel sorry for him that he has lost everything he has earned. Yes, because of the liberal media, we have an image of Wall Street execs as these heartless monsters who live to crush those below them. We all know when we stop to think logically that people on Wall Street are no better or worse than their middle and lower class counterparts (they have morons to geniuses, monsters to saints) but we seldom see the good depicted in the media. But it’s refreshing to see Jack Campbell depicted as not just human, but a good man, even before his switch. He knows people’s names and talks with them like equals, gives free advice, he even has an assistant whom he seems to encourage her to constantly insult him to keep him grounded…and, of course, moves to saves people’s lives when he is under no obligation. The movie has the great point that money isn’t evil nor a job unfulfilling…but even those are nothing compared to the joy of true love and a family.
- I say: How could that lad not see Stan sitting in his car, he was right across the road? I must be nosey because if a car was sat opposite my house with the driver staring across, I’m pretty sure I would notice. Oh, the lad did notice. Thought so.
I'm sure it's me who is wrong. He was obviously a comedy genius, but I just don't get it, and have always found his work cold and emotionless (and largely unfunny)... never have I felt any warmth or affection for his 'little tramp' character. Having said all that, I do still own a few of his films, bought back in the early 2000's when they were re-packaged and re-released, in a last ditch attempt to convince myself that he must be brilliant (it didn't work).
Back to the old drawing board.
It doesn't seem long since I started the OU module AA100 The Arts Past And Present, but suddenly the end is in sight. I have an essay to hand in next week on the role of the chorus in Greek theatre, then a reflection piece on my studying, and lastly the End of Module Assignment on either pilgrimage as tourism or seaside codes of behaviour.
That’s some serious heavy stuff…
As more teachers get used to the technology I expect to make more classroom visits via Skype. We had some technical difficulties for sure. For a while all I could see of the Kentucky school was the ceiling in the cafeteria. And when I saw the video of the Michigan visit I found out there was a delay in my response to their questions. But it was still a very fun morning. And inspiring. Well worth the effort on all our parts.
Docetism: the doctrine that while Jesus was totally God, he only appeared or seemed to be human (from the Gk. Dokew, to seem or appear). Generally refers to any theory which denies the full humanity of Christ.
My sweet FB friends all chimed in on
Those of you who are followers of Jesus are probably familiar with the story of Joseph in Genesis 41-45: Joseph's brothers sold him into slavery in Egypt, but because Joseph served God, He eventually put Joseph in a position of influence in Pharoah's kingdom and through Joseph showed Pharoah that seven years of famine would be coming upon the land and that in the meantime, during the times of prosperity, the people of Egypt were to store up a portion of their food that would sustain them through the famine. And through Joseph's influence, many people, including his own brothers who had sold him into slavery, were saved from the famine.
The slinky synths that open “Vava Voom” hypnotize you for what is about to come. Bassnectar’s ninth full-length continues the natural progression that has taken place since 2001′s “Freakbeat for the Beatfreaks”. With each record different from the last and a top-tier live show, Bassnectar has grown to be one of the biggest and most exciting forces in electronic Music. The opening, self-titled track continues to push boundaries as ‘Nectar enlists the talented Lupe Fiasco to appear on the LP’s “single”. And while most of the dubstep / rap collaborations you hear sound overly busy, Lorin (Bassnectar) & Lupe deliver what is possibly the greatest hybrid the two genres have seen.
I did buy quite a few dies and masks yesterday so they may appear in work soon)
CAMPOS W, JALALUDIN BB. Predictors of influenza vaccination amongst Australian nurses. Aust J Adv Nurs 2002-2003; 20: 19-21.
I’m going to blame it on my being totally scattered in the past two weeks, but I had already seen the weather report for the coming week and knew all about the warm weekend we had coming. But for some reason, I didn’t reactivate my cooling vest. I guess I just wasn’t thinking about it. I’ve been distracted, to say the least.
While this is my favourite book of Jude’s, she’s also written Wholefood for Children and Coming Home to Eat – Wholefood for the Family, both of which make her style of cooking totally simple to recreate at home.
The English parliamentarians who were responsible for beheading King Charles I in 1649 were perfectly articulate about why. They felt that Charles had attempted to destroy the ancient English governmental system or "constitution" and that he had tried to take away important rights and individual liberties that the English had always enjoyed -- liberty from the arbitrary power of Kings, a right to representation in important decisions and a system of counterbalanced and competing powers rather than an all-powerful central government. It is to them that we can look for the first systematic statements of conservative ideals -- ideals that persevere to this day. And they were both conservatives (wishing to conserve traditional rights and arrangements) and revolutionaries!
07. Be Proud (Melchers/Melchers/Braun) - 9:32
One day, when her daughter was 14, Tammy walked in on her in her bedroom. “She was there in front of the mirror with her genitals tucked away. She was very embarrassed. I said, ‘I don’t know what’s happening here but if you want to talk to me, you can.’ About 10 minutes later she came and lay on the bed next to me and said, ‘I want to be a girl. I’m not a boy. My body is wrong. Everything is wrong.’” For Tammy, this was more than shocking: “I had watched programmes on transgender, I’m very interested in people, it’s part of who I am to find out about these things … But you never imagine it’s going to happen to you.”
Earlier last week, John Sargent, CEO of "big six" publisher Macmillan, presented new terms of sale to Amazon for Macmillan ebooks. Under the so-called "agency" distribution model (which means that Amazon could not discount the books--see below for an explanation), digital editions of Macmillan trade titles would be priced from $5.99 to $14.99, and digital editions of first-release hardcovers would be priced from 12.99 to $14.99. Amazon found this unacceptable, and on Friday, it yanked the buy buttons from all of Macmillan's titles, both digital and print--a move that forced Sargent to issue an emergency explanation to Macmillan authors/illustrators via industry newsletter Publishers Lunch.
After trying it out for a week, I found that I quite like this product. The Similasan Nasal Allergy Relief mist, stimulates the body's natural ability to relieve the symptoms that you get from allergies, like runny nose, sinus pressure, sneezing, congestion, post nasal drip etc. I definitely noticed an improvement, my sinuses were much relieved, and I plan on using it daily to get me through the rest of the season!
89 Adventures of Sherlock Holmes – Sir Arthur Conan Doyle
“… if there is to be means of controlling the increasing flow of coloured people who come here largely to enjoy the benefits of the Welfare State.”
by Rachel S.
If we are to gain Christ, we must always be found in Christ. In every situation, at every place, among every people, may we be found in Christ. Whether we are found by people, or angels and demons, we must be found only in Christ. It is our shame to be found in ourselves. Only Christ is pleasing to our Father and may everything that we do, be an expression of Christ in us.
That phrase reminded me of the line in the big book that says we "trudge the road of happy destiny." Not skip, not leap, not run. We trudge. Some days are happy, skippy, jumpy, and some days are a slow slog.
And in a lot of ways, my curls are a huge part of my identity.
Shape into 1-in. balls. Roll in remaining sugar; place on ungreased baking sheets. Bake at 350° for 10-12 minutes or until lightly browned.
The other week, I had to cut somebody out because I couldn’t just be their friend, and I wasn’t going to be the second best schmuck who would hang around for when she is alone, or wants to talk or needs cheering up. I feel bad for doing it, really bad, but I had to. I tried a few weeks ago, but it lasted 2 days before we started talking and meeting up…this time it has been a week so far.
62. Gone whale watching
Took this picture of Sammi this morning. I think she wants me to turn on the heat. I am going to be away from the computer for the next few days. I will miss all of your blogs. Thanks for all the great comments. I appreciate them all. Until next time....Happy Stitching! Deborah
When Gwen got to me in the pasture I could immediately tell that she was too cold. I brought them up to the barn to eat and the poor girl was shivering so hard her teeth were almost chattering. So she got to wear my "turbo dry" cooler while she ate. I had some weird ideas in my head when I bought that cooler, like it should somehow rapidly dry whatever horse I put it upon, unfortunately it doesn't work like that but it did give her a little relief from the precipitation. After they ate their grain I spread out a bunch of hay piles under the barn so they could eat under cover and then I hung out until she'd stopped shivering and took the cooler off. Hopefully they stayed under there long enough to dry off a little bit so she could warm up.
MBR: I really don't. I love them all for different reasons. When I'm working on one, I think it's the most horrible thing ever, but then I fine tune it and begin to love it, and by the time it's done, I'm proud of it.
TALKING TO HIM.
This is what our week looked like:
TOTAL BULLSHIT. This is the type of shit the 99% need to be concerned about. Unfortunately most people’s emotion about drunk driving is greater than their emotion regarding the constitution. But it never should be an emotional decision anyway…
Happy birthday, Katie. I love you with all my heart.
And the $750k investigation yielded almost no findings beyond the circumstantial data.
Given it was 8am on a Sunday, Jai & I phantomed out of the daschund ‘funtivities’ for an hour to get some breakfast. When we came back, there were even more dogs.
I visit all the homes of my loved ones each Christmas, silently coming in with the moonlight and leaving with the sun.
There is so much foolishness in the world today…how do we protect our boys? Do you have any idea?
Thank you so much friends. Your every comment, award only boosts me to do better. Kindly do accept these awards from me too!
On Friday, the tree outside my fence was massacred. The people who did it were laughing while they lopped and chopped. I could hear the branches hitting the ground and was very distressed because it reminded me of something similar which had happened in France. The tree was across the road from my apartment. There were three of them and that part of the municipal hospital was named after them.
Weighing scales
By Rima Bek, The Living Herald
Nectarines
A big hello to everyone out there this Monday. For this week's challenge, we want you to make a baby card. Robyn's Fetish is our sponsor this week and you'll be hearing more about them on Wednesday. This week's randomly chosen winner will receive 5 digi images of his/her choice.
Every year, David Bash makes his Top 100. Here’s the first part of this selection.
I’m sure he had lots of mixed emotions… What has happened? Why has this happened? Is this real? But the biggest question that begs the most answers: HOW has this happened?
Slate has an essay by Christopher Hitchens on Galloway’s newest moral outrage. In an interview with Gentleman’s Quarterly, the toad who is genetically incapable of gentlemanly behavior has suggested a final solution for his country’s Prime Minister:
Satan will use any tactic to keep his slaves from knowing the truth. The bigger the lie, the bigger the attack.
The last step is to hem the bottom and attach the waist band. I wanted to add a contrast band at the bottom so I factored that in when I calculated my measurements in the beginning. You can also hem it using bias tape, rolled-hem, zig-zag stitch, or folding over and stitching down.
In a large skillet, cook onion, celery, carrot, and zucchini in the water or stock, stirring. Add salt, basil, and thyme. When carrot is soft, add the tomatoes and tomato sauce. Simmer 5 minutes. Stir in the cooked rice and set aside.
The 123-year-old feathers were stolen from the Dannevirke Gallery of History where two of the birds have been displayed for 25 years.
Fun stuff!
Every night after a full moon an extraordinary spectacle takes place; one night Jim took us to the marine mating grounds where we waited in the boat until sunset, then we slipped into the water and waited for the light show.
Ask her, for she knows trials and tales
Michael Prince – Bucknell
Tea Rat: It wasn't me.
I hope all the bloggers I awarded tonight enjoy their awards! Go check out their blogs and show them some love! You won't be disappointed. I love reading what everyone writes and I enjoy the blogging communtiy so much. I am so honored to receive these awards and it make me happy to be able to share the love!
My outfits lately have been super lazy since we've been doing loads of touristy stuff and comfort is my top priority. I definitely don't believe in wearing sweat pants when traveling, but I just can't face wearing anything fussy when my day consists of walking for six hours a day, doing lots of reading and looking and negotiating busy trains. On the other hand, everyone here is so nicely dressed, I wish I were making more of an effort, but I really need my clothing to be easily adaptable and go with the flow-y.
So there's a boy wearing a viking helmet, brandishing a stick of lumber. He's guarding a windmill, and a ghostly presence is behind him, presumably handing out advice and encouragement, much like Obi-Wan in Star Wars.
North Korea isn’t the only one with a gulag system. Jehovah’s Witnesses have created their own pseudo-gulag system and millions have paid the price with their families and their lives.
So I am still here. Giant shark bite and all…
I haven't abandoned by quest to find fitness by 40. I haven't stopped exercising and I haven't stopped trying to make my food more healthy. I've just spent more time on those things and so had even less time for blogging.
Among the famed Indian spin quartet comprising of Chandra, Bedi, Venkat and Prasanna, no one could turn the ball like Chandra; no one could take wickets in demanding overseas conditions like him, no one could master the bouncy pace-friendly pitches of Australia and South Africa like he did; but most importantly no one could win matches like him. Others might have better records than him but Chandra was a true match-winner, delivering when the team needed his services the most. Remarkably consistent across the globe, Chandra did not let a childhood outbreak of polio deter him from achieving his dream. He turned this handicap into a gift, delivering legbreak rippers and baffling googlies at near medium pace and cementing his place as one of the greatest bowlers ever from his country.
Hedge Funds are reviled in the United States for their role in the U.S. economic crisis, but their activities in developing countries, especially in Sub Saharan Africa has been limited — until a few years ago.
I wanted it to be fun to open, but it is almost impossible to find pretty boxes and shipping materials. I used a large box that a new pair of boots had come in at the beginning of winter. I stamped some pretty coordinating paper and glued it to the inside of the box lid (where a big black logo had been stamped from the boot company)- I lined the entire box with pink and white tissue paper. Then I wrapped each item individually in stamped tissue paper. I stamped the tissue paper with "thank you" and various birds, flowers, etc. in different colors. I wrapped each package with some fun fibers and then embellished them with some chipboard accents that coordinated with the pinks and whites. I also took an acrylic star ornament and applied gesso, let that dry, then using a paper towel applied some pink ink and paint, rubbed the paint and ink back, and then glazed it. Let it dry and tied it to one of the packages. Once I had it all arranged in the box, I added some of my cards, my coupons, a FREE bar of soap (most of the time I will give out sample size soaps, but this was a more costly order so I went with a free bar), and a handmade card from me telling the customer how much I appreciated their business.
I love the fact that scrapping gives one the opportunity to give thought to your feelings and emotions when creating a project, and this one really did. It was very good for my soul!! Maybe do a little something for the soul today??
I clear the counters, filling the dirty pots with water and placing them elegantly on the stove, and pile the dishes in the sink. I sweep, mop and tidy up.
Hello my stitching friends ! :)
KBS 2TV ‘Boys Over Flowers’ cast – the F4 members Lee Min Ho, Kim Hyun Joong, Kim Bum, Kim Joon, together with Goo Hye Sun and Kim So Eun were at the wake of Jang Ja Yeon (27) on 8th March in Seoul University Hospital.
GBP/Euro: After recent corrective action the GBP upward cycle resumed today and after opening in the 1.2256 area prices headed higher for the balance of the morning session. Peaks were established around 1.2328 before profit taking trimmed gains and the market consolidated for the rest of the day to finally finish at 1.2316.
I'm pretty sure he was a little disappointed that I didn't even try to pretend I had a great internal struggle, but I immediately shouted: PAINT THE HOUSE! YIPPEE!!
I can hear someone crying, yet there is peace among the stars.
This post is designed to help you have a better understanding of the chemicals you will need to use to care for your pool and spas!
So my plea is neither to bury Tetley's nor to praise it. The old guard have spent years complaining about how the beer isn't what it was - that's the nature of nostalgia. And the new brooms will most likely have tried it once and dismissed it as old-fashioned - that's the nature of youth. What I urge both parties to do is see the cultural significance of this event, and use it as a spur to their drinking habits - local, global, traditional, innovative, it's about integrity. Drink what you like, and like what you drink, but do it for the right reasons - not solely for the sake of tradition, nor solely for the sake of fashion, but do it because it has a deeper meaning.
that the arrival of new BHA Chief Executive Paul Bittar will herald a more considered and decisive approach to the challenges ahead.
And maybe you'll find them a little disconcerting, as I did. But there will come a day when you tire of your isolation and you get out the map and finally realize that you may not live next door to any unschoolers, but there are unschooling families to the north, south, east and west who welcome visitors. And some of them are within a day's drive.
You'll remember that I complained about my mother being overly detached and absent. I punished her hard by refusing contact with her for more than a year. She's come back with a vengeance and is visiting so frequently it's now driving me mental. That old adage 'Be Careful what you wish for" is so fucking true. She's here from 11th - 24th April so expect lots of 'fucking hell, kill me now' posts and tweets during that time peeps.
Rnd 3) ch1, 2hdc in same st, 1hdc in next st, * 2hdc in nest st, 1hdc in nest st, repeat from * around (32hdc)
Cambodian yellow fish noodle soup ($6.50) is a mellow, creamy dish that uses the Khmer kitchen staple, prahoc. This much-loved paste is made by fermenting gouramy fish in ground rice and salt until it breaks down to a creamy consistency that looks like cheese. “It’s Cambodian cheese!” our server says. “The more the better!”
“How are you.”
Pundits on the right seem to want to talk about black on black crime as if it is connected in some way to the Zimmerman/Martin shooting. There is no doubt in anyone’s mind that black on black crime and the wave of gangland violence that has swept across cities like Chicago is an issue that needs to be addressed. But what does that have to do with the Zimmerman/Martin case?
Gingrich is also loathed by many of his fellow republicans. Glenn Beck came out against him, Michael Savage offered him a million dollars to not run, and Ann Coulter came out against him. As my friend Chris said, how can you trust someone whose own party won’t support him? Maybe the far right knows something about Gingrich that we don’t.
Bradly Tafiti: I was skeptical about the high quality of Mother’s Day Gifts in this cost
6. Latisse. It’s that stuff that you put on your eyelashes to make them longer. It discolors your irises, much like bleach does to clothing, and I don’t think it even works. Still, on the off chance that it actually makes lashes longer, what the fuck ladies? Your eyelashes don’t define you. Try mascara and falsies. Maybe what I’m actually scared of is women who use Latisse…
So guys how's your High School Reunion?
A "top" shot:
Jesus is our Lighthouse, He knows the way, the charts and maps for our journey is in His Hands Jn12:46, Jn14:6, as we turn to Him for guidance and protection we will not be drowned in the torrent of the waves and storms of life.
3. To See,
We stood at the window and presented our documents. After some scrutiny we were admitted through the small door. Inside was a conveyer belt where we were to place all our belongings and shoes. The inside was dark, in gray concrete with drab chipped industrial paint on metal surfaces. After entering each section of the maze, iron doors are locked behind you. We were destined to communicate with sign language made up of gestures and expressions. We are lead to a counter by a guard with keys and authority. Another door is closed and locked. At the counter, we can leave anything that we have brought for John - books clothes and papers. We stand rigid while we watch these few possessions be examined. They are accepted and we are lead into another concrete room lined with metal lockers that remind me of school lockers in the 1940s and 50s. There we divest ourselves of all possessions. We must not retain even so much as a single scrap of paper.
Some point later, Malchezaar came to Azeroth and turned up in Demon Fall Canyon. None of the other lesser demons there had ever been able to yank to axe out of the rocks, and they generally kept their distance, seeing as having the axe that killed their head honcho right there was probably kind of creepy. But, Malchezaar figured it would be a pretty good trophy for him to pick up for that very reason, and so after some doing he managed to yank it out of the stone. Apparently, by the way, he made a big deal about the fact that he was the one that managed to pull the axe out, and how that was an omen that he was destined for greatness and to be king of the demons and what-have-you, and by the way THAT’S when he started calling himself PRINCE Malchezaar, pretentious fucker.
6:45 AM – Morning Family Prayer – Kingston Springs UMC (368 North Main Street)
We have here a great live band, and a great new single, so I feel that my standard for judging this performance may be unfairly high, so let’s just say this: a B+ for the Foo Fighters is probably as good as an A for any number of lesser acts. B+
I was playing with the QuicKutz Sweetheart Release and I was trying to figure out a way to use the hearts for different occasions than the obvious love or Valentines. I was staring and staring when I saw the hearts turn into the petals of a clover. I remember seeing something similar made out of fabric in a magazine and I figured that I could do the same from paper.
Then suddenly her face stretched with the broadest, most genuine of smiles “Great!” she clasped her hand together “Henry” she called to a waiter, who rushed to her side like a breeze, pad and pen in his hands at the ready ” with my Morning Order get Mr. Akram his usual order. Potent cappuccino with whipped cream and no sugar” she turned to Mr. Akram, now bedazzled by her smiles “Am I right?”
WITH curly red hair and a cheeky smile, Little Orphan Annie will be hitting the Brisbane stage next week.
What I mean is that I've been doing a lot of different stuff over the past week or so, and so that's why there's not that many posts lately. Aw the graph is going down. Sadface. See picture at the bottom.
dried cherries
Jon Jefferson, a New York Times bestselling author known as part of the Jefferson Bass duo, talks about his previous life in television, his childhood reading (in rhyming riff), and his idea of good-enough -- a humble notion (my, my his novels have gotten some wonderful praise). He's a dynamic writer, a creator of great mysteries and thrillers with a keen understanding of humanity, and a great big heart ... and his latest is here: THE INQUISITOR'S KEY.
Needful Things is the last major story in King's string of tales taking place in the sinister fictional town of Castle Rock, Maine, where there have been many horrific occurrences that continually add to the town's evilness. The latest foe is a demon disguised as a man named Leland Gaunt who opens a new store in Castle Rock called Needful Things. Gaunt seems to have just what each resident wants the most, and he'll give it to you for a fair price. Somehow knowing all the townspeople's deepest secrets, Gaunt pits one person against another by having them play pranks on random people, until the seemingly innocent fun turns nothing short of deadly.
TRIVIAL PURSUIT: The film’s plot is based on the comic book stories “Emerald Dawn” and “Secret Origins.” The song Hal and Carol dance to, the Fleetwoods’ “Come Softly to Me,” was released in 1959, the same year the comic book Jordan made his debut.
This is the view as you enter our home.
The lady I talked to (different one from the first time) said that even if I came in with a letter from US Bank saying it had been paid off, they aren’t allowed to override their computers and open an account. And apparently, Chexsystems can leave that on my report for up to FIVE YEARS.
However some other paintings first made by E.Munch has been part of my painting education and here you will find some examples of these.
I am not making this up, it’s right there in Ephesians. It is not inappropriate or rebellious to seek balanced and Christ-instructed leadership, especially when we start by asking God how he might want to use US to equip his Church.
She had a small sewing room right off the kitchen at our house. My bedroom was directly above it, and often I could hear the whirring of the sewing machine at night when I drifted off to sleep. It was a lullaby that always made me feel loved.
It's the Bargaining. The Bargaining that we did with Reality. That's when we grew.
________________________________________________________________
All of this, and many other systems, are fundamentally shaped by Kabala.
fallen out of time, feeling like every era at once
I have work to do this year. Yes, we might be tired but I need to pick myself up and continue in the work the Lord has prepared for me to do, because my tiredness is nothing compared to 99% of the rest of the world. And before I ever watched that conference or heard those speakers I had selected this motto for myself for this year, to think of others before myself. To remember that reaching out to others, that remembering their needs and their wants above my own is the surest cure for the blues or the self-centered thinking that pulls me down in a whirlpool of self-pity.
I love my dad with all my heart, but the bottom line is that Jesus completes me, all else is grace. (Dad would love to hear me say that, and would add a big, "Amen!")
To make the glaze, in a bowl, combine the sugar, vanilla, and water and mix until smooth. Drizzle the cake with the glaze and let harden slightly. Serve warm.
THE HEART OF IT ALL. What “All” is, I don’t know, but I guess I’ll find out.
These days Becky can be found failing but trying to keep up with her housework, sweating at the gym, carting her kids around town, playing tennis, hunched over her computer, eating chocolate, or collapsed on the sofa watching TV with her husband.
Of course, the reality is that displacement is a function of market forces. Landlords capitalize on improved conditions and raise rents. Most landlords would prefer to retain tenants - there is less loss of income during vacancy and no concessions typically given to new tenants. But, in rapidly gentrifying areas, few small merchants are able to afford extraordinary increases. They vacate to newer businesses, often national giants, who can pay these rents.
And the time
On Occupy Wall Street’s “general strike” Mayday, a thought on activism and history. I think I just heard David Graeber, author of Debt, a book I admire very much, say on Brian Lehrer’s show that the term “general strike” is now being redefined in context of the inescapable fact that American organized labor has not come out on strike today. Graeber explained that dissonance by noting that laws have made sympathy strikes illegal, anomalously in Graeber’s view when compared to standards of labor activism that he says prevailed in the 19th century.
Then the debate began on the show, as to whether this was the right thing to do or not. The point on the Ritz’s side is that it has put customers off their tea etc. and it is not something that the public should have to see. The opposing point is that the point of art is that it is supposed to create a reaction, to stir the pot, this is what it is doing.
STOP!
I've made a little box frame for this weeks challenge over at Polka Doodles which is Cabin Fever, so we want to see loads of Summery cards and and projects. The prize is a brand new Candy Doodles Collectors Edition CD. Anyhow, it's stash box stamp week which meant that I got to play with one of my gorgeous uninked stamps, so here's my offering for this weeks challenge, a box frame made entirley from paper/card. I hope you like it, cos I think you'll be seeing a few more of these! :D
My fingers ached for nothing but to touch you
My main advice would be : free yourself from numbers. Humans are too oppressed and controlled by numbers. Break the chains of numbers and then you will breathe better and your music will sound better too. That’s why I mainly use Soundcloud. I found great artists better than most of the Top 50 and they have less than 50 followers. Yet their music is brilliant. Millions don’t certify value. And if you doubt me, check which videos have gazillions views online. See if you find an interesting one.
Throw any lawyer a typical contract from an author solutions service—as well as a handsome fee—and they will happily go at it with red pen in hand and the kind of gusto you’ve never seen before. Their conclusion, when the red pen runs out of ink, will be along the lines of ‘are these guys taking the piss?’
OK, so I don't regularly pump money into the DA, but I do support them occasionally. Upon reading this email, I am struck by the notion of "What have you done for me lately, DA?"
I am off thru Monday to celebrate the New Year with my family. We are headed to the Inner Harbor in Baltimore today—they do lots of fun New Years Eve events along with fireworks over the water so we are looking forward to that. Then back to the grind for 2012 and I have LOTS & LOTS planned for the new year so just wait---I’m super excited about the things I have coming this year. Whoo hooo and happy to have you all with me along for the journey! So a very Happy New Year to you all—may it be blessed and fabulous all year long!
Hi my fabby Squiggle friends here is my Friday post, hope you are all used to the little darlings being back at school. I am just wading through the first lot of school letters for trips, clubs and requests for money lol.
good evening all.i hope you are all well.my day off tomorrow so i am hoping to get little mans cards made for his nans and then i need to make 4 boxes.here is my 2nd mothers day card, we just need to decide which mum gets which now.lol.
The Waters of Babylon(1957), and The Workhouse Donkey(1963) concern corruption in local politics and the interference of local bureaucrats in deviant groups like nomadic Gypsy's in Live Like Pigs(1958) and the morality of empire and war in Sergeant Musgrave's Dance(1959).
Into the deep…
Think back to the last time you didn’t have a television in your house.
A crowd of birds in Barstow, loud outside
But then they will leave and Brazilians will be left with the hangover. Few new roads. Few new airports. Not enough new hotels. Arenas that will be white elephants. Inadequate infrastructure. All at a cost many times more than it was supposed to cost.
Here is the kicker. No statement of sources and uses of cash was provided. But the senior guy Xiaofeng Peng gets up and says its all remarkably well.
I used a file from Creative Kuts called, what else, "It Won't Hurt". I have to admit, though, that I cut all of the pieces and left them for a day or two. By then, I couldn't tell one body part from another, so I cheated and cut a body from the Paper Doll Dress Up cartridge. I will probably add some embellishments around the pictures whenever we get her ears done but here it is as of now.
Meaning: Lung Cancer. Clear ribbon to represent clear lungs.
What’s even more amazing, however, is that John Nathan-Turner took a chance on the relatively wet behind the ears director Graeme Harper. This could have been a disaster, yet it ended up anything but. Harper was hungry to make a name for himself, and it shows. His direction of “Androzani” is nothing short of revolutionary for this series, and he crams the frame with one invention after another. Harper remains the only director to helm stories in both the classic series and the new, however “Androzani” remains the jewel in his crown. What he was able to achieve with little money and no time should have been an inspiration for every Who director that came after him.
The first of these exceptions is Little Einsteins. Nick loved to watch the show the first year, maybe two of his life…and then he got too smart or maybe too diabolical to watch it.
It doesn’t mean they do love each other.
Due Thursday-
He’d played out this scenario a dozen times in his head since making the decision; not once did it turn out his way. He was supposed to return to Earth a hero, exactly the kind of symbol NASA needed right now for the public to rally around. Not some sniveling and selfish pussy like Ryan Claypool.
Up ahead were some more zombies headed our way. Rick ran over a few, avoiding most of them and zig zagged through, hitting one every now and then but not slowing down.
May 5 Galleria 814 (814 St. Clair W.) 9 p.m.
G -Grass. We have lots of it and mowing the lawn is a mayor job. Did it this week and had a great workout.
Originally featured in Rage Zine.
Take the sandwich off of the grill, let sit for a few minutes before cutting in half.
So why am I hoping that I’m yours?
Since Matt & I have our hands too busy already with processing & shipping art prints & original paintings every day, our assistants Amber & Chris will be handling the orders, payments & shipping from our Midwest Shipping Location through our store Magical_Figurines on eBay. Amber is my sister, Chris is her husband - they are also our employees (and parents of baby Willow and Fox!). As always you can expect the same great service, packaging & fast shipping you get from my art prints/original painting eBay store (Strangeling) - but if you have questions about Cameos, Dogtag/ID Pendants, or have special requests, etc. you will need to contact Chris directly at celpainting@hotmail.com since he'll be processing & shipping orders.
I know of no reason
Now don't get me wrong, Breanna has her up-side too! She's very smart, and can be sweet when she wants. She always hugs us good-night and tells us she loves us (yes we respond with the same). And even though Dustin picks on her constantly, she has yet to cry about it.
Update 4/24
This "recipe" is more of a method, you can change out the fruit to whatever you like best. The yogurt is a must have for me - but feel free to use plain or vanilla or even another flavor if you prefer - but it really adds to the creamy smooth texture of the smoothie. I also always combine fruit juice and milk instead of just milk to add some extra flavor. Orange juice is my favorite but I also sometimes use cranberry juice - it's especially good with blueberries in your smoothie. My final tip is frozen berries - using frozen berries means you don't have to add ice. Your smoothie will have so much more flavor if you use frozen fruit instead of ice which dilutes the smoothie. Occasionally I use frozen banana too - it's a great way to use up bananas that are almost past their prime, peel them, cut them into big chunks and freeze in a Ziploc bag and then use throw them in smoothies.
So that's me review. On Stranger Tides by Tim Powers, 2 coconut monkey heads full of booze out of 5. Give it a miss.
Nickels 2
At this point, we would like to wish our friend Barley a Happy Gotcha Day. She has been with cat_aunty for a whole year and is now living the good life.:)
My mom and I prepared dinner: Filet Mignon, Salad, Potatoes, Corn, Croissants and Apple Pie. It was delicious! I love that we don't do the 'traditional turkey'. After all, it makes you feel so lazy and tired! Since we only use our dining room for holidays/special occasions, I love decorating it :) so here are a few pictures of our festive fall table:
But there is an emptiness that begins to fill in our hearts: We wish we could go too.
This means their information flows will change, because even now many Acutes use the CDS and the old NHS performance framework to drive their understanding of their service.
When you make sound nutritional choices you have the opportunity to dramatically reduce your risk for many health challenges. The same is true in your spiritual life—when you decide to ingest a regular diet of God’s Word, spiritual vitality results. According to Psalm 119, an excellent Spiritual Nutrition Guide, God’s Word is your . . .
7. writing
Girls Write Now is a New York City-based organization which pairs a professional female writer with a teen writer from an underserved public school. Each week, mentors and mentees meet up for an hour-long one-on-one session while 6 times throughout the school year, the group gets together for genre workshops ranging in everything from fiction and journalism to memoir and sketch comedy.
A small portion of my father’s ashes were also given to my sister and I, wrapped up in a plastic bag and sealed in small ceramic boxes that my father himself had made. My sister scattered her portion somewhere in the Alaskan wilderness, I’m assuming, and I took my portion to Vedauwoo Park in Wyoming, which I had always envisioned showing him someday.
About one out of every six children in the United States has a high level of lead in the blood, according to the Agency for Toxic Substances and Disease Registry. Many of these children are exposed to lead through peeling paint in older homes. Others are exposed through dust or soil that has been contaminated by old paint or past emissions of leaded gasoline.
As I mentioned the doors came primed only, so I used the brush again to go around all of the insets of the door itself.
Occasion: During a break after hiking through the Andes mountains.
Josh Berk - The Dark Days of Hamburger Halpin
“I think Teds calling me” I lie blushing.
Hope that helps provide a bit of insight for you in interpreting the short story “Clesia”.
Former African Footballer of the Year and Nigeria’s all time goal hero, Rashidi Yekini has died at age 48.
Novel writing has taken a bit of a back burner as I wrap up some loose ends for the Nutritional Snack Program that I have coordinated. I will likely be living elsewhere in September so I want the new coordinator to have an easy transition into this new project. I leave for Newfoundland soon(finally) and that is when I will get working on the novel again. I am excited to finally write the story that is in my brain begging to be told. I also have a non-fiction book in the works. So I will be on Change Islands for a few weeks and head to St. John's near the end of July to hit George Street and visit my sister and shop for a home in the area. I cannot even explain how excited I am. I've promised them I'll try to bring along that big ball of fire that I see every morning. They're happy about that!
Today, Mama tried to shovel, but see, I've never been to the front of my house. It was scary. I met a neighbor dog and tried to run into the street, because seriously, Dude, what's a street? Everything I see is highly suspicious. I mean you take me from my real mom and then my sisters and put me in something that moves for over an hour. Then I'm supposed to "sit" and "go potty" in some strange neighborhood. Give. Me. A. Break. I'm only 4 months old you know.
But it looks like I won't have to. Check it out:
Beautifully carved in wood . . .male and female figures . . to look at today . . .
This week my RA was at nationals for dive. He ended up getting 6th for the 3 meter and 5th for the 1 meter! While he was gone our RD, Kevin, made Chris and I the Temporary Resident Assistants. He really meant for us to make sure people observed quiet hours, but we took it to a whole new level. We started with taking pictures dressed as Austyn, which were golden, but only the tip of the iceberg.
He’d invariably say something like, “What in the H*E*double-hockey-sticks is going on?” Or “What in the H*E*double-crooked-letter….?” Even though anyone who has ever had to spell Mississippi knows that the ‘crooked letter’ is an “S”, which meant he was asking us just what in the Hess was going on, and that made him a Communist.
While school uses most people (wasting their time with things they don't care about), my daughter uses school.
Film the natural progression of art from the literary works that drove society and the convergence of pictures/paintings which once drove culture. Films strength is talking an individual out of their mind their culture themselves. Taking an individual and putting them into a strangers shoes. Film puts you in someone else’s head, you have no control over the character you can’t change the outcomes. You are on a ride a thrill ride and mind trip. Almost any film no matter how good or bad will draw you in to a state of mind you wouldn’t usually be in. Film helps grow understanding acceptance spread tolerance but it can also be used for evil. Film is the natural progression of story telling.
Can you tell me how I’d be getting this money and how long it will take? I have been wanting to buy a new home for quite some time and I saw that Barry Manilow’s house is for sale and it’s only $10.9M – obviously this is a very cheap deal and I was hoping to jump on it. I was going to have a housewarming party and hire someone from LA Ink to come by so everyone can get free tattoos. I was thinking of getting one right above my rear end that says, “For Deposit Only” – what do you think? I was thinking I would put up $100,000 to the first person who gets a tattoo of Megatron violating a toaster oven. That would be a funny tattoo.
“These are the people whom you want to have help us with the bandits?” asked Arik incredulously.
Baguio is known for great wagwag or ukay-ukay. From my last trip to the City of Pines last December, I asked my friend Sharon to shop with me at the Hilltop, my favorite place where you can buy great wagwag stuff.
in my path
In Wales the political is personal, and the personal is critical. My sympathy with the Anti-Apartheid Movement stemmed from having had to listen to my distant cousin "Uncle Robin", who had emigrated to South Africa to join the Bureau of State Security. The last time I'd seen him was May 1979, when he'd popped back to Britain for the general election in order to see "that Communist, David Owen" lose his seat.
Me: "ARE YOU SERIOUS?!"
Are these the only things that light up my heart? Absolutely not. A good shoe sale at DSW pretty much makes my day as well, but overall, the above makes my heart s smile. Oh darnit, another long post. I have got to do better.
Some of you passed on the post I wrote, you cared, opened your heart, chipped in, and followed her story along, it was beautiful. There was quite a bit of uncertainty, (as is usually the case with international adoptions) as to how long Corinne would actually be in Ethiopia waiting it out for the final papers and the law of the land to stamp what needed to be stamped, and then send them on their way home to be a new family. So she did the right thing and planned for the worst, and with the help of her close friends, and her family, and many of the people that read here, in just a couple days, Corinne had reached her financial goal for her extended stay in Addis. Now, one thing that she made clear and I thought was amazing, was that if things went quick, and she got to come home sooner than she had planned with the baby, she would take whatever money was left over and donate it to the orphanage. Awesome right?! Having spent so much time there getting to know the nannies there, and the other kids, she couldn't be happier to pass on the good will. The orphanage has so many needs that deciding on what would be the biggest help to them has proven to be a complicated decision. One of the options that I love the most is buying them their own cow. Whatever she decides to do, I know it will be amazing-- there were so many of you that read here, that decided to help her, and I personally wanted to say thank you again.
THE BIGGEST HOCKEY game to be played in Nice in the past few years took place on Saturday night and we were there to watch...and participate. Henry was part of the introductions and the Nice Under-9 team skated out with the big boys when they were introduced to the crowd. He later played a very short exhibition game between the first and second periods. After the game, the local France 3 television station had a report on the game and both Henry and Patrick made a little cameo -- you can see them in the background giving the players High-Fives as Stanislov Sutor, the head coach, is being interviewed. The cameo starts at about the :42 mark. In fact, you can just see them above Sutor's right shoulder in the still below: Henry has the blue shirt (blond hair) and Patrick is just behind him with the red ski cap on).
I’m going to go find a place to display my new soap dish. Perhaps on the mantle next to the statue of The Thinker…
Bye bye C’ya!
How does one stay sane with this back-to-back-to-back work lifestyle? When I find out, I'll let you know via tag you in a Facebook note. Until then, though, I revel in the few minutes I can find to engage in my passion: on my breaks between doubles (ranging from a half- to two hours), or on a sparsely peopled subway train or platform, I pull out my Andante practice pad and Vic Firth 5As (which I carry in my bag wherever I go) and tap away to anything with a steady beat - my ipod, car alarm, or the second hand of a public clock. Buying Stick Control For the Snare Drummer was probably one of the best decision I've ever made for music, and I've only progressed to halfway down the first half of the first page in the month I've owned it.
It’s always been hard for me to forgive myself for mistakes, missteps, failures. It’s taken me a long time to learn to laugh at myself. There is this adorable story from my childhood when I gave my nickname when asked for my middle name that my mom loves to tell. It’s cute because I was so enthusiastically wrong, so impossibly and irrationally confident in my incorrect exclamation. But I hated when she told the story. I was beyond embarrassed and you can be sure that, after being laughed at, I never confused the two again.
I wonder if the advertised curriculum Professional Seminars include guest speakers like Bill Ayers or Van Jones? Only the first semester is on-campus; the rest is "distance learning' to get you back into your own community and start agitating the proletariat in your local kollektiv zones. Your open electives can include attending local Occupy riots or registering dead people to vote for Democrats.
25And it shall be our righteousness, if we observe to do all these commandments before the LORD our God, as he hath commanded us.
(Of course, some Muslims object to the depiction of Mohammed at all, even by non-Muslims, but that is an entirely bogus argument. Muslims may make a point of principle and theology of not depicting their prophet, but such a principle cannot apply, or even have any meaning, to those who do not adhere to the religion.)
We are going to bounce back. And we will come back a thousand times stronger. And in a few years time, I dare say, we will be a political force to rival any that the world has ever seen before.
All my best,
The High Court of Australia has ruled that ISPs have no duty to control what use people make of their services. Making ISPs into censors would be an unbelievable mess. The Australian case could now be strongly argued as a precedent in other English-speaking jurisdictions. To have the internet free of censorship in Australia only would make other countries look ridiculous.
Well, I used my dainty talented fingers, grabbed some scrapbook paper and covered the heck out of three of my books.
What time in your life does it transport you back to?
We can always, we can always,
As I argue, however, not only is an inference to an intelligent cause not the same as an inference to the supernatural, it is a mistake to assume that all gap arguments are bad, or that only theists make them. If a gap argument is based solely on ignorance of what might explain some phenomenon, then indeed it is a bad argument. But there are many good gap arguments which are made both by scientific materialists and proponents of intelligent design.
Consider vintage & handmade pieces. So sweet and often better for the environment.
Row 9-10- rep row 8 Finish off.
I spent a day indulging in my love of horse, nature and discovery and I even got to walk a new trail. I went to the Danada Forest Preserve, 834 acres, and the Danada Equestrian Center in Wheaton, Illinois.
For today, I am still happily Cattywampused! A happy Suessical day to all!
Boy-howdy are you in luck, then!
APPROXIMATE TIME:
2) I’m a no-talent hack.
It's gardening season.
The day is calm, quiet, productive, nourishing.
2.) “Mr. Montag, you are looking at a coward. I saw the way things were going a long time back. I said nothing. I am one of the innocents who could have spoken up and out when no one would listen to the 'guilty,' but I did not speak and thus became guilty myself.” -From Fahrenheit 451 by Ray Bradbury
How sweet is this sentiment! i really love it!! so sweet! i know just the friend to send it to at the moment no names but she'll know who she is when she gets it hehe!!
This began in the 40’s and 50’s with Project Troy that mobilised top scholars to identify available means of transmitting the “truth” (i.e., US propaganda) behind the Iron Curtain through powerful radio transmitters like the Voice of America, the broadcasting network created by the International Information Service (IIS), another PsyWar institution created under the Truman Administration.
Before I sally forth to address other plot and story related topics with regards to novel writing, I'd like to make an announcement. My largely neglected (mostly by myself) blog, Ask Me Anything, is getting reworked to address my current fascination with manga/anime which, after more than four nonstop months, is still going strong. As in I'm going to try to learn how to read Japanese which puts me, I think, a step beyond a dabbler. The new title is "The Unlikely Otaku" where otaku is a term to describe an obsessive fan of some form of media or another.
Even though the sun played hooky, it was a beautiful day for a festival. This is a good one put on by the Walker County Arts Alliance. The artists were exceptional.
Swell to dwell upon, to throw myself upon, see all this life I’ve been searching
Benedict Cumberbatch and Jonny Lee Miller won joint 'Best Actor' awards for his production.
Honorable mention: Pikachu. I fell in adulation with him if I started arena Air-conditioned Accident Bros. He's the cutest ever.
Democracy: The first Prime Minister in our history found in contempt of Parliament, Harper limits media questions to five per meeting. Harper also forces his backbenchers to always vote in line. Harper campaigned on transparency and fewer appointments to Senate, yet has made the most appointments in history, killed the Freedom to Information Act swiftly and quietly, prorogued government to avoid democratic processes which include coalitions (yep, they’re very legal; Harper even tried to use one to his advantage against the Liberals)… Oh, and did I mention his wealthy party attempting to castrate smaller parties – thereby hampering democracy – by removing the stipend each party gets from the government per vote received during an election? That’s right; Harper’s Goverment (because it’s not our country’s government, anymore; just check the papers) feels that I do not have the right to dictate that a whopping $2 and change of MY taxes go to the party I have chosen to represent ME. And then, we have those pesky police investigations showing that the Cons violated election spending laws in a previous go-round – essentially buying the election, as proven and upheld in the Appeals Court. Hmm….
As with Rinne no Lagrange, Bakuman didn’t last long on my ‘stalled’ pile. I was beginning to find it a little repetitive, plus Mashiro and Takagi’s lack of enthusiasm for their gag manga seemed to be rubbing off on me, but the series soon recovered as the side characters were developed further, and character relationships became more intertwined. Ashirogi’s decision to drop a marginally successful publication and gamble on something that’d put them back up with Niizuma in the ratings further strengthened the latter part of the series. I look forward to season 3!
People feel very proud to use the products of such an esteemed and a reputed company. For example wearing Atomic Solar Watch WVA430J-1A is thus a pride for the people. Such a trendy and a highly fashionable watch is thus a status symbol for people. Because of the looks of this watch you can wear it in the office or for some casual gatherings. It is suitable for all the occasions. The contemporary black resin strap adds more value to the looks of the Atomic Solar Watch WVA-430J .Some of the other features which makes this watch an exception are as mentioned. Casio Men’s WVA430J-1 Waveceptor Solar Atomic Ana-Digi Sport Watch has an accurate stop watch function, it has a feature which allows the watch to offer all its customers the facility of elapsed and split time modes, you can quiet conveniently wear this watch in 29 time zones, it has 3 alarms and Casio Men’s WVA430J-1A sport watch comes with a 12/24 hour format.
Great Divide Hibernation; Denver, Colorado, Old Ale, 8.7%
Wow. Shocker. Starting with the 1st round selection, Ryan Tannehill.. I have absoloutely no problem with this selection. There is such a massive drop-off after the top 7 or 8 prospects in this draft that Tannehill at this pick really isn’t that much of a reach. He has the upside and as strange as this may sound, Tannehill couldn’t have found himself a better set of circumstances in Miami. When Joe Philbin was interviewed after the draft he stated that Tannehill had already learned the entire playbook, yes that seems entirely implausible but Tannehill’s former head coach at Texas A&M, Mike Sherman just so happens to be the Dolphins new offensive co-ordinator.
basket E43, E47
Please, I beg of you, oh-so-wise- blogger friends, offer me some pearls of wisdom so that I may walk into this magical mystery time warp the sane, self-confident woman that I am today.
Inconsiderate assholes. To hell with them.
02 Bumps And Grinds
I've had cause to visit a M&S store a few times recently, whilst waiting for car repairs to be completed. The 2 branches local to me have usually a good range, and as Meer for Beer in her recent run of posts has noted they've also a few new additions to this range, selected and brewed by the countries better breweries.
EMO: *presses button*
Despite this rigorous schedule, the Shoemakes consider themselves lucky.
Williams Brewery will all be available on a mix 4 bottles͵ for a mere €10.
Isn't life just like that?
"Sweet" isn't a word I typically use to describe books that come through this site, but it's highly appropriate for Jeff Berg's children's tale, Mrs. Clause & the Batty Christmas.
Lists of what to bring.. lists of what meals to cook.. lists of appointments.. lists..lists..lists..
-Corey. Wants Al to have fun at the ballgame.
head pillowed in moment reeling
Okay, the Living Room...
Her instant dance was also better than expected. I thought she would have the most trouble, because she tends to over-prepare and get out of sorts if anything goes awry. She held it together and performed, what looked to be, a very fast tempo, technically demanding jive.
Why are you doing this City of Fremantle? Why don’t you support local people who create fantastic markets and raise funds for the school at the same time. What is the matter with this stupid greedy attitude. Do you really intend to kill all initiatives? You are a bunch of boring, narrow minded bureaucrats, and that is the reason nothing ever happens in this city. Shame on you, you are making us the joy-kill capital of Australia!!
Selevan SG, Lindbohm ML, Hornung RW, Hemminki K. A study of occupational exposure to antineoplastic drugs and fetal loss in nurses. N Engl J Med 1985; 313: 1173-1178.
October is now our target reentry date – exactly one year from the last time we played out.
If we have reached the end of the horizon,
We set up our computers in this fabulous screened in sun porch. The spring weather was fantastic - just cool enough to make the hot coffee taste even more wonderful. Rosemary has little hummingbird friends and other native Texas birds right outside her windows who shared their joyful songs with us each morning.
How do you explain “tomorrow” to a toddler?
Please I beg you, If you are the one and you are here, stay put with God at the altar tonight, don’t go home beg him until he will change his mind, when we finish stay put, you he knows all things. If it is your relatively, if you have ever heard someone says that, tell him what came out this night.
At the moment Tacocopter is having trouble getting their business off the ground though. The FAA has declined to license the commercial use of drones in urban environments. A bit ironic when the government is asserting the right to use drones to assassinate US citizens without due process, n'est-ce pas?
“There is no work that affects Me; nor do I aspire for the fruits of action. One who understands this truth about Me also does not become entangled in the fruitive reactions of work.”(Bg. 4.14)
I know I haven't really post much here lately as it has been super crazy on my end. I am working on getting all my pictures before and after my laser vein surgery in order for ya'll to see. My leg looks so much better and feels great! I am not in pain from them no more! They thought some of my veins might still bulge due to the elasticity being shot after bulging so long that I might have to have shots! But I didn't!
This has been an extremely successful program and Kepler has identified 1000′s of these Exoplanets in our galaxy. But Kepler 22b is the first confirmed planet in the Goldilocks Zone and most likely a rocky planet like Earth.
Decca ECS 2116 (first issued 1963 as: Decca SKL 4523) Matrices: ZAL 5549 -2G / ZAL 5550 -2G
OFFICIAL RULES OF THE CONTEST:
Every week, that particular PR person turned up at recordings of the show with different lovely girls on his arm – sometimes three girls – a blonde, a brunette and a redhead. The TV producer was a bit of a philanderer; it was for him to choose whether he wanted the blonde, the brunette or the redhead. Or two of them. Or all three. After the show, they would all go back to a London flat where there were mirrors on the walls.
Do I take back my bold typed clue words about the game, mental health, simulation/virtual, matrix, things happening in the head/mind/consciousness, events blurring together, and all those things? NO!!
To bring this adorable image to life, I used my colouring pencils as well as some of my Derwent watercolouring pencils. I blended with my stumps and Zest It oil. The white card I have used to matt & layer is called Ice White Photographic paper and can be purchased from here. It really is a brilliant, smooth white and I use this for some of my printed backing papers as well as all of my decoupage. I don't use this for stamping/colouring though, for that I tend to stick to neenah cardstock.
Stoltz
There are many different types of eye in the living world. We are accustomed to the camera-type eye found in vertebrates. This structure works on the principle of the refraction of light, which falls onto the lens and is focused on a point behind the lens inside the interior of the eye.
I was pretty sure she only loved me for my world famous cinnamon rolls.
I really don’t know. I guess what I’ve come to is that I don’t think there’s necessarily much I can do. I was all worried before because, as the download numbers rose, I felt this huge need to be capitalizing on the momentum in some way, and I couldn’t think of how.
Growing your own food is as exciting as it is unpredictable. In our culture where we've tried as hard as possible to remove all risk, surprise, and danger, a garden can be one of the most exciting and humbling projects to take on.
and witnessed
According to customs of the time, a first-century Jewish wedding would not have been a private family celebration, but a public event recognizing the union of the bride and groom as well as the joining of the two families. The celebration typically took place in the groom’s own home, which was made open to guests for several days and thus open to public scrutiny.
…and I get to go home to see my family.
Mix dry ingredients together in a bowl. Shred zucchini and pat dry with a tea towel or paper towel. You want to get as much moisture out of the zucchini as possible so your pancakes cook through properly, otherwise they won't cook very well inside. Mix the zucchini into the dry ingredients and coat evenly, then add almond milk and stir well. Heat oil or margine over medium-low heat in skillet. Spoon 1/8-1/4 cup of batter into pan. Cook over low heat (3) until the pancakes bubble, flip and cook the other side until golden brown. Serve with your favorite syrup!
Why: I am listening to the audiobook, but I have never seen the movie. The kid is supposed to be 5, but I keep picturing him being way older. Sadie is 4 and 5/6ths, and though she runs her mouth quite a bit, I can't really imagine her saying some of this stuff just yet.
Anyway, I took the opportunity to read everyone’s Thanksgiving posts. After that, I thought about working on finishing my nano wip. I wasn’t really in the mood, so thought if I listened to some music I had downloaded for my MC, I could get into the mood. It kinda worked….
Unknown but now known freind,
b) The palm tree is a symbol for beautifying the temple… 1 Kings 6:29-35… carvings of palm trees were made on the walls.
The text is interesting not in so much as it represents a mirror image of our thoughts as modern White Americans, but as more of an old home movie of how those thoughts used to look.
she smiles and tells our kids how beautiful they are,
For those of you who have never been on Jury Duty, you have to check in and go through security and then make your way to the basement. There were tons of people there and so many lines that seemed to take forever! Once through the lines, I found myself a seat and started my people watching. I even had a lady, sitting next to me, offer me a magazine once. I told her I was enjoying my people watching. :) She laughed and agreed that it was some good times for watching.
America abbreviations are in brackets...
Doves are paralleled to bandits, because doves are dirty and cannot even build nests.
In terms of the cake, anything that you ask your caterer to serve (including wines and champagnes) must be Kosher. This means that the cake must be Pareve. A lot of people don't like Pareve baked goods, (I personally LOVE them). Discuss the option of serving another tasty dessert (a fruit tart, etc) as an alternative for those guests who aren't such big fans of Pareve.--Xochitl of Always a Bridesmaid
Why a drastic change in this 15 years old boy? I am sure that his parents want the best for him too, wanting him to excel in his studies too and so on and so forth but the reality is if the parents' intentions are good then something must be wrong some where right?
Step Two: Then using a hair tie, put the rest of your hair into a loose ponytail or bun.
The Top 10 included the antidepressants: (10) Pristiq, (9) Effexor, (8) Luvox, (3) Praxil, and (2) Prozac; anti-anxiety medication: (7) Halcion; ADHD drugs: (6) Strattera, and (4) Various; Malaria treatment: Larium; and anti-smoking medication: (1) Chantix.
Among them, are those who like to argue to prove a point, those who argue for arguments sake, and those who argue to win.
Check out our Facebook Event for more details and to RSVP, so we can add you to the guest list. We already have a massive amount of people coming.. almost 40 have RSVP’ed so far so you do not want to miss this!!
It wasn’t until they tried to take the ferry home that Kay and Alice realized they were the only suspects in a missing persons case.
It was about that time Alex blurted out incredulously, "Are we still talking about Lucien???"
4. Driven a car? - I love driving.
On a personal level, the moon birthday resonated with some of the more unrealistic plans I have dreamed up in my life, like the time I decided to make my husband a quilt two weeks before our wedding, even though I don’t sew, or my urge to try new complicated recipes when guests come over, even if I have never made them before.
whom she would always be holding near.
space in the kitchen, which was much-needed.
(10 x 4 = 40 marks)
* 3/4 cup prepared or refrigerated chocolate chip cookie dough, divided
It is not only food - homewares have realised the marketing potential. Over the weekend I saw an advert for bedding store BedShed with a stamp "Born and Bred in WA". And as a recent returnee from the East I find myself explaining first that I was Born and Bred in WA before temporarily (16 years) decamping to the Eastern States but now have found my way home. Conversations go so much easier after that.
- If charity donation is made compulsory, doesn't it become a tax?
They told him: “We are not going to publish it.”
Tall Paul...Annette
Some genius planted fields of grains all around the new school by our house. Addie is fascinated by them and loves spending time wandering around and playing in their great heights. The other day, we decided to harvest some of the Rye. We are gathering it up with the thought of milling it and making our own crackers - I am eyeing various cracker recipes - any suggestions? It is slow going but pleasant work, and hey, we've got the time!
A one-day advance tasting package cost $15 and includes admission for one day, a tasting mug, 7 tasting tickets, and express entry. A two-day advance tasting package costs $25 and includes admission for both days, a tasting mug, 14 tasting tickets, and express entry. Tickets at the door cost the same, but include only 5 tasting tickets for one day, 10 tasting tickets for both days, and no express entry. A full mug of beer costs 4 tickets, a taster costs 1 ticket. Additional tasting tickets may be purchased at $1 apiece. Minors are welcome on Saturday only until 3PM.
10/7 – The Oasis – Charleston, SC
Delhi was by no means alone in asserting an independent stance. Other countries, too, have been resisting what they consider to be strong-arm tactics by the anti-Iran bloc of nations to force reluctant governments to toe the line. The United States, the European Union and Israel are far from happy about this.
For the Women’s 10k and the Glasgow Half Marathon I ran most of the route quite a few times before race day so that I knew what was coming and so that I could challenge myself on the day.
Another trip to Portland, a month after the last one. Extraordinary. Sometimes it takes a couple of months before I can get away. I have yet another opportunity to revisit last month's fantasy, but I suspect I'll just forge ahead and do The Right Thing (tm) and deliver the goods as promised. This time I'm off to a Meet-the-Brewer event at the Green Dragon that I was talked into against my better judgment, and then another cask over to the friendly folks at Belmont Station.
Although I’m not into flower photos, I liked the bokeh in this one and the detail of the rain drops that are on the flower.
- Parking (10 places)
On a positive note, there were absolutely no breakages :) Phew!
I liked this point, though:
More importantly Abaya Collection will be sponsoring and supporting an event in Slough on August 8th 2010 where money raised will be sent to Gaza via the Convoy called Road to Hope departing in October. At the event there will be a fashion show directed by Ashia in addition to a number of stalls and activities. The aim of this convoy is to take humanitarian aid to the people of Gaza in order to provide as much aid and comfort as possible. The Road to Hope is apolitical cause and all volunteers seek to achieve humanitarian ends. The cause in Gaza is something important to Ashia and the collaboration in raising money for the convoy reflects in the importance business’ play in charity. Further information can be found on the Hijablicious website and facebook page.
The Flesch Quartet's totally committed performances are nothing short of phenomenal, illuminating the complex textures with such detail that the music almost sounds less dense than it really is. Dramatic intensity is also high and wonderfully sustained. All praise to AS&V then for this valuable addition to the Rawsthorne discography, particularly in his centenary year which has been somewhat neglected by the record companies.
LA: This song is called ‘Brother’, it was written for my two little brothers from the perpective of me and my older brother. Did I say it’s called ‘Brother’?
6) tsp or so of soy sauce
and did I mention Dennis Lehane?!!
Today was the Thanksgiving feast in Nate's preschool class. The parents walking around asking if kids would like some "delicious chicken" brought him to tears at first, but I encouraged him to try the pumpkin muffins & stuffing we'd brought (he had two helpings) made with farm vegetables (sadly the celery leaves in the stuffing were the only green vegetable among the dozen plus food items). He
Have you ever wondered, if both the Democrats and the Republicans are against deficits, WHY do we have deficits?
As much as these LP's where fucking classics the covers to most of them are FUCKING SHITE!!!
How do you know you’re praying to “the God revealed in Scripture”? - Study the Word. Don’t accept the image of God portrayed by the world, even though it appeals to the natural mind. A kind, gentle Santa Claus figure, dispensing good times with no sense of justice or truth, appeals to guilty sinners. Look to the thunderings and lightnings of Mount Sinai. Gaze at Jesus on the cross of Calvary –hanging in unspeakable agony because of the justice of a holy God. Such thoughts tend to banish idolatry!
We passed some camels but I was happier to be on a horse!
Do you have any badges/scarfs?
1 sour unripe mango. ( You can find it at the India Store or at any other Asian Market)
But felt so alone,
Regardless, it has been most welcome and needed in the end. Funny how sometimes we cannot see the answer, which is right in front of us. That which is most obviously needed seems somehow inconceivable. One way or another life has a way of making you notice and forcing you to react. It has been a time of reflection as well as inventory. Time to accept my limitations as well as my potentials. Knowing one will define the other and vice a versa.
If they confess their sin to you and put out any effort to repent and you DON'T forgive them ("I'll wait until they get it 100% right before I forgive them!") you have already demonstrated that God's love is NOT in you as it must be! Did God wait until you "cleaned up your act" before He forgave you? I don't think so! This is Jesus' warning to you! To not forgive is to IMPRISON them in their sins and that is not the love of God! And Jesus' warning to you is found in the verses just following the Lord's prayer: if you will not forgive people their sins against you, neither will your heavenly Father forgive you your sins! Why? Because you haven't repented of your sin of bitterness!
I came across a book called 'High risk pregnancy - Why Me?' It was written by a woman in the US who had a little boy that was stillborn at 22 weeks, and later she went on to have 2 successful full-term pregnancies.
6. It is impossible to start a chainsaw painlessly with a sprained wrist.
Michal conferred with his wife and they came to the reluctant decision that she would now have to buy all of their groceries. Even Michal thought that this was unfair, as the shopping was one of the few domestic chores that he could attempt with any confidence. That evening his wife was as faraway as a mountain, and she would not respond to his kisses. Once she was dozing in her armchair, Michal slipped out to the local pub. There are actually no real pubs in Bruntsfield, because this neighbourhood contains no straightforward working people, but let’s pretend that Montpeliers is a pub.
But this is just dismissing the question rather than addressing it. Well if you strip away all the lofty ideas and arguments you are left with the fact that I doubt that even the most severe, straightlaced puritan would deny that under the right circumstances the sensation of being frightened is fun. Horror is fun. Being scared and out of control is a good time.
1. slate tile
especially , the problems which happened in the past
And no, I'm not gonna explain it (Hint: it was a Lopan line).
Does this success rate for the applicants of only one partial success in thirteen attempts tell us anything about how (or if) the UK Patent Office's practice has changed since Aerotel? This Kat thinks that it certainly does, and also thinks that it mostly comes down to the fourth step of the test for patentability, as approved by Jacob LJ. The test (from paragraph 40 of the judgment), for those readers who do not already know it by heart, goes like this: (1) properly construe the claim
And the hotel room that was around $200 a night. It's one of those where they tell you it's $120 conference rate or whatever but then there's tax and a separate room tax and then a separate room-with-a-door tax. I mean, it was Philly, so it wasn't like DC with its extra $87 for-the-hell-of-it tax, but it wasn't cheap.
However, I do know what does work for me, and that’s a very detailed outline. With dialogue and directions for the artist (aka. myself). You could also call it a rambling, badly formatted script (which isn’t an uncommon thing among pros either, judging by the script excerpts I’ve seen so far).
It was something he told his kids, but my grandmother would quickly deny it. "He's just kidding," she told them. It was bad to be Catholic. It was much worse to be Indian.
Marlene stops her, and says, "I already talked to him before. I told him he couldn't do that." She then turns to me, and starts pointing at me. "I told you before you can't do that!"
“For us to maintain our way of living, we must tell lies to each other and especially to ourselves. The lies are necessary because, without them, many deplorable acts would become impossibilities.” Derrick Jensen
A levy is to be imposed on public sector workers, whose employment is guaranteed. This appears only the first step. Property taxes, hitherto a political no – no, and a strict means-testing of some benefits appears next, together with hikes in direct taxes, sooner rather than later. The problem is that, even if these prove sufficient to balance the books, there will be nothing with which to stimulate the economy. A lengthy period of adjustment and starkly lower living standards looms with nothing guaranteed.
The Taste of Coney Island, Aug 14 and 15
- My printer won't connect to it (yeah it's a few years old, but its a great printer).
Clarity and consistency from public servants should surely not be too much to expect."
I have worn hats off and on over the years of my blog, but I did a big long post on all the hats I own(ed) here. I will be going to a wedding in November, however, and I'll be wearing a hat to that (I think, still debating the outfit).
The Crusher
It is so easy to respond with anger because they seem to be able to so easily "push our buttons". Most people were raised by parents who wouldn't allow us to be angry. They'd be mad at us for being mad!! So we feel uncomfortable with their raging, and we often get angry in return, then we feel guilty, or get locked into a power struggle. It is also easy to feel their pain or anger so deeply because we are so connected to them. We tend to label some emotions as bad and others as good, but it's ok to let them feel and express their feelings without our judgement. When we give them the freedom to express themselves (provided they're not impinging on anyone else's freedom), they will! And we don't need to be upset with them. We can offer solutions (or help them find them), and if they are still not able to get what they're wanting, we can allow them to experience their feelings, and we can be there, and hold the space for them. We can give our children the gift of being able to feel the full range of human emotions, without our judgment. It is easy to think that the child who expresses their emotions quietly is a "good child" or better behaved. But it is important not to let these quieter, "easier" children fly under the radar of our attention and affection.
Cardstock: Georgia Pacific white
It is not a uniquely South African practice, but it is one that needs to be monitored as we head towards Mangaung 2012, where the party's next leadership battle will be fought. In South Africa, the process is managed by the party through an organisation it owns, the Progressive Business Forum (PBF). You will find it advertised on the ANC website.
in let verify_application_extension inch = check (11 == input_byte inch) "Expected block size = 11"; let label = String.create 11 in really_input inch label 0 11; Printf.printf "AE %s " label; ignore (verify_blocks inch) in let verify_graphic_control_extension inch = check (4 == input_byte inch) "Expected block size = 4"; let fields = input_byte inch in let delay = input_le16 inch in let transp = input_byte inch in check (0x00 == input_byte inch) "Expected block terminator"; Printf.printf "GCE f = %2x, d = %d, t = %d" fields delay transp in let verify_comment_extension inch = Printf.printf "CE ";
If you make it this far, then you should be enjoying the feel of that brand new book in your hands and the smell of newly printed-paper. The final step, if you so desire, is to try and make money from the book. At this point a multitude of options still exist. You can get your book onto Amazon, try to sell get it on the shelves of stores, do book signings, and even convert it into an online book for e-readers and Kindles.
-Anyone who has a handler… that person could either be mind-controlled, or a clone.
The lyrics tell a story of a man who is wrongly accused of robbery. He won't reveal that he spent the night of the robbery with his best friends wife, so he is sentenced to ten years in prison. A true classic.
I really wish I was important enough to be invited to fashion week shows. That explains why I abuse my style.com app so much. But that’s not what this post is about. This is about… take a guess? Yes, trend spotting for spring. I first noticed this trend when I saw some of my favorite bloggers wearing these Isabel Marant shoes.
Brand said she hoped the exhibit could be brought to Kansas City.
(How this matter worked out is not known. The 1938 cornerstone that was finally used was also made of red granite, and doesn’t seem especially readable itself.)
My Mind's Eye - Gertie
Message ends.
I look forward to seeing your work in print. Now get busy! :)
jennem said...
Steals me from your essence to my bitter end
J. Edgar
Have you tried any Dior mascara? Do you splurge on high-end or luxury mascara? Would you consider doing it if you find one that you really like?
It’s nighttime when they are at home but they still manage to get a bus, go on a three-hour ride and arrive at Park Ha’s place like she’s just next door.
7. Homemade chewy caramels
I'm very tired today. Too tired to be creative or come up with pretty words. So I'm going to cut right to the chase.
Those who still practice magic, the Mages, are split into two groups--Circle Mage, who are loyal to the Chantry, and Blood Mage, the rebellious evildoers who abuse their magical powers. When Blood Mage leader Frenic kidnaps a young Mage girl named Avexis who can control animals, it's part of a plot to use dragons to attack the Ten Year Gathering when all members of the Chantry will be in one place.
That year serenity encompassed family time, as well as prayerful hours. Now retired, I still seek days when I can feel such serenity…quiet, peaceful, with the assurance of the well-being of my family, and the assurance of the presence of the Lord.
“For most women, no,” replied Smacker. “But there’d definitely be a niche market among the sexually-liberated ball-breaker demographic. They’d buy the gloves just to differentiate themselves from prissy women who think it’s dirty to touch anything that’s been in contact with a man’s dick.”
Eat a snack
Given my resistance to Bourbon, however, I thought a few of the winners were Bourbon barrel aged beers starting with the Velvet Merkin from Firestone Walker. I didn't expect to like this because of the Bourbon and the fact that I am not a fan of their IPA which I find heavy and over-malty. But this beer is sensational - the Bourbon is almost overwhelming on the nose, but not on the tongue where is its very subtle and gives way to vanilla and has a wonderful creamy mouthfeel. But beware, it is a very drinkable 8.6% ABV.
How fascinating to learn about the intricate process of building and sustaining a “healthy home.” Much of the insulation was made from cotton and denim, including some recycled jeans! Almost all products were sourced locally. Chef George Economos from Whole Foods in Palatine discussed the importance of the kitchen in a healthy home and shared a great recipe for Classic Butternut Squash Soup. Here is my video interview with him
What the tellers of the stories of delight omits from their good tidings is that more than 200 of these "Bundles of Joy" will be dead as Dodos by next Christmas, many of them having died most horribly of hunger or HIV/Aids related deaths.
The best way to show you how caps on damages work, and the strange outcomes that result, is to look at the same accident, and the same injury in three different abutting states/jurisdictions. Let’s look at the same case that is tried to a jury in Maryland, Virginia and the District of Columbia.
New iPod Video – Gadget of Tomorrow
"Please note that I am fifty years old. I initially listed my age as younger because I am not attracted to MOST women in their fifties. I decided to correct it in the registration, but it won't let you after the first two weeks you join. I have run across some fifty-plus women that are in awesome shape, with good energy and an active, athletic lifestyle. I welcome you to please contact me if that is you! I apologize if this seems deceptive but with my lifestyle, activity level, high energy, and fitness, I seek those in a similar place in life. Saves their time as well as mine. Thanks for understanding!"
~ What am I grateful for in my life?
I was really anxious after our adoption meeting to meet with the RE. He is also a family friend and had agreed to look over our records when he found out what we were going through. But because he is in a different state than us we were not going to be his patients, so really he had nothing to gain by meeting with us and that made me feel like he would have no issue being brutally honest with us, which is what I wanted.
You don’t take policy that is better than your process of picking any insurance and also taking cheap insurance for your vehicles. Once you decided to protect your vehicle with auto insurance, then you have to do searching and comparing method through internet that helps to get the fitting insurance for your requirements within budget. You have to know one thing; the cheap insurance is not always best since it won’t be give many benefits for its insurer. So you have to choose the reasonably priced insurance which gives useful benefits and also save your money.
Synopsis from Goodreads: "Laurel was mesmerized, staring at the pale things with wide eyes. They were terrifyingly beautiful—too beautiful for words.
Undercover Crusaders on the trail of Gulen in Turkey
If you do not speak the language that your child is learning, a great way to help is to start studying it yourself!
I sat in on a meeting between ACLU and County Executive Ike Leggett on April 16th on several topics. Here are topics 3, 4, 5. Also in attendance were County Police Chief Manger, Art Wallenstein (Director, Corrections and Rehabilitation), Wayne Jerman, Asst. Chief., Russell Hammill, Asst. Chief. From ACLU Maryland were Mike Mage (MoCo Chapter), Melissa Goemann, Ajmel Quereshi and special guest from ACLU-NCA (Nations Capital) was Johnny Barnes (recently retired). Sarahi Uribe also joined – she’s an ACLU-NCA board member, and the National Campaign Coordinator for National Day Laborer Organizing Network (NDLON).
Hey everyone! I'm so sorry about being MIA this whole week. It's been a madhouse (good times!) Our shoot went fantastically. You wont see pictures from it for a bit but a little tidbit...one of our 3 beautiful models is Anna Iaryn, who did a beautiful fantastic job.
A sprite bottle
30. Elvis Schoenberg's Orchestre Surreal - Jive Talkin' (5:56)
FULL CRICUT CARTRIDGES
I also recommend thinking outside the box a little with your paper. I have some wonderful photo realistic scrap booking paper, and I think my favorite butterfly is the one with an image of a sparkler on it. Never would you find this in nature, but it sure reminds me of 4th of July cookouts and all of the other Summer activities that I just can't wait for :)
changes for me all my nature.
I have got some of the glass pens from China which are similar to Murano glass pens the quality is very nice and I love them. these are gem pens which I found in China.
3 teaspoons baking powder powder Pinch of salt
5. To get back the missing being trusted . you and your friend must have 1 goal to rebuilt “trusted” . how hard your wish want to trusted again but your friend still wont believe you , it’s hopeless . so , being gently to your friend maybe can move their hear so they can trust you again .
and since there is always something to here in this old farmhouse,
The pearls are from Wild Orchid Crafts.. I also added some Frosted Lace Stickles on her dress and Cotton Candy Stickles on the flowers..
Two bucks a bag. I had no idea how it would be, but it is VIRTUALLY like sipping ice tea. When I am on the way to work and I haven't had my first cup, I have just one of these candies to "quiet the voices". Ha. You should see me when I'm traveling. Most folks think that only coffee drinkers can be this impossible about their first cup.
"Everyone is a young vibrant team member here!" Jay says importantly, "And you all have the potential for greatness.Expanding to greatness in the publishing world. Little Acorns Mighty Oak Trees Grow and you are all acorns with potentials to launch that ship."
Or you could do it my way and spray after the clothes are on. I’ve been known to line the kids up before church on Sunday and spray them down. Does that qualify me for the bad mom award? Probably, but hey, they look good and we’re making memories.
Time to write some more vital information as to how life is going on the Enterprise.
As always, you are more than welcome to stop in to see Sean. Could you please bring some warmer weather with you?
They met at dinner. Ron introduced Asma to the group. Many had met her before and it seemed like a little reunion. She sure was an enigma. Tara kicked herself for being an introvert. Stupefied she watched the animated group from a distance. They were all hustling for attention something she still hadn’t learned. Dinner was a chatty affair and it was only during the coffee session that Asma came to her.
Sorry..couldn't resist.
The Bowen/Chambers report clucked that “in the eyes of some faculty and others concerned with the intersecting issues of race, class, gender, and respect for people, the Athletic Department, and Duke more generally, just didn’t seem to ‘get it.’”
At The Sunday Whirl, Brenda tells us the words are from Joy Harjo’s poem ‘Equinox’. Visit to see the wordle and to read what others have done.
Sparge Liquor 5.9
5oz Worcestershire sauce
wiping away blood so she could see clearly. The design made itself known. As
Anyway, I've filled in some forms for both myself and Henry online, and now I just need to get some photos and send it all away to Denmark. The site said that if it's your child's first Australian passport, then you need to attend an interview, either at the embassy in Copenhagen or the honorary consulate in Oslo... I sure hope they make exceptions, because I have no intention of travelling overseas just to get a passport.
and blanked out on the posting. My apologies!
Interestingly, the doctor told me that acupuncture would not help! He wrote a bunch of chicken scratch in my medical booklet to show to the nurse behind the medicine counter. I thought it looked kinda crazy, even for sloppy Chinese characters. I asked one of my Chinese friends to translate it for me and they said they couldn’t read it. After I made a comment about how doctors in America also have illegible handwriting, they clarified that although the writing was sloppy, the primary reason they couldn’t read it was because it wasn’t Chinese! It wasn’t pinyin either. Doctors in China have a special language that no layperson can read. How useful.
I am soo in love with these intricate borders!!!!!, This stamp is from Parisian Anthology collection.
Now I am not saying that Msrs. Clark and Booth did not break the funding rules of the European Parliament. They used their staffing allowance in a way that was not allowed. They used it to do what they could to strengthen the cause of Euroscepticism in Britain, by funding UKIP staff rather than personal patronage. At no point did they gain from this personally. In fact the opposite as they initially forewent money that would help them in their own regions, and secondly when they were penalised they lost the money again, this time from their own pockets. But rules are rules.
Learn to listen with an open mind, not with preset responses already waiting on the tip of my tongue.
I ended up on birth control pills, which helped immensely. I felt regulated. I could deal with four periods a year. I chugged along happily for nine years, knowing what I was missing when it came to pain and inconvenience but completely ignorant of how clouded I truly was.
I can do this.
Red jersey tunic: Isabella Oliver
‘Do you have another card, ma’am?’ Is one of the worst phrases that someone can say to you, really. I mean, I know I am approaching 35 but I have big plans for an all year long party that will probably involve laser tag. How does that sound for grown up?
Pray for the support to come in.
Eno and Fripp release one more ambient album called Evening Sun that is really good and you should listen to it. 1977 was a big year as Fripp then moves to New York's Hells Kitchen, starts hanging with the punx, plays guitar on Bowie's Heroes to much acclaim, and produces and plays on albums for Peter Gabriel and Daryl Hall. Yes, that Daryl Hall. From the Oates and Hall Rock n Soul Revue. These two albums along with his own solo release "Exposure" have come to be known as "The NYC Trilogy" and it's some of my favorite music ever made. Especially Hall's Sacred Songs so let's talk about that first.
Captcha can reduce the amount of spam you receive but it is not foolproof. Today’s OCR software can scan the letters and numbers in an image and properly interpret the captcha. This is the reason many of the best captcha applications distort the image components by partially covering, twisting and turning them. As does Securimage. Nothing is perfect these days. Having said that, captcha can be an effective deterrent.
There’s all sortsa shadows that spell the end for girls in this city, but I guess when Fleur du Mal came to us up in the office and said something terrible had happened to Tiny Baby Anastasia, our minds went right to that word: ovipositor. The worst thing that can happen.
Standing with my hands on my hips in disbelief I looked over at Dooley who was sitting a safe distance away.
Iron Stylus: Who hates you?
Thankfully, only a couple of these classes will over-lap for a few weeks during the summer months. This is perfect timing since we will be on break from homeschooling during that time. What a blessing that will be!!
1) I couldn't put this book down! From start to finish, the story flowed so well, I hardly remembered I was reading. It kept me up until 2:00 in the morning, and even after I finished, I wished I had book 2 right there waiting! Le sigh. Now I have to wait an entire year!
to be happy.
"If I die - bury me with my boots on -
And it comes to you all of a sudden:
Take Care Till Then.
In the smaller print financial data towards the back of the report we find that the aggregate payroll costs have risen from £82.6m to a rather worrying £133.3m – or, as the club like to present data, a rise of 61%. Turnover had risen from £87m to £125m, meaning that the wages/revenues ratio had risen from 94.9% to 106.6%.
AMERICAN COLLEGE OF OCCUPATIONAL AND ENVIRONMENTAL MEDICINE (ACOEM). Position statement on influenza control programs for healthcare workers, 30/7/2005. URL: http://www.acoem.org/guidelines/article.asp?ID=86
a portfolio of photographs to look at.
I love reading about minimalist interior design, I really do. It’s one of my guilty pleasures.
The Bank is being asked for its calculations as it is noted that the report states “Detailed econometric results are available, upon request, from the authors”
So MT is a system where you learn how to become aware of what your body and emotions are up to; you learn how to accept what you are feeling and place it in an appropriate context; and you learn how to change your actions so you are no longer fighting, but working with your body and primal emotional states.
I lasted a week and found my way back to my home in Kelowna by forging checks a friend had given me so I'd have enough money to get back to Steven and live ($800.00 from 2 $100 checks!)
The Handmade Tea Tree Oil Soap contains tea tree essential oils, giving you a rich, luxury lather with a gentle scent of Tea Tree.
Brett Wheeler who many will remember as a 6 foot 28 inch tall former Boomer turned his considerable artistic skills towards creating the illustrated map and other arty bits while Leah Dare, a friend of Kate’s, created the poster logo and put the guides together.
(I would not speak of such a thing)
Burst.com and Microsoft on Friday announced that Microsoft has taken a non-exclusive license to Burst’s international patent portfolio, for a one-time license fee of $60 million dollars. The license is for use only by Microsoft in its own product and does not include sub-licensing rights. The patent license also settles the outstanding litigation between both companies.
And then a lady said it, "It's too yippee skippy."
The trend from the above is obvious, on average each year household sizes drop by 0.025 which equates to 15,552 new dwellings required based on our present population of 4.6m. But in the past 25 years it has been dropping by 0.04 which equates to 25,356 new dwellings required each year. In fact over the past five years we needed 121,072 dwellings to accommodate population growth (population growth 2006-2011 divided by household size in 2006) which equates to 24,214 new dwellings a year. So in modern times, we apparently need dwellings more for the shrinkage in household size than population growth. Told you this was interesting!
child and put the child in a
I often use a pre-heated pizza stone but you can also use a baking sheet. I’d stay away from teflon, though, which I find leaves a taste on the loaf. If you have a teflon pan, use greaseproof paper underneath.
Beat 2 eggs
The other sons of Musuwane and Paingarire had a big brother called Rutsambo. He begged Chidziva to let him go to Darwin district to a part now called Rusambo Reserve and Chidziva agreed. Chidziva told him he must be a chief of that part. He fought against the people who were there and conquered them and became the chief of that part. That is how the people of that area are Soko Murehwa from Chishawasha. When Chinamaringa died he left eight children. In the order of birth they were: Madzivanyika, Chihuri, Mazuru, Samukange, Chikaka, Gwindi, Mashayamombe Chandayengerwa.
When infinite, one less?
'All the ones I had seen in the past were just normal-sized burgers stacked on top of each other and anyone can do that.
Death By Chocolate
As I’m sure you do, I love playing games with my kids. We have such a great time together. I also have the luxury of playing many games with my students during the day as a way to form bonds and assist them with learning positive social skills. We have many favorites, most are the classic board games.
$184.99...no thank you!
But for those willing to risk it, end pieces, whatever their mysterious origins,** make great cheese toast, which I didn’t have to share because no one else would touch it.
I've been wanting to experiment with diaper bags for a long time. I've never made a handbag or diaper bag before so it was a little out of my comfort zone. Well this morning I woke up at 4:30 and could not go back to sleep. With the kids still asleep I figured this would be a great time to get some sewing done so I went to work in my studio and after some seam ripping and adjusting and just plain ol' messing around, THIS is what I came up with!
I would produce the fashion packages and pieces about where they keep their oscars.
- Agents with no verifiable professional background. Literary agenting is a skilled profession, and it's very much dependent on connections. To be successful, agents need expertise in a variety of areas (such as a detailed knowledge of publishing contract language) and contacts within the publishing industry. Since there's no formal training for literary agents, these skills and contacts are best acquired by actually working within publishing, or training at another (reputable) literary agency. Agents who set themselves up in business without that kind of background are at a really serious disadvantage. This is why, when you're considering a new agent, you really, really want to make sure they have relevant professional experience.
Yea sure, the music on Nana was quite stellar also
Egg Yolk Pattern:
... to the tip of the island, which divides the swirl-hole from the other side of the creek.
I can’t believe I’m saying this,
b.) Middlebrooks is healthy and performing reasonably well
When you have a child, everyone tells you to hold on to the moments because your baby grows up so fast. Since we are human, we are skeptics and nod our heads pledging to do just that while thinking that it won’t happen to us. Guess what, it does!
...the struggle of McGregor's character is hauntingly reflective of Polanski's lifelong traumas, from his surviving the Holocaust to, well, his surviving the murder of Sharon Tate and their unborn child. Holed up inside Adam's island manse, subjected to all sorts of security checks, his every behavior scrutinized, McGregor's ghost writer becomes not unlike, yes, a ghost. His is a particularly nerve-jangling existential crisis, and it's one that...could not have been conceived by anyone other than a man that has moved throughout life from one prison to next, many of his own construction.Of course, this is perhaps the kind of biographical correlation Rizov rails against in his IFC post, and certainly not every viewer will necessarily bring that kind of knowledge into the film. I would certainly say that it's not absolutely necessary to have Polanski's troubled history in mind in order to enjoy it. Nevertheless, looking at the film itself and at some of the films Polanski has made in the past, one can sense in The Ghost Writer hints of a consistent personal vision—in other words, an auteurist perspective.
I get this question alot in emails...pertaining to these You Print Digital Images from my shop. I say...Just what can you Not do with these images:)
I went to watch The Hunger Games the other night. I don't watch many movies (in or out of the theatres) and it took me a few minutes to adjust to the pace of the editing. I also spent a fair amount of time with my eyes shut as I have no interest in seeing images of children killing children. That said, I found the movie interesting. I'm not sure if the story was meant as political commentary or just meant to sell books and movies, but regardless it can be used as a mirror from which to pick out patterns and ideas.
Meanwhile, Dan is feeling a little insecure to know that Blair is back to scheming with Chuck. He follows them to the brothel but stops short of coming in thanks to Rufus. The guy was the voice of reason in this episode! But even though Dan did the right thing and trusted Blair, he still feels uncertain about their relationship. You see, he LOVES Blair so much but he doesn’t think she feels quite the same…And at the end, when he drops the L bomb and Blair doesn’t say it back…I mean you could see his poor little heart breaking…
R - Indeed we do.
Diagnosed with brain tumors, not one or two, but seven! One was incredibly large and aggressive and thanks to a remarkable surgeon, to whom I'll forever be grateful to, was successfully removed.
As a music consultant, sometimes, I do tell certain people they may want to consider a different name that is easier to spell, pronounce or find online. So basically, stay away from the self dubbing, let a nickname come to you from another source or from a series of other sources that are not directly related to you.
…should at some point in the future the council have a consensus with respect to these matters we will take it up at that point in time; should the situation on the ground change we will take it up at that time, but until then this matter is going to not be before this body.
But I've noticed that the thing we most fear, some of us anyway, our worst nightmares, are always the ones in which we ourselves are the bad guys. When are movie makers going to involve the audience in the crimes of the characters? When are we going to be shown a truly morally ambiguous dystopia whose allure is greatly attractive to us? One that we half wish we could go and live. When are we going to be challenged by filmmakers confronting us with our own temptation to rule and crush the spirit of others?
It is important to observe that our instructions, that we receive from God, are addressed expressly to those of us who feel the need and made the decision to follow God on our own account.
When Astrid saw my image of the wooden tops, she said "Ohhhhh!"
“Addison?” Darien bent down and pulled her to her feet but before he could make another movement, Addison fell into his arms sobbing. “Shh-” He scooped her trembling body up in his arms, carrying her back to the manor. “What’s got you all worked up? You don’t have to run from me. It’s me-Darien, remember?” He chuckled as he looked down at her but he could barely see her face because of the darkness of the country night. “I’m not going to hurt you.”
These verses suggest a compromising or defiling of our conscience, not by sinning, but by continuing in behaviors that make us feel guilty. If we continue in behaviors, even though we know they are technically not a sin, but the behaviors makes us feel bad anyway, we are instructed to refrain from it to not defile our conscience. Building an immunity to our conscience’s feelings is dangerous and should be avoided, despite the fact that the feelings revolve around our perception of right and wrong and not reality.
I woke up far too early for it to be New Years Eve. I’m already ready for bed and I haven’t boarded the plane yet.
Source: Dispatch online
“Beefeater 24 is a gin of unrivaled smoothness and complexity,” said Maria Puente, Senior Brand Manager for Beefeater at Pernod Ricard USA. “To create 24, Desmond spent 18 months adjusting and perfecting the recipe with today’s discerning spirit connoisseur in mind. The result is a subtle and sensuous gin that blends beautifully with other ingredients to create exceptional cocktails.”
Thanks to the Ohio Genealogy Research Community on Facebook, I found out that John Slatter (hubby's g-grandpa), born in England, was a paper hanger/cleaner in Cleveland, Ohio from about 1887-1901 (when John died). I had hit a brickwall on Slatter's life in Ohio and especially his 2d wife, and I posted a note to this Facebook page. Derek answered, suggesting I check Cleveland city directories (on Fold3). I did, and jackpot! Thanks, Derek.
I know this isn't the typical recipe I post, but it's food, it's fresh and it's great for your skin and well-being.
Nelson Mandela's ex-wife Winnie Madikizela-Mandela is demanding an apology from two police officers who pulled over her car on the M1 highway because it was weaving recklessly through traffic at 150km/h.
A Woman’s Paris™ Discovering French elegance and personal style
However, the show ended soon enough as the beautiful redhead named Rebecca finally fainted and fell to the floor. Being a decent sort Jack rushed over and gently lifted up his new wife and placed her back on the bed. Jack’s first thought was that as soon as possible he would need to contact Fast Eddie to end this mistake immediately. His second thought was that compared to his first marriage this was actually a good start to the relationship.
Last time I met her, at the 2010 Norwich Jazz Party, I was suffering from a bug and feeling like death warmed up. I looked washed out and puffy – never moreso than when photographed next to the glamorous and chic Ms Ross. A while after our picture was taken, I went to her room to give her the beautiful, dark shocking pink nail lacquer I’d been planning to wear – it seemed far more appropriate to give it to her than use it myself, given the parlous state of my my health and of my appearance!
your smile
The problem comes when some bosses confuse “being likeable” with “being friends.” Of course, there is some overlap. A likeable boss would ask employees friendly questions like “How was your weekend?” with genuine interest, just like a friend might. A likeable boss isn’t afraid to joke around with employees occasionally, just like a friend might. A likeable boss would send employees sincere thank-you, congratulatory and sympathy cards depending on the occasion, just like a friend might.
She stopped as if biting down her frustration.
He then goes to tell me it will be the black paddle. I am sure it will be a number spanking and I will have to count. I am sure they will be hard. I am not looking forward to it. I am sure that I will remember to wear my plug, do the errands when He gives me orders, ask permission to enter and exit the bed, and watch my mouth after tonight. Well I will for a little bit until my ass quits hurting.
chairs we fill every noon
The left side, the upper left hand corner is pulled down and folded over towards the center.
And what a great Mother's Day gift this would make!
They were terrified and bowed their faces to the ground.
As we waited to find out what was going on, I made a few calls to family to let everyone know we were going to have a baby today (or tomorrow, depending on how long our little guy decided to take). Soon we were talking to a wonderful doctor. He explained the situation pretty plainly which was nice... Apparently the hospital had been trying to reach us all day. The contact info they had for us was wrong. How? I was just filling out paperwork with current info two weeks earlier directly with the hospital admin office during my L&D tour.
As I read the book I found myself wishing that I didn’t see the movie first. The movie was about shooting and the book about tobacco but still with the same characters. At first I was a little confused. I expected the sueing of firearms but I got something else. I liked the movie plot. Now in all honesty that didn’t lose the fact that Grisham delivered a very detailed and interesting book to read. Once I got into the story the movie was no longer a problem.
Squeeze in lemon juice for your taste.
So, if you like heroes 3, try this one, it is amazing and the graphic in the combat sequences alone will have you playing it night after endless night just to see the enemy get struck by lighting or slaughtered in other beautifully animated ways.
Mark and Jamie Westbrook, self-styled private investigators, show up to help solve the murder, but perhaps they had a hand in creating the crime?
It looks something like this. Yuck!
His thoughts drift back to the present. It’s growing darker now. A glance at the sky tells the tale of a forgotten and forlorn moon, and of a lone cloud as black as the darkest soil sweeping across the sky and hovering there maliciously over it, under it, sending the whole of the jungle into shadow.
I love Neem!:) You can get it in ointments, tea, shampoos, toothpaste, mouthwash and essential oil drops
Me~ "LittleMan, please don't lick people".
You can't see it in this long shot, but the candelabrum on the round table is the one that is held by a human hand. There is
Trying to get it out
After the tour Gabe and I ventured through the gardens, took pictures in front of the space soon to house an even larger museum, and headed across the street for a Dominican restaurant which was really more like someone's kitchen with tables pulled up, and dined upon sweet smothered plantains, bursting with flavor yellow rice, and juicy, tender, blackened grilled chicken (well, I did, Gabe is a vegetarian). The ladies running the place were clearly enamored with my blue-eyed giant friend when he busted out his Spanish and they called him Papi through the entirety of our meal.
It is understood that apart from Najib and his wife Rosmah Mansor, more than 1,000 VVIPs and dignitaries are expect the attend the function at the Dewan Santapan in the new state legislative complex. – Malaysiakini
1 x 1034BKWE Sexy Bra Set = RM20.00
How many have your kids completed?
6. Taking Chances
MIf you have not done so far, do please check out the blogs of the following friends who are also participating in the 30 days blogging honesty ~( via @TomBaker ) This initiative is due to Tom and CherlynCochrane
Today, we joined hundreds of other people in the national past time of independence day - the barbecue. Some do this at home, but many, many people - grab their barbecues, the meat, the bread, tables and chairs, mats and I have no idea what else, and go off somewhere outside. For the last few years, we've been going very close to our city, to the wadi (dry river bed) near our house. This area is sectioned off once a year, secured by border guards and private security, and then filled with music and people.
“Only 2,000 litres from the original 50,000 litres had been left in the tanker to cover up the crime,” he said.
There's nothing inherently unsafe about having the cart much further away from the rear of the dog as long as the traces are snug. The problems you get when the shafts are too long and the cart is too far away is that it is difficult to maneuver, and the turning radius is much wider. The shorter the shafts, the easier it is to turn. However, if the shafts are too short or the dog was placed too far back (move the brakes forward to fix), then the dog's foot or hock would hit the bottom side of the cart.
The opportunity on days like today is to look at the half full glass...give ourselves a pat on the back for all we accomplished this past year and plan how we're going to carry that success and set of accomplishments into the new year...
Learning The Flight of The Bumblebee!
This bloc does not only consist of those who are officially with the BJP or its comradely associates. It also includes parts of the migrating, ‘aspirational’, middle class. Significant sections of this group, without access to the intimate rootedness of local faith and continuities of ancestral rituals, are spirited cheerleaders of that dream of 19th century vintage – a homogenized Hinduism.They form the core of that peculiar species that now exists in certain Indian metros -people who are not Telugu Reddys or Bengali Mahishyas – they are simply Indians and nothing else but Indians.And such “Indians” have the means to exert influence beyond their numbers. Such pan-Indic formulations of Hinduism are a grave challenge to the Indic faith systems. It is a mortal danger to the religious osmosis that has enriched our softly bounded identities. With its plural possibilities, the million Gods and Goddesses, protect the billion small people. These people refuse to stand united, to dump powerful local deities like Dharma Thakur and Ola Bibi, to let their own divine forces die a slow, impoverished death. For some this refusal is the rub, for some it is the only possibility.
So far, so mildly interesting. But what has caused the Twitterverse and Blogosphere generally to explode is that she said this archiving and preservation (of the contents, not the building) would cost £500,000. She then seemed to be asking for contributions from the public.
Practicing what you preach is hard. More importantly, including your children to keep you accountable is harder. Many people disagree with my take on this. They feel children shouldn’t have a say in adult matters. The way I see it, adult matters are just as much the matters of our children for this is their world, future, and life we are shaping. Plus, children are the uncut geniuses who have yet to be told “that is impossible,” “that isn’t the right way,” or “you are crazy.”
The number ONE. We take it for granted. It’s the first number, the winner, the main thing. It makes a difference. It can change people’s lives.
I have had a couple of small strawberry patches for years around the Small-Hold but I had never seen the working girls ever paying any attention to them. Fact is nothing ever seemed to pay attention to them except for the rolly-polly bugs and my son. No strawberries ever seemed to make it past them long enough for anyone else to even take a bite out of one.
This story has become part of our family’s lore and always gets everyone laughing: One time when my parents were babysitting Stephen and Katie, he’d requested a grilled cheese sandwich. Of course my mom made him one, but inadvertently cut it the wrong way: in half instead of into triangles. Oh dear. Poor Stephen couldn’t make himself eat such an abomination, so his wonderful grandmother made him another sandwich and cut it into triangles (she ate the first one herself).
What am I doing here?!
Do I really need to go on? I mean this is Nolan, one of my favourite directors back into Batman mode and dealing with Bane one of my favourite Batman villains. It could have only been better if the Riddler was somehow put into the movie, but we can only dream. Everything about this movie looks bigger, and the impact could be massive if Nolan actually finishes the story the way he seems to be hinting.
But we have to be realistic here. Absolutely everyone that attempts to make it in this industry dreams of their first attempts being wild successes, with big fat envelopes stuffed with cash arriving in their mailbox shortly afterwards. We're not that naive. This is a tough industry. And if it were that easy to make it, everyone would have done it already.
Enchanted Forest (Forest animals) or Papagayo (Jungle animals)
gossamer cables
Myra: That's not what Lilly thinks.
Matthew 20, The Message
January 10th I’ve noted my Mom had her colonoscopy. Ten days later on January 20th, the results were in and it was confirmed she had colon cancer and would require surgery on February 11th. A follow up CATSCAN was scheduled for January 27th. Not good news at all! She was scared, but took it like a trooper and I felt she’d be okay very strongly.
Of course, Pittsburgh hasn't made a statement regarding Haywood's arrest. If Haywood is aon the wrong side of a judgement, the Panthers might be looking for a new coach a lot sooner than they wanted to.
I must say, we had a really fun time. It’s always great to get out and see the breweries that produce the beers we love. People envision breweries as big factories, pumping out bottles (or cans or kegs) in mass quantity, surrounded by chaos. But the true picture is vastly different. Brew days are about technical specs, cleaning, efficiencies, and old fashioned hard work. The glorious life of a brewer looks more like construction work from the inside. It’s still pretty cool and if someone came by and offered us a brewery (*ahem*) I’m sure we’d snatch it up in a hot Maryland second.
Thank you to my friend Tim Jung for inspiring me to write this story. In the wake of the brutal murder of yet another gay teen in Iowa less than a week ago, here is a story of hope and progress. Elmhurst College in Illinois has included questions regarding sexual orientation and gender identity to their admissions application.
All I know is I will be holding my breath for this latest undertaking to be completed before the first guest arrives. I really don’t want to have caution tape across my front yard and piles of pavers and mulch laying in the driveway.
YANCEY
Here are a few paid titles that are not being downloaded as much as 'TWS' :
Knee jerk reactions are insincere. Lack of courage in Canadians is evident here. What other hot button issues are pushed aside? If a country can’t calmly chat about abortion, mayhaps it shall fail to adequately deal in the future with any more possibly calamitous, time-sensitive, touchy happenings and concerns.
The most obvious and easy way is to choose is Epicurus’s way of thinking. There is nothing out there. No control, no out of this world punishment. So it this scenario you do anything you want in order to be happy. No reservations. You can either do it rationally and think about each step or just go crazy and see what happens. Probably it all depends on your character. This solution is dreamt of by those who only look for excuse to break the rules, sin or just party hard.
Because of active compounds contained, peppermint & spearmint have sedative, disinfectant and cicatrizing properties. They can be successfully used in gastro-intestinal disorders, helps the liver and calms indigestion. Mint and spearmint contains menthol, menthone, menthofuran, a-pinene, limonene, cardinene, acetic aldehide, isovaleriana, vitamin C and antibiotic substances that have been used for centuries as a natural remedy to ease or “possibly” cure disease, cancer and infection throughout the body.
Welcome to Day 2 of our previews of the April release! Today we're showcasing Inspired by Audrey, the very first stamp set designed for The Craft's Meow by Karen Baker!!! The images and sentiments of this set will surely delight and inspire you! Just look at the gorgeous cards created by our designers using this fabulous set!
the mother who was celebrated or you celebrated a special mom
I posted a story on aisledash.com today titled Extreme Beauty where we featured some cosmetic treatments you may be considering, including lash extensions that last for months, specific hair treatments, teeth whitening and botox. These aren't that extreme when you think about the lengths people have and will go to make themselves over.
Yellow Black and White together
I then was able to begin recovery and have my sisters and my dad come into the room. They were able to come meet the baby and see me as well. It was amazing to me that they were there the whole time. It was a whole Dorothy wakes up at the end of the Wizard of Oz kind of moment! And you were there, and you, and you. All in one room, and now meeting our little precious addition.
