Marlene: What kind of research did you have to do for this story?
8They are sons of shame, and of men without a name, who have been forced out of the land.
flavoured with a lemon hue
Scent is very important to me when choosing a product. I find the smoothing on of something that smells fantastic very therapeutic and calming – at the end of the day it’s part of my “winding down” ritual.
This isn’t “We the people” anymore and if we don’t prepare for what is coming, well, may your chains rest lightly upon your wrists.
Dr. Scinta goes on to say, “there is not a huge rush to fix it or they will die”….and yet, that seems to be exactly the argument the doctors in *favor* of weight loss surgery for adolescents are using, and backing it up with some sobering statistics. Even Dr. Oz is on record in both USA Today and Prevention magazine as having no qualms recommending gastric bypass surgery, a procedure he considers essential in the fight against obesity.
It’s been a busy weekend, folks. So, since I originally thought this was running at fellow Liberty States Fiction Writer Nathan Rudy’s blog today–it ran on the first Wed of April instead–I figured I’ll do another catch-up thing and run it here. If you’re here for the first time, welcome and to you this is all new!
Did you know that they have a need to put down Cleveland?
Keanu Reeves (Bram Stoker's Dracula)
I strive to celebrate and venerate the best of ska and reggae music on this blog. The many artists who made the music a cultural phenomena are all heroes to me and many others. However, as ska and reggae music made its way into the charts of the U.K. (and the U.S, to a lesser extent) and its influence and popularity spread, many mainstream singers, bands and musical artists began including the rhythms and sound in their own songs. Some of these efforts were magnificent and some less so. Others were just plain terrible.
Pesach as always been an emotional time of year for me, but this year it went to a whole new level. This year, I knew that when we said “L’shana haba b’Yerushalyim” it meant something tangible. Next year, I will (iy’h) be in Jerusalem.
Iván Meade – What inspires your textile designs?
Today was a particularly challenging day in the classroom. Not that there were behavioural issues that I couldn't handle, or too much work to cover. As normal, there were spats to sort out and social groups to negotiate in the playground; the challenging issue of keeping everybody working and happy regardless of ability level or concentration span; a threatening wet-day timetable. But every teacher worth their salt faces these situations every day. Every teacher I know is just as much a social worker and parent-figure as they are an educator.
This is a photo I took last week at my church after the altar candles had been blown out. I really wanted the candles to be burning but I was too slow. By the time I asked permission, made it to the altar with my camera and was ready, the candles had been extinguished. I didn't let it stop me. The smoke rising from them is cool enough.
Open the doors to outside, and we are immediately placed amongst the living,
I went to Mam's today and she said she'd had a wonderful night's sleep, so that was good. She's managing really well, doing most things herself. We really only need to keep her company, do a bit of tidying up etc.
His vision suffered miserably once his blood alcohol level rose yet he swung himself upon the ledge and unhooked his “safety strap”.
When all you feel, is shame and disgust?
Contentment is…
How do I hear all of this? People often misjudge me as one of those people who loses weight and now “hates” fat people to the point where I would high-five them for telling me these things.
Anyways forget all these. Tell me, what’s the scene with you. I just hope you could have found someone too good for you. (Pratyush smiles and Mahek tries to match him with an artificial one)
We make it through check in and are sent / brought back to radiology for a second check in. From the radiology waiting room we are taken back to “DSS” (Diagnostic Screening & Surgery). We are taken into a standard curtained hospital “room” like you would be in at the ER. I am given a hospital gown and booties, levered into a hospital gurney / bed, hooked up to a blood pressure machine and oximeter and visited by a nice lady with a clipboard. The nice lady with the clipboard explains to us that this procedure is not covered under the Neuro Group and is considered out-patient surgery. The cost of the out-patient surgery, including prep, procedure and recovery is $5,600.00, net 90. The price does not include the tests to be run with the collected spinal fluid. She presents us with a business card, bids us good luck and leaves.
Some Teens May have Innate Neurological ‘Risk’ for Drug Abuse. Thus most at risk seem to have neural networks wired a little differently from people/teens who are more likely to become addicts or even try an addictive drug in the first place. The researchers hope that the findings might lead to a medical screening for this risk tendency.
My head was blown apart.
4. May 10-12 Thursday – Saturday: Fan/Driver Face-to-Face Activities!
08. Nuovo Nido (00:50)
I'll be back tomorrow with something crafty. I didn't get much done over the weekend. Absolutely no motivation but I have a few birthday cards that I need to send soon that I'll show you tomorrow night. Hope you are all fine and had a wonderful start to your week. Take care and stay healthy!
Tens of Thousands art patrons visit the Festival to enjoy the beauty of Buffalo's weather in June, the charm and uniqueness of the Allentown area and the quality of the art and crafts presented by the over 400 juried exhibitors.
God is eternal (Deuteronomy 33:27.) He always has been and always will be. Before the heavens and the earth were created, God lived in His abode with myriads of angels. There were angels of many different ranks and responsibilities. They were created beings and servants of the Most High God,
In other news, thanks perhaps in part to all that chai tea, my annual February Crud has reached the point where I no longer FEEL sick, but I still SOUND like I have tuberculosis. So, that's fun for me and all the other people in line with me at the grocery store.
I'm not sure why, but this verse has come up again and again in the past several months, starting in the fall at a church retreat.
2) Gerard sold official police intelligence to Bullock, who later sold it to the ADL.
I paired it with a salted cocktail size avocado.
Nuclear Management Corp., which operated Xcel Energy Inc.’s two Minnesota power plants from 2000 to 2008, disagreed with Sarrack’s idea in 2005, and rejected the modification. That was partly because managers were concerned that once an automatic vent was opened, it would release radioactive gases until it was closed manually, according to an Xcel Energy official who worked at Nuclear Management at the time.
Obviously, there must be some ground rules:
After all, I am your horse.
Fitting notes: none yet
One of my problems is that I am easily distracted. I will start on one project, think about something else, go do that, think of something else, start on that, and so on. Before I know it I have worked myself into exhaustion and have finished nothing all day to show for my efforts. The timer helps keep my focussed on one project/job/task at a time.
Cayuse Spring Release Party- A+ (based on wine and my years of waiting to attend!)
debut, "Wuthering Heights", a very... unlikely pop single
For the salad dressing. Make a paste with the anchovy and garlic with a mortar and pestle or on a cutting board with a chef knife. Combine paste with vinegars, lemon juice, and shallots. Let sit for a few minutes. Whisk in mustard. Slowly whisk in some of the olive oil. Pour the oil in slowly enough that it emulsifies. Taste. If necessary, slowly add more olive oil. Just keep tasting as you go along.
What is clear is that in Russia, none of that existed. There were no special laws, or taboos which limited access into the State apparatus by birth, or which guaranteed that such positions could be handed down inside the bureaucracy. The sections of the elite, which were best able to ensure that their children received a good education, in order to get a good job, were in fact, not the top bureaucrats, but were the intelligentsia, but all the evidence is that the children of the intelligentsia themselves tended to take up jobs in culture, in education, in science and so on. And, if we look at the social background of even the last Politburo, prior to the demise of the USSR, we do not see the picture the Bureaucratic Collectivists try to portray. The top bureaucrat – Gorbachev – was not the child of bureaucrats, but of peasants! At least two of the Politburo members grew up in State Orphanages. The other members of the Politburo had equally modest social origins! The facts, simply disprove the Bureaucratic Collectivist thesis. But, then concern for the facts has never been a main concern for the adherents of the Third Camp.
The Boy Book (2006)
I see a near revival
2 tomatos, sliced
Thanks to Jay for hosting the panel, for inviting me to play, and for posting the whole thing for others to see.
Tuesday: "Southern Fried" Chicken and wedges. It's a really easy Rosemary Conley recipe where you just coat a chicken breast in breadcrumbs mixed with garlic and jerk seasoning, then bake in the oven. Tasty and healthy!
I've been slowly watching my arms and derriere get
I will look to God to lead me through all of this, and to how I can be best for and protect my children and make our lives better. Nothing can get better overnight. I will always dream of a life with soulmate or amazing that would be a wonderful, healthy, loving, intellectual, spiritual and physical journey for us both and in loving and leading each other and our children. Dreaming of something better is all I have. I wanted amazing to dream with me…. and share with me… but that is not for now. Instead, I will continue to pray and seek guidance from the Lord as I wage battles for survival.
Well, today is the 14th of June and I can't believe it is reveal day for Sassy Lil Sketches and I almost forgot. As you can tell it has been crazy since I am still in school till the 30th of this month -- all I can say is this is the longest school year ever.
Mr. Campbell trots out other popular scapegoats—communists, financiers, the devil in his various guises and even inanimate objects, including a bell that innocently tolled away in the Russian town of Uglich until a prince was assassinated there in 1591, after which it was shipped off to Siberia, a cursed object, to languish for several centuries.
The Hunger Games is the darkest teen movie to ever become a massive success, so it’s only natural that the soundtrack is equally ominous. Opening track (and closing credit number) “Abraham’s Daughter,” by Arcade Fire, sets the tone: minor key, martial drums, harpsichord, Regine Chassagne’s childish voice cooing a haunting melody, guitar feedback and no sign of a happy ending. Better yet, instead of cannon drums and piercing synths, the arrangement here is heavy without being
children’s bread, and to cast it unto the dogs.” Her response was “……yes, Lord: yet the dogs under the table
the rise of her breasts
We left the small church.
Wise words and a great metaphor. However, it also led me to endless corrections and re-writes and all kinds of other things that took up way too much time. A task that took me an hour by hand in theory would take half as long on a PC. The reality is that it took me twice as long. Where I would have picked up the telephone I now sent an email and had to wait (and wait) for a response which never made sense.
What is the difference?
I'm also very concerned that many print publishers, in the next few years, are going to go bankrupt. I'd hate to wait 18 months for my book to come out, then have it canceled. And if it is canceled, what happens to the rights? Do they get tangled up in some lengthy court battle? Do I ever get my erights back?
14 - Gator Country 07:12
Giselle Sibyl
Here's a run down of the whiskeys followed by some tasting notes.
Your concern for and interest in others tends to unnerve you at times, causing you to either rise to the heights of ecstasy or sink into the depths of depression.
Right from the very beginning your taken on an emotional ride, I myself have never suffered such a loss but for Whisper to have suffered such a tragic loss and still find the courage she needed, it's just amazing. With Heather's unique writing style you truly could feel the emotion pouring from the pages, I was brought to tears many times. Here's a little something to go on...
The Apostle Paul wrote 3 letters directly to young pastors on how to live their lives and serve God and His people. They are First and Second Timothy and Titus. Yet this priority list of God first, spouse second, ministry somewhere down the line is nowhere to be found in Paul’s letters or the New Testament. If it is, someone better versed in the Bible should clearly outline it with Scripture.
- Finally, there hasn't been much reason to accuse Andrew Coyne of being too light on the Cons in recent years. But given that the Cons' crackdown on charities has taken place entirely in conjunction with their attempt to demonize anybody who's ever spoken positively of the environment, I'd defy anybody to suggest they've earned the benefit of the doubt on this rather crucial point:
corruption and death that are your daily bread.
So here comes Baby Ziggy! ^__^
The tentative date for this shut down has been set at November 11, 2011 (2011/11/11) but as with many dates that have come and gone, the financial cabal will do everything in its power to prevent that from happening.
(According to this post at YourMoney.ca, my 74 Timmies would actually check in well below the average of 2.6 cups per person per day)
your Father which is in heaven. Through this verse of Scripture, Jesus lets us
The enemy in this case is the religious extremist. He has absolutely no sense of humour, takes himself very seriously, is utterly convinced that he is right and believes anything he does for the good of his religion as he sees it to be justified. He will do anything to be heard and cannot abide any attempt to argue with him; but what really hurts him is one of two things: either to be ridiculed or to be ignored. The religious extremist has a lot in common with the political extremist, and back in the ‘forties Britain had to deal with political extremists who had managed to take over a country and were therefore far more of a threat to us than a lot of cretinous hillbillies with stupid placards. Yet even while bombs were falling on British cities and the enemy was trying his hardest to break civilian morale, the civilian population was defying him with two very simple weapons: the ‘business as usual’ sign and the lampoon. People laughed about Hitler; they laughed about how fat Goering was, and what a skinny runt Goebbels looked; about Hitler’s ridiculous fringe, or how his moustache made him look like Charlie Chaplin. They refused to be afraid of their enemy and turned him instead into a figure of ridicule. They then proceeded to try as much as possible to live their lives normally, because that defies an enemy who wants to break public morale, but mainly because the only other thing to do was to give up completely.
“The glacier is only 2kms ahead, child” he promised. “Hail Mother Ganga, may her strength be with you!” he added, as we crossed our paths on the slim and steep track that is the trek from Gangotri to Gaumukh – the source of the sacred river, Ganga.
Yesterday I had a Spa-liday. A definite me-day. I tended the garden of my being. I left work about a half hour early and went to the Wellness Spa Resort. I am a bit of a massage junkie, although I don't do it enough. I have a favorite massage therapist, but the Wellness Spa Resort is sort of like going to Disneyland. Once you enter you feel like you have been whisked away to a villa in Italy. I usually don't care, because my eyes are closed most of the time, but they were offering a special called the March Matinee: three services from a select list for $99 if the appointment was Monday-Thursday from 10:00 am to 4:00 pm. Count me in!
Yemen prohibited Jews from leaving the country in 1949. Tunisia stopped postal relations with Israel in 1956. In 1973, Syria forbade Jews to communicate with people abroad. In Morocco too, starting in 1956 there were difficulties for Jews in obtaining passports (families were held hostage), and in 1958, postal relations with Israel were suppressed. In Iran it became difficult for Jews to obtain a passport starting in the 1980s. In Egypt, in the 1950s, passports were also taken away from people leaving the country. In June 1948, martial law banned Jews from leaving Egypt for Israel.
A bloke walks into a pub and saunters up to the bar. He nods to the smiling barman and orders a beer.
We are instruments of Divine Intelligence – we each have a part to play in this cosmic shift. Every Soul makes a difference. As we all shed our fears and become free, we become beacons of Divine Light and Love. Imagine millions and millions of Souls around the world, waking up, tuning in, creating a new Earth, and a new humanity. See it in your mind’s eye…
From Kay Ryan’s fresh & new collection “THE BEST OF IT” (you haven’t it yet? Oh, Get it)
To be fair, it’s a big school. There are lots of graduates. It would be very expensive to send out and print high quality degrees. It’s just a little disappointing to get something so… anticlimactic at the end of my academic career. I mean, people dream about earning that piece of paper, and in the end, it’s just a sad piece of paper.
So as I sit here with the tears I just can't control streaming down my face and my arms aching to hold my daughter, I have to borrow an expression from great-grandpa Fred and say that waiting for Cora to come home "hurts so good".
How will you be spending Anzac Day? Regardless of your views on our involvement in wars (past and present), I feel it's important to honour those who have fought for our country and those currently bravely serving us. I have cousins in the Army, and they're pretty darn courageous (and work super hard).
So, few weeks back, as I was in the area, I decided to actually go to Plavi podrum and enjoy it on my own. This iconic place is famous for sea food and great selection of wines as the owner, Mrs. Kramarić, is one of the master somellier’s in the country and a well respected authority on wines (and food, of course)
Macaroni & Minced Meat Casserole With
Yoshi Avalanche 0:57:677
This always sounds good but a word of warning. The average novel sells 2,000 copies, anthologies of short stories and collections of poetry somewhat less. Will the organisers of the competition sell that many? Might not your work be better submitted normally to a publisher?
But Mubarak, not unlike a long list of dictators throughout the world, and his regime were corrupt. Bribery and conflicts of interest were not just common in the government, they were systemic. Political opposition was crushed by the political machine built by Mubarak and his friends in the ruling National Democratic Party (NDP). Mubarak and his friends used the Emergency Law to cling to power, a law which allowed police to imprison and torture unknown numbers of dissidents and opponents without bringing formal charges against them.
of her
Nevertheless, tonight I am going to rock on with my bad self.
Coming back to the first statement example of 10 babies being born at precise time with precise same natal charts. The precise time of birth say for 10 babies at a government hospital produces a similar astrological chart for all babies born- male or female (as astrological charts are drawn on the basis of the soul that reincarnated which can take either a female or male body) and let us assume that the chart states that any one taking birth at that time will have Raja Yoga. This means that they have a tendency to live like kings. This also means that all those babies born at the same time place will have the same Raja Yoga. To ask a question that whether all those become kings is a very valid question but a naïve question. Let us see how.
T is for Terrific. You are terrific if you have gotten this far.
You ask, is there things I would do differently? Absolutely! Would I not marry into a blended family again? If it was mine, I would do it all in a heart beat. I would not trade one minute of the past twelve years for anything. They are all awesomely great kids and they are all ours!
*sigh*
Here's my melons' temporary abode. Kept safe and dry from tea, a constant clear and present danger in the sewing room. The pets I don't need to worry about, they know better than to even look in the direction of quilt fabric!
You’ll catch me, Heroman.
For the 'experience,' we were presented with six beers, two at a time. The beers were as identical as Ron said they could possibly make them, excepting only the hops used: all Tettnang, but from different areas and times. The first pair were from two different farms. We nosed, tasted, chewed...and thought. Ron called out at the beginning of the discussion: "There is not a right answer!" Both beers exhibited flowery notes, but the first seemed more distinctly bitter, with grassy notes and some dandelion, while the second had a hint of pine. The thing I noticed was how -- as always -- when we focused on the beers, looking for differences, I got more out of the beer, the subtle substance of pils shone like glad light on water.
The exhaust system routes the four pipes into a collector which then continues to point forwards and direct the secondary pipe low underneath the radiator to the front of the sidepods. As the exhaust routes gasses at up to 1000-degrees C, it needs insulating to protect the other equipment housed in the sidepods. Renault appear to have fitted an insulated jacket around the main length of pipe in the sidepods. What is clear from the set up is that Renault had to raise the radiators to allow the pipe to ass underneath. The R31 has unusually large sidepod inlets and this might to cope with the ducting of the cooling airflow to the laid down radiator.
Jesus tells you, I love you too much to ignore this. I have to reprove and discipline you.
OK, so it’s really a thinly veiled excuse to play the excellent Zombie, but I thought I’d share with you some of my thoughts about avoiding exhaustion on the bike.
Is private midwifery practice a realistic career option?
My staff of faith to walk upon,
I’ll bear the toil, endure the pain,
Then there is the fact that I left a job I loved, working for a wonderful Montessori school, to start my own in home preschool. I've been given the impression that some people in my community (who sniff out drama) think there is MORE to this story than there really is. That, since I'm being completely open here, is fricking exhausting! Look: People resign from their places of employment and start somewhere new every day. There is no big dramatic story to tell. If you want to know more because you care about me then ask ME, don't troll my blog for dirt. Okay, there I said it.
Incidentally I have quite a deal of sympathy for extra-judicial execution of a dangerous criminal. "Wanted, dead or alive" posters have been part of the American mythology for a reason. But I gather there was a valid arrest warrant for the person and if the person surrendered there was a legal process. These are I presume "processes of law" rather than (say) a process of the executive. The executive claiming that their process is sufficient to execute someone is - politely - novel.
for ribeye. She does include a brief rest for the steak in garlic, olive
Certainly, you can’t fault his Stakhanovite work ethic. “It comes from my dad. He worked really hard and never had a day off,” says Gleave. “He retired at 57 and just said to me: “Son, if you can work your arse off and retire by the time you’re 40, you’ll be a lot happier than I was in life.” With writing sessions planned with Kylie and Enrique Iglesias, he is establishing himself as a sought-after pop polymath, whose USP is that he makes “pop with anti-pop lyrics.”
Her trill echoed across all of Howth
Our verdict: We loved this! The whole tomato sauce was thinner, but it had great flavor from the fresh basil and red pepper flakes. We liked the subtle heat of the spice. The texture of the pasta was slightly chewy-- like a dumpling. There is a difference with fresh pasta, and I want to learn more! This dish tasted fresh and healthy-- you could reduce the fat by using turkey sausage. This recipe got "five stars" from my husband. He doesn't do that very often. I wonder, is it because he helped make the pasta? He says he loved the flavor of it. It tasted excellent the next day.
What sentiment comes to mind when you see this image? I encourage you to share your ideas in a comment. Who knows, maybe one day it will become a stamp!
You can get an extra entry by doing one or both of the following:
In June and July of 2001, Unocal and UN/US officials were meeting with the Taliban in order to get them to allow a pipeline to be built through their country. The only sticking point was that the investors wanted US troops on the ground to protect their investment and the Taliban flat out refused.
So a tip that I recommend that you do is to wear lip gloss, the non sticky kind but one that smells like sweet, sweet strawberries. Like mine. And talking softly works way better than my normal voice and little acts like that one, super flirty.
Whoever would have thought a murder would become a fundraiser on the streets of Fort Lauderdale? In a case of whodunit, sleuths from all over South Florida helped raise $19,500 for the non-profit Partners In Education while trying to solve a fictional murder mystery during this year’s ClueLess on Las Olas: “Till Death Do us Apart.”
"We've had several discussions with the USPTO Examiner assigned to the patent application since the USPTO's issuance of an Office Action on our patent application in November 2004," said Greg Rotman, CEO of Paid, Inc. "We're pleased that the patent office is continuing to review Paid's patent application for our online shipping calculator and related technology. Based upon our discussions with the USPTO Examiner, we've filed a request for continued examination with new claims focusing on some core aspects of our online shipping calculator technology."
DESIGNER VS. CHEAPER
Some good 'ol aged tasty cheddar cheese and crackers or tapas style garlic prawns would be my food match recommendation with this tasty brew.
The financial meltdown is more complicated than that but what is important to realize is how it couldn't have reached the magnitude that it did without the help of mass immigration. Since it was all about volume loan originators needed a steady stream of people to sign their names on sheets of paper that can then later be sold off to some putz investor. It was a pyramid scheme and in order for it to remain sound you forever need a growing base to keep the structure from toppling in on itself and mass-immigration driven population growth was going to provide it.
Summer (no matter how wet it is sometimes) always promises that there will be more sunshine and more long hot days where I can sit out in the garden. So when I discover that the nights are drawing in I begin to realise that there will be no more sitting out in the garden in my t-shirt and shorts until next summer. That is, unless I like to freeze!!)
All Sprout® watches are in compliance with the CPSIA and are lead and phthalate free.
But enough complaining and whining around!
The quake, which was initially reported at a 4.3 magnitude, was centred about 15 miles (24 km) northeast of San Francisco, and was at a depth of 5.5 miles (8.8 km), the USGS said.
I breathed deeply and evenly and began to tease my nipples with my middle fingers. I was breathing and flicking my nipples in the same rhythm that she was making cycles on my golden spot. The pressure on my frenulum was steady and firm.
I went to guidance consoler for years. I told her about how you used to kiss my shoulder, my neck, stick your tongue in my ear and shit like that. She told me that I didn't have enough of a case.
–I started the year out in Vicksburg, Mississippi, where I got to know Linda Fondren, an inspiring (and fun!) woman who’s whipping that town into shape. For six years now, Mississippi has ranked as the most obese state in the nation. Fondren decided to do something about that. Two years ago, she issued a challenge to the city of Vicksburg: Lose 17,000 pounds in 17 weeks. She got the whole town on board–the mayor, the aldermen, the chief of police, teachers and the list goes on. She began monthly walks to encourage people to get out and about (which is not easy in Vicksburg, a city with hardly any sidewalks). She had weigh stations set up in spots across town (Wal-Mart, storage facilities, gyms, etc). She got the hospital on board to provide free health screenings. And by the end of 17 weeks, the town was thinner … by 15,000 pounds. What many people saw as a success (huge weight loss!), Fondren saw as a failure. She hadn’t met her goal, and she wasn’t ready to throw in the towel. So she kept at it. Now, two years later, the town has shed a collective 30,000 pounds. I wrote an in-depth feature story about Linda and her impact, which will appear in Southwest Airline’s Spirit Magazine in April.
I asked the guy how long can they last in the baggie? He said about 45 minutes.
Lisa — thanks for your responses. Here is further information on several points.
“Furthermore, E&O’s shares in the open market are quite fragmented and not very liquid, making the task of acquiring 30% quite cumbersome and time-consuming.
.... Bennett, who listed himself as an Oakland resident, is well-known to San Francisco police, and is named in a city anti-gang injunction that restricts his movements in the Oakdale public housing development in Bayview-Hunters Point.
Attacked by Pyro and Avalanche, Ms. Marvel defeats them; but the arms dealer is killed, leaving her with no leads. Weeks pass, and Mystique is still concerned by Destiny's premonition that Ms. Marvel will somehow hurt Rogue. Overhearing her foster mother, Rogue goes after Carol herself, who was starting to pull herself together after the events of Avengers #200. In short order, Rogue uses her powers to absorb Ms. Marvel's powers and memories, but it's too much: Rogue would be stuck with both for years, while Carol lost them almost completely. Rogue throws the unconscious Carol off the Golden Gate Bridge, setting up their appearances in Avengers Annual #10.
I got the greatest call from the embryologist this morning and out of 18 eggs, 14 were mature and 12 fertilized! OMG!!! That's great news! Now we wait till Monday for the transfer and see what grade they are before deciding on putting 1 or 2 in!
Its been for likes 3 months since we know each other… I don’t understand why.. I never.. We were so close.. We used to hang somewhere together, on the phone in the morning, texting all night long. And now…. We’re acting like we don’t know each other, which I have to deal with.
The 1911 has worn a lot of different grips over the years and I've tried many, but for me, a good set of rubber, checkered grips (molded over nylon cores in the case of the Hogue grip panels) seem to work well and I don't mind roughing them up a bit since I shoot in all kinds of weather conditions.
Dresdner Stollen
“I know all that. But I also know my son is going to die.
What's next for you? Is there a work-in-progress readers can look forward to?
Doyle considered a few seconds longer before lifting his glass. “Then here’s to happy endings.”
And by weird I just mean difficult.
Here was just me, minding my own but you just had to try and impress your friends by letting your big mouth find a home,
The writing style had the nuances of a middle grade story. There wasn't a lot of depth to Gwyn's emotional struggle and the sub characters were very 2D, put there for the purpose of having people for Gwyn to interact with, but it wasn't like we had any background on them. Personal tastes and aspirations, etc.
Let me first start by saying thanks for reading! This is the third, and final, blog post sharing a bit about my path as a dancer and teacher over the last year. I’ve shared what I’ve been up to with all my classes since I’ve moved to Bellingham and have now come to the point where I’d like to share my plans for not only my future, but the future of my class offerings for my students.
P.S. For copies, click on a recipe and it will appear on a new page for printing.
What have we found?
I put on my Sunday face and welcomed her as if she was an old friend. I was, after all, a minister’s wife, and thought she probably knew me.
That’s a lot of talk about what is a pretty niche little application of some fairly uncommon photographic gear. For those of you who have read this far- congratulations! I appreciate your commitment. For the rest of you, I hope you liked the photo at the top of this post before you got bored. To reward you, here’s another shot- the same vantage, but this time shot with a 1-second exposure (by opening up the aperture to let more light in) rather than 80 seconds.
With parking being a bit of a hassle and lucky dip, we really could have ended up anywhere along the main road of Hurstville. Our luck would have it that we spotted The Little Chilli House first – its colourful photo covered front window obscuring the view within.
But they have also written and recorded a brand new Christmas carol which I now invite you to listen to. Be forewarned -- get your dancing shoes out:
Not likely, I ain't gonna be
If all it takes to delay or avoid charges is to commit so many potential violations as to overwhelm the system, can you imagine what next election is going to look like? Elections Canada can’t keep waiting until it’s fully investigated the hundreds of specific complaints into the 2011 election before it starts laying charges. Start processing the people already identified, and continue with the investigation. If a bank robber is caught, police don’t wait to charge him until they’ve determined if the robber is responsible for any other crimes also.
I am torn between so many things I try to avoid thinking about them to avoid going nuts. But it’s just making everything worse because deep down I have this deep anxiety that stems from a voice saying, “You need to make a choice and you better do it quick“. It’s true really, even though I would kill whoever that punctiliously right voice belongs to (that’s right. Suicide. Pfft).
Why does no one use the past tense of the verb "garden?" Seriously. No one says, "I gardened today." Everyone says, "I did some gardening today." Well, because I am a linguistic rebel, I shall tell you that I gardened.
Make sure your thoughts are a reflection of what you want to create or project within your life. As a result, you will create a better life and a better you!
to release her fiancé from their
The economic analogy afforded by the phenomenon of inflation is extremely instructive in any consideration of the questions of group identity or group membership. Consider the familiar chain of events when countries start printing money to cover obligations that cannot be met any other way (public salaries, government bonds, etc.). The entry into circulation of new money without a commensurate creation of new wealth means that each unit of currency corresponds to less wealth, with prices rising as a result.
Take the months before the first fitting appointment to visit several lingerie stores and try on, and purchase, multiple styles. Bring everything with you to the fitting -- and leave the tags on -- to try on what really will work best. After you have found the right bra you can return the other items.
I know I've been posting alot of pies lately. I 've never been very good at making pie crust. They never turned out the way everybody else's did. But now that I started making Paula Deen's Perfect Pie crust my crust turn out great. So I started making all those pies I haven't made for years. Sorry, I promise to move on after I post the pie I made for Sugar High Friday. I made this one just because I've never made a brownie pie before. It was very easy and good. I like that in a pie, easy and good, doesn't get any better than that. This recipe also got my attention because it was a "Southern" Brownie pie and I love southern recipes.
3.- Spanish Song - Produced by Domingo
Once again the transatlantic diablog was on location to portrait an artist. This time someone who also illustrates other artist’s lives – as comics. For those of you who don’t want to read those big biography books this is an option.
It's the middle of the night at the orphanage for girls in depression-era New York City. The orphans are asleep when Molly, a 6-year old orphan, suddenly wakes up from a dream and cries out for her mother. Annie rushes over to comfort her and dry her tears. Molly begs Annie to read her the note she always keeps in her pocket, a note that Annie's parents left when they abandoned her as a baby. Annie, ever-hopeful that her parents will one day return for her, reads the note aloud as the girls dream about what it would be like to have a real home with real parents. Then Annie holds Molly close and sings to her about the parents she imagines but has never known:
Keep going. You might think you don’t have the time, space or energy to keep writing, but you’ll find it. Talk to other writers, show your work to people you trust, and only follow advice that feels right for you.
(March 28, 2007) “At this juncture, however, the impact on the broader economy and financial markets of the problems in the subprime market seems likely to be contained. In particular, mortgages to prime borrowers and fixed-rate mortgages to all classes of borrowers continue to perform well, with low rates of delinquency.”
When: December 7, 2009 through January 31, 2010
The site then directs teens to Planned Parenthood, saying that agency will either help them talk to parents or provide a lawyer to guide them through the judicial process.
So, I have had a pretty bad run week. My goal is to run 3-4 times a week. Mostly 30 minute runs with at least one 45 minute run each week. I did fine on Tuesday--30 minutes on the treadmill and even managed to do closer to a 14 minute mile than a 15 minute mile. Then on Thursday, I decided to run on the indoor track. It's about 90 degrees here this week so I didn't think it was a good day to try the run outside. But I knew I had to move beyond the treadmill. Well, it was not so good. I didn't feel great on my way to the rec center. I started my run, got about 15 minutes and felt awful. Decided to take a one lap walk and do the second 15 which I would have been okay with but I could only make it 8. Not sure what happened. I think it was a combination of the way I was feeling, my confidence in doing this run away from the treadmill, and the fact that I was on this tiny 1/13 of a mile track and it felt like I was running forever. So, I'll try again tomorrow. See what happens. I am shooting for 45 minutes tomorrow and will probably run on the treadmill. Next week, temps are supposed to be in the 70s so it looks to be perfect running weather. Maybe that is the week to try the run outside.
Like most foodies, I am obsessed with recipes. I cook when I'm happy, sad, stressed, and just for the heck of it. But when stormy weather hits, I bake my way though the storm.
I am pissed off. But again reminded that inexperience reins. She is not a new teacher, but she has been teaching during the change of seniority during these troubled economic times, rendering her a senior level educator. It reminds me that junior people are now preparing a new generation based on inexperience.
I put the flowers together and decided they needed a little bit more support and attached some wire to the back of the stem with some Glossy Accents. I then layered the flowers between the 2 vase pieces by placing 2 on the back piece and 1 on the front pieces to make it look less flat. I also added some bling. I then tied some white ribbon around the vase and then attached it to the front of the vase.
What you are saying is sorrowful to me, much it displeases me;
Very satisfied; somewhat satisfied; slightly satisfied; neither satisfied nor dissatisfied; slightly dissatisfied; somewhat dissatisfied; strongly dissatisfied (Dillman et al., 2009, p. 139)
The arrest of the vulture - whose identification code is R65 - comes several weeks after an Egyptian official voiced the suspicion that a shark that attacked tourists off the Sinai shore was also acting on behalf of Mossad. The incidents may reflect a growing irrational hysteria among Arabs surrounding Israel's military prowess and the efficacy of its intelligence services, possibly fueled by the Stuxnet virus' success..
I grasped an even thornier nettle and emigrated. I had realised that ZA had remained polarised despite the so called "end of apartheid" in 1994. It was polarised five years ago when I left, and it continues to remain so as I write today.
Talking about saints!
There was a problem, however. NLR has been founded in the wake of the crisis of British Communism following the revelation of Stalin's crimes and the Soviet invasion of Hungary, which had triggered mass resignations from the CPGB. Thus while NLR was a supporter of the revolutionary Left throughout the Third World, it had largely lost faith in the Soviet model and was thus not wholly approved of by orthodox Communists - and most ANC exiles were orthodox Soviet-line Communists. And while Soviet theorists were not hostile to Gramsci - he had been a leader of the Italian Communist Party (the PCI) and had died fighting fascism - nor did they quote him, regarding him in practise as suspiciously liberal and voluntarist.
Well folks, it’s that time of year again! On Sunday, 2/19, pitchers and catchers report for spring training! I have the fever….how about you! Florida is the place to be in March……..as well as the rest of the year! Rays spring workouts begin Monday, 2/20 in Port Charlotte. I can hardly wait for the “boys of summer” to be back in action. My husband and I both LOVE baseball and go into a sort of mourning period when the season is over. Thankfully, living in Florida lets us get our baseball fix a lot sooner that other parts of the country. All of the teams in the Grapefruit League have their spring training camps here. If you are a baseball fan-atic, you can catch any number of games within an hour-or-so drive and be back in Tampa before dinner! The mister and I are planning on being in Port Charlotte for the opening of the spring workouts as well as the spring training home-opener the first weekend of March. This is some good, wholesome, family entertainment at a reasonable price and the kiddos will love how accessible the players are in this more personable setting. I hope to see some of you out at the “old ball game”!
Twenty million in a day is great, a milestone for most. The other day, Chris locked in ten times that amount. Granted, he crushed the single day record, but still. It’s representative of the boom.
Nino Ferrer - Mirza
I think this covers just about every aspect he needs improvement on.
Ozzy is my cousin’s son. I am friends with him, unlike Nelly who hates him… Ozzy is seldom at our territory when Nelly is around. That is taking a huge risk. I am friends with many cats. Anyway, Ozzy’s very nice and friendly, and I often have a little chat with him.
In one study, large-breasted women removed the weight of breasts from their shoulders for two weeks, either by going braless or by wearing a strapless bra. Only one woman chose a strapless bra and all the others went braless. The researchers monitored the women for muscle pain and tenderness. Seventy-nine percent of patients decided to remove breast weight from the
Tip of the Day: Nervous to give self-pub books a try? Don't be. 99% of the time Amazon allows you to download a sample. Try it before you buy it.
::hint, hint:: I'll be back later this week with a giveaway
I so enjoyed creating these adorable pieces and hope they each find a home of their own one day.
I can see my youngest son rolling his eyes, and saying, "MO-om!"
How these guys learned their West Virginia, Hasil Adkins sound is a mystery (or why they wanted to), but the result is pure weird fun. Nothing like some good trailer punk songs sung with a Danish accent. Seriously, everyone I've brought to their show has had fun (3 and counting).
PIAGET, J. (1926). The Language and Thought of the Child. New York: Harcourt, Brace.
*Make pom-pom and attach
Broken Light: A Photography Collective, a WordPress blog of “photographers living with, or affected by, mental illness; supporting each other one photograph at a time.”
Standing impossibly low and small, with wire-thin steering wheel and sticklike gear shift, the first Morris Mini Minor that rolled off the conveyor belt in 1959 is part of the V&A exhibition. By 1963 my future husband was driving a replica in white and memories of the 1969 movie The Italian Job sprung to mind. By the late 60’s I was studying ceramics and British potters like Hans Coper, Lucie Rie, Ruth Duckworth, David Leach and Micheal Cardew, all on view in the Exhibition, were my idols. Then came the young innovators like Jacqueline Poncelet and Elizabeth Fritsch pushing the boundaries with slip cast bone china and jewel-like applications of coloured slip and I became the possessor of a triple beam balance and my days were obsessed with mixing kaolin to create my own translucent slip-cast porcelain and gruelling hours of piercing minutes holes through paper thin pots only to have them disintegrate in my hands.
If anything, the one major flaw is that this show may be too outlandish for many people. The idea that cute girls can be guns, while also firing guns that may, or may not be themselves is just weird. This shows approach to common sense and logic is to throw it out of the window and then see how many bullets can be landed before they hit the ground. It simply does not care, and I am currently loving it for that. Any show that can have as much, if not more innuendo than Aquarion EVOL is a classic in my book. Of course, this show is neither original, but it is unique, and its sense of humor is truly in the gutter, yet if you cannot enjoy a good piece of innuendo and toilet humour then you might want to reassess certain elements of your life.
For my last long run before the half marathon on the 1st I had a difficult time deciding what distance to run. The Runner's World plan said 11 miles. The Hal Higdon plan said 12. Last year I did 10 before my first half marathon and 8 before my second one. I was personally thinking between 8 and 9 this time. So, I asked on another online forum and the advice I got was to run for an hour and a half. That's usually about 9 miles for me so I made 9 my goal for Saturday.
I have always been interested in pornography and how it operates, particularly now we have the digital media. With porn companies becoming blue chip business and the internet allowing almost unrestricted access to any type of fetish or pornography , i thought it would be interesting to investigate this aspect of life that no one talks about.
"One hundred dollars," the hooker answers.
with my map of the dead and look for him,
And now for a bloggieversary prize drawing!
So I stuck my head into the fridge and came up with this pasta dish. It was a huge hit, and I will definitely make it again.
Those were his duties, so the boy balked. “Shouldn’t I…?”
You had me at “love triangle,” LOL! But what a fascinating line-up of Let’s have some fun with MIDNIGHT BECKONING. What’s the first sentence?
You are outside on a dark summer night.
In reality, Tammany Hall’s heyday was after Tweed’s downfall as it ruled the City for most of the period from 1874 to 1932, and later in a supposed comeback under Carmine DeSapio from 1954 to 1961. It was two or three years after Tweed’s downfall that John Kelly, a much more important but less well known figure in the City’s political history. became the head of Tammany Hall. Kelly, sometimes called “Honest” John Kelly, was a former Congressman (the first Irishman in Congress) who had been deposed by Tweed. After his defeat at the hands of the Tweed ring he had left New York to spend a number of years in the holy land where he had studied Catholicism. After Tweed’s fall he returned to New York City, where he was one of the few Irish politicians not tainted by the Tweed scandals. He reorganized the Democratic party in the City on the model of the Catholic Church in which there would be county committeeman in each election district (the equivalent of parish priests) who reported to district leaders in each assembly district of the City (the equivalent of the College of Cardinals) who in turn reported to the overall leader (the “boss”). The key person in this structure in many ways was the district leader, since he in effect would select the county committeemen, and was responsible for reporting on the problems of people in the district (as often reported to him by the county committeemen), would request assistance from the County leader for the district, and of course would be expected to turn out the voters of the district for the party’s candidates. A good district leader would in effect be the intermediary between the district and City Hall and responsible for negotiating with the leader of Tammany Hall for the needs of the district from the City government, and for City projects in the district, particularly in years in which Tammany Hall was in control of the City government (which was 80% of the time from 1875 to 1932).
...over a series of weekends, beginning tomorrow, I’m gonna be continuing my yogic education through a fifty hour Align and Flow training...based in principles of anusara...a Sanskrit term which, as I understand it, means something like don’t care how long you’ve been practicing yoga, your alignment’s waaaaaaay off...
The Citadel has made no such appearances. It has never played in a game following its conference tournament. No NCAA trips, no NIT bids, nothing.
Mobile devices are expensive. This is cutting edge technology we’re talking about here, and you get what you pay for, it’s as simple as that. It’s a massive shame that lots of every day folks can’t afford to snaffle one (us included!) but compared to many devices, the Vita is not that pricey.
Red Tory – Big Society – Big Business – Banks – Private provision for public goods – a pretend to care for public workers.
No one in the group, looking him over from various angles, thought he looked very much like Lanna at all; or Ben, his presumed father, for that matter.
His face broke the surface, and Jonathan sucked in a deep breath. He shivered and wrapped his arms around his torso, kicking as fast as his tired limbs could to stay afloat. Where were his clothes? Oh yeah. They were ripped to pieces when he morphed into that giant bird. And now
*”I have nothing, Don.”
If I am unsure how some appearing condition is perfect, I should (1) recall that Dorje Shugden is controllng and arranging everything, (2) accept that it is only my ignorance and delusions that prevent me from seeing and understanding how what is appearing is perfect, (3) generate a pure motivation wishing only to train my mind to become a Buddha, and (4) request wisdom blessings to understand what this new appearing condition reveals to me about the truth of Dharma or provides me with an opportunity to train my mind. On the basis of this new understanding, I then apply effort to practice in the way that seems the most appropriate.
The Santiago Bernabeu side defeated Athletic Bilbao at the San Mames to celebrate the Spanish league title two games before the end of the Liga campaign
Did you imagine something different when you only saw the text? Can you see why writers don’t divide the text into individual pages? It would be too restrictive as there are so many layout possibilities. In this case there are three separate images, but there could easily have been just one. And guess what? When I wrote this I had a clear image in my head of snowflakes swirling in the shape of bears. The illustrator, Gaby Hansen, interpreted the story differently, and that’s absolutely fine. She even has the bear sticking out his tongue to catch snowflakes, and I think that’s delightful and I hadn’t visualised that.
The simple answer to this issue remains the same, at least with regard to Hospitality and leisure based businesses.
Here are the dogs:
UV Cake vodka lent a "pastry flair" to the base, with pineapple juice for fruitiness, and a bit of molasses and rum extract for old school festive flavor. Why not use actual rum you ask? I suppose one could, but I was after that ultra-concentrated rummy flavor only immersion in spirits provides to the cake. And in jelly shot form, extract is the best way to get there.
(3)Country:
I thank you for being You
Michael A. McCombs, DMD, MS
Curiosity is probably going to kill this cat and I have Googled the hell out of the ‘mysteries’ over the years to find out what the secrets of the so-called oathbound mystery traditions are. This feels like an odd thing to confess to. But the crux of the matter is this: does someone need to press me on the chest, wave their magic wand and pass their power on to me? Hell no. I think I’ll keep dabbling in my own craft which is more and more starting to resemble rainbow unicorn vomit. At this stage, I’m okay with that. But in the future this may be another story.
1 express
1 ½ finely chopped watercress (I didn’t have any)
It is he who made us, and we are his;
- Come FACE yourself & pick up your art work
One of the giveaways of black racists nowadays is their calls for a conversation about race. The last thing in the world that racists like Nita Hanson, Roland Martin, Eric Holder or “Barack Obama” want is a conversation about race. They want to lecture whites, and get outraged whenever a white refuses to play the role they have assigned him as a white Uncle Tom or, in this case, white Aunt Jemima.
I didn't forget any of you. I just, I just...
Make a list of what you need and look for items that are discounted or wait for the sale as they will be very soon as retailers have been badly affected by the weather and are going to want to shift stock.
I purchased a Polyurethane cover. In my opinion, the price is just about right for that material, and I couldn’t justify spending so much extra just so it would have that leather smell. Also, I’ve heard that the color fades from the leather cover, and that it wrinkles easier than the polyurethane option. But if you have some money burning a whole in your pocket, and you just can’t stop staring at one of the leather colors, be my guest and try out a leather cover. Just drop me a line at reviewsbyisam@yahoo.com and tell me how you like it.
weak or that you’re not enough
I know I am in for a trouble with this theme. But I am looking forward to see some out of the box thinking here. The rule is very clear, take traditional dish and recreate it with a twist. Traditional can include so many factors. Even making the regular dish and presenting in a new way can fall under this. Like making an Punjabi Tikka Pizza can be an apt example. This is more like a fusion cooking in other words.
There were a few things I liked: I liked the wolf things!! They scared the pee out of me literally. I liked how cute Gale was! I liked how Cinna was portrayed very true to character. I liked Effie Trinket! I liked the selection at the reaping (this was the only part of the movie that made me cry)! I liked that I got to go with K.
So, this is the first entry of my first blog, carved in electronic-stone at 13:18 on Sunday, December 4th 2011.
Travelling is hard work, whatever the destination or reason and it is best to attack the packing with a systematic approach. I believe that the secret to successful travelling is in the packing and the secret to the packing is the weight. The more we carry, the more tiring the trip; the more tired we are the more fraught we become. Travelling is no longer about luxury, relaxing and being pampered - travelling is about getting from A to B as safely as possible. There are many obstacles to be conquered on a journey... getting to the airport, negotiating check-in, undressing for security, dealing with crowds and in particular impatient people, finding airport lounges and getting to the gate on time...without being weighed down to breaking point. Wherever I venture I travel light with the exception of skiing...that is impossible..
The private sector — you, Edward and I — reward organizations that provide us with stuff we value by buying that stuff and we punish the others by not buying their stuff.
My advice, next time a guy asks, ‘How deep is your love’ – tell him that it’s as deep as the ocean where you will easily find, ‘plenty more fish in the sea’.
Then we headed home and that night set up the tree. This year was so fun with the kid's ages. They got so excited about certain ornaments and were actually able to get them on the tree to the point that they stayed and didn't fall off within a few minutes :-) And of course we cranked up the Christmas tunes nice and loud and danced!
I've finally managed to finish my layout for the Ever After movie poster!
Now is the time we start eating lighter foods - more salads, more fruit and for me, more soup. I know soup might sound comforting on a cold winter day but soup is helpful for weight loss or weight maintenance any time of the year. Studies show that people who eat soup before a meal consume less calories during that meal.
To celebrate the start of the 5th edition, every person who leaves a comment on any of the first three postings will be eligible to win a copy of 'The Pulse - The Zine' from 2008, which is now out of print and unavailable. Comments close on Saturday July 9th and the winner will be announced on Sunday July 10th.
So what are the chances of any of this happening, well put it this way there’s more chance of the Welsh Government admitting it got a few things wrong over its economic policy, but I’ve got that off my chest and I feel better already.
The Tempest – Shelby Farms April 11-22.
Now that I have separated the skills, I spend one week doing only Input based activities and the next Output. When I began Spanish, I divided it even more and only emphasized the Oral based skills. So I basically spent my time only listening one week and only speaking another. That doesn’t mean I wouldn’t speak on input weeks, it just meant that my emphasis and priorities were on input only for that week. Now that my skills are getting better I have now incorporated reading and writing into the mix as well.
Paul Wilson, Jr. is a "Dream Catalyst" and Marketplace Pastor for leaders and entrepreneurs. He is driven to lead people to unleash God’s potential in their lives through their purpose, passions, and professional skills. He equips leaders with creative, faith-based strategies to flourish spiritually and professionally, while operating from several multi-media platforms, including TV show host, inspirational speaker, and stimulating writer. Paul is the President of Kingdom Business University, which utilizes workshops, consulting, and coaching services to ignite Christian catalysts maximize their God-given mission in the marketplace. He is the author of the life purpose igniter “Dream B.I.G. in 3D: How to Pursue a Bold, Innovative God-Inspired Life!” He is also the host of Passion in Action, a motivational and educational faith-based Internet TV show for social entrepreneurs, business leaders, and community change agents. Contact us today to learn more about how he can help your business, church, or community to thrive on purpose!
This 1920 house was bought for $1.220 million in 2002. I liked it then and haven’t seen it since but it’s back on today asking $2.1 million after the owners have added a new kitchen, central air, new baths, etc. That doesn’t strike me as a bad price at all. The house’s driveway is on Wesskum Wood, so you avoid the hassle of entering Sound Beach Avenue, and nice as the house was eight years ago (and it really was), a new kitchen and baths would have been welcome. But will buyers go for this price? I hope so, because I think it’s a good one, and if it doesn’t fetch close to its asking price, we’re really dropping down there. But maybe we are, so who knows?
things require time and effort.Didn’t we just talk about time and effort earlier?
She points through the hole into the dark throat of the diseased landscape.
Cranberry Seed Oil is widely used in anti-aging beauty products.
Essentially, there are two parts to this salad, roasting the cauliflower in the oven, chopping all the other ingredients and making a dressing. I think that is three parts!
Nette
Today we talked about what it means to be brave. I told him being brave means that even when you are scared, you are still strong. We practiced this when he had to get his blood drawn. Would you believe that he didn't even flinch? Not so much as a whimper when they put the needle in. (If you know me or asked my mom, she would have a MUCH different story of how I reacted to getting my blood drawn when I was little. And mom, this is not an invitation for you to write the whole story in the comments.)
They put their love upon that stage
57. Been told you're hot by a complete stranger? - It depends on how the 'hotness' was described. Remember #10?
Demand the impossible
What else did I miss?
I could go on forever. After years of writing people off for next to no reason, over time I have developed a system. Call me a narcissist, I really don't care. As I stated, I'm working on letting go of the small stuff, lest I find myself old and totally alone. Transgressions made that I label 'moderate to serious' and I make a mental note. Another one and you are officially flagged in my brain. It only takes one more for you to make THE LIST. Many an individual has made THE LIST, but very few have every come off of it. There is no redemption at that point. It's over. THE LIST is extensive, and lots of folks never even realize they made their way there, especially if I must interact with them on a professional level that keeps me from freezing them out completely. Of course, there is a particular group of actions that require no process in my brain, they are met with immediate removal from my life. Cut off, done… no conversation, no looking back. Straight to THE LIST. The system works for me. I'm ok with it. Matter of fact, the only time I ever really suffer is when I try to give people chances so they don't end up on THE LIST. (Note to self: Stop doing that.)
Okay, that’s not all at all.
But then this gal was the first one I was drawn to, with her gigantic green eyes, sitting straight up in her little cage. I deliberated for a little while, wanting to give most of the cats their chance, but in the end she's the one we took home.
Thank you, God. For healing of all kinds.
This is a time of great celebration, as we move out of the darkness and into the light. The veils will be lifted; we will remember and live our intimate connection to all life; we will be allowed to reunite with our cosmic brothers and to move about the universe. We will completely redefine what it means to be human!
A fellow blogger recently made the statement that the most dangerous and false claim to be taken for fact is "I am poor because you are rich". The relationship between the richest and poorest in society is not a straightforward one; But it is certainly not a causal relationship.
Proud sentinels of the past, embellished with silver and gold;
answered in the east
Instead of software buttons, Samsung choose to use a traditional physical home button and touch-sensitive keys. I would have preferred the company to have made a bold switch with software keys, hence my disappointment. Also with the Menu key on the left instead of the Back key, I found myself accidentally hitting it while trying to go back. This will not be a problem if you’re used to Samsung’s button positioning, but if you’re like me (I use phones mostly with my left hand), you may find a tired thumb from stretching too much to reach the back button.
Well, uh, that's it for me. I don't really have a fancy closer for this one. I just wanted to remind the world that teenagers aren't without self-awareness.
Eww, talking about gaining weight. Depressing. Let's go back to talking about vacation.
Oh dear! My last post was DECEMBER 2012!! I was about to say that I was off the radar but if I am honest with myself (which is another story all on it’s own) is that I have been very much ON the radar since December. A move across the Atlantic fromSwitzerlandtoNew Yorkcan account for my lack of putting pen to paper, keyboard to wordpress.
My mama did all the laundry--and basically everything it takes to live--while I got used to being a mama.
I realized that I mostly eat when I’m stressed, depressed, or bored but if I’m angry.. If I’m angry, I’d go on a hunger strike. Which is weird because I looove food, but not really weird because I can’t imagine eating with an angry face haha. But I don’t get angry often or stay angry long, so… no hunger strikes for me! lol.
shots like this wouldn’t happen.
I hope you will spend some time outside and try them.
If Thigh High had been a novelty hit maybe he'd only have be remembered as Canning Town's answer to Leapy Lee, a sixties one hit wonder pining for his days as a West Ham apprentice. Luckily for all concerned, Essex didn't score until his first self-written single came out in 1973.
Churches and para-church groups create a Statement of Faith and Practice that summarizes what they belief about Christianity and how Christians can reflect Christ as they live the Christian life.
there is nothing wild
Narrow Gauge has been performing at weddings and events since 2001 and play a wide variety of great dance songs from Alan Jackson to ZZ Top, AC/DC to Zac Brown and everything in between!
Unfortunately for you and your ISA buddies the Helghast aren’t quite as beaten as your superiors would have you believe.
TURN ON BURNER to MED heat
Embellishements: Antique Brads, Victoria 5/8" Ribbon, Clear Embossing Powder.
That's all. Good luck!
The designer unveiled hundreds of pairs of shoes that he had created over the years, saying the journey had been “emotional” for him.
So for now we have a version scheduled for the 19th of January and are trusting that God has things under control.
It’s not me. I know that for sure. It can’t be me.
Well I think we are all ready for back to school now!!!! Thanks for sharing all of your AMAZING creations with us this week!!! And as always a big thanks to Simon Says for helping us with such a fun challenge!!!!
Besides, Sheridan thought, receptionists are always the last to know.
take it home in a paper bag
Today's question is from We'll Always Have Summer by Jenny Han.
When I am teaching, I often experience the same phenomenon. I deliver my lines, answer questions, provide feedback, encourage nervous students... juggling so many functions makes the state of Zentangle elusive at times.
Eine Kleine Nacht Musik (Mozart) 4:21
Anwaar: Maisa, you are too much!
A lost colony is reborn in this heart-pounding fantasy adventure set in the near future . . .
I was disturbed. Here I was, a twenty-year-old, whose whole life was ahead of her, already tired of life. I glanced at Tanya, who was talking animatedly about how she swam with a whale. She looked alive. Her eyes shone with satisfaction and excitement. I wanted to be like her. I wanted to be excited about life again.
Im not saying whatever goes tomorrow but once that laxative is in me it’s all rules are off. If I can go all Friday afternoon and evening sans food I’ll be good. Do a video for exercise once I get home and after chiro, then tomorrow morning do another 11km run. Ideally, first food I should have to eat is Saturday after my run when I eat a shake.
We’d love your participation and your help advertising the chat which will run for one hour starting at noon on Friday using the hashtag #equalpaychat.
I’d sketched with some colour over top of one of the covers of the National Enquirers I’d bought, liked the effect, so continued on. Overworked one of them, but the end result is interesting.
Start the kale with 2-3 pieces of bacon, chopped, in a hot pan. Brown, remove and drain the bacon on a paper towel, and pour off all but 1 tbsp. of the rendered fat.
$71575
Psychedelic Freak Out (Demos, Acetates & Mixes)
Then, I read Paul’s words from Romans 8:31, 33, and 37.
physically
I have also taken several nice trips to the French countryside and this week we are going to New Orleans to eat some Jambalaya. Anyone who wants to come over and eat...let me know. Give me a little bit of advance notice if you don't mind though.
Kate and I wrote this story for the GP Mamas, but since it has been a while since I've blogged and I'm too lazy to write something new, I thought I'd share it with you. Ahem, ahem....
It came from standing pools and springs
If you're looking for more inspiration, be sure to check out the Challenge Blog along with all the other Dynamos' personal blogs for some stunning designs -
The importance, here, is in the realization that if the Tower was designed to be of the people, a monument to international popular sovereignty, then it is also in the people, and amongst them, literally: it is medically present in the space between cells, resonating in cobwebs of bone marrow, as much as it is traced again and again within the four dimensions of urban space by the passage of workday pedestrians.
FUCK THA HAJIS, FUCK THA HAJIS , FUCK THA HAJIS
I ran into Mary (Class 2, Challenging Heights), who wants to be a nurse, on my way to the washroom and Kwabena, one of the sweetest boys on earth. Also, Richmond, who, as I’ve mentioned before on this blog, has a tendency to pinch and pinch hard.
I am sure when he gets older I will get to see if he will hold onto the giraffe more to help keep it in his mouth. I love the concept, but right now he is not that big of a fan of a pacifier.
He rode right into the bank and up to the teller window proclaiming, “Ah wonna mick uh de-pah-zit!”
16.Bellevue Situation 03:47
Thanks for taking the time to get to know me!
Of course, Mitsubishi might claim (and would hope to prove) that SoCal Ed operated the steam generators outside guaranteed (and thus warranty covered) parameters, while SoCal Ed would hope to prove that it operated the equipment exactly as specified and agreed to and that no operations it performed were outside the agreed performance parameters of the equipment as specified and ordered. These are sensible speculations on the part of this author and don't represent anything official from SoCal Ed or from Mitsubishi.
Wednesday, October 31st–Today, thank God, I was fired from my crappy job. I went to see “Into The Wild.”
CounselingCalifornia.com offers conversation guidance for parents and educators who suspect their child or student is being bullied:
It took that mostly frozen bird about 2 hours longer to cook than planned and Mom getting dinner ready by herself took a little longer.
and you will receive two (5x5") photos out of the collage above.
Please check the customer reviews & ratings of Canon EOS Rebel T3i SLR Digital Camera Kit with Canon 18-55mm Lens + Canon EF-S 55-250mm IS Autofocus Lens + SSE Premium Camera Lens Starter Kit on the merchant’s site by visit the link below.
The Clarion Dulcimer Club has arranged for Stephen Seifert to teach 3 workshops and present a concert, Friday, May 18 at the DeBence Antique Music World,1261 Liberty St, Franklin. The program is scheduled for the DeBence ballroom(top floor). Park in back as Liberty St. parking is limited to two hours. There is a long-term lot in the back on Buffalo, a one way street. Look up the location on Map Quest to make sure you know how to get there.
I have been trying to keep up with you all as time allowed, but I'm afraid I've been a bit light on commenting.
I must have been quite young. I’d personally include fairytales in the general ‘myth’ category: but I was certainly reading a version of the Odyssey before I was ten. And I absolutely mopped up Roger Lancelyn Green’s retellings of the Greek and Norse legends. I loved them! They didn’t scare me: I found them exciting and wonderful. I remember trying to make lists of gods and goddesses and line them up. Mars = Ares = Tyr, for example, and Venus = Aphrodite = Freya – but there were always the odd men out, like Loki in the Norse canon, whose role might be compared with Mercury/Hermes, but whose character seems quite different. I even wrote about them. I composed a long story when I was about 12, of a a boy who goes on holiday to Greece (a country I’d never visited) and meets the Medusa in a sea cave.
A Vulgar Neighbourhood
You certainly have to leave home (or your hotel room) to get to the best beer shops in Belgium. One of the best is undoubtedly Bierhandel Willems in Grobbendonk, a village in the Antwerpen province and a 40-minute bus ride from the Sinjorenstad itself. Willems en zoon stocks 300 different beers, and among them are quite a few rarities, including the three on the picture.
Santa: Hello, Little Boy... have you been good this year?
In our efforts to be healers, we imitate the Master, Jesus of Nazareth, the Divine Healer. What comfort a parent gives to a sobbing child hurt by the cruelties of schoolmates with a hug and a kiss! The expression “I love you” works miracles in hearts of troubled by low self-esteem. Even such a small happening as a smile from someone serving me food, a waitress or a flight attendant, raised my low spirits and made me want to go on living.
the plums
I've been told that children who use rice-filled heating pads love them. The warmth of a heating pad can soothe a child's achy muscles or ease the pain of a stomach ache. It can keep a child warm on a cold night, and it can even be used to gently warm up a baby's crib before he goes to bed. (Remove the heating pad before the baby is placed in the crib, and always check the mattress temperature.) I'm certain a rice filled heating pad is not nearly as good as being held by a loving grandparent, but hopefully having their very own "Love Birds" will remind them that they are loved!
Why shouldn’t we see the Rover’s Return filled with people drinking Carling lager or the beer of any local northern regional brewer?
Gild & Grace - I'll be shocked if Abbey hasn't received Liebster nominations before. Her blog is overflowing with beautiful and inspirational images of interiors, fashion, entertaining and all things wonderful. The way Abbey's following is growing this might be the last chance to nominate her!
The king catches my eyes -
A prominent opposition activist, Mohammed Al-Maskati, told RIA Novosti that police also arrested two Japanese journalists who covered protests on a highway leading to the Bahrain International Circuit, where a Formula 1 Grand Prix took place on Sunday.
- an example of people demonstrating what a powerful illusion this naturalistic method can provide,
My generation worries more about the future than the past. Will we too enjoy the benefits of a pension? Will our children and grandchildren still grow up in prosperity? How will Germany look — how will Europe look — if the great social problems of the present continue to be unresolved? Those problems that your generation hardly notices, to which the ’68ers frantically close their eyes, which now we, the following generation, must be the first to experience firsthand? Foreign infiltration, rising violence, brutalization, plummeting educational standards. Increasing poverty. as a result of all that — and inflation besides. Burgeoning extremism of every hue as an unavoidable consequence. All that leads to the worry of whether peace and freedom will last long in Europe.
To live fully is to dare.
We improvised on the recipe a little. Adding chocolate chips into the mixture! His cousin also did the same for her wedding cupcakes! But this time round, we seemed to add a little too much. :S whoopsie.
you still wouldn’t know all there is to know.
So I guess the turnout isn't too bad. LOL......
In my previous post, I mostly denounced the significant Caucasian presence in prominent roles over Asian-created projects, but I also complemented how Hollywood’s creativity has inspired its own adaptations of said stories.
Sometimes we even do it with our clothes on (I don't know what that means, but it seemed funny.)
Nottingham Conference Centre is delighted to be exhibiting at the Academic Venue Show taking place at the Emirates Stadium, London on Wednesday 16 May 2012.
That summer was the most amazing of my life. Chips was a puppy and we were staying on a 300 acre wetland reserve doing research.
Anyway, even though it's technically a mistake( I make a LOT of those ), I hope you still
Last night we came up to the lake to spend Mother's day morning with my mother in law as we usually do (I can't believe hubby has the day off) and later in the day after lunch we will head down towards home and have dinner with my grandma and step-mom.
and another memory of a man on a gurney.
A few months went by and I was having a blast painting my furniture. But I got intimidated by all the talent out there and decided I wasn't ready to be a vendor. I was just going to go and shop the event, put a few faces to the names I'd met online.
I am so ready for this new chapter of my life; it’s scary and fun all at the same time. While I have enjoyed the time that I have spent at the gas station and even more so the friends that I have made that will last a life time (at least I hope). It’s time for me to move on to a new place and make new friends and serve people in a different way. Sure I will miss the people I worked with and the people who I was able to meet over the 2 years that I was there, it is time for this change and time to meet these new people. I am also getting ready to take on a heavier load at school something that I have complete confidence in my ability to do after this semester. I have learned a lot about myself in the last few months. If I take the time and apply myself then I can make good grades, heck even great grades, as this semester shows, I have pretty much only A’s. I also have learned that I love to learn, and I feel like it is something that makes the day better and I love to share the things that I have learned with other people. I have made some choices about things I want to do with my life and I have become a stronger person. I am ready for this new time in my life and I am ready to show the world just what this girl is made of.
I am borrowing someone's aircard to get online. Connection is slow and it is expense, so I will be brief. Thanks for the prayers. We arrived in Wiang Pa Pao, home of Grace Place, Thailand, yesterday early afternoon. The children were waiting for us. As I type this, I can hear them outside playing and having a great time with our team. It is a bit past 8am here and the team is just finishing serving them pancakes. Contrary to the Cambodia kids, who kept coming back for more until there was no more left, the kids here weren't too crazy about the pancakes.But they did enjoy it and had a great time.
Bee Gees singer Robin Gibb has woken from a coma after more than a week. Ah, ah, ah, ah stayin’ alive.
basilico
Orange and Banana
Beth. x
Add coconut and whip for 30 seconds on medium high.
Interestingly, I had less breakage once the thread cones were down to about 1/2. I had a similar problem with a different brands large cones which makes me suspect it has to do with the vertical spool position where so many of the machines now have a horizontal feed.
Whether that is caused by the drug itself or poor household conditions is what the researcher wants to find out.
While the sacrifice was being burned, the priests recited a prayer, and all present joined in with them. Jonathan led and the rest responded with Nehemiah.
Little details fade, and become distant
“I was at Barnes and Noble last night and I found these for you. Keep them. If you read at least half of these books, you can graduate. There are a lot of different genres in this bag and you’re bound to like one of them.”
And none has uttered the extremist views spewed by Islam throughout the years, without apology.- - - - - - - - - - -
Patterned Paper: Tinsel & Twig by Girls’ Paperie
-Reed asked me the other day why his “sheeps” weren’t on the bed.
“Another issue was the recent kidnappings in the north; we were clear with our position as a group during a teleconference with reporters but we were shocked the next day when newspaper headlines added a lot of things which I never said during that interview.”
Today I wanted to share my thoughts on why I use Project Life.
I remember the event like it was yesterday, when in reality, it must have been about 15 years ago. We had just moved into our new house and I was sprucing up the yard with a few plants I bought at the local nursery. This ivy was call Hedera helix, or English Ivy, and it was just three tiny plants. The first year, it lulled me into a false sense of security. It did it’s job very well, spreading slightly to cover a bare patch between the Driveway Sideway garden and the sloping garden I have yet to name. But like all things that are left to fend for themselves, I lost track of where it was going and what it was doing.
R. And with thy spirit.
Up and coming unsigned artists need support, so if you like what you hear then help a guy out! :
Anyhooow, I decided to go on a hunt in an attempt to find an idea first, but also to help you out in your own hunt. (You’ll thank me later) I made a selection of various items from various places so you can browse as well in multiple places.
1 Scuttle Buttin' 1:52
Benjamin tried to pull away. “Julien, let me go. You have no idea. You have no idea what they’re like.”
I think I want to start a new series which will follow on to my new website.
I stitched the next one for my friends Catherine and Rebecca who celebrated their civil partnership last year. I really enjoyed the blackwork and the beading (which you can't see very clearly on this photo!) and I love the colours. This one took a lot longer than anticipated... and I was stitching like a mad thing the week before the wedding to finish it!!!
Some non-governmental organizations have raised alarms over the massive land grabs across the continent, but some governments have defended these land deals, claiming that they provide much needed foreign direct investments (FDI). According to one Ethiopian official, “it’s not land grabbing, they are just looking to generate foreign currency to support their county’s development efforts. It is better than begging,” he added. This sentiment is widespread across the continent as governments neglect the needs of their people for the sake of attracting foreign investments, often with serious implications for small-scale subsistent farmers.
wrapped in fresh Eucalpytus leaves & ribbon
Frankie Rose: Interstellar
We routinely swap out the cushions on the far ends with the middle cushion to keep them from getting too flat.
Me: That's easy - the minivan.
Okay, I am totally digressing. I think I need to get more sleep. And have school start again. Yes, that would be nice.
Beth Phoenix tried to attack Kelly, but the beautiful diva nailed Beth and ran out of the ring.
This essay describes the crises of womanhood in the context of Little Women, while confronting their seeming contradictions, and seeking to show that there does not always have to be an either/or solution. Some women were able to find a good balance between their own identity and family life; others found them incompatible. The later sought an escape route on the road to personal fulfillment, much like the character of Jo in Little Women; while the former found a merging of the two roads, like the personality of Marmee. Little Women helps us to see the patience and faithfulness of these women, but also shows us their steadfast determination when they feel they have something to say or contribute to their world.
As ever have fun Love Love.
Gunfire erupted from above and behind him as Xu Guan wove back and forth first left, then right. The bullets struck nearby but Xu Guan’s evasive moves made him difficult to track. Xu Guan focused on a gap in the shrubbery trying to make his side-to-side movements random while ensuring that he would ultimately end up at the gap.
When I first arrived in Bangladesh, Shah was head of Grameen Bank’s audio-visual unit, and later became the longest-serving zonal manager in the bank’s history. (A zonal manager is the most senior field-based position in Grameen Bank’s structure.) Some years after that, he served as a senior technical consultant for Grameen Foundation in the Dominican Republic, where he did a great job and picked up some Spanish (which he has continued to perfect in his new role).
Which of us two was masochist
We start today with three of the lovely ladies who recently graced the stage in Spring Awakening: Lauren, Francesca, and Meg.
Conservatives who do see extensions of government activity as justified, however, can offer very little PHILOSOPHICAL distinctiveness between themselves and Leftists. The devil, as always, is in the details. So George Bush is a good exemplar of the important fact that conservatives seek a balance rather than adopting extreme ideological positions. That said, however, it is clear that the balance he arrived at is a rather extreme position on the broad spectrum of conservative thinking. He moved as far to the political centre as he could without sacrificing basic conservative values. So at this point we need to look briefly at how Bush actually described his thinking. Two brief quotes:
Slight sweetness on the nose, and again on the palate with a hint of harshness near the end.
CON: 3d6+6 (20-21)
This particular mystery involves a case of a funeral home that was shipping more than just dead bodies out of the state of Florida, and to help him out, Archy brings on an investigating partner, his friend Binky Watrous. I think Binky Watrous, and even Archy himself, have shades of Bertie Wooster to them (these books seem to owe a great deal to P.G. Wodehouse).
Dress, shirt: Promod
Kunt has sacked me
The writing style is simple with very few words which make us reach for the dictionary. That makes this cute, dimpled author so famous, especially among the girls, who are self acclaimed die-hard fans of him.
If you look at self-published ebooks, many authors simply take their cover image, select a font, a color, and a size, and write the title across the picture. In many cases, this looks perfectly fine, but if you don't have high contrast between the text and background color it's easy for it to disappear in the thumbnail.
Thought so.
I used my favorite MS punch and used some vintage material that came in my first SOE kit!
So, further proof of just how delicious and enticing well made modern wine can be and how classic styles are constantly evolving and reinventing themselves in line with modern concepts and technical possibilities.
Just ask any medieval monk.
Two years ago one day
“Hi, Ginger. My name’s Twiggy.”
ISIKOFF: An NBC News review shows that, since August, Zimmerman called police seven times, five times reporting his suspicions about young men in the area. But he never mentioned the men's race without first being asked.
Beautiful young people are accidents of nature,
so we got it on on the table, shoved the pole through the spool and we lifted it up alright, but when it came to getting it in the slots, we were both about 2cm too short, and we couldn't do it!
Insofar as one can establish responsibility from Breth’s production, it seems likely that the idea was hers. She certainly seems to have no interest in Berg’s structures, substituting for them a tedious play of actors and mimed actions. The setting appears to be a cross between a production of a Beckett parody and a 1980s pop video, a grim warehouse with a crashed car and a great deal of scaffolding. (The latter actually provides a degree of relief; I found myself able to imagine in its structures some Bauhaus-like counterpoint to the constructivism, if not the Romanticism, of Berg’s score.) A great deal goes on, but relatively little seems to have anything to do with the opera itself, nor indeed with the ‘characters’ who sing in this production. Instead of a film of Lulu’s trial – why are directors, often so besotted with film, so reluctant to respect this necessary or at least advisable visual counterpoint to Berg’s palindrome? – we simply gaze upon a couple of filmed eyes, maybe Lulu’s, maybe not, whilst someone tips a woman out of a wheelbarrow, puts her back in again, and wheels her off. The sub-Beckett atmosphere is of questionable relevance to Berg, but I could discern no attempt even to make it fit. There is, of course, no change of scenery, despite the clear dramatic necessity to shift from one milieu to another. At the end, there is a minor conflagration, permitting more colour than has otherwise been permitted all evening. Just as with Christof Loy’s dreadful, indeed well-nigh unbearable, ‘minimalist’ production for Covent Garden, I cannot imagine that anyone not already well versed in the opera would have the faintest idea what was going on, or who anybody might be, let alone why one might care. If the idea were to excise supposed misogyny and perhaps other uncomfortably drawn characters – why, incidentally or perhaps not incidentally, is it so difficult to distinguish between attitudes voiced by characters and those voiced by creators? – then all that was achieved was to neuter, indeed almost to obliterate, the drama.
Rookie Anthology provides updated Rookie Cards from Panini America’s 2011-12 NHL roster of products (including new Crown Royale Rookie Silhouettes and Limited Phenoms) featuring players who either hadn’t skated at the time of the original product’s release or who were pulled at the time to avoid being redemptions.
Thursday I finally made it to work. Friday was somewhat better. Then my husband went out of town this weekend. I am really looking forward to things calming the HELL down over here.
Keep your citronella candles lit (zombies and mosquitoes hate citronella)!
6. Cover with a piece of foil (tent the foil so you don’t loose any of that cheese!). Bake for 20 minutes. Remove the foil and bake for another 10 minutes.
from every single window a/c unit
Now that I have a method of commanding my Hamster, the question is - what to say to it? It is a Chinese hamster, so it might not speak good English...
And it makes him ill.
In a mixing bowl, combine the powdered sugar, star anise, cardamom, and salt. Grate in the nutmeg and lemon zest, and whisk everything together.
So go forth, and Get It Done!
I worked hard and the night before the exam, I decided to prepare a healthy and delicious dinner. I bought fresh scallops, grilled them, and immediately got food poisoning. I spent the whole night on the floor of the bathroom.
The story on my side bar is from the Aunt (age 15) of the baby that will be received into heaven upon her birth. Elise (click to read the Aunt's story of her niece)
And so, I broke out the stack of MME papers (Best of Damask) and the Kindly Cards PDF file that I downloaded some time ago from Amy Butler Designs (under free patterns category) and started creating. And in that very short afternoon, I created 4 cards! I haven't been this productive in a very long time! I'm going to share 2 of it here :)
Brooklyn Pennant Ale '55
So, I will start a new blog just for my bodybuilding photoescapades. I should have it up in a few days. I will be at Nationals in May, which is where amateurs get their pro-cards. Also, two bodybuilding shows in June. Nationals ought to be interesting because I’m rooming with a friend who will be in the show, and I will be able to capture more off stage activities.
Post 136 of 180
Finally, someone did pick up. Neil had left his phone in his house before going to the airport, the woman said. Was there any way I could contact him? I asked. No, there isn't, she said.
We are facing some challenges right now. Both C and myself have some exams to do that are not particularly pleasant, but we must do them. So please say a little prayer for us, that our exams come out nice and clean.
Session 1, on Friday evening, will focus on Here and Now. Each presenter will offer a different look into a facet of our current reality.
- NOSTRADAMUS AND INSTANT NOODLES, by John Larkin -- this book is good enough that I read it like five years ago and still remember it in detail.
On Monday when she arrived there was still a ton of snow everywhere, but thanks to a few 80 degree days this week (yes, you read that right), we have almost none. So, we went out to Lake Superior on Saturday to take a few pictures. There are only a few signs there that it is still supposed to be winter, like the little bit of ice that is left on shore. And I am not complaining!
As you may remember, my official New Year's Resolutions were to eat more dip, wear more sweatpants, and go to Target more. I'm happy to report that since January first, I've eaten several dips ( french onion dip, bean dip, taco dip, hummus, and spinach artichoke dip) and got 2 new pairs of sweats. I haven't been to Target at all yet this year, but as my good friend Meatloaf ( who obviously knows a thing or two about dip and sweatpants) says, "Two out of three ain't bad."
Cut the white part of the leeks into coin-shaped slices, and sauté in butter with minced onion and crushed garlic until browned. Add 4 cups of water, nutmeg (I think I use about 1 tsp.) and ground pepper to taste, and add the peeled and sliced potatoes. Lower heat, stir occasionally, and cook covered until the potatoes are soft and starting to fall apart. (I never actually timed this, but I’m guessing it takes about ½ hour). Uncover, add one cup of milk and leave on low heat just until the milk heats through, stirring frequently. It doesn’t need to boil, and don’t let it burn on the bottom! Serve immediately. We always eat it with cornbread, but any kind of bread or rolls go well with it. Enjoy!
I am an earthquake
Known For: Selling her soul to the devil, incessant rants
My wife wrote in her e-mail that she has been home every night trying to find ways to fix her life. She said after months of being alone, she still has no answers. Does she expect me to believe this?
So if an attractive Russian booty spy or one of Russia’s Western contract employees should offer you some easy sex, and you decide to take it, heed my warning. Stay sober, don’t let them near anything that you intend to drink, only discuss sex, and remember that your activity is being video recorded.
If a teacher for instance was implicated in an allegation of sexual assault against a pupil, that teacher would be temporarily removed from his post pending the outcome to the police investigation. He would be reinstated if and only if the allegations were found to be either untrue or could not be sufficiently proved.
This is the small fishing town (pop. less than 25,000) of Nerja. It is very picturesque, & even though it has become a tourist destination, it hasn't succumbed to the concrete & high-rise buildings that has blighted many of the other Costa del Sol towns & cities. I would loved to have eaten in this lovely little restaurant, but they were not open.
*Not least in this recession, bigCo,smallCo and inventors are having an easier time to motivate divestiture of patents and are also in greater need of liquidity.
With in hours I got back tweets, e-mails, and a long phone call that was one of the best phone calls ever. All of the pieces are in place for the next season of the podcast.
Thy hair soft-lifted by the winnowing wind;
Thanks Mark! This certainly sounds interesting, and no I'm not being evasive at all.
To the left of the keyhole is a piece of hand dyed lace and a string of pearls. The original set of pearls was too large so I removed the clasp and added my own gold pearls and sewed it all down!
this is just the intro video. this week's theme is 'Beauty' and 'Dreams' so we have to be creative at interpreting these two words!
First impressions was....I feel like I'm staying at a 10 star resort (even better than 5 star, the service was so supreme).
Meet John Doe ... TCM ... 10:15 AM
We cleaned up and the family got ready to leave. As we cleaned, the doorbell rang. Two dear ladies from church stood on my doorstep. They were carrying bags. Bags of groceries.
We need a person who understand and can support the development of business strategies for drug projects in smaller companies, including the optimisation of opportunities for gaining maximum exclusivity of future products: this means the lifetime of patents by SPC, data exclusivity etc. Bearing this in mind, it is likely that the person appointed preferably would have experience from a commercial company".Any interested candidate should forward his or her CV to me here with the subject line "Consultancy SPC" and it will be forwarded in confidence.
MJF 04-29-02 “108″
Almost every parent of a special needs child does this. What we also count on is for our friends...like you...to help us reach others. By supporting our efforts and passing on our endeavors you can help make a difference too.
How do I know that? How can I be sure of that? We are told clearly that as long as the Christians are on this earth those terrible things cannot happen (2 Thessalonians 2:7.) But after the Christians are “taken away” then all “hell will break loose on this earth.” Where will you be? Where will I be? If you have believed (trusted) Jesus Christ as your Saviour, then your hope is the same as mine. 1 Thessalonians 4:16-18 tells us:
Make a tea from peppermint leaves to soothe nausea and vomiting. Peppermint is also soothing to the spirit and helps migraine sufferers relax. Chew a fresh peppermint leaf for relief from pain and nausea.
Guy Fawkes for those who are not familiar with english history was a male catholic in 16 century England and catholics at that time were being persecuted. He and a group of other catholics decided to blow up the house of parliament. It was the image of this historical figure that alan Moore and David Lloyd depicted as V in the comic books.
No, seriously, have you ever tried this stuff? It's freakin' AMAZING. I bought some to make a recipe a couple of weeks ago, and have to admit, I will have a hard time eating just "regular" mozzarella anymore. There are tons of different things you can make/do with fresh mozzarella. Salads, sandwiches, pizza, lasagna, etc. SO SO good.
During the beginning of my trip, I ate only local fare; however, since it’s hard to consume the array of veggies that I’m used to in local joints and on the street, I’ve since sought out more expensive food prepared by westerners and Nicaraguans alike.
"How long does it take to shoot all fifteen bullets? Four seconds?" I asked.
by Charlotte Bronte
(D1 x V1) + (D2 x V2)/Vtotal*
Apples & Chocolate. Go bake!
Dr. and Mrs. Allen E. Puckett
Hawk, wolf, puma and bear (5)
In a rerun of the Kenyan situation - in which regional leaders striving for compromise imposed a solution on Kenya that is a hydra-headed monster, barely capable of walking, let alone running the country - the SADC states have taken the easy route.
Until the feast appeared, and Shacklebolt
"By 2025, we see battery electric vehicles still with too long a payback, and inadequate range," said Joseph Bakaj, vice president for powertrain engineering at Ford Motor Co.
The NYX powder blushes are available in 24 different shades and delivers sheer, silky color that glides on, blends beautifully and creates a natural glow.
the one being sought
First, is this Ike Davis Allen and Ginter relic. I've mentioned before that the Allen and Ginter relics are my favorite, and I went into the card shop hoping they would have this one for cheap and they did!
Writing as a combat discipline
Specifically, city engineers "will begin by identifying suitable rock caverns to house 400 government facilities that can be relocated, notably the not-in-my-backyard utilities disliked by nearby residents." These include "sewage treatment plants, fuel storage depots, refuse transfer stations and columbariums." The University of Hong Kong, for instance, recently "hid a saltwater reservoir in an artificial cavern next to its Centenary Campus, in a project that cost HK$500 million"; these are referred to as "water caverns."
looking up
James 1:3
It turned out that there was just a small side building with stuff plus they had lots of things just leaning against fences outside.
Makes 8 (1/2 cup) servings
I pick 5 areas that I want to learn more about. Anything on the face of the earth that I am interested in. I limit it to 5 so that I can really focus on learning something and not just gaining information about everything under the sun. I wouldn’t really retain much if I didn’t have a purpose and goal in my reading and research!
Come, Lord Jesus–come quickly for your Bride. She waits as a woman who feels as if her lover has left her at the altar, sometimes. She acts as if He’ll never get here. But, “though there be those that hate her and false sons in her pale, against a foe or traitor she ever shall prevail.” Thank you for that promise, given in Scripture, that the Church can sing to remind herself.
Piercing: Good Lucky Clover- *FG*
3.) (26 Dec. 2006) “Are there photographs? We know there were before photographs and after photographs. There’s a chance there are during photographs.”
The most a Muslim jurist can do is determine where the circumstances of the case fit within the corpus of authoritative Islamic law. This is obviously what Mr. Ramadan means when he refers to “context”: all facts pertaining to the case must be examined to determine how the shari’ah applies to them. No consideration of mercy or “moderation” is implied; that is a reading projected onto Islam by Westerners employing their own internal models of reason and justice. His is simply an admonition to observe the law in all its detailed exactitude.
I loved you so. I kiss your memory
4) The idea of a girl coming from nothing and having an amazing opportunity presented to her that promises to change her life is not uncommon. But SHADOW AND BONE puts a new twist on this idea, and even when the main character, Alina, is given everything she could imagine, she still has to figure out who she truly is on the inside. I loved watching her struggle with what she wanted versus what she knew her responsibilities were.
According to standard counter-insurgency doctrine (which seems to derive substantially from British military experience around the world), there should be one soldier or policeman on the ground for every fifty people in the population throughout which the insurgency is taking place. The population of Northern Ireland during the Troubles was about 1.5 million, a number which necessitated 30,000 troops and/or police. At the height of the violence in the early 1970s, 21,000 soldiers of the regular army were deployed in Northern Ireland. They were supplemented by the RUC, which had 8,500 members at its peak and a reserve of 4,500, and the UDR, whose strength grew from about 1,600 in 1970 to 6,000 (3,000 part-time and 3,000 full-time) in 1990. Taken together, these three forces satisfied the 1-to-50 troop-to-population ratio that counter-insurgency doctrine apparently calls for in pacifying an area, during the height of the violence in the early 1970s.
Sorry for the crazed review about an online store, but as someone who enjoys sewing with knits but can never find any I like, I thought I'd share the tidbit with any Renfrew fans out there.
The company announced its Q1FY11 results today, and has posted a revenue of Rs.6,198 crores i.e. a growth of 4.3% on sequential basis and 13.3% on YoY basis. An improvement in the business environment especially in North America and Rest of the world, strong traction in the BFSI, retail verticals aided a volume growth of 7.6% sequentially adding to the overall revenue performance. However, profitability margins remained subdued as the effect of wage hikes, currency fluctuations downplayed on the operating margins.
TonyBlairOffice shows that he does more than that, there's the "Africa Governance Initiative", the "Tony Blair Sports Foundation" (for NE England), "Breaking the Climate Deadlock" and also "Office of the Quartet Representative".
Yeah. Let that terror sink into you. A full month of me neglecting the blog like… uh, I have been doing so far. Dang it. Ok.
I have to admit that being pretty sure this is my last pregnancy it does make me want to enjoy it and not be in such a hurry for it to be over. When he's moving around inside me, I find myself just putting my hand there and savoring the moments. He is such a miracle and already loved so much!
I didn’t play Pooh Sticks and I didn’t have tea because those are the sorts of things that you have to do with friends and I didn’t have any at the time. I walked around and saw Pooh’s thoughtful spot and bought $50 pounds worth of souvenirs. ”Bringing presents for the kids back home?” The woman at the register asked, in the pleasant way that English people do. ”….Yes.” I lied. She didn’t need to know the Winnie the Pooh memorabilia was all for me. When I’d done as much meandering as I could do, I slipped into the pub next to the bus stop and ordered a cup of coffee. My coffee and I occupied a spot by the window, at a table for two. Drinking my coffee, I was reminded of one of my favorite Winnie the Pooh quotes, “Sometimes, if you stand on the bottom rail of a bridge and lean over to watch the river slipping slowly away beneath you, you will suddenly know everything there is to be known.” There was neither a bridge nor a river nearby, but I felt wiser from the experience, and even though I had to go to the place that celebrates friendship like no other story has, by myself, I was glad I went. Although, as Pooh says, things are more friendlier with two, at that moment, I was purely satisfied just being one.
Beautique Lip Liner in Natural
I would always just stand on the players side and perform trick shots for hours from five to ten feet back where the player would usually stand, just to try and increase the difficulty, I still made at least 80% of my shots. It was a good run though, sometimes I told the players that if they could match one of my shots (out of 5) that I would them double the prizes of the shots that I got in. All the prize was were some goldfish, no one just wants one. If they could match three then I would throw in a little tank for free. No one ever got the tank, and I don't think many got the extra fish either, it still had them paying though.
30Dawn said...
Imagine monitoring your Baltimore home’s power output while on a business trip to Austin, TX, with the ability to shut off energy-sucking outlets at the click of a button. Now that is control that’ll save you money.
The stars are just a series of stitches across each other...make an X then make an X on top of the first X, etc.
Thank you Craigslist!
Okay, onto the clothes. Colored denim is out of the box for me. I mean WAY out of the box. I just love simplicity and clean lines. Colored denim throws all of that out of the window. I kind of love it though!
Make sure to use cooking spray!
with the ghosts of those
I’m contemplating whether or not to give Walmart any more of my money than they’ve already ripped me off! As I’m contemplating this I notice that I can buy a new printer that comes with 2 ink cartridges for LESS than I can buy just 2 cartridges for my existing printer! 49 bucks for a new printer….. well should I!? Nah! Screw Walmart. I stormed out of Walmart and went home, put my non returnable cartridge for sale on amazon and bought 2 new ones off of amazon for 22 bucks including shipping! Is there something wrong with that picture! Ah… YES YES there is! BLOWS MY MIND!!! How bout you!?
Bump Baily - New York Knights
Most novice writers have heard the advice: “Make your characters suffer!” Aside from nudging us to give in to our most sadistic impulses, the advice seems a bit exaggerated. Should we, twisting the meaning of Stephen King’s injunction, “Kill our darlings?” What rationale deems it necessary?
However, when you see the tosh being written by Graham Brady - encapsulating the very essence of europlasticism, it is clear that The Boy has got very little to worry about.
What is important to bear in mind is that the most valuable resources are the ones already on the ground. Our organization, for example, already had stockpiles of emergency supplies based in different warehouses around the country that could be immediately mobilized, irregardless of airport snaffus. Likewise, over 350 in-country staff to call on to assist without needing to fly them in, many of them already trained and experienced in disaster response. Many other agencies are in a similar position.
Have you ever seen anything so pitiful? Poor Harry. Because practice time is normally when I'd be on the couch reading or writing or working on my computer, and Harry takes that opportunity to stomp all over me and try to fit on my lap with the computer and butter me up with all the hairy love he can muster.
Life marches on
thanks for leaving all the wonderful comments!
Enjoy! ~Marilyn, TFF
But I would search out what I could, often spending my limited early teenage income on whatever records looked cool. Not a great formula for finding killer music, but in one notable case it provided more than a little blowing of the ol' mind. It was such a small thing, something that would've been so easy to overlook, a split 7” with a flimsy green cover with some photos of dudes playing and destroying instruments on one side and some shit on the other that looked like it could've come from some high school stoner's art project. And it was a dollar. So I took my chances.
And then there has been social networking, from blogging to Facebook and Twitter and the introduction of Google +. It’s too much, and that doesn’t even bring Tumblr, Flickr, Reddit, LinkedIn and all the rest into consideration. Frankly, I don’t see why we can’t just have a single GooTwitFace platform and be done with it. The bottom line of it all, however, shrieks “Be Circumspect”. Database management is the deathknell of privacy. Changes to Facebook, particularly issues surrounding privacy and the introduction of Timeline, make your life an open book from the moment you joined. Every idiotic status update you ever posted, every whining or ascerbic comment you ever made is there for all your friends (and the world) to see. Facebook, lest you ever believed otherwise, keeps everything. Take heed.
Cascade Brewing at the Raccoon Lodge Portland Razberry Wheat Fruit Beer
The Eight Year Old
Beep.
but it's been way too long!
On to the informative portion of the email though. For those interested, I can fill you in on more of the details of this workshop if you contact me. But the pics tell the wonderful story of some of the things they do to live off the land, and allow the land to provide for you in many ways!
Abby opened the kitchen door and stepped inside the noisy room. Best to inform her mother and Barbara first, and proceed from there: thank goodness the two of them stood together at the stove, pulling large covered casseroles from the oven to hand over to their friends. “Mama! Barbara!” she spoke above the chatter. “The bishop’s made a decision!”
The children in this story are only less than human by treatment. Humans deserve comfort when they are upset especially from their own parents, and these children (humans) did not get that.
2:30-4:15: C naps, I unpack bag, do dishes, do a load of his laundry, read
i just have no interest in being on the internet right now.
Next was Jules, finding time to bring along this cracker of a card. If you haven't already been over to sigh over it, do go now. I love the stamp that Jules used and of course it's just perfectly composed and made, as always. The heart is easy to find as well :) It's good to see you Jules, this playground is growing and it's all down to you for starting it off in the first place. It's great that business is doing well for you - which reminds me I have some wedding invites to get on with ASAP!
We are planning to go back to Haiti. If we could leave tomorrow as a family (with adoptions legalized and done), we would. But we have a circus full of bureaucratic hoops to jump through and processes to tread. It takes time. We moved to Kansas because we have family here and we were quoted a shorter time to process legal adoption paperwork in this state. My brother and his family opened their home to us, and for the time being we are calling Kansas home. Whether that is for the next month or more, we can't be sure.
When we came home, one moldy pear got a one-way ticket to our compost pile. The other three were pretty mushy–too soft to pack in a lunchbox, or slice for a snack, or bake into a pie–but not quite rotten yet.
Miscellaneous Store Retailers
We met with the Neurosurgeon this past week. Upon reviewing the MRIs, including the most recent taken on the 30th. He said that the swelling and fluid on the brain had gone down and looks stable. When he told the neurologist that he could operate, he was talking about taking out part of the tumor to help with the pressure in the brain caused by the fluid. As he began explaining the risks of surgery (loss of vision, writing, reasoning, and several other losses), we both began to feel like risking surgery to debulk the tumor isn't worth the risks at this time (especially since his system is still recovering from the events in September). The surgeon said that he is always there if and when we are ready for that option.
So I would like to offer you some basic ways to start to understand your mis-belief, if this is an avenue that intrigues you. The reason I like it, is mainly because we can ALWAYS change a belief that we hold, so it is never too late to start, and there is no such thing as “wrong way”. This is comforting, because sometimes it feels like lots of things are “wrong”. I like the idea that it’s not “wrong”, it’s “dissonance”. I seek harmony, and a rich voice.
“The Federal Reserve Bank is nothing but a banking fraud and an unlawful crime against civilization. Why? Because they “create” the money made out of nothing, and our Uncle Sap Government issues their “Federal Reserve Notes” and stamps our Government approval with NO obligation whatever from these Federal Reserve Banks, Individual Banks or National Banks, etc.” – H.L. Birum, Sr., American Mercury, August 1957, p. 43
Celine and Louis Vuitton were the two most exciting shows this past season.
And these are just the major female characters we’ve thusfar seen on the show. There are a dozen more on it already in smaller roles, and about twice that in the books (just wait until they bring on the Queen of Thorns and the Sand Snakes. Oh, my.)
Love is not the right word-
One thing I am learning, however, is that there are things more important than 'things' and that sometimes the intangible is more to be desired than the touchable.
The Sunrise the Colour from the leaves.
You've touched my life in more ways you know
I remember drawing so many of these when I was younger. I’m definitely not the best artist or whatever. But then I was happy to draw. Explore all options, you’ll then be sure to find your strengths and weaknesses.
I am ready to get our move cross country completed and share with you our new home in Virginia and to complete a few half done projects and share them with you. I have a few great projects lined up for September.
I finally got her to bed, and the next morning she didn’t remember asking to call her parents, but she did say that she was glad that I didn’t let her make that call.
So here it is - brain malfunction and all (slow morning here).
For a book about an orphan, I’m still a little floored at how it managed to encompass everything that fascinates me about this period. There’s a kind of steampunk flair to the Pinkerton agency that had my imagination running overtime, but it wasn’t just the gleaming steel of the pneumatic subway that had my eyes glued to the page. Petrucha’s world encapsulates two things that I’ve long been fascinated by: the Pinkertons and Jack the Ripper. Although I knew they existed in the same time, I had never before tied them together into the same place and the result is a highly suspenseful piece of mystery, filled with death, hope, admiration, and stick-to-itiveness. I kind of love that Petrucha places it in the grit and realism of New York City just before the turn of the century, but more than that, I love that he centers it in the world of youth fiction. By placing his central character in a very unique situation, he gives him an interesting place to stand in the story. For a good deal of the story, it feels as if he’s running over slick mud, that his feet will fall out from under him at any moment, which in no small part adds to the tension of the story. The one thing that adds the most urgency to the story, however, is his youth. Of course the killer will strike again tonight, everything is of immediate importance to a 14 year old. The alarming thing is how often his instincts are correct.
For only one time,
Ana is promised to Jasper, but she disappears. I'm wondering if this will become some kind of chase where Ana will have to skirt around the Community and look for Jasper. I love those type of books where the protag is looking for someone, chasing someone. There's that mystery that I love and then the unknown of it all. It's something I'm definitely in to. Plus, I want to know more about this other society that has kidnapped Jasper. Is it a secret society? Is it underground? What does it have to do with the Community?
On the other hand, because it was a page-turner that sucked me in, I read one scary book, The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo, until far into the night, because even though the subject matter wasn't something I want to think about at night, I just couldn't put the book down. So there are definitely those books that transcend day and night, because you just keep reading them, through night and day and night again.
But it is a little unusual to have two films come to San Francisco festivals with related themes that have chosen similar titles - Salaam Rugby (Framaz Beheshti, 2010, New Zealand) which came to the San Francisco Iranian Film Festival last year and Salaam Dunk (David Fine, 2011, USA) which comes to Yerba Buena Center for the Arts on March 1st as part of the Human Rights Film Festival. Although "Salaam" is the word for "Peace" in Arabic, it also means 'greeting'. These films work off both those bits of salaam-ness. Sports are often a place for us to find peace from the everyday world thanks to the fully immersive Csíkszentmihályian flow that such pursuits involve. Both films also investigate the introduction of a women's sport to these primarily Muslim countries, Iran and Iraq respectively. Furthermore, 'Salaam' can be purposely bent in its pronunciation to sound like an accentuated phonetic variation on the word 'slam', as if both syllables are dipthong-ed - Saaaaa-laaaaaam!. This phonetic play works for both titles since rugby players slam into each other and b-ballers, well, slam dunk. Outside of salaam, both films highlight the positive benefits sports can bring - fitness, teamwork, regimented schedules, and a forum to display individual excellence.
What it meant most of all, though, was pretending. University entrance criteria would be ratcheted down so as to make it easier for black students from lousy schools to gain entry but the pretence was that standards has been maintained.
When it comes to what we eat, awareness is key. If you want to change the way your body looks, you need to be aware (and accountable) for every bite and sip you take. While I don’t believe in constant food monitoring, I do believe that tracking your food for 3-7 days every couple of months is a good way to keep mindful of whether or not you are meeting your nutritional needs, and eating in a way that will fuel your body. Remember that you are what you eat, so take the time to feed your body healthy foods now, and you won’t have to take the time later to deal with health issues. Below are a few resources to help you track your meals:
5.) Stress Relief Stress can come from your home life… work… school… and relationships.
I was knees-to-the-tile hurling my guts out last night after we got back from Wurstfest. Yes, WF did me in again, but not in the usual way. Though I drank some beer early on, I stopped early so that I would be the sober one to drive home this year, damn it.
Q. Twitter names of members?
I stalked the crap out of this kid to memorize his face since I’d never seen him before and enlisted the help of a few other people, requesting that they text me if they saw him on campus anywhere. But I happened to run into this kid as I was heading into a building on campus to print off a few resumes for a job fair. I was dressed in a pencil skirt, a nice blouse, tights and heels when I stopped dead in my tracks, there he was. I stared at him for a solid five seconds.
Schleigh sweeps the secondary skills when compared to Barnes. He had rebounding rates of 6.8% on offense and 21.0% on defense against Barnes’ 4.9% and 14.8% marks, and he did it while only fouling on 3.3% of team possessions while Barnes earned a whistle 4.9% of the time. Though both players are 6-6 forwards, Schleigh tallied assists over twice as often as Barnes (17.7% to 8.4%) and turned the ball over less often (15.3% to 18.1%). Defensively, Schleigh boasted 3.0% marks in both block and steal rates, against Barnes’ rates of 2.0% and 1.3%, respectively.
To get you jazzed up about our new release we have some free stamps to offer! WHOOHOO right! :)
The Rangers carried play now, and managed to draw a hooking penalty by Filip Kuba. They wound up being unsuccessful on their second power play opportunity of the night. But with less than a minute left in the second period, Brian Boyle gave the Rangers what they were looking for. A lot of hard work to keep a play alive in the Sens zone paid off for Boyle, as he scored the first ever playoff goal of his career. The Rangers took a 3-0 lead into the second intermission.
My thoughts are pondering on the story of two sister who lived in Bethany and their brother lazarus.
The quake epicenter appears to be located in sparsely populated Chinese territory. It too deep to cause any tsunami, or major damage to the nearest major cities of Vladivostok, Russia, and Chongjin, North Korea. As of posting, there was no report of injuries as a result of this event.
Anxious- to see who this little person really is that we fell in love with in pictures and videos all these long months we have been waiting.
You can make it ahead; in fact, it is better made a day or two in advance. I would probably use a tarter variety of apple next time, but, honestly, my tasters were not complaining!
I thought of course about kennel cough and found out it is associated with dogs. So I dug a little further and found this article about cats and colds. Other articles I found by just Googling had a lot of things you could do if the symptoms were extreme or how to take care of them at home. I tend to keep it simple.
Finally add the cumin powder and switch off the pan and cover it with lid. Serve hot with rice or roti.
Director: Buster Keaton & John G. Blystone
Best TV Blogs
I’m talking about the other one at CJ.MY where citizen journalism is practiced and conveyed through words, visuals and audio coupled with the use of web apps (mostly Youtube) to disseminate news of interest. It is arguably the only nascent alternative to terrestrial TV that I can think of.
Devin Castle
Peach gummy candy (These are so good on their own, but I’m thinking about doing a Chopped challenge night where I have to incorporate them into a dessert. Too crazy?)
The second stage is that I will pick my 5 "favorite" nominated songs which will be announced in a second blog post. You will then have1 week, starting on 5/2/2010 and ending on 5/08/2010, to vote for your pick for Worst Sex Song Ever.
But why stop there?
Roland wrote:
The almost finished product! The bacon looks all crispy and delicious and has no doubt helped provide some extra flavour along with the fennel. Speaking of the fennel, it now has to be removed as the green leafy parts, although highly fragrant, are not edible.
1. We Wish You a Merry Christmas
If Senna’s car is out of your price range but you, like us, love Formula 1 with a passion, why not join us at the Silverstone Grand Prix to cheer on Jenson and Lewis with one of great hospitality packages, including breakfast, lunch and dinner, a free bar…
Councils must commit to maintaining weekly collections for five years, but there is no guarantee of funding thereafter, and this is a major stumbling block.
...some old signs, if I can find some great ones.
Deal Scenario #2: Buy (5) Irish Spring body wash $3 Use (5) $1/1 in 1/29 SS (exp 2/18) Final Price: $1 each
■Use some type of basket
Seeing the movie now, the graphics and effects are absolutely terrible. However, I still can’t look at clowns without wanting to cry.
Place Setting
Well, you're wrong, so wrong wrong wrong. Truth is I write dozens, hundreds, dozdreds even, that never get posted. "But how can that be?" I hear you ask, wonderingly.
So, the scriptures today remind us of the messenger, John the Baptist. People do not understand John. They see his message only in negative terms. They think it terrible that he was a “hell fire and damnation” preacher (though, I need hardly point out, that the real hell fire preacher in the Bible was the Lord Jesus Christ Himself. The Baptist was mild by comparison). When John the Baptist appears in movies, he often looks and acts like a wild man, and the wardrobe department replaces the Camel’s Hair garment he wore with something that seems to have come off of Fred Flintstone.
Next, I painted the wood borders grey and let them dry. I didn't want this investment to warp/bend so I wanted to put a border around the edges. I attached the border to the edges using liquid nails.
The reduced gap in favor of conservation is due mostly to Republicans’ changing preferences. Republicans currently prefer energy production by 63% to 29%. In 2002, Republicans said conservation should be emphasized over production, by 53% to 35%.
We stood on top of the cliffs and looked across the sandy area with the tide going out leaving vast expanses of sand and then some water.
This is by far my most anticipated movie of the summer. Maybe even of the year. Alien is one of my all time favorite movies and to see Ridley Scott head back to this world filled with the same thrills and environment of the first film, I am extremely excited. The trailers released for this movie got my heart racing because of the brilliant pacing and how intense the atmosphere is. I love the first Alien film because of how intense the film was by simply using this claustrophobic environment. It was a very affective horror film. The casting here is incredible and the effects are amazing. The marketing has also been brilliant releasing short footage explaining the world and the company in charge. I am very excited to see how this all plays out and cannot wait for this to come out. This film absolutely blows away Dark Knight and Avengers.
Not all asylum seekers have been deterred by the policy. Since it was announced in May, more than 400 have arrived, including 66 last Friday.
and diddy seriously had the time of his life. Last year we went, but he couldn't walk on his own and he was still so young. Still young this year, but oh goodness, his little personality and legs with speed made this trip unforgettable.
I have never felt this alive
In his final ministry of 1951-55, Churchill was surrounded by effette decadent people and set the tone of weakness and emasculated leadership we have had ever since. There were no records kept of numbers entering, apparently because the immigrants were, as Commonwealth citizens, British subjects, but I believe they could not face it and wanted it to go away. Though they kept records of emigrants to Canada, New Zealand and Australia.
Well that's me lately!
A. “I’m sorry to hear that it took so long, I hope it’s all fixed now.”
Also worrying is that the spam site was bookmarked by various Stumble upon visitors. And that the one person that made the Stumble upon review also “liked” similar sites, like Online Classes and Learn Gasms. So probably a whole team takes care that the site is socially bookmarked. When several people “like” a site others may be attracted to the site as well. That is the principle of social bookmarking sites. And you and I do the rest….
They start talking and he talks about a place, telling her to go with him someday-it’s very beautiful there. That brings her to a pause but then she smiles and gets back to work. He even tells her when they can go and then wistfully, staring into the pan says, “If we could be like this every day, it would be great.” He doesn’t see Ga Young smile at that. And then the doorbell rings. Is it just or that is bound to be BAD news? He asks Ga Young to open the door and she agrees but then pauses. He tells her it can’t be his mother. She’s not even here at the moment. And who should it be but Anna and Young Gul. Jae Hyuk walks forward and invites them in. Jae Hyuk, why, oh why?
In his immoral rectitude’s avid,
The Daily Heartbreak
I do think this might just be two of my favorite "strangers". (Do I say this everytime? ) Last June as I was snapping away in this photography shop at le Marché des Enfants Rouge, the gentleman on the left, the owner, asked what exactly I was photographing. I explained my Paris rouge fetish and he seemed satisfied.
Yeah, I know better.
"Was that a Ducati I heard?"
Anyone else wired the same way?
So. Unless a class pops up out of nowhere, it looks like I'm mostly going to be on my own. The good news, at least, is that I've discovered that there is at least one shop in Troyes that sells materials for bookbinding - paper, cardboard, cloth and leather, etc. - everything except the actual tools (presses, clamps, paper shearer, bookbinding frame, etc.). For now, I'm trying to figure out the exact minimum I can start with and good book for a guide and see where I end up. I've even found plans for building my own bookbinding frame, so that's encouraging.
2nd Set
higher
09. Girl Poison
When he had gone out, his servants came and looked, and behold, the doors of the roof chamber were locked; and they said, "He is only relieving himself in the cool room."
Social Security is slated to run out of money in 2033, three years earlier than expected. So maybe it's time for politicians to stop pandering when it comes to shoring up the system and instead rethink the retirement entitlement altogether. Maybe we just need to look back at our history. In the early 1900s, nearly 80 percent of Americans over the age of 65 had a job. Dora Costa, an economic historian at UCLA, says people stopped working only if they were no longer physically able to. They expected to work as long as they lived. Is that really such a terrible idea?
“Can we have a beer, please?” asks Mr Young innocently as one of them rushes past, no doubt on his way to prune the olive tree.
and his spawn, the heat
I mentioned the weed issue… well… through no real fault of anyone, and largely because last Summer was so insanely busy, the back corner of the yard (more like the back right QUARTER) became completely overgrown. Like… unpassable. So last Wednesday, I also managed to adhere to one of my resolutions, and did some house improvement work by tearing that shit down. It was hard, and it was hot, and I may have dulled the blades on the lawn mower, but I have to say I’m pretty pleased at the result.
The actors delight the audience with their splendid comic timing and acting. However, even with its predictability, the movie manages to hook you on to the couple’s love story and manages to amuse and entertain.
Heat Level: Sweet
1 Corinthians 13:4-8 (NIV)
*Bullous Ichthyosiform Erythroderma, in case you're wondering. (And no, she won't grow out of it. That's often the next question!)
Off to catch up on all of your wonderful blogs.
The amended law also grants some amnesties for previous deforestation.
Here is a very important observation. As a matter of fact, this observation is so vital to increasing your productivity and minimizing your Time trash, it deserves to have you write this down!
The final line of this quote was actually added to the website when I was reviewing their service, suggesting there may have been some confusion regarding whether the distribution was included. Clearly it is not. You get the same services as the Print Ready package, but with book design and interior and cover layout added. There is also the addition of author support and one round of proof corrections provided.
What makes your world more beautiful?
At the same time, I also wanted to develop Harry and Travis’s relationship -- the camaraderie and competition between them. They’re both trying to do what they think is best for the other and at the same time getting in each other’s way. Sibling relationships can be so complicated!
The hardest part about doing this was rolling out and cutting the chilled dough (with a drinking glass) before it got too warm and sticky to work with.
“Cathy advised her daughter to take a “block and delete” strategy against unwanted commenters, banishing them from her chat room when they posted vulgar statements like “I want to put my cock in your mouth.”"
This copy 133.33
This seems to me, to be proof that we haven’t learned much about retrovirus transmission in the past 50 plus years!
This is the roof of Mies’s Seagram building, looking south. The buildings projecting up are, from left to right, the GE building (560 Lex, 51st Street), the left tower of the Waldorf Astoria (50th St), Chrysler (42nd), the right tower of the Waldorf, the Lincoln Building (42nd), Empire State (34th) and 500 Fifth (42nd). Putting aside the way that the importance of the 42nd Street corridor is emphasized, there’s nothing else 50 stories or higher between 52nd and 42nd…a lack which has long sicne been remedied.
We already know, because the SFSFF told us, that WINGS, the 1927 Academy Award winning Best Picture will be the opening night film. WINGS has recently been restored to great ballyhoo (well deserved).
The next day, Maas appeared at the San Francisco Silent Film Festival, where she addressed a crowd of more than 1000, drew a thunderous round of applause, and signed copies of her book – which quickly sold out.
Mix wet ingredients first, then dry and finally add your raisins and chocolate chips.
Enter the picture by right-clicking the Copy Link Location into the second section, as before. The code will look like this:
Regular readers of my blog will know I do not seek prizes, honours or awards. If I fancy an award – I simply give it to myself. It is quite possible that I may be an Earl later in the day, only to change my mind and make myself a Duke. However….I am honored (sic) to discover that my Blawg Review #292 was recognised as Blawg Review of The Year for 2011. Thank you for that.
For the stain, I wanted to get as close to the natural color of the wood as possible. I went with Minwax Gel Stain in American Chestnut. It’s a nice neutral medium brown. I love Minwax gel stain - it's so easy to use. It took me less than an hour to stain the dresser.
T: word?
This release contains bourbon aged in Warehouse L and Warehouse K. As with all of the Single Oak Project releases, there are two bottles in the 12-bottle set in which warehouse is the only variable. That's potentially very interesting.
C.Lee McKenzie, Author of PRINCESS of Las PULGAS (YA, Fall 2010) & SLIDING on the EDGE (YA, 2009)
Doctrinally, this event is packed with information.
2 1/2 cups cake flour (not self-rising)
They spend so much time trying to impress a new prospect that they lose sight of the truth.
The hairy shoulders rend the links; free are the wrists of fire;
I’m going to go out on a limb and be riskily honest. When authors hand me business cards at conferences, I politely take them, glance down at them for the three seconds etiquette dictates, and then I never look at them again. I throw them out when I get home.
Below is my photo. Sometimes if you look at something too closely it becomes fuzzy, so take a step back for a new perspective; although sometimes the opposite can also apply.
When I preach, I usually have 2-3 objectives which I try to hit, as there would be 2 or 3 different types of audiences in the church. 1 objective is always salvation, that is a default. The others revolve around what the Lord has to share from there.
Here is a universal example of a church that is so terrified of change that it will never allow itself to grow. A growth terrified church always has this characteristic: only the ladies who have been working in the kitchen for 30 years are allowed to touch ANYTHING in the kitchen. If that is true in one’s church, my advice is to pack up and find a new place to worship because your church will not be around in 10 years. The terrorist church kitchen is a sign of approaching death.
I’m another week closer to the race and getting nervous. I ran four days for 30 mins in the past week, but it’s not quite enough. I need to ease myself into a long run once a week until I’m at about the 5-6 mile range (which they recommend despite the 12-mile race distance because the obstacles will break up the continuity), but I’m running out of time. There’s just two and a half months left and I’m still struggling find time for training 5 days a week. When I did train this week, it was strictly cardio; I haven’t strength trained all week. I’m more nervous about being in shape for the distance anyway. The worst case scenario is I have to bypass an obstacle because I lack the strength to complete it, but if I can’t keep up with my team during the running, it’s all a lost cause. And so I head into a new week of training…
- 1 nice ball gown
Oops, what's happening to me. I'm making something without any help from my Silhouette but, I could have. :-) If I wanted to make some of the flower embellishments with the Silhouette I would have had to use the Outdoor Mod Podge on them too. I was lazy today, so I grabbed some flowers and greenery I had laying around.
Thread your needle with green Perle cotton and do a running stitch around the rim of the cone shape. Leave needle and thread in place and set this aside so you can make the leafy top.
Dr. Poop made a Korean potato salad. It was really good.
sm*k*n
4. I went thrifting today and picked up a Maurice Sendak book and a pair of creamy Italian wedding shoes! Can't wait to show them to you.
As well, the members of the BAM! Youth Slam Team will give a special performance at the beginning of the show. The Team, comprised of Ambrosia, Mango, Jubilee and Simba, bring their considerable skills to the big stage. There is little doubt, especially if you witnessed Ambrosia’s second place finish at The Joint Effort Sunday night, that their set is a huge reason for you to show up on time for the show.
As always.... HAPPY BLOGGING!
Arrowhead Mills Organic Gluten Free Pancake & Baking Mix
Off to Southend with the kids today.
Chased is similar to Nymph and Katie, but is the darkest and brightest of the lot. It also leans more purple than either Nymph or Katie. I like this the best in the lot.
The courageous PCs infiltrated the wall's interior spaces, surprised a few more black lacquered skels, and pressed on in the base. Through great risk to their health and sanity, the party utilised the lift shafts geared to negative energy creatures, with each trip up or down these thought-operated shafts resulting in excruciating pain and accompanying ennui as their positive life-force was siphoned away. One fellow, Roland, was so wicked away by the process as to almost lose the ability to continue, but managed to overcome the effect once he realised a portion was merely illusory. They found Ancient Civil Defence supplies (personal survival kits, hydroponics gear and seed-stock, etc.) and took samples of what they felt they could carry before they were spotted by some sort of centaur-like skel on the far side of the interior. Thinking it best to be gone, the group flew down to the felled craft, effected modifications to another craft, and with the aid of the Wodic scout who had entangled several skels at the jungle floor, returned home to Xudorn.
Bachmann must feel it's her duty to go on with Matthew, because there can really be no other explanation. Her "pasted on smile" is certainly understandable, given his past overt hostility to her and her difficulties in dealing with him. In her place, very few of us would have willingly done the interview at all (and, I'm betting that includes you Anon 11:43- it certainly includes me.)
Bam: This is where J-Blast comes in the frame. He did a track called ‘To Break Da Dawn’ with a group called 100% Proof. It had some controversy attached to it as it was a Dis track aimed at PM Dawn who a lot of Hip Hop people saw as too commercial. J was from around the way and was known on the underground Hip Hop circuit we also knew him from the Zulu Nation and other places and shows. He was doing his thing but he liked what we were doing. He introduced us to Trevor Jackson who owned Bite It Records a classic label. We really got on with Trevor who really gave us our first chance thus ‘Raise
So I got it. And I love it. And the people (i.e. kids) love it, too. What more can you ask of a skirt?
Imagine it’s nighttime, and you enter that toilet alone, and it starts talking. Can you really pee in peace?
See, this is how they tell you the mango will look:
Next, stop flirting with other agents until after your current agent knows she's history. You may not be able to see it, but it's still very possible that she is working on your behalf even as you are making plans to break up with her. That's not cool. As soon as you were sure you wanted out, you should have informed your agent.
With the resettlement process in the North reaching its final-phase, the Ministry of Resettlement has stepped up its resettlement drive by making moves to bring back to this country Displaced Sri Lankans living in some 31 camps in Tamil Nadu. Resettlement Ministry Secretary Uthpala Basnayaka yesterday said the Sri Lankan High Commission inNew Delhiis currently working with the concurrence of the Indian authorities to bring back the Sri Lankan Displaced living in camps in Tamil Nadu.The Sri Lankan Deputy High Commissioner’s office in Chennai has been asked to speed up their repatriation by organizing the necessary documents. They will be issued with non-machine readable passports as a means to expediting the returning process, he said. The United Nations High Commission for Refugees(UNHCR) inColombois assisting the repatriation process and the Ministry’s efforts to resettle them in the North, said Basnayaka. UNHCR sources in Colombo said a number of foreign governments have provided financial support to the UNHCR’s important work in Sri Lanka this year.Basnayaka said on the resettlement process of the Displaced persons living inside the country, that out of a quarter million Displaced persons, they are now in the process of resettling 7,000. “They too will be resettled in three months. We have procured 600 acre land in the Kombavil area in the Mullaitivu district to resettle them. We are clearing the land to build houses for them,” he said. Each displaced family will be given a 40 perch block of land, he said.
The scenic Mtkvari River cuts across Tblisi, adding more colour to its already picturesque landscape. I struggled for more than a week to capture its scenery as I passed by its banks to and from work but my driver, who seemed to be always preoccupied with getting me to my destination quickly, seldom gave me a chance to snap a good photo. So one sunny morning I decided to take a cab to the Old Tbilisi area and walked the rest of the way to the office. It was still very early but there were already some activities by the riverbank; people wanting to catch the bus early to work, retirees walking their dog, men with their fishing gear hoping to try their luck in the river, and individuals wanting a morning relaxation by the riverbank.
Lotus Health Care Clinic
Saturday, September 31: 12:00 pm-4:00 pm (Brewers Association and American Homebrewers Association members-only session)
Nkosinathi Ntuli, 23, of Doornpoort was allegedly driving his Toyota RunX on the wrong side of the road on the corner of Boom and Cowie streets, when he was shot dead, spokesperson Moses Dlamini said.
The Head of State of Canada is Queen Elizabeth II, although she vests her powers upon a Governor-General appointed by her. Therefore, we could ask whether the United Kingdom is also part of the OAS.
"And with victory, as it had always come to Americans after a war, came the determination to force their will on the enemy, to punish them for the crime of aggression, for starting the war. If the fighting, with its resultant death and destruction, its loss of American lives, resulted only in the return of the status quo, then almost all Americans would feel cheated."
the priest who baptized me;
“You’ve been quiet for a while. What’s wrong?” Peter asked. I blushed a little bit.
Before we leave home I stick into my purse three paper sacks and three of those plastic cups with lids for straws that restaurants give out with kid’s meals. At the theater we buy the biggest popcorn and soda they sell and grab a handful of napkins. Once seated I divide up the popcorn into the sacks and the soda into the cups. A few napkins on the floor help with spill safety. This plan works best when you get to the theater when the lights are still up.
The shift from chopines to high heels that occurred in the 16th century is also an important part of the exhibition On a Pedestal at the Bata Shoe Museum. In the 1590s, the heel was adopted in Western dress and worn by men during riding to help secure the foot in the stirrup. How this fashion spread to women is somewhat unclear.
After I'd been at sea a while, I married in the Cape,
Your Christmas wish was for the living and the spirits to meet once more.
Sentiment: Printed from PC in Word
Still, the worst thing about bedbugs isn’t the bugs themselves, or even the painful bites. It’s the way others react when you give them the news, all variations on the same theme: they tell you how sorry they are, and then they back away. (In retrospect, I realize it wasn’t exactly the best strategy to blurt out to people I’d recently met, “I have bedbugs.”)
What I’m attempting to lay a hammer to is the concrete wall of cliche.
Some Fundamentalist, Protestant and Catholic Christians have a knee-jerk reaction to this idea, saying ESP is the workings of Satan, a delusion or evidence of mental illness. However, in Catholicism some of the more advanced saints claim to have been given similar gifts, usually called the reading of hearts. Indeed, some Catholic mystics claim to know another’s thoughts and/or feel their emotions near or at a distance with no observable cues.
During her first morning in Vancouver, she was led by a local community art team group leader, who talked about the brand-new, pavement art mosaics that were embedded in one of the local parks in East Vancouver, Norquay Park. The series of art mosaics, thematically called, “Clean Water
Trade deficit hit almost 10% of GDP in FY12, the highest in the last several years as per this chart. This shows a key vulnerability of the economy. Our imports are relatively inflexible, while exports are exposed to global slowdown.
I am not sure how many times I have said ”I am pleading the 5th” in jest. This time I really am! The 5th amendment reads :
We leave once the conversation dies and fades. Louise hugs me as she gets into her taxi, a chunky 80s style bangle shimmering in the street light. I take a bite of a kebab I don't really remember buying. I wish I felt more special, and wasn't weighed down by self conscious values - my Dad told me when my Grade Two girlfriend dumped me for liking a different colour of crayon I was naive to think I was someone special. A heavy burden to weigh upon the burgeoning consciousness of a kid, one who was still working out just why he preferred Grimlock to Optimus Prime. Louise said she saw the footballer Jack Riewoldt sitting miserable in a bar at Crown Casino, almost in tears because he had been stood up. I think her point was that everyone was the same and love was no big deal and we can all have a broken heart. Louise can tie anything into celebrities. When I hurt my leg I think it was the same bone as Katy Perry's from memory. Last time I saw Jack Riewoldt he was cracking onto a barmaid at a Newtown pub with some don't you know who I am style patter. I think he'll do better than me throughout this New Year somehow. I haven't seen Louise since although several of her recent Facebook posts have been angst ridden and abusive towards her ex boyfriend, suggesting her world weary people hating everything is shit and blunt patter is rehearsed and untrue. The kebab remained stoically silent throughout our interaction, and I thought the night was over....
There was a restaurant in Monterey, CA called Neil DeVon’s Steak House. Bud was stationed at nearby Fort Ord & he & his friends would often eat there. I’m not sure of my husband’s dietary practices at that restaurant, but one day the manager jokingly (?) said to him, “Lt. F------, we’re happy to have you as such a steady customer. However, in the future, would you mind bringing your own butter?” He DID bring in a
Gabriel took his first trip to IKEA with mommy not too long ago and he was a trooper!! Right in the middle of the bathroom stuff (I think...? or was it window treatments?) they have a little kiddie station that Gabriel LOVED. They think of everything.
Since Aman has come out to deny any associations with Chia or indeed any allegations of graft, can he please provide the fullest of explanations for this state of affairs?
There’s always a small attention pocket in my brain though – I’ll often stop what I’m doing and view the world through 9-year-old eyes. Or I’ll lie in bed in the mornings “working’ – although it would appear that I’m just gazing into space and snoozing. It’s amazing what exciting ideas surface through the haze of a snooze!
And tonight
That being said, Beranbaum's banana cake is a lot more forgiving than some of her other recipes. I rarely make it exactly the same way, yet it always turns out; a moist, buttery and flavourful cake. I have no patience for certain things, like sifting flour. I just pull out my kitchen scale and weigh out the amount I need. The Cake Bible provides both weights and measures for all recipes. For this recipe, I loosely recalculated the ingredients to make a smaller 8 inch cake.
The same day I found out mom was no longer taking the coconut oil an old friend happened to call. She had just discovered the benefits of coconut oil and was quite excited about it. From this conversation I learned that there is now a flavorless coconut oil. After doing a little research I found that the flavorless coconut oil does indeed exist, but it has been “refined” and has a “neutral” flavor. I would think that the “unrefined” coconut oil is probably better than the “refined”, but try as I may I cannot find information comparing the health benefits of the two. Nonetheless, I guess any coconut oil is better than no coconut oil so I’m off to the market in search of the “neutral” flavor oil. I am a believer and I’m not giving up yet.
He loves the site so much that he begged me to record him using it - to demonstrate to the world just how fun and easy (and addictive) it is to use BookAnd. Thus, TNBBC's very first bookish video mini-series was born.
To settle this debt, Britain took recourse to gold from India. To give impetus to this transaction US supplied Britain with silver – then in abundant supply, in the form of US silver currency coins. This silver was ‘sold’ to Britain at double the market price – under the guise of the Pittman Act. Britain paid its wartime debt to India with this silver – at this inflated Pittman Act price. Abundant silver coins were stuck by the Colonial Raj, which are still available across India in large quantities.
He has not slept well the past few days, and is tired. Through the day he’s had some fitful naps, interspersed with jolts of realization: This is the Day. The Day of Judgment. For nearly twenty years he has drummed into his followers that May 21, 2011 might be The Day, and for the last 5 years he has become convinced of it. In fact, his verdict is Absolute. It. Is. Going. To. Happen. The Bible Guarantees it.
The restaurant where I work has a wall where local artists can display, and sell their work. Well we didn't have a May artist, so I was asked if I could come up with anything. I'm still not the greatest seamstress. So I am still terrified to sell my sewn projects. I have nightmares of my work falling apart in my customer's hands. But there is something I can do that won't fall apart. I can embroider.
Maisa: What are you, woman? I was just kidding. Really now, if people opened your brain, they’ll be surprised to see some bit of decaying matter.
I have heard about you and about the cures you perform without medicine or herbs. What I have heard is that you make the blind see again and the lame walk, you cleanse lepers, expel unclean spirits and demons, cure those who have suffered from chronic and painful diseases, and raise the dead. On hearing all this about you, I concluded that one of two things must be true - either you are God and came down from heaven to do these things, or you are God's son doing them. I am therefore writing to ask you to come to me and cure the illness from which I suffer. I have heard that the Jews are treating you badly and wish to cause you harm - my city is very small, but very noble, adequate for both of us to live in peace.' Jesus's reply:
﻿﻿The London Hotel in Windsor Road is a large pub in a residential area about 10 or 15 minutes' walk from the town centre. The reference to London probably refers to the area of Southport formerly called Little London, which was centred where the Blue Anchor pub is today where, apparently, merchants from London came to collect the fleeces of wool from North Meols. The name Little London is also remembered in London Square and London Street.
The Irish band Flogging Molly is inspiring me to get an Irish car bomb and drink a pint! This band is so full of power and angst and just total fun. You should listen to them if you haven’t already.
While I agree , paying $45 .00 for $245 .00 in groceries is a big savings , I have to ask . Is it really worth it ?
Bokeh shots are really nice, actually. If you want to contribute something, make sure that you’re a registered member of deviantArt.com and of course, join this group:
Scroll down to see a second post for today. I am trying to catch up here and post things that have been waiting.
“You can be impossible sometimes,” he said. “But I still love you.”
1/2 cup shredded zucchini
After they were in the boiling water, they had changed the water.
“Time of the Seasons” was smoothed out by Phillip. The groovy tune worked well.
Congratulations to those honored with an honorable mention or Camper of the Week for week number 4. The theme was "religious," which is where we built up our faith and belief in ourselves that we could get the job done no matter how difficult something may seem.
Time is fast approaching for the solipsistic solstice soliloquy in which our hero, troubled soul, fatal flaw, bad luck / bad management, harangues the crowd around the Tannenbaum of ancient myth and metaphor on their dismal failings and on his exhuberant successings in the course of the previous solar cycle. The 10 Things I Did This Year But You Didn't Ha Ha speech.
So have you.
Bazzil Hot pink cardstock cut to 6.5x8.5 (folded 6.5x4.25)
Heidi said it was worth less than a penny.
1) Vowing to be more practical, I moved everything in the closet away from the floor, so that nothing got wet in case I got a little careless with the hose. I triple-checked to make sure the hose was connected to the faucet, I put the end of it inside the tank at the back of the machine, and I turned the handle.
I came across this Nutty Oatmeal Cookie recipe and what I immediately liked about it was the ingredient list. I doesn't call for a lot of different kinds of flours that I don't have in the house, such as tapioca flour, millet flour or potato starch. I uses just the flour made from old fashioned oats, almonds and hazelnuts.
There was a crazy performance by Goodie Mob afterwards. They looked like a black futuristic version of Earth Wind and Fire. They wore silver armor, with a huge Transformers- like chest plate with long flowing metallic capes. Oh yeah. They had these grills in their mouths. That has to be hard to sing with. Cee Lo’s sunglasses were dope. The song is cool. I will download it later tonight.They showed all of the coaches faces during the performance except Blake I think, but as the camera panned away he was giving them a standing ovation.
Nine and forty chums of chance
The winner of each group will get to choose one of our seven prizes this month. View all the prizes by clicking on the Prizes Tab at the top of this page and see what's up for grabs.
Ink - None
At the age of four, Bryn watched a rabid werewolf brutally murder her parents. Alone in the world, she was rescued and taken in by Callum, the alpha of his pack. Now fifteen, Bryn's been raised as a human among werewolves, adhering to pack rule (mostly). Little fazes her.
Which makes me think about book packagers and the way I have tended to sneer at their process. Teams create the briefs and teams of authors write them up. And I have tended to think that this isn’t ‘proper’ in some way – that because the story doesn’t come from some sizzling inspiration burning out from some enlightened soul, it’s a kind of cheating. A sort of artistic cop-out. Well, shame on me. Actually, of course, it’s team work. And teams get results – as we can see in any and every context, including my own ‘other’ work. Obviously, some writers are zinging with wonderful stories and it is blissful that they want to share them with us. And, of course, some book packaged books are dire in the extreme. But it strikes me that the basic concept is a good one. I am stunned by the ideas that my young collaborators come up with and the process of jig-sawing them together is mind-bending fun for all of us. So surely this should hold true for book packagers’ creative teams too? But does it?
I love that little smirk. :)
But everything was great.
On that note,
One of the first steps in dismantling this evil system was led by South African gun owners. In 1984, the apartheid government proposed limiting the number and types of firearms that individuals could own. A new citizen organization, the South African Gunowners’ Association (SAGA, www.saga.org.za), was created to fight for gun owner rights—and they defeated the government plan.
You see, the photos are actually those of a 1/6 scale model that the photographer, Carrie Becker built and photographed. She calls the series "Barbie Trashes Her Dream House" and describes it as a "more current view of Barbie's lifestyle."
And you are powerful and awesome and always will be.
With the tapered sidepod, the Red Bull encloses the centre of the diffuser inside the gearbox fairing. Other teams leave this exposed beneath the crash structure, to allow flow to pass through and out of the starter motor hole. Last year Red Bull introduced a duct in the floor to send flow directly to the starter motor hole. This year the duct appears to have gone and doesn’t look like it’s been replaced with something. In line with the gearbox and the current exhaust set up, the impact structures forms a spine along part of its length. Once the beam wing is mounted to the spine, the crash structures returns to a normal rectangular cross section and sweeps upwards towards the tail light. This spine format keeps the gearbox and suspension mountings nice and stiff, plus it mounts the beam wing with very little obstruction to it slower surface.
In a couple of past posts, I’ve shared homilies from my friend Fr. Ken Schmidt – the pastor of St. Thomas More in Kalamazoo. Throughout most of my adult years, Ken has gotten me to think about things from time to time and he has a knack of doing this without bashing me over the head with the Bible or the Catechism. Such was the case back in February when I went back to church after a long time on the first Sunday of Lent.
These are the challenges faced by women in conflict and post-conflict regions of the world. Fortunately, Women for Women International has a program that enables women in these areas to change their lives through a "holistic approach", turning women from victims into leaders and active citizens in their villages and communities.
I'm glad a took a few pictures the day before because party day was rainy and cold and we didn't get to race around for long. However, the cars were used all summer long and we still have one as a decoration in his room.
*Ask for dressing on the side. One member suggested dipping your fork in the dressing first and then stab into your salad!
NORTH AMERICA
Hopefully we'll see lots of smiles and a reverberating economy when the sun returns on Thursday ... :)
If you’re at the top, kudos, send some tips down. I don’t envy you anymore because I know you’ve done the groundwork already.
23 - treniers - poon tang
Tomorrow night we are having some friends
Fits nicely, don't you think?, so much more accessible. Maybe the reason why I didn't use them up before was because I couldn't SEE them (they were at the back). Now they are quite evident and I can easily look through them to get the one I want, without fearing that I mess up my tidiness.
Once the zipper is in you’re basically finished! Turn your pillow cover right side out and insert your old pillow or pillow form. That’s it! New pillows for less than $20. I think the new colors really changed our living space. I am a happy girl!
Secondly, branches receive an allocation of pubs from HQ to include in the Guide. This is done to give an even spread of pubs across the country. Remember that the Guide is aimed at the traveller who wants to find a decent pint wherever he/she is. But good beer isn't distributed evenly. The result is that areas with a surfeit of excellent pubs have to omit some of them. I've mentioned the Lake District as being an example of this and there will be many others. Some areas have too many entries considering the quality of beer in their pubs. It is rare for a branch not to fulfill its allocation so mediocre pubs are included.
A British hardback first edition of Right as Rain, published by Orion in 2001, the same year as the US Little, Brown first edition. This, like all of the books I'll be showcasing in this post, was bought in Henry Pordes on Charing Cross Road in June 2011, during my two-week tour of England's secondhand bookshops (obviously this was during the London leg of the tour). The first editions in Henry Pordes are situated on the ground floor as you enter, but on the spur of the moment I decided to have a quick look in the basement, which is usually stocked with (not especially interesting, before you ask) paperbacks. On this occasion, however, the shop had evidently had a clear-out, because there was a stack of first editions downstairs, all priced at a few quid each, and mostly of a crime fiction bent. And even better, four of 'em were by George Pelecanos.
Reviewed:
Picard OUT.
Well, Happy New Year folks!
Thank you Just Jared blog for sharing your pictures with me.
October 12
Ruger SR 22
Katheryn has been asking for snow for weeks! She wants to make snow angels and throw snow balls. We saw the little flakes of snow on the ground and Katheryn was so excited!
My Husband Gerwin has chose a number between 1 and 10
There has been a lot of speculations about who is a better captain among Dada and Dhoni. And a lot many twitter and facebook fights between the Dada supporters and Dhoni supporters. Even I got involved in some of them.
The 20 e-books published by Odyssey Editions carry an elegant and unified new look designed in collaboration with Enhanced Editions (http://www.enhanced-editions.com/). Features include:
me blue. Curled bodies, close,
I have to admit that we have not played a whole lot of board games in the past with the kids...Mostly because they were so young and what not, but now that they are older we have been finding games we can all play together...And I have been surprised to find out that some of my kids are very sore losers!!!
This is the worst time suffering with autism and seeing the abusers making everyone look bad.
My Eyes Are Red Dub
There was a hymn, all solid, Anglican harmony, and then the Responsory: call-and-answer with the choir. And then the choir sang alone, weaving in and out of each other as pitched and patterned by Orlando Gibbons, and I remembered Peter Wimsey, in Dorothy L. Sayers' Gaudy Night, saying to his Harriet, "Anyone can have the harmony, if they'll leave us the counterpoint".
Alec’s next mystery is called The Ransom Note Blues, and is coming out June 1 of this year. In it, something mysterious has gone missing from the town of Laurel Hollows, and Alec and his sidekick Gina have to figure out what it is. Without giving too much away, this is an art-themed mystery featuring my favorite abstract expressionist (who Alec and Gina learn about in the book).
To put my down-time to use, I've been madly writing Christmas cards getting them ready to send by Dec. 1st.
i don't know if all y'all saw that 5 star rating system at the bottom of each post, but i didn't put it there! i did, however, find out how to remove it! the blogger help group says:
WHEN: August 27, 2011. Doors open at 11:30am.
Then....I got sick again last week. (Gonna start swearing...sorry its where i am at emotionally right now)
But after that night in the woods, Jennifer was different. She looked different. And then the killings began. . . .
3) Don't go to to Orson if you are not open-minded about food.
For Björk, Icelandic literature and art is more "anarchic", "freedom loving" and "aggressive" than in countries like Norway and Sweden.
So if you are saving all the good stuff for the book what are we supposed to read about now? I can't wait for some book! My 4 year old son learns his sense of immediate gratification from me!
when Henry came to our family so quickly,
You see I actually made this drink sometime in January. I tell you this because blood oranges are a winter fruit, and are typically available between December and March. And even though we had a disturbingly mild winter, I still wished it were summer instead.
Once the holy grail of AURORAphiles, mainly because of the hefty pricetag back in the 60ties. For $4.95 you could buy 5 regular AURORA monster models or tons of candy. So most kids skip it, resulting in poor sales. Big Frankie disappeared quickly from the catalog and store shelves within a year and haunted the minds of Baby Boomersever since.
addendum 2: Oh god. oh god. There are two things that have me getting nervous. OH OH OH GOD. MY FIRST APPOINTMENT WITH NEW DR. MALE THERAPIST IS TOMORROW! And the Bell’s Palsy was getting better but these last few days, NO, NO NO. I’LL MENTION IT LATER. IT’S TOO MUCH.
18th June – Pustervik, Göteborg
“When the Son of man shall come in his glory, and all the holy angels with him, then shall he sit upon the throne of his glory.”
When we moved here I bought a large ten seater dining table which we restored and is now smack in the middle of our large eat in kitchen.
As parents, we are pretty laid back. We take things as they come and we laugh a lot. We learn new things everyday and we keep the communication as open as possible. Luckily, the girls are pretty mellow. They sleep A LOT and eat A LOT - so the transition into our new life is going smoothly. So far, so good. Don't get me wrong, I still need time for myself - yes, Dustin does drive me crazy as times - but, thats normal, right? :-) We are so thankful to have my parents and his b/c they babysit whenever we need them - which allows us to get away and do whatever we need to do to stay sane. :-)
A fisherman at dusk near the Fish Market. Yemen's fishing industry is suffering from piracy and overfishing.
Silently hunting
Teenagers are not one entity.
What better time to dig out this lovely elegant fairy image from Queen Kat Designs, this one's called Tree Fairy and designed by Amy Brown, perfect for this week's challenge theme.
I waited an appropriate amount of time before I made my move, all the while, still (sort of) dating Garrett. Now, things got complicated one night when Zac and Garrett stayed over at Fred’s house, which is across the street from my parent’s house. The three boys came over and we chatted in the driveway of my parent’s house. It was…awkward, to say the least. After that night, Fred began talking to me. This was back before Facebook, mind you, so one night, he IM’d me (for you young kids, that is instant messaged me on AOL’s Instant Messenger). We talked for HOURS, about nothing, and about everything. At the end of the conversation, he asked me to meet him out front, where we laid on my driveway, staring at the stars. Fred had always been quiet, so I never expected this to happen, but after that night, my attention shifted towards Fred.
Obviously in a story like this one, the two cases had to have some bearing on each other and various characters had to have some connection. It’s not bragging to say that I had that part figured out well before it was revealed in the twin tale. I think that was the way Robinson wanted it to go, and that the tension was supposed to come from watching Banks and Cabot figure it out.
If anyone wants anything in particular from any of our travel destinations, please leave us your comments. Suggestions for interesting things to eat, see or buy would also be appreciated!
I have a special feeling about clothes. They are treasures. T-shirts from concerts or theater camps or the Goodwill, plaid button ups just long enough and fitted enough, jeans that hug my hips, comfy pajamas for snuggling in, sweaters with just the right stripes, warm socks, beautiful dresses. I like to take care of them so they’ll last a long time.
I picked up so much yummy fresh produce that I plan to use up on Sunday when I cook again for the week. I haven't decided what I'm going to cook for next week yet. Guess I had better get working on that!
Yep! No mammograms, colonoscopies, pap smears, diabetes tests and so on. My blood pressure does get a regular check, only because that seems to be the routine no matter what doctor you see.
What fun it must be at Primrose Hill dinner parties dreaming up ways to spend other people's money!
Every day seems a lifetime
“Dinner maybe.” We walk off before the gathering is over.
January O'Neil: You are absolutely right. It is a learning process. I have a lot of friends at Salem State. Jennifer included. I find that students are eager to learn. Like all writers students they have trouble starting a poem and trouble ending one. I teach Creative Writing which is really in my comfort zone. I am learning to get them to talk about poetry, and helping them get inspired. I am also teaching them to give constructive feedback.
“I’d like you to look at the tattoo and tell me if you recognize anything about it.”
This film, in my opinion and terms, is an achievement for Hindi cinema, not because people think that the subject is brave, but it is an achievement for what it tries to capture, and those are, sentiments, pure, negligent and meticulous. When energy strikes something cold, liveliness is felt. For an old man whose feelings are long lost, all that remains are memories, which could be looked back, again and again.
**Click**
And that’s what happened, the depressed broads with the sh*tty partners felt twice the pain. So, it matters who you pick as a partner. Again, no surprise there.
“New York plates. First part was K-O-D, and then four numbers. I can only remember the first two were a one and nine. I knew it all a while ago, but I can’t remember it all.”
So, I figure, around $160 for the flight, find yet another cheap crappy hotel room placed close to the theatre. (That's $200, give or take $50. A hotel room in London that costs much less than $100 is a scary, scary thing.) Spend two nights in London (must hit a pub or four, after all, ($40)), eat at Pret and Chinatown ($60), and fly back, having paid $12 for the movie and around $488 for the peripherals. I left myself $28 for incidentals, like, oh, water. And Starbucks.
I have been caught up in a whirlwind of events and emotions over the last few months. So much so that I planned to not write about it at all. However, if I don't, I may mention these events and you'd be all "wait...huh?" So here it is.
Elm Publishing also offers editing services, though the website does not list any details on this. I make stupid errors even as the editor of this site, but the Elm Publishing website needs a serious going over with the red pen before they decide to sell editing services or editing referrals to authors.
I stole the thrift-store painted vase and painted white sailboats from the console table in the living room. Not sure if they will be staying, but they fit in well with the theme.
I think I am going to go to bed now and shed a great number of tears for all those lost pictures.....
I'm not an outwardly emotional person, but I had to work hard not to cry when I explained that he really WAS jaundiced.
And those at ninety four
You can’t demand change and respect from people, when your actions against those who disagree with you is to make up vile uses for their name.
So, today I am grateful for all of the people in my life who know me, and who keep me grounded. Community is so important. (It is also what creates so many problems. A topic for another time!)
From Aviary:
BRITAIN’S border police faced more humiliation last night after it emerged that officers had accidentally deported 13 key witnesses, leading to the collapse of a multi-million pound prosecution.
I’m still making plans, but my motivational level is bottomed-out. This is where the love of the sober guy really starts to kick in. I’ve been down the road of so many wives of alcoholics and made excuses as to why it is okay for my husband to drink. Like many wives I think my husband’s situation is unique, but at this point I also think I’ve let him take my sympathy and turn it into a tool to control me.
Yesterday my mom called and said my baby sister was taken to the E.R. because she had the most excruciating lower abdomen pain. The doctors could not give them a concrete diagnose and until today we do not know what is wrong with her; they actually thought it was her appendix, but apparently it wasn’t. So today I want to ask (if you can) to say a little prayer for this 11-year old angel. She is in a lot of pain, no one knows what is wrong with her and my mom is taking her somewhere else to get a second opinion. In the mean time, please pray that she will recover soon. I firmly believe that if we all pray together God will listen because “there is strength in numbers”. I can’t thank you enough!
Why is this important?
Maisa: What’s new?
“Come over here. I have the wickedest hand massage technique I can do for you. Not only will it help you relax, but it’s been known to make some women climax!” He grinned and raised his one eyebrow while I glared at him. OK. So, that declaration caught my interest.
When I saw this chip piece I knew I had to use it. The saying went so well with my photo as we were walking a city park one evening last summer. It was truly a lovely day. ;) I added a few half pearls from my stash to finish it off.
With beauty may I walk
One candle to honor the Goddess in her new moon, blue or white is nice, any color is fine. I have a large pale blue/green candle that I use for all moon rituals.
I felt awful. Still do, in fact, whenever I think of it. Felt the shame of what I’d done most acutely. Felt in some way dirty.
JIMMY KIMMEL HOSTING THE EMMYS
Prvni Pivni Tramway had few guests the afternoon I was there. Last time around it was packed, and the pub had a great atmosphere. It was a pity that I had to move on, as I felt like drinking more rauchbier. But there is always next time, isn't it?
My kids dress themselves on the weekends. You like?
Formed in 2010 the female fronted outfit consisting of vocalist Shanda Fredrick, bassist Patrick Warren , drummer Jeremy Brenton and guitarist Phil Burns (both ex-Dunwich) took no time in making a mark and creating attention with their doom metal inspired by the likes of Candlemass, Black Sabbath, and Coven and infused with horror imagery and lyrics. Upon its formation the band immediately demoed over 20 songs four of which make up the EP, and from their debut gig in March 2011 set themselves as the top doom act in the Las Vegas scene. Their sharing of stages with doom heavyweights like High on Fire, Jucifer, and Pentagram has only gone to cement and raise their stock, something that Pareidolia can only further accelerate.
1226. Swedish Fish Swedish Dolphin @ My Car (Brigantine, NJ) 1:12 p.m.
(if I charged for the kind of tidbits I offer up on this blog you would probably all be thinking I had a screw loose, but since I give my tidbits up for free I am pretty certain you are left thinking, that Cat, she is pretty freakin' clever ... once in awhile)
I am on the look-out for more Style Print patterns. I found the fit to be really good and the instructions were very clear. I did muslin the bodice because it's the first time I've used these patterns. I ended up adding an extra 1/4 inch to each of the side (I was paranoid of the dreaded gaping front) and lengthened the waist front and back by about 1/4 inch. I also took about 2 inches off the skirt length.
Are you a member of the creative class?
I'm also lucky that I'm a longarm quilter... I just fused on my hexagons and didn't do any kind of applique stitch around them. Instead, I just did a straight stitch about a quarter inch in from the edge while I was quilting it on the frame. Raw-edge to the core, people!
The next day, Johnny sold his near new car for about a quarter of what it was worth. When that money was gone, he stole a car from a parking lot three blocks from his apartment and sold it the same night to someone at the club.
Or at least, it’s this exercise MADE easy! Which I can’t do with the next one, so I will get cracking on the podcast asap.
Another core group in the Brooklyn scene is the experimental and artsy side of the scene. This would include bands such as The Dirty Projectors, TV on the Radio, and Yeasayer. These bands just got tired of all the same old tricks in the music game lately and decided to clear a path of their own. Yeasayer, the newest band of the group, released their second entitled Odd Blood in 2010. They manage to keep the thick, dark Brooklyn feel to their music while at the same time keeping it poppy and fun. TV on the Radio is one of the more well-known indie bands out there today, but there’s no way I could write this without mentioning them. The electronic feel they maintain while infusing funk and soul into their breed of indie rock makes for an interesting blend. “Wolf Like Me” from their CD Return to Cookie Mountain has to be one of the best indie rock jams of the last decade. No joke, it’s that good. Here is “Ambling Alp” by Yeasayer and “Wolf Like Me” by TV on the Radio. Feel free to turn the volume way up.
3-4 eggs, hardboiled
And we have to stop looking—Teresa correctly pointed out, I mean, and you pointed out, that this is a president who has carried out the most—more—the most egregious assaults on our civil liberties, far worse than the Bush administration. And through the magic of public relations, we continue to be utterly fooled by what’s happening.
Then there is that smouldering business of criminal elements working within the ranks of the SA Police… In December last year, Police Minister Nathi Mthethwa announced: "We shall never get tired of ridding the SAPS of rotten apples who may be within the force; in fact we shall become more determined to ensure that only law-abiding police and staff members remain in the force.” – What a load of nonsense! They cannot even catch the murdering criminals in this country, how are they going to round up all the criminals inside the force? It is only AFTER a crime has been committed that police involvement is usually discovered!
Even my own son says he is disgusted with A, and that seeing A's life in such a mess reminds him of where he came from-- and he doesn't want to go there.
But sometimes, you have to strip it away and get to he heart of the matter, if you can’t worship apart from music and away from the confines of the church, are you really worshipping at all?
Groups congregate on the benches and the railings either side of the terrace in a scene which is positively European. Through in a game of boules and it may not be England. Deciding to sit on the hedge that drops into the park a fellow drinker is swallowed whole. As we watch the sunset we watch as his legs flap and his girlfriend tries desperately to pull him out. Inevitably the crowd claps, cheers and laughs at this moment of pure slapstick before some eventually heave him out. He holds his hands up to the sky in appreciation of his public before checking his scratches. Spots of blood forming on his white Ralph Lauren polo he heads to where else but the bar. It could only be England.
Fast forward, Spring 2010: Daisy came to Florida on business and we met for a drink and a talk; just a few hours to share between flights, but so much to say, to cover and no longer the talk of children or teenages beseet by angst or the serious intellectual talk of students. Now the hearts we opened to each other were those of grownups. Professional lives, aging parents - Rodney's father, her mother, and our common aunts and uncles, kids growing up - my near-grown sons, her growing nephews- her music, mine, our common friends and then at last: Lily. Daisy, whose empathetic nature always brought an open, affectionate expression; whose clear-headed professionalism would bring the same openness lit with bright intelligence, always warm but seldom sentimental or even demonstrative, suddenly looked up with eyes brimming and a tight expression as she struggled for control. "My dear friend," she said, her voice full as she spoke of Lily; her dear friend. Lily died. September 21, 2009. "Time," Daisy said, with quiet finality. "Time is all that really matters."
So the thing is, as we all know, the sex of the baby is so tertiary... With Camille we did not know she was a girl until she was born. I thought it would be fun to wait because we didn't care what sex the baby was. And then we had a girl... And all of a sudden I had fantasies of raising a girl that would never come to fruition.
every day of the rest of my life...
12 - 4pm and 8:30pm to close
She listened to me about what I wanted and asked questions when needed. She took free range of the project with what I asked for and I think she did an amazing job! And she was so professional and nice.
No good thing will God withhold. God withheld no good thing from him, and he was satisfied with God’s sovereign will. All this, he says, “springs from taking God at his word, believing what he says.”
Olsen J, Hemminki K, Ahlborg G, Bjerkedal T, Kyyronen P, Taskinen H, Lindbohm ML, Heinonen OP, Brandt L, Kolstad H, et al. Low birthweight, congenital malformations, and spontaneous abortions among dry-cleaning workers in Scandinavia. Scand J Work Environ Health 1990; 16: 163-168.
Chris performed his new single Turn Up The Muisc along with his collaborative effort with Benny Bennassi, Beautiful People.
She just happened to address three things I have a difficult time with. Unless someone is paying me or grading me I tend to have problems committing to projects. Something I need to work on. And I often feel like I can't show life how it actually is because it's not perfect or gorgeous, and I really want it to be perfect and/or gorgeous. (Even though I know life will never be either.) I knew better than to commit to doing this project with my Nikon. I signed-up for Tracey Clark's Picture Inspiration last year and I maybe got half way through it. Or maybe not. So I have committed to doing this project with my iPhone on Instagram (andreameisgeier if you're looking for me.) I always have my phone with me.
keeping your vibration level high. Your feelings are the cosmic glue in
I think it's about time they bounce back with Mango. I just love the Metro UI, it's beautiful and it's different than Android and the iOS. If you would ask me if I'm willing to shift to this eye-candy smartphone and not upgrade to the iPhone 4S? Yes.
“Where did you know ‘that kind’ of word?”
And then I saw this: The IRS and our politicians, know this is happening (illegals getting huge tax returns) and yet, they want to throw grandma and grandpa into the Obamacare cesspool. Now, American taxpayers are supporting children in Mexico. Hopefully somebody like Hannity or Malkin will take this issue up and demand answers.
Cabbage salad tossed w/roasted garlic vinaigrette and and dried cranberries. Potato salad made with Nayonaise, onions, nutritional yeast and freshly-ground pepper. Oven-baked marinated tofu sticks. Cherry tomatoes.
Today Jon was out of the office most of the day so I was essentially alone. My mom did stop in for awhile. We had lunch together. I broke down a few times throughout the day today. Sometimes from something that was said, sometimes just because.
HACKLEBACK STURGEON – $60 / 1oz
03. When Your Lover Has Gone (Swan) 5:03
Regardless, today it's beautiful and sunny and warm. I have the front door open and the window in the living room. Sun is streaming in. Birds are chirping everywhere. And it was snowing in Portland when Dear Hubby left for the airport. They're having our weather! Go figure! What a strange winter it's been.
The central branch of the Austin Public Library is closed for about six weeks while they do some repairs so I'm venturing out to other branches on my lunch hour. I've discovered a tiny branch in a crappy strip mall at the corner of Oltorf and S. Congress that has a really good selection of new books. I mentioned this to the librarian there today and he said that the branch was moving to the old p.o. at S. 5th and Mary and was trying what he called a "bookstore model"--that is, the branch was going to be devoted almost exclusively to new books. I love this idea.
"The Song of Songs" was recently released on Dutton Laboratories in a historic recording, but this is an infinitely more luscious sounding interpretation with some wonderful playing from the RPO under Handley. The conductor understands Bantockian idioms in an uncanny sort of way especially in the "Omar Khayyam" sequences, these need an oriental passion and lingering sense of mysticism to bring off, qualities which Handley espouses almost to perfection. I found the "Caristiona" wonderful in its almost mystical effects, this is music on the highest inspirational planes, demonstrating Bantock's supreme gift at orchestrating such legendary subjects. The "Processional" is also extremely beautiful, at times one can almost get lost in the swirling sound world that envelops the music.
Then a shoot will spring from the stem of Jesse,
The question is “how many times would I have to fold a piece of paper for it to reach the moon?”. Obviously, you have to assume it’s a pretty big piece of paper to begin with. I started with asking the students to estimate how thick a piece of paper was, or as one student corrected me, how “thin” was the piece of paper.
“I actually don’t thing you quite get my meaning, Bert.”
This is commonly said, but it is true. When starting my RTW, one of the first critical steps was getting rid of everything I had and quitting my job. It was really hard to do, and I even cried one night a week before my trip because I felt I had nothing with me. Now, I’m more than grateful for having taken that hard step to live my dream.
If you have time I would also recommend a day trip up to Shenzhen. I guess the first thing to note is that it’s a fun place but not for the scenery. A city on the border of HK in China, it’s basically the retail outlet for the whole of the Pearl River Delta - the manufacturing hub of China. Anything you buy that says ‘made in china’ which, ahem, is just about everything, probably comes from somewhere in the PRD. Catch the East Rail Line and it takes about an hour. Shenzhen is over the border at Lo Wu, the very last stop on the line. You will have to get a visa for the Shenzhen Economic Zone at the entry point (if you don't already have a China visa) and go through immigration - but it’s pretty straightforward. Make sure you check whether you are allowed to get a visa, I think it depends on your country of origin – I know Australia and NZ citizens are allowed but I think it’s more difficult for other countries such as the US. These things change often so check before you go.
What now
We work with students on putting the vast digital knowledge and multitasking ability they already possess into the framework of 21st century journalism.
Not long after he began his career in financial journalism, he began studying technical analysis. By studying chart patterns and other technical indicators, he realized this approach to analyzing and trading markets could level the playing field between “professional insiders” in the markets and individual traders.
You’ve done many different movies, is there any specific type of effect you haven’t done that you really want to?
Six B's
2eme
this is my designer card for the challenge of creashop Duymelot blog with a sketch and the theme is spring with yellow as color + 1 other spring color, see for yourself what a beautiful cards the DT has made as samples.
Dear Joe and Vicki: We're getting ready to retire and the idea of RV travel is very appealing. This may sound silly, but how often and where do RVers do their laundry while on the road?
And finally, during my hedonistic early clubbing days in the mid to late 90’s, pinstripe trousers combined with a waistcoat (a fucking waistcoat!) did not make me look like a sex god, it made me look like a waiter. I even had, at one point, a white suit that I used to wear on a funky night out. I mean, this suit was white. At some points, when the strobe lights hit me and created a white nimbus around my flailing body, it looked like Jesus Christ himself had decided to pop down to some dingy nightclub in Romford to dance very badly.
Naturally, an emergency patient isn't thinking about hospital status. However, being an inpatient can mean significant savings to you. So you should ask your doctor to see that you are admitted. In addition, do not hesitate to ask your insurer for assistance in appeals if you believe that the bill you received is incorrect. More at the source, where there are several relevant links to Medicare resources. If you or any of your family are likely to be admitted to a hospital, it may be financially very important to you to understand the difference between "observation care" and "admission." I think understanding the details isn't necessary - just knowing that sleeping overnight in the hospital doesn't necessarily mean you're an "inpatient."
But while we learn and develop, we don’t necessarily change our consciousness as we age. In fact, according to David Hawkins, most people’s vibrational level only changes by about 5 points during their lifetime if they do nothing to develop themselves emotionally and spiritually. This means that most people’s fundamental “home frequency,” the level of consciousness they return to from the peaks and valleys of life, remains set very close to where they were born.
Not hyped up
- Guard their tombs.
remit of the ugly gene,
I did all of this without adult supervision.
"Do not be anxious about anything, but in every situation, by prayer and petition, with thanksgiving, present your requests to God."
Films that satirize police states are few and far between (Sleeper, Brazil), usually depicting an exaggerated totalitarian system meant to warn us what could happen, but also to reassure us that we aren’t there yet.
Biblical Inerrancy: Is the Magisterium Clear or Unclear? Bob Says Both
Mushroom
Just because someone has autism doesn’t mean they can’t hear, so be sensitive to what you say as you would with any other child. Also be sensitive to their interpretation of words. Often words are interpreted literally and these kids don’t have the ‘sarcasm meter’ we take for granted
1 included
I spent the fifteen minutes before the siren in front of the computer, watching interviews with parents, and siblings, and girlfriends of soldiers who died in military training accidents. The interviews were broadcast as the familiar notes of Yom Hazikaron’s mournful songs played in the background, a holiday soundtrack so uniquely Israeli.
Further discussion, however, lead to the disclosure that there is a group of coaches, the Elite Athletes Coaches Association, that is in the process of obtaining non profit status for their group.
Sow in God’s light
I'm still a beginner!
9. Asking patients to choose what type of medication they want to take. When a patient has a medical condition in need of medical treatment, the physician is looked to provide their advice as to what medication to take. They don’t want to be given a list of three possible medications, told to research them at home, and come back with a decision. From a patient’s perspective, this is why the doctor went to medical school, not me.
They find an apartment where one of the murders took place, and the layout matches Helen's place, right down to the hole behind the medicine cabinet. Helen snaps a few pics of the other apartment behind the cabinet, then decides to crawl through and explore. Frustrated, Bernadette just sits down to wait for Helen's return.
“Ready Peeled ionized Bananas” To preserve the sweetness of the bananas, they are peeled and after going through a safe ionisation process, the bananas will be packed in a special container (non polystyrene) to reduce carbon foot prints. “Phoenix ionised Bananas, Sweet Bananas”
If I want something and she says we’ll come back for it another day, or I’ll buy it for you another day, she never will.
I can understand the native peoples of Columbia eating them, because maybe they do not have nice food. And Columbia is a big jungle, and many people are poor, and jungles have lots and lots of bugs. But it is not right for them to dip them in chocolate, and sell them at Harrods. That is what happens when you let camel jockeys buy your department stores.
while a score of fingers scored
But alas, my better half once again took the top honors with his cutesy, pipe-chomping fisherman tankard, judged by all present to garner the coveted Crazy Mug Contest. Last year's winner, "Smashed Again", however, still remains the Craziest Mug of all time, and has a place of honor in my kitchen holding my collection of measuring spoons. I will perhaps extend my mug hunting throughout 2012 to more regions so as to try to capture the Crazy Mug crown next Christmas morning.
I had SO much trouble choosing which image to use for this challenge... not because I couldn't find an image I liked - but from the ABUNDANCE of cute little animals Crissy has created!I love them ALL!
The Economy:
A common question people ask a writer is what made them decide to sit down and start writing in the first place. For me, it was grief.
In his May Day message yesterday, Mr Tharman said that Singapore must stay open to expertise from around the world and enable companies to have the diverse teams that allow them to remain competitive.
It is bad enough to lose in the playoffs but to lose due the fact that you are not at full strength has to hurt. As Howard, Lin, Rose, Shumpert and Amar’e nurse their wounds during the off-season, all they can do is imagine what is and what could have happened.
14.Greece 33
It is more 3.5 stars, but will round it and just rate it 4 stars.
Additional psps…..8/22: the water level in the river did rise….and it is a “raging torrent”…I’ve never seen it as high and as powerful looking….it’s a good reminder for me that things are changing all the time, to appreciate however they might be in each moment….and to be flexible and accept those ongoing changes, whether in the flow of the river, the flow of other circumstances, in other people or myself.
With Perry’s arrival in Japan, the US Navy had come of age. Japan was a witness to that, and, in turn, began to question her own isolationist strategy. It started to build its own deep sea navy.
My mother!! She will turn 80 next year but has the heart of child. She was a principal in a prestigious school, with a strong passion for her work.
R - The 'live' area, Howard, is the area where the standard art has to be situated; the 'bleed' area is for any art work that leaves the page; and the 'trim' is the size of the page after the printers have put it through the guillotine. We need to leave the appropriate 'tolerance' for the process, to make sure that the bits we want on the page stay on the page and don't get cut off.
And you can put away your fuckin' toys,
It could all be over soon, and then I won’t hurt anymore.
You say, “The laws/practices you read to me were from the Old Testament that were created for the Jews to adhere to…not necessarily us.” Where in the bible does it say that? As far as I’m aware, having actually read the bible and having referenced several verses concerning this, Jesus said to follow the laws of the Old Testament. I’m sure I’ve said this to you before, but Jesus got angry at the Pharisees for not stoning disobedient children. Why would Jesus use this as an example to show how the Pharisees are not following the laws of God and then void those same laws? And nowhere in the scripture does it say that the laws of the Old Testament are null just because of Jesus’ sacrifice. I’m sorry, but your argument doesn’t make any sense, and you’re wrong. There is no other way I can put it. You are wrong when it comes to scripture.
When I lived in America, their most well-known commercials were probably the “Crash Test Dummies” that were used to try to convince people to fasten their seat-belts when they were in a car and anti-drunk driving ads with the catch-phrase “Drinking and driving can kill a friendship“.
2 handfuls of almonds
I figured Nobody reads my blog, so i can write whatever i want.
and my toes look like Hobbit's feet
Happy Labor Day! What better way to start off a holiday than with an invigorating hike? I hopped out of bed bright and early this morning and got to the Meigs Creek trailhead at the Sinks by about 7:15 am. Despite the fact this it's a holiday there weren't many folks out and about that early, and I only saw two other pairs of hikers on my hike.
The PM has been coy on the status of the RCI, only saying at a press conference on February 23 that it was still under consideration.
I got a call a few days after my appointment saying that all my tests looked fine, but they did find Group B Strep in my urine. Normally they don't worry about this until labor, at which point they give you IV antibiotics, but since they found it so early, they decided to go ahead and have me take a 10 day course of oral antibiotics. For the most part, Google confirmed what the doctor had told me, but I decided to see if it's associated with miscarriage and found a few articles/studies done that believe it could be associated with recurring miscarriage and second trimester losses. Also, if they find it in your urine then your vagina is heavily colonized. Great. Another thing to worry about.
For example, many traditional computer programs won’t work on tablets, and documents sent from a computer to a mobile device may end up losing some key characteristics.
The seamstress replied, 'No.'
--There are all sorts of fun characters in Kari-Lynn's book like the horse. You can see some of those characters in the picture above. Today I encourage you to go for walk and write a poem about the things you see and hear around you.
Drop the dough by sticky spoonfuls into a small bowl with sugar
A parent with her well-groomed/dressed children
-Requiring build to to the frontage for the ‘base’ part of the building (up to perhaps 6 storeys) to encourage solar shading.
unlikely."
I then ran down the disused rail track. It may have been a fact that no train was about to arrive but my pumping arms and legs behaved as if there was a train due any moment. My conscious brain gave out to my instinct and fear kicked in. I ran, and ran, faster and faster, till my eyes shouted something at me.
I forget what we were reading, it might have been something from Dylan Thomas' "Portrait of the Artist as a Young Dog." Or it might have been John Updike. Whatever the story, my teacher spent about a full week talking about a single sentence, one that described a young girl as having "field hockey legs."
From last Wednesday to Sunday, I was at the National Student Nursing Association convention in Baltimore. I’ll write more about that later, but I just remembered something.
7-Heat mustard oil and let it come to smoking point,switch off the heat and add crushed garlic and add it to Chokha.
If we have to take a picture of a static subject and we can't raise the ISO or change the aperture opening the only way is to long times avoiding the blurred caused by the vibrations of our hand by using a tripod.
My mama liked to eat healthy, so she bought some carrot juice that were in tetra packs. I think it was called Mr. Carrot or something. I liked the carrot juice, so I decided to sell them. My cousins Erika, Erinn, Errol, Erijah, and Era just lived next door so I decided to ask their help. We set up a table in front of our house and waited for people to buy. We didn’t sell a lot, so we were getting desperate. One guy went to our table, and we started enthusiastically telling him about the carrot juice. He said he’ll buy some when he comes back. We waited for him to come back, and when we saw him walking down the street, we asked him to fulfill his promise. He did not. He started to run and my cousins ran after him. They didn’t catch him though, but they had fun running after him.
(c) Copyright Karl Yannes 2011
I took a lot of pics to show off these beautiful embellishments from Little Snippets, but you can't really appreciate how special they look until you see them in real life. They are just perfect for making a plain card special :)
Fingers waiting to run through your hair
HONORABLE MENTION CUPS OF TEA -- 9 this week:
I am attempting to get reinstated in Google's Ad program. This may require one more address change for the blog.
But our young female North Korean guide had to sleep on a couch on a first floor landing, because no rooms were free. She has had a painful back for the last couple of days, ever since our coach hit a gigantic pothole in the road and everyone was lifted off their seats. She was standing and fell awkwardly, her back hitting the hard edge of a seat.
Submerge the shells in water and drill holes in each end. Tip: We like to use the plastic top of a Haagen Daaz ice cream container to hold the water when we drill shells.
I love being a stage manager! It’s a unique position; I get to work with the entire creative team- the director, designers and the actors. It can be challenging at times, in that each company has their own idea of what a stage manager does and is supposed to do, so there is a great deal of flexibility and communication skills required to be a successful stage manager. I do enjoy change and the fact that every theatre company is doing their own thing. It never gets boring; each production has new challenges, creates new perspectives. And if it ever does become monotonous the beauty of theatre is that it’s over in a few weeks and it’s on to the next project!
Yay! for my little weirdo Rio ♥
These were a hit with the entire family and will now be a staple in our home. Pair then with a glass of milk and you will have found nirvana. I am confident you will LOVE them as much as we do.
In fact, it's probably why a lot of UK booksellers are buying US stock wholesale and offering it for sale there (and this would maybe show on a royalty statement as an export sale). It would be hard to track down.
The only area that I felt I failed on was visiting and commenting on other blogs. I did visit many but I did not visit all of them. My employer unexpectedly increased the work schedule during the challenge so something had to give - sorry :-(.
Stomp! His golem squashed a snake underfoot like it was a tiny bug.
Did I buy the cloth labels for the bags? No I decided not to make more than a few bags, and then immediately set about making hundreds!
Cut one baguette into long 1 inch pieces, coat a large sauce pan in EVOO and brown the baguette slices on each side. Place toasted baguette pieces on baking pan, spoon tomato, onion, basil, garlic mix onto each piece, top with grated parmesan, broil till cheese melts, place on serving tray and enjoy!
Well unfortunately, it is Monday again....uugh. But, on a better note, here is my Monday review!!
But for me, the most poignant take-away is that my son will be probably have no memory of me, until now that is. Foer reports that the average age people report having their earliest memory is around three and a half years, which sounds about right. The most eventful years of my life will be less than a blur to him.
The photograph to illustrate this blog is of old copies of the sadly missed Daily Herald. Pure self indulgence on my part because my late father was a lobby correspondent for that paper. I will admit to a few tears whilst I was looking for this photos.
Phase one (documented here) was posting all of Leicester's twenty-odd published books online. This is now substantially complete, though a good deal of proof-reading and reformatting still needs to be done.
Take Cleveland. It represents failure.
And became a sought after speaker,
It's been a long nine months but I waited patiently for my niece to arrive and she finally did this week. I knew I already loved that little girl but I was not prepared for how strong that love would be the instant I saw her for the first time. Everyone talks about how you will have those instant feelings as a parent but no one mentioned them as an Aunt. I think Emma and Ian have those feelings to. They got to hold their cousin last night and each of them were beaming.
The people that do setup, tear-down, sound, children’s ministry, hospitality, bulletins are my hero’s!
When testing a new strategy, it goes without saying, that the amount of data one uses in the evaluation, as well as the different market conditions in which the strategy has been tested is important in forming reliable conclusions. Day trading offers an advantage over position/swing trading because of the potential for quick feedback on strategies being tested by virtue of the frequency with which the trade setups can occur.
we picked out our special clara christmas dress.
My source, who first contacted me two months ago after a paranoid UMass official angrily hung up on him in a phone conversation accusing him of being "Larry Kelley", considers the article a "whitewash".
Let us also remember that he is not an ordinary citizen; he is an MP, elected to speak on behalf of a fair proportion of the Dutch population. Yet for those who wish to silence him, democracy is only good when it's producing the right answers. Anything else is 'undemocratic' or 'populist', and the proles who follow such notions must simply be educated better.
¨ Regina Jeffers
-A kitchen that is already laid out well
I get the impression that the center of L&M’s show, a large work on paper placed on rough 2 x 4 studs with a ballet barre positioned in front, is Kassay’s attempt at giving us what may be a position, although its orientation towards giving the show a conceptual reading also does a disservice. The work is ineffective, pitching a now typical rough D.I.Y look that is often misconstrued for sincerity and humility. Work like this is neither sincere nor humble, but instead uses tropes of sincerity and humility as a cop-out for rigorous thinking. I have to admit, that Kassay’s center piece looks grad-school and virtually destroys the mood of refinement and elegance created by the smaller works.
Read This Week:
Am I caught up in the frenzy of bargains?
I used to play games when i was a kid, like Mousetrap and Chess and Stratego.. Connect 4..
1. Digital circulation is separated into two categories: replica and nonreplica.
My license expires next month and I still have not heard from the DMV. They found me to register my car and thanks to Governor Girlie Man my bill is a lot higher this year for the "privilege" of driving my car on the streets of California.
Star and I looked at the shooter. The shooter looked at Sal with a raised eyebrow. Time seemed to be suspended into infinity.
I thought I would share with you my first christmas card. I brought this stampendous stamp this morning and could not wait to get into my craft room and play.
The overlapping cities and the beaten down, paranoid police-state culture that comes with it are the real stars of the book and create a palpable noir feel. Of course, the construct invites clear parallels to our own society, whether it’s “unseeing” the homeless person you walk past everyday, or “unhearing” facts that disagree with your own political worldview, or having a population that’s willfully ignorant. These contemplations lingered with me long after I put the book down.
While fries are baking. Mix together guacamole, lemon juice, mayonnaise, and cilantro. Serve alongside spicy sweet potato fries.
The hearing in front of the House Judiciary Committee comes as nearly three quarters of Americans believe Zimmerman should be arrested, according to a CNN/ORC International poll.
Emmaus@Home
One of the pleasures of the internet is making connections with people who share your interest. Martin Phipps, a Canadian, whose path I would not otherwise have crossed, is one such: our mutual interest in Anthony Burgess led to some exchanges via Facebook and the Burgess forums, and made me keen to read his novel Rue des Mensonges. The book is published, as Martin's others have been, through Blurb, an innovative internet company offering authors the chance to self-publish and market their work. The result is, in effect, a bespoke copy of the book delivered to your door. I liked the quality of the paper and the binding, which I'd say was better than most mass-market paperbacks these days.
How does this work?
Other Details
Different intent
Even if an advisor is aware of the need to keep succession plans current, the business owners themselves may prevent the plans from being properly maintained. Pulled in many directions from the day-to-day responsibilities of running a business, it can be hard for these clients to make time to revisit their succession plans, and it can be easy for them to keep putting off time to meet with their advisor to discuss updates.
In three words: NOT GOOD ENOUGH (that's me yelling at myself not you.)
Pretenders Back on the Chain Gang UK
For editors who are not creative writers, doing these exercises may help them develop empathy for creative writers and their processes of composition.
I laughed so hard. The other present, I’ll have to show you that later. We’re waiting until her day off, so we can both see how it works, while we’re outside (or somewhere we can’t make a mess), so I’ll tell you about it then. But for now, my friends Donna and Rachel bought me a box of Lord of the Rings PEZ dispensers. The four short ones are Bilbo, Frodo, Samwise, and Gollum. And believe it or not, they even make Sam Gamgee look somewhat concerned, on his PEZ facial expression. Or maybe he just doesn’t like being a purveyor of PEZ.
HOWEVER I have some good news to report before I leave. Little sister (I call her Pupster) and I had a great day over last weekend. My last post took place after I had an emotional breakdown at my little cousin’s birthday party and the Pupster and I talked it out in the dark, outside in the cold. Yep, I am a mean big sis making her sit outside in the freezing cold while I broke down … Anyway, the next day we went to Coventry and hung out. I bought her lunch at the Winking Lizard and we poked around at a place called Big Fun. Big Fun is the place where all my childhood toys went to die! (LOL) We had ourselves a moderate, respectable amount of fun at Big Fun. It was nice to get out with the Pupster for a while.
the japanese group takes
It can be gobbled up immediately or stored in an airtight container up to 3 days. Their texture are great because they hold together perfectly to slice, yet are tender and tasty.
Mmmm, I can smell that pumpkin pie right now!
Thank you to everyone who left a comment about the HP Photosmart Wireless Printer! Here's the random winner.....
When you are on the move, be it for business or pleasure there are a few things which can ease the pain of waiting in a boring departure lounge, a hotel lobby or even a cold and windy station platform. We asked everyone here to send us their favourite apps, after many emails and deliberating we have managed to put together a list of our favourite 10. We hope you find something you like..
Nishi D: What advice do you have for aspiring Nerd Girls struggling to make it in a Nerd Boys’ and Non-Nerd Girls’ world?
It’s the anxiety that’s getting me. Sometimes I just can’t sit still, or can’t concentrate. It feels like something is wrong, but I can’t articulate it.
I combined oats, an egg white, almond milk and water with a scoop of pumpkin and 1 tbsp of chia seeds. 2 minutes in the microwave and topped it with almond butter.
A confrontation regarding bad behavior yields not that much. The only thing that’s gets his attention is to remove privileges. And that’s where you get a response. A huge ‘I’m a liar’ response:
Mark and Helen Mullins are thought to have killed themselves at their rundown home after being reduced to despair as they struggled to live off just £57.50 a week. The couple had suffered a series of health and benefit setbacks and had had their 12-year-old daughter taken into care.
What else do I have to lose? What is the worst that could happen? I could be reincarnated because I failed to escape the cycle of birth and death. For me, that would be the worst case scenario, but even then my karma would nudge me a bit higher. If I am wrong about where my soul will find its rest, and I merely drift about as a ghost in the wind, at least I will be free of this tiresome fleshy luggage that requires constant care. I could hover like a small cloud of love around my sons every day, twirling a dirt devil or two, whispering secrets into their ears, huddling in the warmth of their curly hair, or playing the wind chimes in the front of their homes.
so, okay...back in november, after our big thanksgiving dinner, someone mentioned that it would be great to have thanksgiving EVERY month. now, we at the hellhole do like eating so there was agreement all around about what a great idea this was. of course, there was a big holiday meal (or two) in december, but we somehow missed january.
Ink: Clearsnap (Pigment: teal, raven black)
That's alright, I thought, I've got a boxing class tonight.
Remember when CFL’s were rolled out? The big thing wasn’t the low energy use, it was the lifetime. But the strange thing is, I’ve replaced loads of them in the past few years. The promises of long life are now being rolled back. I heard a news piece on NPR recently saying that CFLs actually don’t like being turned on and then turned off. Apparently to get the long life you have to leave them on. Or leave them off.
﻿Before Accountable Kids, I would ask the kids to bring me their laundry baskets from their rooms and then I would sort, return the baskets and do the laundry. Now, they know exactly when it is laundry day. I bought these white foldable laundry baskets at Ikea for a dollar each. I set them out, they bring their baskets and sort their clothes out by color into the white hampers independently and all I have to do is take one hamper load and stick it all in the washer. When the laundry comes out, they help fold their clothes and put it away. Yes, I expected them to do this part before, but sometimes it happened and most of the time it didn't. Now that there is a card associated with it, it's a much more concrete expectation for them. They actually love doing it now and I never have to nag.
‘Make sure you wear clean underwear, in case you’re in an accident.’
Damn sneaky of him to answer a question with a question, particularly as my honest answer would have been “yes”. But it turned out the man was a Scientologist rather than a Communist. Not as dangerous but equally barmy.
oh, all of that and this – bonzo putting his giraffe in his "moby" to cuddle and love:
But beneficiaries were not the only ones to feel pain.
SANTORUM: I’ll be happy to give you the study. Five times the rate it has gone up. Why? Because people are ready to pay a cheaper fine and then be able to sign up to insurance, which are now guaranteed under “Romney-care,” than pay high cost insurance, which is what has happened as a result of “Romney-care.”
Take out insurance and get covered for medical healthcare when you are travelling in Central Europe. These expenses can be very high and not easily affordable. Make sure you cover as many places as you can when you opt for a holiday package.
It was easy, it worked perfectly.
Friday, September 19th
___________________
Who are the current members of Aquibird?
Did I get you signing that song? If you did, you're welcome! If you didn't then you're just a whippersnapper. Like my choice of words lately?!
Alone, penniless, homeless, she experienced a conversion and asked God to continue to take everything away from her. At the end of her life, with only her “pills” and her friend’s couch, she was among the happiest of people.
Many people are bothered by the sight of water sloshing off dirty road surfaces into sewers and contaminating our water supply. While we can’t exactly eliminate roadways, there are ways to replace impermeable surfaces on your property with permeable ones. Permeable surfaces help soak up water before it enters storm sewers. The water filters through the ground and is cleaned naturally by the earth before being dumped into Lake Ontario.
The recent blasphemous remarks made by President Zuma was a sneaky malicious mockery, directed towards Christians in this country. The ANC’s denial that blasphemy was intended is in fact a confirmation that his remarks were intended to be intimidating, and that Zuma is NOT a Christian, even though he professes to be one!
Background: Ongoing discussion regarding sperm. She is fascinated with biology but does not like talking about the “s” word.
HR 182 urges the USEPA to grant an emergency exemption for the use of Propoxur to control bed bugs. We need this product to solve the bedbug infestations that the citizens of Ohio are plagued with. The majority of Ohioans dealing with this problem cannot afford proper and safe treatments and this is affecting their quality of life. The cost of treatments can range anywhere from $250.00 - $1,000.00+ per service and often times can take 3-4 services. Additionally, the cost of subsidized housing is growing and I predict in the near future the financial burden of bed bug treatments alone will be an out of control. No one has projected these bedbug control costs into their budgets, nor can they continue to afford them.
The show runs 90 minutes with an intermission. Even though I didn't get to see it personally, I will trust the delight of my family and tell you that this one's a hit. Check to see if it's coming to a venue near you at http://sesamestreetlive.com/.
She used to be the most quiet laid back baby in the world, but is now a very loud toddler.
I finally got a chance to sit down and do some work in my journal for fun this last weekend. I forget how much I love it--I think I need to do another 30 day challenge, maybe in December, to get back into the habit.
“When you combine this with the recent spate of highly publicised large-scale redundancies at some of Australia’s largest employers, it doesn’t paint a very positive picture for jobseekers,” he added.
For a few days we thought Kaelyn was asking for an animal show when we would sit down to watch some television in the evening. Then I connected “eemols” show with her “eemols” book. Elmo. Not animals. I promptly set Sesame Street to record once a day, every day. While we tried hard not to push her towards Elmo or anything else for that matter, one of her youtube videos has ducks and Elmo. And she has always loved her lift-the-flaps Elmo book. Now she can watch Sesame Street after her nap while I’m making dinner. It is SO NICE. Except I miss what Sesame Street was when I was a kid. It is definitely not the same.
In this room
I'm so blessed!
Just because I decided to go to France during the week of Mother’s Day and my eldest sister’s 50th Birthday doesn’t stop my family from asking me to make them brunch. God forbid they would make their own brunch while I am gone….no, they just decided to wait until I got back.
Transfer to a plate. Serve with buttered toast and ketchup.
Audiences hated it, critics, even more, but when I watched it, I wasn’t bored; I wasn’t irked by the so called tastelessness, I wasn’t disappointed by the overall film either. Thinking of it, “Not a love story”, may have not explored what people were expecting. It wasn’t that brutal as well, but it wasn’t half as bad as Hindi cinema could possibly be, like the sheer absurdity that is thrown at us day after day, it was far more entertaining, realistic, stylish, thrilling and even slightly funny at times.
Two days later, I asked her to send me an invite.
To those of you who have been linking up, I've got a quick question. Do you like that the top three is decided by the number of clicks on the link? Or would you prefer something else? I feel bad for those of you who have linked up crazy-good projects later in the week and don't get a lot of clicks. Is that just the way the cookie crumbles, or is there a better way? If you've got a genius idea, let me know!
Carbonnade Flamande (Belgian Beef Stew)
Then on Sunday I putz around the house for most of the day and made some cookies. Bethenny Frankel's Oatmeal Banana Chocolate Chip cookies. I've made them a few times and they are just sooooo good! Also, healthy and filling! I also have come to the conclusion that all the cookies I make look like turds when photographed but they taste delicious! These are a must try!
SOUTH SALT LAKE - A thief made a fool of himself last weekend on surveillance cameras while trying to steal cash from a Salt Lake area convenience store, authorities said.
8) Found some sort of voodoo Watkins Pain spray. And my knees were bothering me so I thought I would give them a spray and see what happens. I justified it by thinking it would give me a platform to sell the stuff - by testimony. to my surprise and relief, it worked! very fast. Gotta find a place that sells it cheaper than the Bucket.
“Maybe all of this is not really for Aiden. Maybe all we’ve
India Immersion Program and Exchange programs
Exasperated, the friend asks, "Okay. Let's say our game goes late, the sun goes down, and you hit your ball into a sand trap. What are you going to do then?"
1 jigger rye (1 ounce)
334And ev'n my Abelard be lov'd no more.
1. The bartender is a blonde girl with a baseball bat.
The deadline is May 15. Poems submitted after May 15, 2012, will not be considered.
-Your changing table and being naked
-Swagger shoulder blocks Clay down at ringside.
*This argument ignores the grilled cheese with pulled pork that has become popular recently because that’s a grilled cheese first and the pork is not the central element as it is here.
I’m not sure about other cats, but Leia is so fussy when it comes to grooming! She plays with the brush and only sits a few seconds to be groomed. As well as this, she lays down on one side to play; so mainly only one side gets groomed!
Also, if you have any questions about the models or social businesses, feel free to leave questions in the comments section. Thanks!
I’m not someone who believes that Apple invented the smartphone or that the Earl of Sandwich invented bread and the same applies here; I know PayPal didn’t invent this technology, because the earliest version I saw of this was the Square. However, it’s the fact that PayPal has created such a universal integration of funds over the internet that a smartphone credit payment accessory is brilliant. With this sort of technology, it seems to me that there really is no reason to have cash-only restaurants. Of course this is only for credit cards at the moment, but it is without a doubt another big step in the direction of eliminating the need for cash.
I am praying for Phoebe Prince and those kids who are going to pay for her death...whether they go to jail or not.
