This week, event though it is only tuesday, has been hard. Possibly one of the hardest two days yet. I have had about 2 break down and a little over 5 hours of sleep. My Panama money was due Monday. I woke up monday morning being about $500 short. I did not know what to do. I remember just sitting in my bed thinking about what to do, what to say, and who to talk to, I continued to repeat, “I don’t know what to do. I don’t know what to do.” I truly did not know what to do. I did not want to call the missions organization and say I could not go, but at the same time I did not have the money to afford the trip. It was definitely a moment of weakness and confusion. I truly did not understand that if it was my purpose to go on this trip why was it so difficult to come up with the money.
Well, no one told me about her—how many people cried
Used Basic Grey Olivia for this layout of me and DD Julia. She's really very sweet and loves giving us hugs and kisses!
- 6 pieces of long pickled daikon (sold in packages in the refrigerated section at asian markets)
Gone fast.
It appears that Leeds Planning have little concern about the heritage and wellbeing of residents in our area, and the list above only proves the point, that once land is on a list with the Planning Department, you have to get it off as soon as you can. A lesson also learnt from Derry Hill, Menston.
"To the person of the monarch?"
State regulators on Wednesday gave the official blessing to the tiny, 1-barrel brewery, following a 20-minute inspection of Flounder Brewing's facility located in a Hillsborough (Somerset County) business park. The Division of Alcoholic Beverage Control's approval raised the tally of licensed craft breweries in New Jersey to just shy of two dozen. (Flounder is the first licensee of 2012; more brewery projects are pending before ABC.)
What You Think That The World Owes You
The OXO Salad Spinner is so easy to use! You simple rinse your greens/berries, put on the lid, pump the center button a few times, Push the brake to stop it and you are ready to go! I was impressed with the amount of water that it got off of my lettuce (click the picture above for a larger view) The lettuce stated fresh and crisp in the storage container for at least 48 hours (that is when I used the rest of what I had rinsed). The convenience of having fresh rinsed berries and lettuce help make it easier to make better eating choices by having the preparation already done.
Mid March and I am doing better, that last fill has helped, and I am slowly getting back down, was 10.0.4 this morning (Nearly under ten stone!!!)
(ii) Write merits and demerits of DM.
1/2 c cooked black beans
1) What have you done to your hair?
Graske's Corner:
If your muscles tighten up, it can cause lots of pain and result in a loss of flexibility, this is why it is so important to stretch in whatever way you like best (or multiple ways). Being inflexible can cause joint pain, muscle pain, poor posture, injuries and the list goes on and on.
2. In the meantime, drizzle a good knob of olive oil in a pan and bring to medium heat. Add in your garlic and onions and cook, stirring occasionally, until onions are translucent and garlic is starting to brown.
Filing this away for some day in the future. Hopefully in this imaginary future I'll find something like this on Overstock for a whole lot less! $1,050 is A LOT of massages afterall :)
I really do not want to sound cliché. Nigerian movies to say the least are tedious and unending. The plots of all movies are basically the same and I suspect they have one national script writer, much like our very own Naomi Kamau who came up with the once brilliant likes of Tahidi High and Mother in Law. It unnerves me that every sentence for some reason has to start and end with “oh”, more or less like Kenyan TV anchors tend to think every sentence in an interview has to start with “now”. They have badly choreographed cinematography which involves the all too familiar scene where the killer begs for permission to kill his victim beforehand just before you hear “Afro-Cinema continues shortly”. On the plus side they do have impressive 4D effects; Disturbing, Disgusting, Depressing and Disappointing.
They’re intoxicated with the inconsequential.
that I'm scrambling to put together today!
I love advice columns. I began reading Ann Landers, when it was Ann Landers, at an early age following in the footsteps of my mother. She often put the paper down in the morning and exclaimed, "I just love that Ann Landers." This being the only words she had spoken to me after, "Get up!" No, I'm just kidding, she was a morning person. I was not. Later, I read Carolyn Hax's Tell Me About It column in the Washington Post when it first came out. I returned to reading her column and the fake Dear Abby column (I'm not saying they are not good, I'm just saying they are not Abby. I always preferred Ann, I will say) in the Philadelphia Inquirer when The New York Times wanted to charge me to read the paper online.
He patted my hand and I tried to walk back to my car like a normal person. I waved and went on with my route, feeling like we had shared something holy.
On one level, you have to have a grudging respect for these tax renegades. They’re winning a game of chicken with a city that just blinks instead of taking any action. A city government who allows hundreds of millions of dollars to evade the city’s coffers may be the real miscreants. Maybe if we shamed THEM publicly, they might do their jobs…
But there are also practical concerns for this. You see, the damper pedal removes the all dampers from all the strings, so the sound does not stop, even when a pianist removes the pressure on a key. So you can play an entire sequence of notes while holding the pedal down, and the notes will all fall in a blur, without separation. You could even close the lid, and the sound would continue to resonate. The problem with this is that in four-part counterpoint, four melodies sing at the same time, and small, detailed articulations help distinguish one voice from the other. With pedal, these articulations are lost.
The palate is all lemon. I can't describe this any better than a 'Fat' palate, it has weight in it that's not expected, probably due to the creamy background and the fact that lemon is not a flavour that I'd associate with fatness.
wonderful thing about this trend is that you can never be over-saturated in it! Meaning, head to toe pastel is perfectly acceptable, in fact, extremely tres chic. But for those of you needing to take it much slower, here are some simple steps on how to get on this trend without having
I don’t know what my deal is, but I am in a major funk. I have a marathon in ONE week, and I’m not excited. At all. Now, don’t get me wrong…I cannot wait to see my college friends, but the running part? I dunno…I’ve just felt so uninspired lately. Maybe it’s the fatigue and stress from working nights. Maybe it’s the fear, rational or not, of further injuring my heel. Maybe I’m just burnt out form always expecting perfection out of myself…
I thought it would be fun to take you along on my shopping adventures.
Any profits from the debates and from the two-hour Malcolm Hardee Awards show on Friday 26th August will certainly go to her Mama Biashara charity.
Now I am thinking about other words that I read earlier today.
-You can find and learn about anything there.
Q: Expand, please, on these sentences from an interview with you: Accident or not, Lehane has kept a firm hand on the professional aspects of his writing as well as the creative, understanding as he does the reverberations that a small thing can have on an entire career. "Where you enter the ladder," says Lehane in relation to a writing career, "I think, indicates how far you're going up it."
and i cannot tell you how refreshing it is,
So I discovered that you can add a second blog roll as a separate gadget. So the Blogs I follow are now listed alphabetically in 2 different Blog Rolls. I did not want to slight anyone. However, if you Blog is dormant for several months, I will still follow you but delete it from my Blog Roll .
sort of. i mean, he is, but it's still about a 97/3 split. 97% being the amount of time he prefers to crawl...but he was going at it like a wild man last night....and then, he got so excited he couldn't fall asleep, slept like hell all night long and, well, i've been up since 4am fighting off angry voices in my head and some very scary thoughts that i haven't heard heads nor tails from since i started the crazy pills. not an old friend i missed, i can say that for sure...so i've got some phonecalls to make. right now i just feel like i have sand under my eyelids and that quesy feeling in the pit of my stomach. that feeling born of insufficient sleep and oversufficient stress. he's really, really cute and i sure do love him but holy SHIZZNIT, that kid could use some sleeping lessons.
(Don’t tell anybody that God might be a Black woman who looks like Betty Boop)
I would also like to put in a word for my *Green* credentials: I wore those black reading glasses for four years. I stood on them when I was a bit over refreshed a couple of weeks ago. I am pleased to recycle. That is all.
Of course, I had to look up the game on the ticket stub. It was a 3-1 victory by the Dodgers, and Loney was the star of the show! He went 2-for-3 with 2 RBIs and hit a home run in the seventh inning.
I rather think we are :)
The lovely ladies at Stampin' Sisters in Christ have challenged us this week to make a card that truly represents our style and shows them who we really are. At first I was a little puzzled by this challenge. After all, when it comes to crafting, I enjoy many styles. I like the cute and cuddly, but I also like elegant with touches of vintage and shabby chic. I wasn't sure how to put all that into one card. But when I started to think about representing who I am, not just how I craft, my card came together easily.
But now I have these knobby nodes,
Phew. (again) So grateful.
Mfundo Dlungwane: “We have no choice but to kill the white babies, simply because they are goin to grow and oppress our babies, so we kill the white babies. When the rite time comes we’ll chop their heads off and they became headless little racist. ‘in the bible it says the sins of the fathers will fall onto the next generation,” we’’ ll be not only liberating what belongs to us, but also fulfilling prophecy, you know what I’m sayin…’
I regularly enter, as I take lots of photos to illustrate my articles in TIM, so I eagerly turned to the photos comp pages and yes - there was one of mine of nesting storks taken in Sebes and Flix Wildlife Nature Reserve (TIM May 2011)
Registering in blog catalogs is a great way to get exposure. I registered in: Blog Top Sites, World Blog Connection, Superblog Directory, Blogs by Women, Top Blogs and others. I recently registered with MyBlogLog and am looking forward to becoming involved with this social network. Social networking I am told is the newest thing and a great way to connect with other bloggers.
About a year ago, there was a phenomenon on the tube. Almost everyone was reading One Day by David Nicholls. There were articles everywhere about how the book was popular with both men and women- it seems everyone was talking about it. Now, I'm not one to buck trends, but I wasn't keen on reading it when everyone else was and so decided to put it off until a bit later.
-Dundurrabin/Nymboida
Ley Firewalker
Private cities are happening now for a reason. Africa, India, and China are urbanizing more rapidly than has ever occurred in human history. In Africa, the number of urban dwellers is projected to increase by nearly 400 million, in India at least 250 million will move to cities and in China more than 400 million will move to cities in just the next 20 years. Not all of these people will move to older cities, which are not always in the right places and which rarely possess anything like the right material let alone the right political infrastructure. The rising middle-class want to live in first-world cities and in many of these countries only the private sector can deliver those cities.
Andy: I was concerned.
2 1/2 ounces cheddar cheese, cut into 1/8" cubes
Prime Minister Netanyahu then addressed his late father, saying: “Years before Herzl’s predictions were realized you understood that he was right. When you were 27 you wrote that Herzl saw the catastrophe and the looming destruction of the nation. You wrote that a few years before the Second World War and the Holocaust.
This is just a small sampling of the great web apps I’m seeing coming out of the music industry. Trust me, when we launch the Mozilla Marketplace there will be a ton more, a music lovers paradise.
But with so many choices
or the seasons as they change.
This is sheer McCarthyism. Littlewood is being targeted purely because his views diverge from those of the anti-smoking lobby. No dissenting voice can be heard. Liberals must be purged from civil society.
Your memories are a part of me
Away from the routine of snow into Islam's rebellion,
Cesson-Svign 35510
Hehehe Ill spare you the details because Im sure you have similar stories too. Ive had several monogamous rewarding relationships that were destroyed in under 5 minutes. The reason? I was violently acused of not being trustworthy. Absolutely bunk..... but.....there it was.
The Path Planning Tool implemented with several Open Source programs and different language libraries.
The cops took his handgun when he was passed out behind the wheel
Lynyrd Skynyrd
Frog Hollow Farm: Farmer Al has been keeping Frog Hollow Farm organic for over 20 years! These practices plus farmer Al’s ideals of “quality not quantity” are a recipe for delicious tree-ripe fruit featured at the top restaurants, retail stores and farmer’s markets in the Bay Area. His wife will prepare a memorable meal sourced from the farm. There will be peaches, plums, apricots, pluots, nectarines, pastries and olive oil for purchase.
Next week I propose to look just once more at class headings and the approach to them in OHIM’s Convergence Programme, and then leave to stage to others - unless we have been overtaken by the Court! The Court’s judicial calendar, showing hearing appointments about a month ahead, can be found here.
Dear Honeybear, We had a fabulous conversation last night that lasted for an hour and included us each asking for the other's forgiveness at least three times. Your grace amazes me constantly.
Jim is my husband and while he was in medical school I began emailing him stories of our kids for him to read when he had a minute or two knowing he was missing out on these “priceless” moments. It may have also have been to explain my future trip to the nut house that I didn’t realize was an unobtainable goal.
Historical evidence confirming that the islands of Abu Musa, Lesser Tunb and Greater Tunb have always been an inseparable part of Iran’s soil is so abundant and plentiful that takes several research projects and scholarly articles to be cited. Historical documents including hundreds of precious ancient maps kept in the world museum give proof to the fact that the triple islands of Persian Gulf constitute the southernmost parts of Iran and that the claims of Emirati officials are unfounded, illegitimate and baseless. However, what is unfortunate and regrettable is that the UAE officials and statesmen from other Arab countries have all joined an ill-fated anti-Iranian scenario which bears no fruit and only costs them the friendship of a committed and faithful ally.
The article quotes the managing director of JW Suckling saying ‘I don’t really know what this strike is about as we have agreed our standards with the union’. Well, since the workers in his business voted overwhelming against any industrial action, he can rest easy. There will not be a strike or any other industrial action in his business. I hope the Mail made that clear to him!
A 10" x 12" canvas...A mixture of designer decorative papers, acrylic paints, Caran d'Ache water soluble wax crayons, watercolours, ink pens, .....
Grudem’s conclusions could better be described as the typical evangelical default position. The reader really needs to be aware of the very real problem of confirmation bias. Grudem does not make a special effort to explain his positions to those who would disagree with his premises. Instead, he writes directly to an audience that already agrees with him. I even got the impression that many of his points were being read back into the text instead of coming from a biblical perspective. This is a dangerous method in developing a political worldview that most people won’t notice as long as they agree with them. In this way, I cannot stress enough how destructive this is in creating a sound, theological worldview.
As promised, today's post is a round up of our family goings on over the last couple of weeks.
Jesus: Learn to practice every day and not get discouraged. Learn from the artists who admire and study them, copy them, just for practice.
Our remarkable growth shows no signs of ceasing, so we seek 25 new member-owners to join Black Star Co-op at this Beer Social. All new Charter Members joining at the Beer Social will receive a free pint glass, and if you can't make it to the event, become a member-owner at:
Yes, for sure! I LOVED participating in this read-along (even though I couldn't for a few weeks in between), and I'm definitely planning on participating more if I can. I had a blast finding out what other people thought of the same questions that I did, and there are some hilarious people out there!
These blob critters I have shown you are great projects that you can have a little one help you with. If you don't want kids using your markers, try this same thing with a set of watercolors. It's the outline that really makes the colored area pop off the page, so after they paint their blob go around the outlines with a nice pen (watercolors won't mess up a multiliner).
Minnebar rocks! One fun Saturday at Best Buy Headquarters:
1934-36 Batter-Up #138 Billy Herman
Jeremy says he proposed to Melissa in the brewhouse of Dogfish Head's brewpub in Rehoboth Beach, Delaware, after coming up with a romantic scheme (via the Dogfish Head 360º Experience) that reached all the way up to owner Sam Calagione, who gifted the couple beers from his private stash (Worldwide Stout from 2002 and 2006, 120 Minute IPA from '06, Burton Baton from '05, and a 750 milliliter bottle-conditioned 90 Minute IPA)
the moment where i
With it’s enchanted key
Hugs;
For this little individual who is, and always will be, my daughter. My Vikinga babe and her three 21s.
So we have a batch of Pinot looking good, and a second batch of Figrigio to speculate about.
I had about half a day of just being downright lazy. A nap in the middle of the day? That’s just crazy talk!!
Self awareness is always the first step in improving yourself.
While Google is the current reigning king of search engines, the report does highlight that many Internet searchers are “anxious about the collection of personal information by search engines and other websites and they do not like the idea of personalized search results… .”
I climbed the highest mountain
-Check if cooked,add the coarsely ground coconut mix and salt.Cook again for 5mins.
She’d closed her eyes whilst trying to relax herself, but they snapped open at the mention of her name.
The sentiment says: And the came where the risk it took to stay tight inside the bud was more painful than the risk it took to blossom - Anais Nin.
Give me all your Luvin’ (LMFAO Remix – ft. Nicki Minaj and LMFAO)
The petitioner said that the bidding committee observed that the Taj limited stood disqualified for not submitting necessary documents whereas it held that the petitioner complied with all conditions but bid amount was low.
Dollop the top of the tart with the whipped cream, spreading to the edges with an offset spatula, and dot the top with smaller whole strawberries. Refrigerate until ready to serve.
1. Choose your waistband wisely. For non-elastic waistbands, look for ones that are wide (let's say an inch or more) and that rest on the hips rather than constricting your natural waist. You can always artificially create a high-waisted look with a wide belt, which I'll discuss later in this series. For elastic waistbands, test the elastic to make sure it's nice and stretchy, and that it still has plenty of give even when you have the skirt on.
Three readers (yes, three sad readers) of the Northampton Herald and Post complained that it was offensive.
When learning math, a student must engage their full attention to the instruction. All it takes is for a student to daydream for a just few minutes and the whole week's key points can be lost to the learner. Not so with other subjects like reading and writing. A student can get away with occasional daydreaming in those subjects and still grasp the week's main point. Students can't get away with that in math. Having an absent mind for just a few minutes in math can produce poor results on tests. Making a dumb mistake on a test in reading does not produce an "F" like it does in math.
While Malick is clearly a spiritual-minded man and, by some accounts, a Christian, his version of the beginning of life adheres to the big bang theory and our scientific understanding of our origins. Stars and quasars give way to supernovas and the explosive formation of solar systems; our world forms a life-sustaining atmosphere; single- and multi-celled organisms evolve into early aquatic life, which eventually slithers out of the sea. This is all familiar to us, but the film does an amazing job of reminding us how wondrous and mysterious our existence is – my favorite shot is the strange sight of curlicues of DNA strands wriggling their way towards organization, a freaky reminder that even the smallest part of each of us has a lust for life. Special effects legend Douglas Trumbull came out of semi-retirement to supervise the creation sequence (largely without the use of CGI), and as with Trumbull’s work on films like 2001, Close Encounters of the Third Kind and Blade Runner, The Tree of Life reminds us how exciting it is when visual effects are used not just for empty spectacle but to illustrate truly great and awe-inspiring ideas. Whether you believe in God or not, just to contemplate the beautiful origins of our existence for twenty minutes or so is a humbling experience and a reminder of cinema’s rare capability of serving as a form of meditation.
It makes for uncomfortable reading at times. This was a time when segregation was still very much a reality – and in fact the expected norm – in certain states. Black people could not use many of the cafes and public toilets which white people used, and always sat at the back when using public transport. What is equally disturbing is the contempt with which strangers treat people on the sole basis of the colour of their skin. In one incident for example, a bus stops for ten minutes and while all the white people are let off to use the bathroom, the black people are prevented from getting off, seemingly for no reason other than to make them uncomfortable and to show that they are considered second class citizens.
2 conceal
* William Burroughs: drug addict, total weirdo, shot and killed his wife. ("But it was an accident!")
Spring is an amazing time to hike. One of the first things we saw was baby lubber grasshoppers – they grow though 7 stages before becoming adults! I was nice to see them so tiny. There were many spring flowers in bloom and all the trees were starting to bud. There were even a few new mushrooms on the trail!
The 1 Thing You Need To Be A More Effective Recruiter
“My fellow Americans,” he said, speaking against a backdrop of armored military vehicles and an American flag, “we’ve traveled through more than a decade under the dark cloud of war. Yet here, in the pre-dawn darkness of Afghanistan, we can see the light of new day on the horizon.”
And there is Sunset… light may disappear for a little while, but it will always come back to you to lit your life just like Sunrise.
3. Sacrifice a bull on a full moon. What a happy coincidence! I do this anyway. Well, I say that “I” do it, but that’s not entirely true. I get my cult to help me, too.
Today I will stay at home with two sick little girls, and crafting is on the agenda next. I think we will start making Easter decorations already, as I got some really nice colorful feathers yesterday. We'll see how it turns out. Have a great day everybody!
Despite these relentless Govt attacks on legitimate consumers and small industries, I am heartened to see that at least some business groups are waking up and and have told the British Govt that it is acting illegally in the theft of legal trade marks
I have always felt that there are two types of Australians -
When Sgt. Bales shot those Afghans to death last month, all of the focus in the media was on him-his life, his stress, his PTSD, the mortgage on his home-as if he was the victim. Very little sympathy was expressed for the people he actually killed, as if they’re not real, they’re not humans. Unfortunately, this mentality trickles down to everyone in society, whether or not they realize it. Even with my lawyers, it took nearly two years of discussing, explaining, and clarifying before they were finally able to think outside the box and at least ostensibly accept the logic in what I was saying. Two years! If it took that long for people so intelligent, whose job it is to defend me, to de-program themselves, then to throw me in front of a randomly selected jury under the premise that they’re my “impartial peers,” I mean, come on. I wasn’t tried before a jury of my peers because with the mentality gripping America today, I have no peers. Counting on this fact, the government prosecuted me – not because they needed to, but simply because they could.
No, I didn't beat him. He was trying to run "super speed" on the treadmill and it didn't work. I've told him, and told him, and told him. But what do I know?! I'm just the mom.
The Film Chest/Cultra release is remastered in HD, and comes in a Blu-Ray + DVD combo pack. The picture looks phenomenal considering the age and pedigree of the movie, and should be enjoyed by purveyors of fine cheese everywhere.
Dan Jurgens
He is such a sweet boy, but this little incident made me realize what we are up against. Toddlers, they want to bend the very fabric of the universe to fit their will. No wonder we find them exhausting.
Wha-what?
Then we ordered our 1st bottle of wine .....
First let me go back over a power node. The way I see it and understand it is very much like walking to a certain point within a month and you step on this button. The button, since I have been seeing them (Sept 2011) have always shown itself as 23. Even up until now I assumed (ohh that pesky mind) was associated with the date within a month. But really it isn’t. It is a combined energy that only you can set in motion for yourself. A gift unto yourself to take you to the next level… or the next vibrational frequency. If you never do anything differently… you’ll never hit a power node.
'Bye Daddy'.
Scientific American reports that:
02/08/2012 SELL 0.01 cadjpy 77.562
Sometimes I feel like there is no space to breathe
3. Move to Nimbin. Nimbin is the capital of the Western World. If the Western World was confined to the area immediately surrounding Nimbin. The town is famous for hippies, long-haired people and halluicongenic plants. Nimbin would be the capital of the Hippy Empire if hippies went for that sort of thing. They don’t, but I’m just saying if they did it would be. I’m not sure you understand the gravity of this. WHEE!
“You know we could not achieve that though there was an increase in the pump price. I don’t want this thing to be distributed; it will give a wrong impression.
2) OPEN AN ETRADE ACCOUNT. From this account you can transfer money online to any number of accounts, including to the one connected to your current bank’s ATM debit card. DO NOT connect this Etrade account to an ATM debit card.
Mom helped me set up a dry run for my craft show booth in my living room and boy, am I glad we did! We found lots of things that didn't work just quite right. For example, I planned on hanging all my hand painted signs on shutters so people could see them. It worked fine until I hung one that was a little heavier and then the shutters closed on us, sending everything to the floor ... oops! We worked it out by nailing the shutters in place. That would have been a disaster! We also found that even with plenty of my hand painted furniture, we still didn't have enough table top space for all my jewelry boxes, so I'll be bringing one of my end tables. I'm still working on it, but my Mom was a lot of help and so was Dad, as he got one of the vanity drawers unstuck!
Chesir-Teran, a former attorney who entered the seminary at the age of 36, recalled one meeting that he, Weininger and Nevins had in New York with Rabbi Einat Ramon, then dean of Machon Schechter’s Rabbinical School. Upon being assured gay students would be treated equally when they came to Schechter, Chesir-Teran said he told Ramon, “I’m assuming that means we’re going to be allowed to lead services and read from the Torah like everyone else,” Her answer, he recalled, was, “I don’t know. I have to get back to you.”
Can any actor working today be sexier than Michael Kitchen? I first became aware of him in 1992's Enchanted April, an unusually piquant bit of fluff, in which he played a small role, that of George Briggs, the owner of a "small mediaeval Italian castle on the shores of the Mediterranean to be let furnished for the month of April." We see him with an oboe reed held, apparently forgotten, between his lips; disheveled and squinting (his character has poor vision), he speaks little and with an almost eccentrically abstracted air. And yet within that fog of abstraction burns a fine, rare ember.
Every so often the balance of power within a polity changes.
If you care to look at the videos, or the stories that you read of people fighting back against the system, it's overwhelmingly older people doing it. The younger generations simply don't care. Now, I know that there are movements like anonymous and reclaim the streets etc, but they're controlled opposition. More so, while the minority of youngsters may believe they are fighting against the NWO, they are in fact implementing their wishes by promoting globalism, multiculturalism, New Age religions, homosexuality etc. and happily destroying culture, traditions, religious beliefs and morality bringing in a world of relative belief.
I love this treble clef it goes with the music paper so well.
I did a lot of 'fussy cutting' for this card, but I like the
I think it's really easy to get caught up in the mindset of rigid categorization. The mind works this way in order to make efficient definitions, thereby making the world easier to understand. There is comfort in this, but there is a consequent risk of creating a narrow perspective. We all know those people who have been in tango for a while and staunchly promote what they think is "real" and what is "right" and what is "good"--and what is not. Maybe we are one of those people. I'm sure it's the subject of a large proportion of the sideline murmurings at milongas. I myself am guilty of this at times. It makes for stimulating conversation, even if only to hear yourself toot your own horn. But I'm finding at this stage of the game for me I am getting more and more open to different means of expression, which has always been a philosophy I have valued but have not always been able to truly adhere to. I think part of it's because when you have a specific conception of a goal, it seems easier to get to that goal if you devalue all the other possible goals. And also, it's comforting to be convinced that the goal you have chosen is the one with the greatest value.
7. The body
Luke 1:69
Now we are ready to understand the profound meaning of Jesus calling His mother “woman” at the wedding feast of Cana. Highlighting how this scene takes place on the seventh day of the new creation week, John’s Gospel leads us to view Jesus and Mary in light of the creation story. And in this context, Jesus calls Mary “woman.” With the Genesis themes in the background, this title would bring to mind the “woman” of Genesis, Eve (Gen. 2:23; 3:20).
Baha’u'llah, references His own mission in this process. “The world’s equilibrium hath been upset through the vibrating influence of this most great, this new World Order. Mankind’s ordered life hath been revolutionized through the agency of this unique, this wondrous System — the like of which mortal eyes have never witnessed.
This leave in conditioner is in a spray bottle- formulated with Macadamia oil, panthenol, and jojoba oil. It sound all great and wonderful- but I don’t need it. How many hair treatments does Luxebox need to send me?! I have too many products now I don’t know what to use!
They tumble blindly as they make their way across the universe
“Don’t worry,” he said, “I won’t tell anyone about this.”
Makes the piece feel so much older then it really is.
When they are completely cool, turn out onto a rack, peel away the foil and invert onto a cutting board. Cut into 16 2 inch squares.
sponsored by Council Member Letitia James; NYC Community Cleanup; the Crown Heights Mediation Center; The Prospect Heights Street Tree Task Force; and the Executive Director of IKOKO
Ink - Memento Black, PTI Simply Chartreuse, PTI Classic Kraft and PTI Pure Poppy
Have You Seen Me Lately?
show details 12/12/09
my mind turns to
To enter the giveaway you have to be a follower of this blog and leave a comment to this post with your email and your GFC username. I will choose the winner with random.org
I am spacey.
But then, something changed in Barbara. It was as if the arrival of the apocalypse had awakened some dormant, assertive part of her personality. When former neighbor Frank Whitley — dropped dead at the age of 31 by a cerebral hemorrhage — punched through the front door of their condo raving and drooling and clutching the bloody stump of an arm he’d acquired from God-knows-where, it was Barbara who sprang into action, collapsing the top of his skull with a cast iron skillet. And when Jacquelyn Johnson — breast cancer — managed to claw her way past the davenport barricading the entrance to the living room, it was Barbara who took off the remaining half of her face with a fireplace poker. And when Dale’s best friend, Artie Martin — heart attack followed by a car wreck followed by a car explosion — finally managed to smash through the chest-of-drawers and invade their bedroom — something Dale suspected he’d been trying to do for years — it was Barbara who pelted him with the bowling ball Dale kept tucked in the top of their closet.
A little later he became Chairman himself and after 10 years of being at the helm and ploughing roughly £70m of his personal wealth into Forest he has decided to step aside, acknowledging that he made a big mistake in the hasty appointment of Steve McClaren as manager and feeling obliged to fall on his sword.
Share socially, then comment here for each time you share (1 comment = 1 chance).
She does for me, yeah!
I've got some bracelets made up in different fibres that I've been using (all Kumihimo) and I started another mill hill kit (mailbox with bird) but I keep forgetting to take pictures! Sorry I will see if I can remember later this week.
There's another good example of this in the background. Where the background skyscraper overlaps the skyscraper behind it in the distance, he left little blank "cushions" of white like a halo around the foreground skyscraper, so he wouldn't be creating a complicated area of detail right next to another. The little blank areas create a little breathing room between the two areas of detail.
-Japanese drinks
Building a great business means that you should not only chase new orders but also stick close to the purpose and indeed “what you are in service of…..”
For over 18 months.
I love the graphic printables that are so hot right now and so I decided to make some of my own. (In a Valentine's theme, of course.) I gathered up a few small frames from the Goodwill and planned on painting them white.
This past weekend, Chef and I went to his friend’s wedding. I told you guys I was a little nervous about going to my first wedding since I cancelled mine, but it was fine. Once the ceremony was over and I was able to partake in the open bar, I was all good.
The Hair of the Dog Tasting Room is always a treat. It has a large, airy, semi-industrial yet pleasant decor, with very friendly staff and a comfortable atmosphere. Seven HOTD brews were on tap. They were offering a sampler of four (Greg, Blue Dot, Fred, and Adam) for $7. Bottle of earlier vintages were available for consumption on premises only (e.g., first vintage of Adam (’94) for $75). This place is a must for beer lovers in Portland. Some of the very best beers in town made by one of the finest brewers around.
1. Groove A Little- Taken from the last T.Rex album, this song isn’t really about anything, I don’t think, but it sure is groovy!
Apparently, assessing the power of social media takes, well…it takes a village filled with tech addicts and computer displays of real-time data that surely must have been used a year ago in the War Room of The White House when everyone monitored the Navy Seals arrival at Osama Bin Laden’s door in Abbottabad, Pakistan.
½ teaspoon basil
There is further evidence that we will not be on earth with the Lord in His earthly Kingdom for we read in Philippians 3:20-21,
4 cups fresh cranberries (2 small bags)
But that’s precisely where the quote becomes a straw man. Because no one is believing that there’s fairies at the bottom of the garden. Well, no one who believes there is a God. We’re not saying there’s fairies at the bottom of the garden. Fictional, mythological creatures that have no connection to the image of a garden except for the link they have to the fantasy of fairies themselves.
"Today I lost my best friend, the world has lost the best guy and bass player to ever live," wrote Crooper.
Mine has been pretty quiet so far, seems to be the story of my life nowadays and it's really cramping my style not being able to walk far, but I have started the ball rolling to get some sort of lightweight scooter and might even share a picture shortly.
I didn't write much during college. I didn't have a piano at my disposal and hadn't yet learned how to play guitar. Majoring in music made music something I had to do...not something fun to do. And I found other ways to occupy my free time that didn't lead to anything constructive at all.
I feel it.
I still would like to keep a media library "Check-Out" checklist, I will be sure to let you know as I do!
There was a mouse plague on our base in Afghanistan. They scuttled under the shipping containers where we lived and worked. They nibbled the best bits of our food packages from home, they ran across our bunks while we slept, and they carried rabies. Scary, foaming rabies.
Weather, earthquakes, and travel:
Trail mix
He said: “Some of TV’s funniest and most charming are utter pond-scum, whereas many of the more obnoxious, grumpy, outrageous, aggressive, and tough-nut celebs are actually cuddly, sweet, and rather charming behind their rough-cast exteriors. This experience led me to suspect that there was a distinct corollary to be learned – i.e. the nicer they are on-screen, the bigger a bastard they are off-screen and vice-versa.”
Who wanted to silence Sam, and why? The truth turns out to be worse than anyone expected…
“God is Love,” and He has manifested Himself to us by sending “His only Son into the world, so that we might live through Him” (1 John 4:9, 16). By the ministry of the Gospel, “He has given us of His Spirit,” so that we also believe and confess “that Jesus Christ has come in the flesh.” In this way we “abide in Him and He in us,” and we “love one another” (1 John 4:2, 7, 13). Such divine love is exemplified in Philip’s preaching of “the good news about Jesus” to the Ethiopian eunuch. And when “they came to some water,” the eunuch was baptized into the very Gospel that Philip had preached (Acts 8:35–38). That Ethiopian was thereby grafted into “the true Vine,” Jesus Christ (John 15:1), just as we are. Already we are clean because of the Word that Christ has spoken to us and by the washing of water with His Word. We now abide in Him by faith in His forgiveness. As He abides in us, both body and soul, with His own Body and His Blood, He “bears much fruit” in us (John 15:3–5).
I’m inclined to see the National party’s plan to work-test sole parents as a good thing. We’ve been told a number of times that National has comprehensive policies prepared, and that it will release them during the election campaign. We know it’s not really a matter of money – after all, the policy will only save the government about $20million each year, so I’m guessing that the point of the policy is one about the value of working and supporting yourself and your dependents. I’m going to assume that given that the policy is about ideas rather than the money, National has some comprehensive policies that will need to be in place to make this particular policy work.
What else did I want to write? I am almost done with the draft, editing the first draft, I've done vomiting the first draft, I keep on emailing Hedi at Semiotext(e) to ask for Semiotext(e) books! He's sending me this one! Bad of me. I can't help but want free books. Also I want this book from Essay Press! Has anyone read it?
The constant shining sun
Second week, I lost weight, just not as much as the first week. Or maybe I just read the scale wrong the first week. But there was definitely weight loss. Fine.
It started in my teens, when I began battling pimples. Since then I have tested practically every facial cleanser on the market.
A woman said to me, "I’m ‘strong’ enough to take anything that comes along."
I am back.
Li Shan, 47 from Shanghai agreed. “I took the day off from my accounting job to fully immerse myself in the moment. I mean, this supposedly significant number only happens every hundred years or something. It’s bigger than the eclipse of the sun, or even the near-miss of some potentially harmful comet! But what the hell, man. My poop this morning was more eventful.”
Jenny is talented, funny, and a mom. Her blog evokes discussion because of her choice of metaphor. To dismiss her as a potty mouth is crazy, because this little mama has decor chops and a keen eye and a penetrating social voice.
For those interested in creeping sharia through finance, check out one of our blogroll links to a site called Money Jihad. Great name, and great info on their site, including the post below you may have missed in the MSM:
Outfit shown above:
9. Suicide River 04:02
I've always drawn, since I was a little boy and that love of drawing and creating translated very nicely into the business plan of Hero&Cape. The clothing aspect of it just came from the desire to offer something that was different to the high street offerings. So often you'll see people wearing the same things and I thought, there must be something that I can do in order to offer something different and unique.
In a nutshell, this adorable, smart, inventive, sweet 9-year old made himself a cardboard arcade in his dad's auto parts shop in East Los Angeles/Boyle Heights. Filmmaker Nirvan Mullick happened by, was his first customer and decided to make a film...and set up a flashmob of Angelenos to play at his arcade. Watch this film to see how it all turned out!
Shamrocks at your doorway
Very nice. Spot on for a Czech, and a very light and drinkable beer. Every time I run across one of these I'm reminded that you don't have to be one of those asshats at Stone or Victory to make great beers. And although this is an unlikely one, it's still very good.
So, again I end with a quote that suits my post...
Since I am still experimenting with my writing to find my ideal readership, here's a quick review of my published books in suggested reading age order that might help if you are coming to them fresh, or have read some of my older titles and are wondering if you'll enjoy my new one.
Third, offer the highest possible purchase price the first time. Save yourself and your agent headaches by overthinking. What are you willing to pay for the property? Do not think about what others may do-this is going to be your home or investment and you need to feel and be comfortable with the numbers. Be willing to say, I gave it my best shot and this one did not work or yeah! this one did work and move forward. Take a look at what has sold in the last few months. Be prepared, if you are making an offer that is much higher than the most recent sales, to be willing to make up the difference between appraised price and offer price. If you make an offer, then be willing to stand by that price.
“Right, right.” she said as she sat down next to me. “So what did you wanna ask me?”
Daddy’s home! Time to read “Monster at the End of This Book”.
But me giving into myself would be.
I recently had a long argument with an atheist who not only openly disagreed with all religions, but insisted that all religious people were delusional, stupid, even insane, while totally denying that he was himself promoting an unproven belief of his own.
Remember that relationship is at the top of things that are most important for a woman. And many women of course, I remember say “he’s just not romantic”. Well actually, women have a part to play in this as well so if you’re a woman watching this, don’t go “oh, this is all for man and I just need to receive it”. This is like we play a part, because actually, when do you think a man is more likely to do something special to really create a romantic time is when we are in a good place. We’ve talked about this lots and lots of times. So , if we’re happy, he goes “how can I make this woman even more happy” but if we’re unhappy, he goes “oh, too much hard work”.
Benjamin Whitmer (Author)
an energetic exercise as well.
At that time we noticed that three Chinese members got off another car behind us. Lazzy recognized Kris at a glance. His height and face blew us away. We had decided to call him “Jean Boy” after seeing the video they crossed over the road, but when we actually saw him, we dare not utter a word. He might be 190cm.
Your cult
Another way Messenger Angels relay messages to an individual is through images. Let’s say, for example, that a lot of books and periodicals will have pictures in them. Sometimes these are scenes of nature or people who are promoting certain products and so forth. If one comes across a picture that relates to the message that needs to be transmitted to them, the Messenger Angel can choose to have certain pictures turn up time and time again. Let’s say you are reading a book about marine life in the Pacific and the problems and perils these lives are facing at this time. The words and images in this article will also conjure up images in your own mind and help make a point clear. But that is all it is, a point you understand. But then let’s say that over the next several days or weeks you keep coming across television programs, pictures in magazines, or images from some other source such as whales and dolphins coming up in conversation you have with others will certainly bring to your attention that something about these creatures is of importance to you in some way. You in turn set off on the task of discovering what that meaning could be. All these are reinforcing images that let’s you know that the plight of these creatures and their suffering is related to you or perhaps it implies that you can help do something to relieve this suffering. If and when the latter is true, the Messenger Angel is fully aware of this you see. Maybe the image received has to do with human events and suggests that there is something you can do about that situation. Images of war and conflict might have to do with conflict in one’s own personal life. Human beings are rather interesting when it comes to personal matters where stress abides. It can be much easier to simply ignore such conflict due to pride and ego-type things that can be stumbling blocks to taking steps to dispel this kind of thing.
are you falling in love yet?
4 – Having One of Those A-Ha! Moments. We’ve all had them, those moments where something in your brain just clicks and you arrive at a brilliant thought or solution. It’s so perfect and sometimes you might think, “Why didn’t I think of this before?!” It can be the absolute smallest thing, but for you, in that moment, it was perfect. Everything made sense in that moment and you felt proud and accomplished. While they may not happen often, when they do, they feel pretty darn good.
- Benefits of getting a degree online
My first alarm (there are 2) goes off at 4:30am, so needless to say I found it incomprehensible that my body would actually choose to be awake any earlier than that.
Confession 2:
Here is a giveaway that is too good to be true. I do not know how to post the pictures that Melissa has on her post but just let me tell you:
6. The Gentiles will know Israel as a nation blessed of God
From Wikipedia:
Nonfiction?
Dave Dixon of Strand Publishing included four of my blog posts in ’40 Aussie Stories’ which was published in November 2011 and another four in ‘Inspirational Stories for Aussie Women’ which was published in March 2012. These two books mean the world to me. The second publication includes a story I wrote about my Mum – ’Don’t Miss the Miracle’. I’ve just ordered my second box full of these books which are available for sale if anyone is interested.
Non-stick craft sheet Any of the rolled flower die templates (I used the Blossoms Three and the Bitty Blossoms)
As I watched New Hampshire unfold under me from the window of the plane, I understood then that there is a magic here too. Its not a tropical island and it doesnt have to be. To me, its perfect. Its home and its the most beautiful place in the world.
Here's to having the courage from the encouragement of others to live a life of joy, fulfilment & without fear.
Ruh-roh
~Mme Theo.
Sebelius also says that half of the children they tested in Kansas were "not ready" for Kindergarten.
I'm sure there's a lesson in there somewhere. If there's a rapprochement taking place, if we are all starting to pull together rather than against one another, that is laudable. Chamber music playing is now being taught in Oxford (I don't know about Cambridge), while the music colleges today offer proper degrees, not just diplomas (or will do as long as they can continue to exist under the present government). Andras Schiff has recorded on early pianos and sometimes conducts from a harpsichord.
It is designed to rival the Audi Q3, Acura RDX, Infiniti EX and the Land Rover Evoque. But before arriving in the United States, the X1 will receive a minor renovation and some engine coddling. Other changes comprise of new headlights, new interior surfaces and a center console cup holder. The base X1, the rear-wheel drive sDrive28i, will be powered by a 240 horsepower 2.0-litre inline-four, with a price starting at $31,545. For an additional $1,700, all-wheel drive is built-in and will be called the X1 xDrive28i. Only obtainable in the states, the X1 xDrive35i, powered by a 300 horsepower 3.0-liter inline-six engine, starts at $39,345 will be delivered along with its less powerful brothers and sisters. All engine options will be mated with an eight-speed automatic transmission.
I’ll be there.
This afternoon the ECJ gave its ruling, generalising across the 13 separate and in some respects over-detailed questions referred to it: "1. An act occurring during a data capture process, which consists of storing an extract of a protected work comprising 11 words and printing out that extract, is such as to come within the concept of reproduction in part within the meaning of Article 2 of Directive 2001/29/EC of the European Parliament and of the Council of 22 May 2001 on the harmonisation of certain aspects of copyright and related rights in the information society, if the elements thus reproduced are the expression of the intellectual creation of their author; it is for the national court to make this determination.
That's not really funny, not unless you have a sadistic sense of humor. Maybe I do have a sadistic sense of humor because it reminds me of an old joke:
There are some schools out there still offering cooking classes—often combined with their school gardens–though not many in my part of the world. In Britain, however, after years of campaigning by interested teachers and parents, “cookery” was finally added to the curriculum for 11-14 year olds. Advocates successfully argued that one of the largest barriers to good health is a lack of cooking skills.
(socialwebschool.com)
As Duke’s anti-lacrosse movement peaked, Nifong started losing control of public sentiment. On April 6, Mangum gave a written statement contradicting both her earlier version of events and the second dancer’s statement. (Police never re-interviewed the second dancer to resolve the discrepancies.) That same day, the accuser’s “driver” told police that before the party, she was behaving erratically and had fulfilled a variety of one-on-one “appointments.” Then, on April 10, defense lawyers publicly revealed that the DNA tests revealed no matches to any players.
and a sylvan hill.
First of all I tried stranding the yarn as you do for fair isle knitting. I did not even finish a pouch like that as the knitting was far too thick, however I have now learnt why stranded patterns are so popular in the Highlands of Scotland they make a double thickness fabric which must be incredibly warm!
"My seamstress friend helped me make the triple pleat curtains out of the Braemore Fioretto in the blue colorway. I found the best prices for this fabric at Mary Jo’s at $18/yard. (Ed. Note: When two rooms are open to each other like Emily's living room and dining room are here, it's a really good idea to use the same curtains in both rooms, even if you want the rooms to have a different feel.)
Swing
Cobwebs criss-cross
She had a friend who was into home brewing. He and his wife brought their equipment over to our house and walked us through what was involved in making your own. It seemed simple enough, so on my thirty-fourth birthday, my wife got me a starter equipment kit, some ingredients, the Papazian books, and a membership to the American Homebrewers Association. I do not use the phrase “perfect woman” lightly.
j: lady gaga, kings of leon, britney spears, red hot chili peppers, lily allen, robyn, nas, kanye west.
Full of holes, Worn out
Episode 4 in the continuing Beans & Greens saga. Now, I know, that bacon isn’t a legume or even a vegetable. One might, however, view bacon as the glorious transmutation of plant material into noble porkiness. But, not to worry, there are beans in here too!
I can’t say for certain when Concordia began using the slogan Faith without Mandate or its tagline “Developing wise, honorable, and cultivated citizens.” I had looked at their site 100 times and never noticed it before this summer. The Holy Spirit is funny that way, revealing things at just the right time. As I filled out my application, the only statement I was required to make was a short explanation of why I’d chosen Concordia and what I hoped to do with my degree. In other words, they were willing to give me the best of what they have to offer, of what they have learned and believed to be true about what it means to follow Christ, about how to apply myself rigorously towards understanding matters of theology in a more profound and purposeful way, but how those teachings take root in me, how scholarship emboldens my faith, what I enter— or walk away— believing is between me and God. Deep in my heart I knew that this is how it should be.
Yeah!! :)
Huckbee wants to be president some day. The problem is, it seems like he wants to be the chief executive officer of Heaven.
with every one else's highlight reel." - Steven Furtick
in living … with no regrets
“…if people listen to this in Australia or in Japan, they also have the same sort of aspirations…By seeking normality, despite the occupation, or despite living under a dictator people are trying to go on with their lives.”
Without sitting down and trying to put a business plan into a post there are several things that I think could be done towards that end. The primary focus of which should be the development of talent across the country. Because the key to the success of East Germany and the Soviet Union was twofold: the identification of talent, and the referral of that talent to coaches that could properly develop it.
Let there be
although I had a co-worker of my husband tell him it was Latin... so I'm not sure... but I love the idea
“What, do they think I just have thousands of dollars laying around to be spent on dental work?” I asked myself following yesterday’s visit. “They don’t even hurt. Why can’t I just wait till they hurt?”
I used a size 5 hook and size 3 crochet thread and just love the look of the FPdc stitch that makes up the body of the berry. And with the 'lacy' edging that is simply a shell stitch -- it was a delight to do.
I don't think I'd ever have cleaned it this good if it were not for this blog post, but boy does it feel good to not see it all yellow inside!! I just boiled some diluted vinegar (1 part vinegar to 2 parts water) in it. But that didn't do much. Had to use my cleaning toothbrush...
“In space no one can hear you moan in ecstasy”
It seems funny to me that the ACL Festival organizers have Friday as a day filled with old geezer music when most of the geezers like you will be working and that Sunday is filled with music for the kiddies, when geezers like you love to be sitting in a field.
But how must we learn it? I can do all things through Christ who strengthens me, Phil. 4:13. We have need of strength from Christ, to enable us to perform not only those duties which are purely Christian, but even those which are the fruit of moral virtue.
VRYHEID: School’s rugby player stabbed with knife by black youngster before game.
Revenge.
1- I am WAY out of shape.
Does your teacher evaluation system, noting whether or not a child's test scores increase, measure these kinds of responsibilities that we teachers take simply for the sake of our students and their families? I hope so, although it doesn't seem as though it possibly can.
Wellington 7.2% – 6.1% (21,100 to 17,200)
For free from thrall I travel far,
Has practice started yet for the reunion show? How much, if any, rust was there, and if you haven't practiced yet what are the expectations?
It is about time, in my opinion, his citizenship was revoked and he was deported to the Sharia-governed paradise of his choice. This would make Britain more secure and prove that the laws governing incitement to hatred are used fairly.
The hard wooden tray that sits on our ottoman/coffee table. And he uses the handle as a pillow.
Whilst there, anyone who still believes that the law will protect the innocent, may wish examine the behaviour of much of the Durham judiciary, with particular reference to a certain Judge Ronald L Stevens who presided over a number of the initial hearings, and who, many feel should have stood next to the rogue prosecutor at his disciplinary hearing. That Stevens, among other things, allowed members of the New Black Panthers, who had arrived in town with the speed of flies to a road kill, to shout threats at one of the defendants in his own court, gives a good indication as to where that hanging judge's allegiance lay.
ISBN-13: 978-0-9794208-8-7
We’ll let you keep all the education and experience you’ve ever gotten. And all the friends and contacts you’ve ever made.
A diminutive cross of crystal chandelier remnants is held fast with weathered solder, tinted the hues of rusted iron, to a petite bottle of antique glass. The century old glass is veiled in a stunning, hazy patina created while hidden away within the earth for decades.
Blue Save $2/1 natural dry cat food 5lbs+ (4/25)
The Sun, a daily newspaper, has been at the forefront of tasteless journalism in this country for more than 40 years. However, it's a sign of the moral decline in this country that people still buy the rag in their droves. Now it has a Sunday edition, those who get their fix on such tat can have it seven days a week.
"What was the best lay you ever had?"
though in this ocean of mercy i will forever lie
I'm worried the financial world is going to hell in a Prada handbag.
Will it ever end?
Just last week I was asked to do another re-telling. It isn't definite yet, but it's a story I have always loved and there is a set of illustrations already waiting. But I won't be writing glorified captions; I will be putting myself into it, giving it a few touches that can make it my own. And yes, I've already re-told it a couple of times!
domain transfers are not so much fun
Here’s an activity from Chapter 5:
We got Mr W a new computer yesterday, funded with part of my tax refund. He kicked in 25%, and I'll have him work off some of his debt as well. I had to explain what "sweat equity" meant. So far so good; it's a much better computer than the first one I bought anyway, and wasn't much more expensive. What really hurt was the "juice box" warranty, which was about 40% of the purchase price of the computer. But this way, if something gets spilled on it, we're covered. *sigh* I always doubt myself at these big expenditures, but I could think of lots of practical reasons for the kid to have his own computer.
But none the less he mentioned that he was in North Carolina earlier in the day with Jimmy Fallon. And boy, when I heard that, the second I finished hearing what the President said at CU, I was on the intertubes faster than you could swing a dead cat. Hulu has the entire clip, beware, as soon as you start watching you’re gonna stay till the end.
Teagan is so anxious about her teacher and if her best friend will be in her class for the 5th year in a row (3 year old preschool, 4 year old preschool, kindergarten and 1st grade). We have told the girls that odds are not in their favor to continue the streak, but they do only live 100 yards apart and will be on the bus together at the very least. Fingers crosses.
I love you so much
F = 4
I will talk to you soon,
In regard to the lattermost point regarding protection against oppressions, particularly domestic, the left sees a great potential for business owners to be oppressive to their workers. It is true that they call for government regulation of business in hopes of preventing such oppression, for they fear those with money will quickly lose moral judgment in pursuit of more capital. Government’s regulation of business for the protection of workers goes back to the abolition of slavery. I would certainly hope we can all agree that the federal government was justified in making laws deeming slavery illegal, and while it certainly impacted the profitability of slave owners, the rights of those workers were deserving of federal protection.
Unless they are stuck on a certain rhyme.
I answered, “yes,” to that single pastor for two reasons: the first because I didn’t know how to turn down a man of God (would I get struck by lightning?) and the second was the fact he had two tickets to Playhouse Square in downtown Cleveland for Singing in the Rain.
It was really, really cool, though, during the two rounds that got played, to see people just running around, throwing balls at each other, and using all their abilities in creative ways to try to hit others and avoid being hit. It was a potentially awesome, fun event, and I hope more people show up next week (with EMPTY BAGS), and participate in our second attempt at a fun Dodgeball RP Night Event!
Open the tins of salmon, drain and rinse. Remove the bones, and any skin you can find. Flake the fish.
Black Coffee @ RM0.80
Sometimes nothing makes sense.
look better connected,
Chris has never ever once blamed me.
It really annoys me – not him – just me. I am a private person and will give out info to those that need to hear – mind you, I am writing a blog (anonymously?) but there are the ‘chosen few’ out there who know who I am.
Unschooling is Forever
In some people’s minds, Kurtz probably wrote the epic of archives management manuals. I like the phrase “emotionally self-aware” (p.29). I think it applies in many ways. I was drawn to a mixed model approach for the SWOT analysis, favoring a mix between 3-4. I wholeheartedly agree with collaborative input and management, although I know some people have better strengths in certain areas to lead. Not everyone is a leader, or should lead, especially if they are unwilling to develop. I’m working through a project management project right now, and I appreciate the lead environment where there is a program manager that oversees all the projects. Our leads know the technology better, but we know the collections better. Quality work is the only answer (Kurtz, p.86). Interestingly enough, we just had a demo presentation yesterday with the Atlas Aeon, finally a management software that includes patron organization with reference, user statistics, and knowledge sharing. In terms of organizing references with statistics, this is a possibility.
On the day itself, a private dinner was held for Dr. West, Radhanath Swami, several chaplains and religious leaders on campus, and a handful of student leaders from various organizations. As they ate the delicious full-course meal catered by Govinda’s restaurant in Philadelphia, the two guests of honor immediately hit it off, chatting like two old friends, joking, and referencing memories from their childhoods.
Is this really your Final 5?
I should not make so dear a show of zeal:
I’ll find you when
#26 - Rebecca Soni
My peculiar twitches and bizarre jerks aside, we glided in circles around the hardwood floor at Pat’s. Octogenarian couples waltzed past us like they were supped up Mercedes Benz’s going downhill on the Autobahn.
I used to carry really tiny purses and I still love them. The only problem is I have acquired items that are too big to fit. My counselor once told me that she couldn’t believe I’m a mom and carry such a small purse. Really? Maybe it’s because I have boys. They don’t require much in the way of junk to carry with them. Tony carries an inhaler in his pocket and money in his wallet. Jimmy carries a wallet when he hasn’t lost the darn thing. Relatively low maintenance.
“Do you want to kiss my lips? I want to kiss yours.”
there are things we can’t share.
The birds are outside my window again, screeching their wake up call. One cat sleeps beside me, his furry head resting on my arm while the rest of his body purrs under the covers. The other cat is curled up on my side.
I just really hate that this whole fiasco took place. It has soured me on Disney, and this will probably be the last time I go for a long, long time.
But, just like that, she went from a total psycho back to her cute and well-behaved little self. It’s quite impressive how she can turn it on and off like that. It’s also quite scary. Is my child insane? Perhaps so, but at least she got a good picture with Santa this year.
I looked around the living room. Here’s what I saw: a glass of water; a magazine; my laptop; several remotes; some pillows. These would all be either ineffective or messy. A candle? Yeah, that could work. I could throw it at his head to temporarily startle him, at which point I could run back to the kitchen and get an actual weapon like a knife, which I probably should have had in the first place.
Another theory suggests that the painting was hidden because its subject fell into disfavour. This fits well with Marlowe, who enjoyed a fraught relationship with his college. Corpus Christi refused to grant him his MA because he had not merely been absent during term, but rumoured to have been at the Jesuit seminary in Rheims. Given the religious turbulence of the time this was outrageous.
Almost everything looks good enough to eat - thanks for visiting my blog today!
We miss you Kathi, but you fought a rough battle
*Can I tell you how much I loved this part of the book? Having just read Horace and Morris Join the Chorus (But What About Dolores) to Cheetah & PeterParker, where, basically, the message is if you want to be in the chorus you should be even if you cannot sing, I rejoice in a book that says yes, sometimes your talent and ability do not match your dreams, no matter how much you want it and how much you do (lessons and practice) to achieve it. Dolores shouldn't be in the chorus.
Level 8: MP Cost: 34, Duration: 108 seconds, Damage: +16%, Critical Rate: +13%, Minimum Critical Damage: +4%, Attacks up to 1 enemy.
I still love them though. Timber fan through the good and the bad!
I hope there are lots of participants. Remember no linking back, your creation must be new and have a Magnolia or hAngler image to qualify for the prizes.
It's never really ever crossed my mind
Teaching information that you should use for the outside world, overwhelming students with homework cause they don't want to do it during class and adding homework on the weekends, and you wonder why students are failing their classes
I promise to keep adding to the list as quickly as possible, (if I see that people are even looking at the list!).
In the late 20th century, it was a common rhetorical ploy of the more "revolutionary" Left in the "Western" world simply to ignore democracy as an alternative to Communism. Instead they would excuse the brutalities of Communism by pointing to the brutalities of the then numerous military dictatorships of Southern Europe and Latin America and pretend that such regimes were the only alternative to Communism. These regimes were led by generals who might in various ways be seen as conservative (though Peron was undisputably Leftist) so do they tell us anything about conservatism?
The winner is:
*Or, in Sunny’s case, PB, as she doesn’t like J. Or M. Or H. And I refuse to make PB&Bs or PB&Cs—at least where the other mothers might catch wind of it.
My mother bought me some play pots made of clay. They were no bigger than three baby hands. It was a complete set. There was a bowl wherein you put the coal, wood or paper, which will be used to start a fire. This bowl will be placed under the pot. I also had a little frying pan made of clay. Mama would help me start the fire. She and I would put some rice inside the pot and some water and start cooking. I waited eagerly as the rice cooked, and when it was done, it was perfect.
In addition, five badly decomposed sea lions and a turtle carcass had been found on shore, Imarpe said.
Upon RSVP, the address will be supplied. There are some big news that will be shared this Sunday. See you there! Why not bring a friend?
Moving forward building steam
“The true measure of a man is not how he behaves in moments of comfort and convenience but how he stands at times of controversy and challenges.” - Martin Luther King Jr.
Quite a few people asked me if I managed to do it in 50 minutes, and I’m pleased to say I did! I was on target with 8:04 minute miles on average up to the last straight, the last 0.2 miles, or 0.3 miles on my Garmin ( I must have taken a long route ).
Scrappinsista - 9
For one day we peacefully protest in a symbol that will be felt across the globe.
At Build-A-Bear Workshop their mission is to bring the Teddy Bear to life. An American icon, the Teddy Bear brings to mind warm thoughts about our childhood, about friendship, about trust and comfort, and also about love. Build-A-Bear Workshop embodies those thoughts in how they run their business everyday.
You would be amazed at how Boo Boo Sock soothes an upset child in our house.
A new financial model, new reforms; the transition will be painful but the question and need for change is self evident.
in 'The Walrus and the Carpenter’
According to Jackson, the motive was apparently to defend the border, but it soon resulted in “hakkejagopperasies”. The word means “search and destroy”, but directly translated it means “heel-chasing-operations”.
A huge cheesy smile and rolling of the eyes: “Nah, you’d be the girl who mid sexy strip would get tangled in your knickers or get your bra stuck on your head”
Bug had a hard time wrapping her brain around all of the possible pun-tin options available to her in that whole patch, and at first she just ran to the first one she saw, content to take home any ol' lopsided, half-rotten, or worm-chewed gourd she could lay her hands on. We quickly taught her the importance of judging every pumpkin on it's most superficial features, though, and she seemed to get the hang of it.
It calls too for a compassionate approach to the eight million illegal immigrants already living in the EU.
The other day I saw this post at Oregon Sunshine's blog "Adventures of Life" It seemed like a neat idea so I asked her if she minded if I borrowed the idea... anyone else want to play along?
In terms of mutual benefits, Kenanga pointed out that phase two of the Seri Tanjung Pinang development might have factored strongly in the deal.
a couple of curry leaves
Now I don't think everyone shouldn't do coupons . There are plenty of things you can get with coupons that are useful . The most common thing I hear is getting free toothbrushes or hand soaps etc , by using multiple coupons , or matching coupons with sales . So yes , coupons can save you money . For me , taking the time to go through the coupons to save a dollar on toothpaste isn't worth it because that is likely the only coupon I would be using . If you buy all those miscellaneous items , (The frozen dinners etc .) anyways , then yes , please coupon .
Thrive products help you to prepare for today, tomorrow and in an emergency. Helping you build a home store where you can go, instead of having to run to the store, where you can have perishable foods and high demand foods at the ready, so you can support your family in the case of an emergency whether it's a job loss, cut back hours or a natural disaster. Providing for those who you love the most brings with it a mindset of Shelf Reliance that will help you not only organize your pantry but your life as well!
Walking into the theatre I was a bit skeptical. After all, the play calls for a large cast and there’s usually a tendency on behalf of the director to take an overly serious approach highlighting the social messages and upholding the greatness of the work, while overlooking the humor that is its foundation. At the pre-show talk, artistic director Lenny Leibowitz assured me that this production will be more lighthearted.
1st- $150
Phone time in coffee shops
That’s it for the text field. It’s good and ready to be manipulated with via ActionScript.
The USA, more than Europe and Asia, will continue to be the world's unchallenged superpower. The 21st century will be a continuation of the American Age that started in the 20th century.
New soul
Let’s talk a bit about you Sharon. What made you want to get into the industry in the first place?
Sesame and Kale Battalions.
The second batch was the result of a discussion with the bolting patch of spinach. "Surely," the spinach plants as tall as my waist said," if we're able to devote the energy to this skyscraper (in spinach terms) height, you can devote the energy to roll out more of that ridiculously thin dough." So, re-chagrined, I did. Accompanying the spinach in the second batch, were some onions, pine nuts, and feta.
I'll post finished pictures at that time.
Philippians 4:13 I can do all things through Him who strengthens me.
Tactically he is totally inept. He plays the same formation every game, with no Plan B. His substitutions this year especially are beyond bewildering.
Also, Crain’s reported this week that the state strictures mean that only two or three of some 30 developers now seeking 80-20 housing bonds will get approval.
when life was beautiful and pure and clean
I know what you’re saying, like if you closed your eyes?
Here are some of the girls' headbands I made that fit size infant-child (some are extra stretchy and can fit up to adult size)
But what I often find is that people want instant gratification, instant change. And whilst I know for sure
Concept: Happy, youthful people of every color from all over the global world are drinking Pepsi while the most expensive pop stars of every color in the global world are singing about Pepsi. This will all be tied into a mobile Facebook/Twitter/YouTube friend and download fest and will culminate in a worldwide pop concert streamed live all over the global, mobile world. The campaign theme will be "Planet Pepsi" or something else of equal globularity.
Third, like Thatcher (see previous post), Carter places heavy emphasis on less prominent features of the narrative in order to draw out a political reading while paying insufficient attention to the wider Jewish context of the narrative. This raises a much larger hermeneutical question: Should we pay attention primarily (or only) to the subtleties of a given text while glossing over repeated literary and theological motifs? Perhaps I am opening myself up to the charge of being an unsophisticated reader of the narrative, but my answer to that question is, “surely not.” Subtexts are an important means of textual communication and they should not be overlooked. However, neither should we abandon clear points of emphasis for elements that, frankly, may not even be present in the text. Warren Carter has been one of the leading figures in moving New Testament research into the field of empire studies. In particular, his work on Matthew has been influential for showing that Gospel’s interest in Roman issues. However, as is the case with anyone doing research in the related fields of Biblical and early Christian studies, there is a strong temptation to see our own interests in the texts we examine. Because of his research interests, Carter is conditioned to look for Roman images and themes, and in some of his other published works he has proven particularly adept at it. It seems to me that in the case of John’s Gospel—at least it relates to his main thesis—Carter has found what he was looking for rather than what is actually in (or behind) the text.
In his dream, all of this took place exactly as foretold.
For true Shanghai-style drunken chicken, the chicken pieces should be bone in. The challenge, then, is in chopping the chicken after it's cooked into even, bite-sized pieces. You need a heavy-duty cleaver, like the kind the butchers use at Chinese BBQ restaurants to chop roasted duck into those delectable slices. And even then it's not easy -- I still need a lot of practice, as my chicken looked practically hacked to pieces! Remember the scene in Titanic where Rose is attempting to save Jack by breaking his handcuffs with an axe? And he tells her to try a couple of practice swings, but her second swing lands nowhere near the first? That's how it was with me and chopping this chicken. I may not have been decisive enough, or perhaps the cleaver I purchased wasn't strong enough, but be warned, this is definitely not as easy as those butchers make it look! Do not -- I repeat, DO NOT -- use a regular knife or chef's knife to do this, you'll only ruin your blade, and if you have nice knives that I do, that would be a terrible loss.
We all invest years and tears into the characters of our novels. I personally believe that any good investment takes a bit of research and planning. The scene breakdown above is my way of hedging my bets. I hope it helps you, too.
against the wall
Before all this takes place though you have to drink this liquid laxative stuff called phosphorescent citrate of manitoba for two days. This is so they can see the forest through the trees, or at least the forest without all the bear crap laying all over the ground or however that goes. Man does this stuff clean you out. Much to my surprise it tasted pretty good. Kind of like Squirt soda, appropriately enough. You should plan on taking your pants off altogether and sitting on the toilet for that entire couple of days while this stuff does its job since as soon as it goes in, it comes RIGHT OUT. At velocity. And it ain't over till the fat lady sings...or in this case, till the fat lady shits clear for at least an hour. And the fat lady did. The fat lady about took the shine off the enamel. All the trees in that forest blew down.
Dana W. Rhyne
So, that's basically it...Nothing fancy, but it's perfect for us. We'd love to have visitors, so if you are interested in coming up, let us know!
I'm going to stop there, but if you want to see more of my recommendations, please visit my Bookshelf at the top of the page under the title of my blog. Or simply click this handy link here. I update it regularly, so feel free to check back often.
And, no – I never got jealous, I knew he was leaving with ME (smile) and I knew what to expect when we got back to the bedroom…..or the hot tub….
I've done a lot of thinking lately about one particular way the metaphor of writing=dating is applicable to me. To start, let me give you a picture of what I was like when I was younger and single. To quote the cliche: I wore my heart on my sleeve. And I gave that heart away freely. (Definitely too freely, but that's a whole different post . . .) I've always been open with my feelings and opinions, and dating was no different. Once I met a guy I connected with, I plunged in without hesitation. I fell in love many times, and I guess I'm not ashamed of that. Being open to love is a good thing, right?
- started my first chemo on January 20th, BUT +, Obama was inagurated.
This material is available for republication as long as reprints include verbatim copy of the article its entirety, respecting its integrity. Reprints must cite the author and Axis of Logic as the original source including a “live link” to the article. Thank you!
I kid you not.
I rewind to the moment he said “well, I thought that’s what spics did – suck dick and eat sardines.”
We stopped by the Boy Scout Shop to buy new Council Patches for the kids' uniforms, and saw that they are having a "Scout Night with the Rhinos". What's that, you ask? Hockey, apparently. We asked the lady up front, and they're the local hockey team. So, for $5.00 a ticket, we're gonna go watch a Hockey game this Friday night. I'm pretty excited. Never been to a hockey game before :) Should be entertaining :) hehehehe.
My current position is it depends (is that it depends?) on the feel and flow of the sentence. If you read aloud the two dog sentences above, you'll notice the beat is different. The 'that' in the first acts like a speed-bump, a kind of jolt in the flow. The second sounds more smooth and natural, and I think it's easier on the eye.
Hi! Golly, it's good to be talking to you great folks. I am communicating through a wormhole we've punched into the timespace continuum. Where I am, you would probably say it is the year 2030. But we don't really use those kinds of calendars anymore.
As the author of two hero's journey novels and one heroine's journey novel, I often ponder the thought processes that cause a hero or a heroine to act in both immediate and long-term dangerous situations. In fiction, the danger and the negative consequences become part of stories that make people buy exciting books. In life, similar consequences send people to psychologists.
Why am I being so open and honest about my health situation? Well, I'm 47 years old. Originally, I was told that PSA tests are only given to men when they reach 50 years old. I have a close friend who has prostate cancer. His willingness to be open and honest about his situation caused me to request a PSA test during my physical. I had no symptoms and might not have known about the disease for another three years. Time is precious when you are fighting prostate cancer.
we double twirled our hair, just like, who else, marina.
“The reason, fool, is because He Wants to give you more than the pathetic crumbs that you had asked for – A LOT MORE!”
This weekend was not perfect. It was not spent with the smells of a new baby or the cries of joy and relief. Rather, it was spent with a quivering lip, wet cheeks and puffy eyes. Now of course we both have wonderful moms that we had to celebrate, but having this holiday the day after
Any tips or advice on how best to keep the peace on the style front?! HQ
2 very ripe bananas
‘Then I was like, ‘OK, it’s time to go now.’ We got in the car and drove to the hospital and that was it.’
around! It's all about self control.
Here's my latest collection of rare Helen videos. As far as I know, none are available on DVD and many aren't even available on VCD.
How often are you actually thinking, and how often are you reacting? You are probably reacting about 90 percent of the time. For the most part, you are reacting either to your previous reactions or to someone else’s reactions. It’s a long chain of effect and effect and effect. It’s like dominos: you hit one and they all go.
Eva and I decided to test it out last Sunday evening.
She was also a respected amateur botanist, mother to the most prominent early faculty member of the College of
Serves four
The relative ‘success’ story of Gunaseelam, from a governmental intervention point of view, lies in the fact that its new model continues to survive at all. Throughout India, there has been a variety of reactions from shrines to the intervention, but few have reconfigured in any substantial way. Attempts to introduce psychiatry services at healing shrines have often not been sustained, and many shrines continue to allow the practice of chaining people. This may not be emphatic resistance to laws on the part of shrines, but rather suggests that the state itself is not particularly uniformly effective in a large and diverse country like India. In practice, a number of intervention initiatives into temple practices quite simply dissolve over time, due to lack of will, lack of coordination, geographical issues and the difficulties of implementation, rather than because of any explicit resistance.
NONSens agents
4) David Lynch - The other "old guy" on this list (see Scorsese above for the other, even older guy), Lynch is responsible for the film I name as the best film of the last decade - Mulholland Dr.. Between that and Twin Peaks and Blue Velvet and Lost Highway and Wild at Heart (again, damn the naysayers!) and even Dune - as well as the best fake iphone commercial ever - Lynch is surely a master filmmaker and with his most recent, INLAND EMPIRE (and who doesn't LOVE movies that come in all CAPITALS?) proves that not only is he as batshitcrazy as ever, but is also still in top form. Never a director to bring the masses together, Lynch is surely an acquired taste (and probably only a taste me and my fellow freaks can thoroughly enjoy) and will probably never get that AFI tribute (though a Friar's Club Roast could be fun) but this just puts him in the same class as directors like Antonioni, Tarkovsky and Bergman. Not bad company indeed. Of course one would have to take Antonioni, Tarkovsky and Bergman and ratchet up the insanity about a trillion notches or so (and possibly put a backwards-talking dwarf somewhere in there).
The plan is to read him another book or two and then start tempting him to read a familiar word or sentence here and there until he's reading the books to me with minimal assistance. What's even better (for me) about this wonderful mouse is that he's a newspaper reporter. What a wonderful way to make the segment into writing, types of writing, why writing can be important, etc., etc. (Incase you didn't realize from the babbling above - Little Man has a lot of trouble with writing - unfortunately something that goes along with being an Aspie AND directly relates to his vision issues - we're working on it though.)
“So you’re voting no?” Lisa pressed him.
i endure in docile tranquility
I had a hard time stowing my carry-on under my seat, I held up a line of people as I messed around with it, I dropped my phone in the aisle, and after I finally sat down, I stuck my foot out and tripped a poor guy walking by. It wasn’t on purpose!
Birds are chattering, flowers are blooming, and we the motorsports fans are also gearing up for the season! Fan activities are not only a way for the fans to gather and share their passion for the sport, it also presents an opportunity to meet drivers/teams from their favorite racing series.
4. Include a photograph (or several photographs) of the contents of your purse
Ruby’s phone buzzes, and she snaps awake. She looks at the display. B. Moore. 6:42. Sunday morning.
When I was in year 10, there wasn’t much activity off-campus and most of us were whisked off by scheduled private school buses anyway. But strolling down the lush greenery, different communities have sprouted up – from a block of office space (filled with boutique shops and businesses) to an arts/drama school to a cluster of eateries.
The Amendola's are spending and loaning money like there's no tomorrow, and it's not long before the I.R.S. and the F.B.I. show up with a lot of questions that need some answers, like, where's the money coming from?
It is one of at least 142 names listed on the directory on the 19th floor of a skyscraper at 3 Lockhart Road in Hong Kong’s Wan Chai district.
With our third child, we ended up supplementing our covers with wool soakers during the daytime, with long leg cuffs (make sure they have leg cuffs - or you may be the victim of the dreaded poosplosion). We had already loved Aristocrats as bulletproof nighttime soakers for the older two children, but they don't come small enough for a newborn. In addition, I bought three of the cutest fitteds ever for our youngest. I sold one and only have the tools and sailing prints left. My father instilled a love of sailing in me and I couldn't resist.
Dinner we had pork loin with tofu noodles sautéed in balsamic vinagerette and garlic. I threw in a bunch of fresh zucchini and ashallot.
See the trend? We have this conversation 4 days a week. And yet I seem to be unable to do anything to fix those issues. My weight has been stuck in the same 5lb range for months now, lots and lots of months. The good news is even though I am eating like a crazy woman some days I haven't gained any weight. I have tried the "just fix one thing" approach and the "one day at a time" approach and neither seem to be working for me.
Fresh ground turkey, one pound
I hope you never have to see a harp in this position.
The struggle against war and imperialism can be taken forward only if it centered in the working class. The fight against war and the struggle against the destruction of jobs, living standards and basic social and democratic rights are today inseparable. Militarism abroad and social counterrevolution at home have common objective roots in the insoluble crisis of world capitalism. They can be defeated only through the political mobilization and international unity of the working class in the struggle for socialism.
We decided early in the game that the en-suite was to be moody/dark glam...a good counterpoint to the bedrooms pretty glam;)
Late one night we were snuck in to peek.
The recent emphasis on diverse characters such as lesbian superheroine Batwoman, Hispanic hero Blue Beetle and African-American adventurer Cyborg (who will be a core member of Johns and Lee's new Justice League) also will continue.
Everyone's at it, no one can avoid it: the esteemed Ra Page ain't above it all, indeed his whole publishing venture seemed founded on the practice of eschewing established practitioners of the short story in favour of persuading established practitioners of other forms - poets and playwrights - to give it a go. Anything to be able to say you're offering something new in the way of authorship as opposed to simply writing.
They are going through normal stages
Of course the lights had to be tested before being wrapped around the tree… and what a great opportunity for some horizontal macro shots!!
So why is their blog one of my favourites? Because they have now blogged about me of course!
"Well, what's it going to be then?"
Edited to add: The @NOOK_Care twitter feed provided me an email address to someone at B&N, and asked me to send them an email. I have done so, and will post any updates or replies that I receive.
After coming from last to whiz past all the other horses in the final stretch of the Kentucky Derby, everyone was wondering if Mine That Bird’s turbo-charged win was a fluke.
And, if you saw my DIY play kitchen and said, "Tanya! I don't have time to make a flippin' play kitchen but now I don't want a cheap, plastic one either," I have a cute BIY (buy-it-yourself) option from Costco. This set is $189.99. I'm still pretty excited mine was less than $35.00, but this is two pieces and darn, is it cute.
Onto the finals! The format of the final round was a la Iron Chef, with the competitors getting a mystery ingredient unveiled to them on the spot. The secret ingredient was G Joy sake, as well as fresh blackberries that had to be used somehow as a garnish but could also be incorporated into the cocktail. Each finalist had 15 minutes to create and execute a cocktail on the fly, and they were all great!
It was in this conversation that I mentioned my own concept. The conversation heated about my dislike for Polish people at the time and how I think I’d never finish the book because I am stubborn about seeing the world and recording new findings all the time.
April 27 – WaMu Theatre (Seattle, WA) #
Thanks for all the feedback I have received. These are things I am keeping a close eye on.
I squinted in great confusion at this. Blinked hard twice like a heavy lidded be-witched Disney character till they disappeared.
strenght for the weak
Most of the time, signs just amuse me.
So, why do good employees go? Finnegan asserts that the biggest reason is because they can. Even though times are hard, the economy is still extremely robust, and talented workers don’t have much difficulty finding a better job if they already employed.
add a drop or 2 of green food coloring to some coconut flakes in a baggie and toss until the coconut is green. sprinkle a bit in to each nest (save some without for any coconut allergies/dislikes) and add a whopper Robin egg, or some Easter peanut m&ms, or jordan almonds, or any other small egg shaped candy.
‘I thought you cared for me,’ she breathes, turning her shining eyes on Jo. ‘Why are you doing this?’
In 2005, another capital-C Crisis -- this one designated simply Infinite as opposed to On Infinite Earths -- and don't ask me what the difference was supposed to be, except that the first one deliberately and mercifully destroyed what had by 1985 evolved into a multiverse so complex it could induce migraines, and the second one frustratingly brought it back -- recreated the DC universe yet again, putting WW at the center of a controversial storyline that broke up the famous Trinity by transforming Superman into an unwilling weapon of mass destruction who literally pummelled Batman's ass to a pulp and by turning Wonder Woman into a cold-blooded murderer.
So instead, here is one smooshed together photo of three things that encourage me to take a fresh look at the world each day.
and the wind going wild
Dogfish Head's Sam Calagione Book Signing/Meet & Greet (4/22)
Last night, about 20 hours after Target had opened for it's Black Friday sale, I went in just to grab some lights for our Christmas tree and figured I would see if anything I wanted happened to be left. I quickly realized everything was long gone, but then I went down the toy aisles looking at the very top shelf and what did I find? Exactly what Morgan wanted for Christmas, which happened to be one of the doorbuster sales! I think I actually squealed with delight and another lady who was shopping laughed at me and said Congratulations! Morgan did see that I was shoving something Barbie related under the cart, but she doesn't know exactly what it was and it's not like I could take her home and come back to get it. She will still be surprised come Christmas morning. I still have some shopping to do, but I have made a dent. I am hoping that Cyber Monday will have some good deals, so I can finish soon.
Car: 2005 Chevy Malibu
Location: Nation-wide.
Rating: 4.6
Underutilized buildings?
This challenge is a little different, as December is almost upon us and everyone will be busy with Family and Festivities I thought the team needed a break and that you needed an easy challenge.
· iPad or Android Pads can surf the net anywhere, anytime
(disclaimer: only slight exaggerations have occurred in this post)
I realized there were some real benefits to Twitter. You could follow people you were interested in professionally and tweet at them for job opportunities or advice, or you could just have fun with it, tweeting with your friends. I started to really get a knack for the little 140 character nuggets of intellectual goodness I along with the people I follow on Twitter were spewing out each day. After a while I started to realize that there were some really good aspects to the social app that were not just for my own personal benefit. Almost overnight I started to see that there were professional benefits, especially for a post grad who came back to school for a year for one more taste as a fifth year senior to get a second degree. Although I was banking on this second bachelor’s degree to set me apart from all of the millions of other graduates across America vying for the same jobs I was, I thought to myself, why can’t I use this (Twitter) to my advantage to get job opportunities and simultaneously promote my brand at the same time?
6. Flatten dough and cut into equal pieces and roll out each piece to 1/4 inch
Here’s a novel idea: why not labor hard in the Scriptures and strive to develop a more properly tuned moral compass so that we can discern good from evil, and pray that God would give us the courage (faith) to obey Him? (That is the kind of prayer He answers!)
A year ago I took a meditation class that changed my life. I never thought I could meditate as all of my life I have been considered just a wee bit hyper. Besides I had found Eat, Pray, Love a self-indulgent narrative that I never finished at that time in my life and she was always talking about meditation. My friend Anne Marie gently nudged me and told me that it would benefit me. To tell the truth she is very rarely wrong so I took her sage advice andsigned up. I learned to be still and listen. It wsn’t always easy, but the quiet of the room was nice and I learned to let go of the racing thoughts in my mind.
The little snake again crawled out from under the sofa. One of the policemen drew his gun and fired at it.
TOTAL: $ 619.54
This time I made a layout. The papers already have all the glitter and sparkle that you might need, so all you have to do is arrange your photos, add some embellishments and your layout is good to go. Easy, fun and shiny as it should be for a kid's project!
basis of what God told him in Genesis 17:5 “……for
We knew we wanted to include 'save the dates'...
On a cruise ship far away…
Bottom line: Okay, Dumas is intimidating, if only due to sheer size. But take Twenty Years After in small doses—like Dumas’ original audience did—and you’ll find a rollicking adventure with four swashbuckling heroes that, after a slow start, is absolutely stuffed with action to an almost fatiguing degree. Ever see a high speed horse chase before?
As this trip nears it's end, my cameras are tired. I, however, am refreshed, enriched, have a few more freckles, and am contemplating how I can escape to this magical place again within the year.
and the coffin you gave to me.
He wasn't pushy or over the top in any aspect and I found him to be refreshingly pleasant. He said he was new to the area, so I told him I'd give him some insider info into the city and maybe even show him around. I figured at least I'd get a friend out of the deal.
I need to take the time to hug and appreciate my family
Harper also flatly rejected charges that the Conservatives had anything to do with Black’s permit, saying the decision was made by bureaucrats.
I think I’m a relatively rational person. I’m in the habit of metacognition. I think about my thoughts. And in this process, I’ve developed a knack for discerning which thoughts are helpful and which are destructive.
6 Oil 4:12
Here is a statement from the same book that shows the power these people have already amassed in the United States.
The Computer Writing and Research Lab under his direction became a humming, thriving, generative, and collaborative community filled with energy, imagination, and productive activity. I was stunned when I first visited it; it was unlike any other program—any other world— I had ever seen, and that was the reason I came to UT.
INNERSPACE
It's all very well showing off how well you have learned the (presumed) "lessons of the 1980s" - but we have had two more decades since then and they have some lessons to teach us too. From the 1990s we can draw the lesson that privatisation does not improve services, and from the first decade of this century we can draw the lesson that Labour politicians who abandon the interests of our core supporters eventually get their electoral comeuppance.
Let's set up a visual in your mind; my tables were all filled in the front. I had a couple tables with actual couples (one was trying to have a romantic date, which well don't know why they chose the bar but that's neither here nor there) I had the group of regular girls and I had my fellow coworker, Colts (for her love of the colts), in with some of her girlfriends. I also had Cowboy Casanova grace us with his presence along with his brother, cousin, and some other friends. We have recently brought in DJs to help us out on the weekends and one of the DJ's we will name him DJ Snoop. Anyway they were all sitting at the table facing the door and the bar. Dragonmaster was there as her usual partying self but left early because her "dad" called, she understands why this is in quotes and funny. Anyway night begins and people start getting rowdy.
My parents don't just help with the kids. They don't just "see" the kids. They help us raise them.
Location: Muhammad Ali Center
Chilli and Chillies - I love them! But lately, I've been very confused by them. I've gradually been thinking that I've becoming a spice-sook, because everything I make has been seeming too hot. For quite a while, we haven't eaten many spicy dishes, because it seemed like every time I did, I had my mouth blown off. Up until then, I'd always thought that chillies' adjustment to your tastebuds was like riding a bike - even if you didn't do it for a while, you'd still have the skill/taste.
As I mentioned in a previous post during my First Blogaversary Week, July 27, 2010 was the beginning of my adventures in food blogging. I have enjoyed this past year and thank you to all who helped me learn new skills, improve on my writing posts, and challenged me to take better food photos.
Ultimately, recognizing feelings confronts him/her with a scary truth: his parents, his “gods,” are unable to protect him. S/he learns low self-value and guilt. Lies become necessary to cover up unpleasant realities; sharing with others stops since they are not seen as resources, and emotional isolation begins.
Maybe our families that live far away will be able to ‘see’ a little more of us each day. And I hope they like it too.
That “free Speech” has taken a right turn for the worse and now, in most countries in the world, what is happening in Australia would attract the attention of the security forces. Although they all seem to be looking only at Left-Wing activities.
4. Taking a fresh look at some attitudes and habits that needed to be surrendered to God and let go of, and find that possible.
“And people were beautiful, too, not because they were all the same, but because other people looked for and knew how to find what made them so.
behind the invisible bars
Shu Uemura Mousse Base in Beige, 65ml
Kids and pets are a huge responsibility. This is a great book for first time readers who love dogs. This great book can open up conversation with kids and parents in regards to caring for pets and also sharing pets. Lively illustrations bring this story to life. Simple sentences will have
4. I am a freelance writer. I keep writing in my head until I find pen and paper… arrr… keyboard.
Now, that was news to me.
The Woodcarver DVD
Faith is the instrumental means of justification, not a meritorious cause of justification. Thus, faith does not satisfy divine justice, only Christ’s work does that.
Inside you I am one with the goddess and blessed by her velvet touch.
The best part about college is probably that you get to choose classes that sound all fancy but the ultimate outcome is pretty much useless.
Darren Hedley, Neil Brewer, Robyn Young
2900B Devine Street
Sorry I've been gone for a few days everyone, I've been a bit busy working. Claire and I think we'll be ready to set up shop by the middle of August or failing that the beginning of September and we're so excited! Eeeh!
When Cults debuted two summers ago with a 7” of three of the best crafted, Phil Spector influenced pop songs I’d heard in a long time, I played that thing out until their album finally gave me a slightly wider array of songs to choose from. But sometimes even when you love a band, it can take a turn of events, a change of perspective, or just the right moment for a song of theirs to stand out in a new light. For me, one of these moments happened at Turner Hall where I had the opportunity to see them live. I had come to see them play “Go Outside” “Most Wanted” and “Abducted”, the songs that up until that point had defined them as a band in my mind. But all that was shuffled around when they played “You Know What I Mean”.
Robin Hill — Professor, Department of Art
I used some wrapping paper to make my card so it matches the present I have wrapped up for them. The paper is beautiful and I used several elements from it as embellishments on my card. The border was punched with a Fiskars border punch and the little hearts are also punched with Fiskars lever punch. The die cut swirls are from whiff of Joy.
The lampworked beads are from Sue Beads (I love her stuff!), the sterling teardrops are from my LBS and the heart sterling chain is also from my massive shopping trip at Tucson. Um, did you notice that the chain on the left earring is a bit wonky? I didn't notice that when I was taking the picture and did I mentioned it was about 115 degrees out there? I wasn't going to go back out there...
2. Connections were made: To me, that’s the real value of a TweetUp; connecting with folks in real-time. Business cards were flying everywhere! That was one of the intentions when we came up with this idea last year, for some like-minded folks to come together and share. Now we just need a few more cool folks to come out…
Question: If you had to pick only 5 books to ever read again, what would they be and why?
In a third bowl, whisk the flour, sea salt, baking soda, rosemary, and black pepper, and parmesan. In three additions, stir the flour mixture into the oat mixture until combined. If dough seems excessively dry, sprinkle tiny amount of water in until workable. Form desired size scoops of dough and place on parchment lined sheet tray. Flatten each piece of dough to about 1/4-inch thick. Sprinkle tops with fleur de sel and bake for approx. 20 minutes, or until the edges are slightly darkened and tops have firmness when pressed. Cool on rack and serve with a soft cheese and wine.
To master the recognition of the way of truth
Your sister sees the future
AWESOME PLACE - if you are ever coming to Tempe or Phoenix or Mesa or Scottsdale; you may want to consider staying here - you will NOT regret it!!!
Bought new by my
Yes. I know Vida Vegan Con has been over for about 2 weeks now. This update is way later than intended because life has been extremely busy over here with school. Also, my pics aren't the greatest because I forgot my camera almost all the time (3 out of the 4 days). But some fun was had. Oh, yes! So about Portland...
So now, whenever Charlie walks out the door and sees the gnomes, he pulls the "Juliet" gnome out of the ground and throws her down on our driveway. Her head has been broken off and glued back at least 4 times now. I'm pretty sure he does it just to tick Avery off.
“Marley?” Roland, once again, broke the peace.
1. Improve your time management and organization skills.
Title: Not Exactly Our World
One necessary part of the writing process is sending out your manuscript to beta readers. No matter how good a story may be in your mind, there's no real way of knowing how it will be received until you put it to the test with real live readers. Plus, no matter how many times you go over your manuscript, there's simply a point when you become blinded to its flaws. I've referred to this as living inside the monkey house. It's always best to find out if that manuscript you believe is the complete shiznit...well, isn't in reality just a big pile o' shit.
Tony as the photographer, Charlotte as the awesome model and I was helping out as “model-coach” (I still don’t know what to call it instead).
For me, the moment of despair and frustration tended to come upon me while sitting in the hot circle of a high intensity desk lamp, alone and blurry-eyed. Why do I have to do this? I'll never use it in real life. And indeed I know I am not the only one who hasn't factored a quadratic equation since high school, yet I do employ some of the philosophy, the hard logic, of algebra nearly every day. I was right about the specifics, but wrong about its usefulness.
European passport holders, including British travellers, had to wait longer than the 25-minute limit on five occasions. There were even 20 delays at the fast-track ‘e-gates’.
The darkness edged in slowly, un-sure quite where to put it’s feet safely without stepping in to something nasty. You know when they say night fell or darkness fell well that is just what the darkness was afraid of.
The racist judge, Patrick Treston, declined media applications to publish police station CCTV footage of the assault. (Source)
"Well … he was insistent. He wanted to meet tonight," I explained. "Besides, mabuti na lang pinilit niya ako because he's cute pala! (Besides, it's a good thing he did because he turned out to be cute!) He's a doctor honey!"
(13-14 years old) again BUT with the addition of alcohol and hooking up. (Aka this is my warning for any moms out there. It’s there, written in as part of life, but isn’t the focus) Flows well. Follows Kelsey Finklestein basically for an entire school year. It may seem predictable at times, but it reads like a good movie for the younger angsty set.
Everyone who shares with us on Spiritual Sundays is a blessing to me. Please click on the picture at the left to go to that blog and prepare to be blessed by what others have shared. If you have never shared there before, we hope you will consider doing so. Everyone is welcome. When you get to the Spiritual Sundays blog, click on Linking Info under the header picture for more information.
No your eyes do not deceive you, I am also wearing running leggings!!!!
It is a big problem. One only has to spend a short time in Oncology to realise just how common the problem is.
For many people aprons embody memories of happy times with their mother or grandmother. They represent love, security and simpler times. Are there any other aprons out there? If so, please send me your photos and your memories.
4 April 2012
This filling could be used in pies from yeast or unleavened dough, or puff pastry, apple turnovers or apple donuts.
-Sliced avocado
These are my favorite alternative to plain champagne, but they certainly aren’t the only options. I’d love to hear what your favorite New Years Eve drinks are. Better yet, why not be creative, and come up with a new sparkling cocktail this Holiday season!
You can tell when you're getting close because all of a sudden you'll see lots of people riding bicycles painted in Google's colors. The company provides them to employees to ride from building to building.
For batch number 100, I'm using Beer Tools Pro to formulate my own recipe. The hope is to get honey-type flavors from Honey Malt and some lemony tartness from Sorachi Ace hops and blend them into a pleasantly quaffable brew. I based the recipe on a blonde ale and tweaked it from there. I've added 1/2 oz. Sorachi Ace at the last 5 minutes and will dry hop with the other 1/2 oz. Bittering and flavoring used 1/2 oz. of Amarillo for each. I'm anxious to see how this will turn out. It could be real good or could be off the mark.
"Fascism repudiates the conception of "economic" happiness"
I feel like doing something a little different, maybe some needlework. I know I have a couple of half-done cross-stitches in my cupboard somewhere.
MALAYSIA, despite almost 55 years of nation-building, has degenerated into an intolerant and prejudiced society. Progress in education and economy has not made us think liberally and outwardly.
The complainant, a mother, and her daughter (4) were asleep in their home on the mine property, in Weaver Street., each in their own bedroom.
First thing that comes to mind is indulge my love for travel in a place I’ve never been before and share it with my husband and sister and brother-in-law.
If you’re in the market for some great literature or curriculum, I highly recommend Homeschool Library Builder. They are a great source for those diamonds in the rough we sometimes have trouble mining anywhere else! : )
B.Sc. (Honours) Chemistry
B & W originals?
Finally, even if the universe could oscillate from eternity past, such a universe would require an infinitely precise fine-tuning of initial conditions in order to persist through an infinite number of successive bounces. Thus, the mechanism Dawkins envisions for generating his many worlds is not simple but just the opposite. Moreover, such a universe involves a fine-tuning of a very bizarre sort since the initial conditions have to be set at minus infinity in the past. But how could that be done if there was no beginning?
My broken heart
Respond kindly. For "Oh-So-Obvious" advice, a simple and genuine Thank you will do the trick. I can be genuinely thankful for the person's attempt to help, even if it isn't that helpful.
begin at 6:30.
Delirium by Lauren Oliver
So instead of correcting someone's grammar today, "march forth" and boldly split an infinitive.
Don Howard called our “intermission” at about 3 a.m. The candles were lit once again, and we prepared to go get some sleep. I was still quite dizzy from the brew and from my deep experiences. I weaved my way back to my room like a drunken sailor, much to the amusement of Howard.
Govea will be charged with escape.
The first photo is of an ordinary day at my work table in its usual disarray with a few collections added for the photo. The black & white piece of art at the back of the table is an original work done personally for me by Ketut Lyer, the Balinese artist in "Eat, Pray Love" by Elizabeth Gilbert. It is a drawing of Saraswati, the goddess of art, music and literature and below her (which you can't see in this photo) is ancient scripture and prayers. She is my muse when I am working.
“Oh!” Obadiah was stunned. He was almost certain he’d never come across Mr Marshall Marshall before. “I’m..glad to make your acquaintance, Sir,” he said.
We create
Since I was a teenager, I've had an affinity for writer Langston Hughes, the revolutionary jazz poet who was born 110 years ago today in 1902. I grew up about an hour away from Langston's birthplace in Joplin, Mo. One of the brightest lights of the Harlem Renaissance grew up here?, I frequently pondered in English class. In fact, Hughes is considered Joplin's most famous son.*
Children are dreaming of emulating their heroes and Warburton believes the development system can keep Wales battling with the best.
In fact, the last time I remember enjoying a soccer game, was in 1982...in this photo below. My dad was my Coach and I was 7. My mom rocked my pigtails and let's be honest, it's really all about the hair and a rocking uniform color. Am I right? Kelly green EUYSA vneck and white shorts? Yes freaking please! Kelly green knee high socks with a white fold down top? *swoon* Please also note that I have the exact same hair now, minus the bangs, and I wore pigtails yesterday. Thankyouverymuch.
Establish a Security Plan
Until next time... I'm Eli the Mad Man of Beer telling you to put on your helmet panty and always be ready for a hip check, 'cuz the last thing you want is a giner shiner! Boooya!
When I walked into a shop that sold useless knick-knacks two older ladies with granny glasses and frizzy white hair smiled at me like an old friend they shared a bong with in the middle of Max Yasgur’s farm in the pouring rain covered in mud chanting for the rain to stop waiting for the great Santana to take the stage. At least it seemed like they were looking at me like that.
Laura looked up, surprised by Hayley’s impulse to move forward on the matter. It wasn’t like her. Usually Hayley would already have crept out of the room, leaving Laura alone with her guilt; sure that she would beg forgiveness from her younger sibling eventually, holding a grudge until the very last second.
And crows.
The weeks leading up to this trip I was really getting excited and ready to go but deep down inside the devil was working on me I think. I had this feeling that I was going to get there and not want to be. Was I wrong? Finally getting to Kombolcha after 15 hours of plane travel one day and 8 hours riding in a sardine can the next, I was starting to feel that this was going to be AWESOME. When we pulled up to the care point and there were kids there to greet us as we got out of the vans like we were famous was a really good feeling. I shook so many hands and still hadn’t got in the gate!!! Once in the gate I heard clapping as I walked down this path in the trees. It started out a faint sound but as I got closer the volume got louder. As I walked into the “church”, which was a cleaned out chicken house, the noise was incredible!!! So many hands clapping and kids smiling at me was a little overwhelming. I stood in front of these kids and just took it all in. WOW!!!! As I stood there, I was scanning them looking for the girl Deanna and I sponsor. I couldn’t find her though. After we got introduced to them, we went out to hug and meet them. I shook their hands, fist bumped, and hugged so many of them as I could. Greg and I started a huge rock, paper, scissors game. I’m not sure who was winning because there were so many playing. The ladies in our group were taking pictures and hugging as well. Thank goodness for digital cameras because the kids love to see themselves in the pictures after you take them. During this time, I’m pretty sure Sandy hugged and kissed every single one of these kids. IMAGINE THAT!!! Here was another warm fuzzy moment for me. Getting to interact with them was a blast. I was still looking for my sponsored girl and couldn’t find her. I felt down a little bit cause I couldn’t. Where was this face on my refrigerator???
Press gently to make a chip sandwich.
Since we went out to dinner on Saturday night to celebrate my mom’s birthday, we had the family over on Monday (her actual birthday) for a home cooked meal at the apartment. We went to Whole Foods to buy all the ingredients and grabbed lunch while we were there. Since Whole Foods is a bit of a drive, I don’t get to go their often, so when I do get the chance to go, I like to load up on the loose spinach.
-add all the vegetables in same order because its always better to add harder veggeis first so all get evenly cooked
you would like. Do you have a drop roller coaster in your town? How
I really wanted to use buttons on this but Peter really felt they wasn't working (don't know why I'm still listening to what HE thinks LOL!). So I went with Ethan's opinion - he liked the flowers!!!
‘History reveals it is mostly by blood that the genealogy of power is secured throughout the ages. And all those unrelated to the head snakes, have been royally approved to do evil in their name. A cast of sociopaths commanding a tribe of psychopaths. It is no coincidence that all the usual suspects appear prominently on the membership list of Bilderberg. Needless to say they rarely miss a meeting.
3 Anerley Road
I wondered whats there to haste…..
Score is based off of a 1971 off-Broadway play of the same title, written by Jerry Douglas. Douglas, who is a Yale Drama School graduate, reprises his role as writer for the film, and changes very little from the play. Also reappearing from the original off-Broadway production is lead actress Claire Wilbur. It is obvious, in the film, that she knows the character of Elvira inside and out, but she does not come away with the best performance in the film because some of her scenes seem forced. Lynn Lowry plays the young, naïve role wonderfully, and is in excellent contrast to the confident, wily Elvira character. The men in the film are standouts as well, and it is obvious why Cal Culver goes on from Score to become a homosexual film icon. The script doesn’t hold up well by today’s standards, but it doesn’t need to because it is just there to get the characters to the bedroom (or the basement, or the living room, or wherever else they might want to copulate).
67. It was a queer, sultry summer, the summer they electrocuted the Rosenbergs, and I didn't know what I was doing in New York. —Sylvia Plath, The Bell Jar (1963)
a lovely strip of lace, lace butterfly and a Doo Hickey Bloomy Tag die with pink tulle finish it off,
By David Loughrey
Like Paul as in the Bible Paul. I’m thinking about my favorite book in the Bible Philippians…where he is sitting prison wondering when and if he’ll ever see the light of freedom again.
It was so HOT one day, that we went to the Ogunquit Maine beach and hung out in bathing suits. I totally would have gone swimming if the water wasn't about 48 degrees.
Funny Games (original version)
I guess running a marathon is a lot like writing a novel. All those hours spent training (or writing), the highs and lows, the will-I-get-to-the-end? angst, the pain and the anguish when it's not looking good, the soaring joy when you turn a corner and realise you can see a way through to the end... Gosh, I'm being very deep and meaningful here today - sorry. I don't know what's come over me. Am I making any sense?
So what is the reality of the job market for disabled people? Can we compete with other, non-disabled, people? IDS says yes, but once again the reality is something different. While I was claiming JSA and before DWP accepted that I really wasn’t fit enough to work, I sent out around 200 job applications. I had two decades worth of cutting edge engineering development experience on prominent multinational projects, and a CV that multiple employment consultants said could not be bettered, and I was registered with all of the appropriate specialist recruitment agencies; so how many interviews did I land? One. And that was from a company specifically looking to cherry-pick people with my skillset being made redundant by my ex-employer and which was working directly with the outsourcing consultants. Even more alarming, interviewers working for a company which made a selling point of its socially responsible employment policies admitted that it had never occurred to them that they might actually get a disabled job applicant. And that one interview is now nearly three years in the past, when the jobs market was in a far better condition than the state it has slid to under the Coalition.
Coke submitted advertising, like that shown above, demonstrating how the ZERO mark is used in a trademark sense. Moreover, the products have been widely discussed in the media.
On an unrelated personal note, I want to apologise for the delay in producing the next post in the series. This is due to a combination of other work needing to take priority and a septic thumb, resulting in all typing being done with one hand.
Have a great Monday!!!
I'm pissed off at genetics. I wish that my kids didn't have to suffer with bizarre allergies, thanks to the wonders of being my child. My three year old is currently sporting a scalp full of welts after reacting to colored hair spray. How he hasn't scratched all his skin off yet, I'm not quite sure.
And someone you love to lay next to
So Chris, that's why you are my hero. Even as a young boy, you had the courage to stand up to your big brother and tell me what you thought of who I had become. You held me to the highest of standards, and when I let you down, you still found the compassion in your heart to forgive me. You have proven time and time again that your courage and your character are strong enough to withstand any challenge that comes your way. Your strength and perseverance are an inspiration to everyone who knows you. In dedicated service to your country, you nearly lost everything. But you refused to let your injuries beat you. You refused to give up. And for that, Chris, I salute you. My brother. My friend. My hero.
(5) To promote and support suchother charitable purposes or institutions as the Trustee may from time to time think fit.
While her only son fought in France
And contrary to Nancy's good advice, I have spent the day inside slaving over 103,000 words and trying to find somewhere in the house light enough to be able to read without turning the lights on. Like so many thrifty practices, there is a downside, and in this case my efforts at being thrifty have led to collateral damage in terms of aching eyes (not such a good idea) and a certain weariness of mien.
Nothing so perfectly illustrates the hilarious absurdity of death (or life for that matter). Afterwards the same woman engaged me in a conversation that was more like top-trump-grief. ‘No one could ever be sadder about this than me,’ she informed. Over her shoulder I saw an old school friend making the international symbol for fancy a pint? (which in my opinion is the only genuinely helpful thing a person can say to someone when they’ve lost a loved one). ‘Congratulations,’ I replied, ‘you’re the winner!’ She seemed pleased with her triumph, so that’s good. A few days later she emailed me some photos of the coffin with the subject header ‘Hope these help.’ There was a great cathersises in pressing delete so, in a way, they did. Dad told me that I should have replied with ‘Not well at the mo – here’s a picture of my poo.’ Maybe it was an opportunity wasted, but it didn’t seem suitable at the time, and I’m sure her heart was in the right place. Anyway, we dined out on it for weeks.
They looked for Jesus and said to one another as they were in the temple area, “What do you think? That he will not come to the feast?”
So no ridin
As much as I protested, he implored that he would save money over renting a place, money over a hotel, and that he was “only little” and fit quite nicely in the back seat. He also said, “I’m a camper at heart; this is fine.”
I suggest baking a dozen at a time (even if you have two pans) because they stay more moist, cook faster and puff nicer.
The Role of the Guru and Deity in Experiences
T o “thank” is a command.
Whatever the hell my problem was, things could be a lot worse. I’m alive, and back on the path of being healthy and I should be happy with that, instead of letting some outside force bring me down.
I get myself all worked up for nothing, I realize. Do I consider the appearance of my friends? No. These harsh judgements I reserve for myself alone. Honestly, I know that few people even really care a whit about how I look. Oh the vanity.
I’m interested in my own feelings about CCTV as well, even surprised by them. Until recently I didn’t know I cared about cameras in sacred spaces at all. Yet I keep returning to religious angles that I’ve never pursued in the past. I wonder who would want surveillance cameras above the pews glaring down at the worshippers? What could be so alarming to a room full of gun-owning, God-fearing middle-aged white people in a small town run by other white people? In other words, who really needs sacred security, and what is so damn frightening that you’d replace the free-flowing calm and compassionate welcome of the idealized church with an ominous sense of lock-down? Apparently, it is not enough that some deacons areliterally carrying guns to Sunday services or that some pastors are literally clasping specially-designed bulletproof Bible holders at the altars. Something else is needed to assuage the fear.
we’ll use those same lips
A zebra dies and arrives at the Pearly Gates. As he enters, he asked St. Peter, "I have a question that's haunted me all of my days on earth. Am I white with black stripes, or am I black with white stripes?"
So the way it works. I go in for an ultrasound on CD 2. This is just a baseline ultrasound. On CD 3-7 I take Clomid. This should stimulate my ovaries to produce eggs. The more the merrier (to a degree anyway...no Jon and Kate plus 8 for me!). On CD 12 I go in again for an ultrasound and blood work. They'll check my estrogen and LH.
Pens:
Speaking of turtle holes. I fell into, what Rachel describes as, a turtle hole. She didn't even hear me fall--it was a "silent fall." Haha! She was all "Oh my gosh, are you OK?!" And I was all "Oh my gosh...my camera! Check my lens...is there sand in it? I can't bare to look!" Luckily the lens was sand-free and we went on our merry ways.
“A kid will say, ‘Can we get ice cream on the way home?’ And the parent will say, ‘No, it’s not our day. Ice-cream day is Friday.’ Then the child will push and negotiate, and the parent, who probably thinks negotiating is ‘honoring her child’s opinion,’ will say, ‘Fine, we’ll get ice cream today, but don’t ask me tomorrow, because the answer is no!’”A "no way" with an arbitrary reason, followed by a reluctant "yes" with a hint of "you are such a pain." If this person treats adults this way, I doubt she has many friends.
by Moriah Marston & the Tibetan
Sharing some motherly wisdom using the letter N.
Carol Ann Duffy
‘The power which imposes the levy is ridiculous, and he thus performs an absurd miracle to show how unimportant the power is. The miracle displays the complete indifference of Jesus to the king, the temple authorities, etc. Catch a fish – any fish – and you will find the coin in its mouth. We find once again the typical attitude of Jesus. He devalues political and religious power. He makes it plain that it is not worth submitting and obeying except in a ridiculous way.’
This is a concord grape.
In fact, it was her idea.
4-When you go to the supermarket you use a shopping trolley and not a basket.
“It’s not the school that forced her to become a Muslim,” one source that is annoyed at the compensation says.
· Frequently say that those not accepting their heretical teaching are “Putting God in a box”
"I do feel better...You do have magic powers."
We also want to know your birthday so we can give you a little gift on your special day (for those that can come by the store that is).
It surprised me, but I couldn’t really tell right off the bat that it was Hugh Grant voicing The Pirate Captain here, but when I did notice it, I thought it was a great role for him considering this guy never does such a kiddie thing like this. Grant still sounds very Grant-ish with a whole bunch of nervous stammering as the usually, less-than-bright kind of character he usually plays in these flicks. I also have to say that it was pretty cool to see Grant not try to be all goofy as Captain here and try to do what Johnny Depp. Instead, he goes right back to the good old days when pirates were a bit goofy but still cool deep down inside.
How many times worn:
1/4 cup pecorino or parmesan, plus more for serving
Alright, it's time to do the team randomization for Group Break #5! I can't wait to start the break (the three preview packs served to only whet my appetite)! I had to claim the last slot so I choose the Mariners - and now, it's time to randomize the 15 unclaimed teams. After three randomizations (as I always do), I then assign the following teams in the order of claimed teams (alphabetically by team, in other words Jaybarkerfan who claimed the Braves gets team #1 in the list, Pop Startled team #2, etc.).
The first thing you need to do is upload the photo or pattern that you wish to use to an image hosting site. For this I've used Photobucket.
But regardless of the out-of-town destination, it’s the people around you who make it all the more worthwhile and memorable.
This tight family experience it all together, the three boys witness to their parents lows and even, in one eye-opening scene for them, their highs. Even the possible life-changing moment when Ma bundles boys and a few hastily grabbed possessions into the new truck she so hated her husband buying (it being a totally impractical bit of posturing without even enough seatbelts for the family) ends with them all returning at the end of the day, having experienced worry that she might actually do it, excitement at the change and finally as they drive back up to the house 'when it was safe to feel let down, we did.' Outside of the home the boys know that their best hope for survival is together and they tend to roam about as a pack. As they grow older their wish to escape is tempered by a sense of how dangerous and difficult the world around them is. Manny's increasingly religious talk leads him declare, after another abortive attempt at flight, that "God's scattered all the clean among the dirty. You and me and Joel, we're nothing more than a fistful of seed that God tossed into the mud and horseshit. We're on our own."
Geranium phaeum ‘Samobor’ – This variety of Mourning Widow Cranesbill was discovered in 1990 in Kent England. Although phaeum is considered a woodland species, on ‘Samobor’ the deep maroon rings (on finely cut, forest green leaves) darken nicely with a bit of sun. The plum-purple flowers (with white eye) are borne May to July. Grows 24-30″ high. Zone 4.
The Cliff-Hanger: Picture, if you will, a man who is hanging off the side of a cliff. To prevent his descent into oblivion, he grabs hold of a tree branch. He does so by intending to hold onto the tree branch. But here the intention is simultaneous with, rather than temporally prior, to the actual act of holding onto the branch.
We expect reason to lead us to consensus — to a free, uncoerced consensus. And sometimes it can. But what happens when it doesn’t? What do we do when a reasonable conversation fails to reconcile our differences?
sprinkle the discs with baking soda
3/4C grated cheese
Big loans are contracted to build projects like presidential palaces enjoyed only by the politicians and the poor are made to pay for it. Like the slavery of old, the politicians, their families, the businessmen and the well connected are not hurt by the storm of poverty in Africa. Despite receiving hundreds of billions of dollars in loans and grants from Europe, Japan, US, IMF and World Bank there is nothing to show for it as poverty continue to swallow the people. The reason is that these loans and grants do not see the light, they are stolen the very day they are released and the poor people are paying for it. This explains why many countries have applied for the HIPC (Highly Indebted Poor Countries) initiative. These corrupt Slave Masters and their associates are holding the people captive with their short sighted, ill-conceived, vote buying, and cosmetic economic policies and programmes thereby giving the people no chance to develop.
I used a single punched bloom to make the buds and then just tucked a McGill Starburst punched from card stock in the middle.
One of our now ‘ex’ students, who wrote the exams and failed, emailed me to advise me that the programme was silly and that she would rather do something that she has for life and does not need to do a stupid thing like recertify. I was amazed – all learning is there for a life time – no matter how big or small but the learning can grow in to so much more if you are encouraged and motivated to build on it.
“I think he has pretty good voice, actually.”
Next time Trefcer and her son stumble across a racy magazine cover, she should start a conversation with him. Ask him some questions. Point out the difference between fantasy (magazine cover photo shoots, adults playing teenagers on TV) and reality (Lea Michele is 24 years old; she likes — and is allowed — to dress up in fancy clothes sometimes). If the boy wants to read magazines, offer him a subscription to Boys' Life or Sports Illustrated for Kids.
Avocado : 1
The first step is to transfer the image onto the carving surface. I outlined using the sharpie to transfer the image:
Gordon was immediately drawn to Glenna when they met. Drawn in by her passion, Gordon had a tumultuous and emotional relationship with Glenna. Things gradually begin to go wrong though, and soon something that seemed very right is very wrong. Thirty-plus years after a horrible end, Gordon is once again seeking Glenna. As the grasp to figure out what went wrong in the past, they also work together to figure out their futures. Can you relive the past?
Undoubtedly we live in a world that is transforming before our very eyes. The advancements that we, as a human species, are capable of making in a single year are incredibly remarkable. Not only have these changes affected how we live, but they are also changing how we think, what we think, what we value and the very structure of our personal and social existence. With these changes, the world which was already a mysterious place, I believe is becoming even more ambiguous. There is less certainty than every before about what is happening to our world: is it warming or is it cooling? are we being more or less just to our fellow human beings? is the community truly global or is it still local? The binary nature of these very questions is what strikes me most of all because the are opposites and extremes of each other, and more than likely the answers to these, and many other questions like them, lie “in-between”, in the gray, in ambiguity.
Go to Kearsney College if you want to see how the other 1% live. If the school didn’t have its name on the gate I would have thought we were in Narnia. I’ve never seen so many trust-fund kids in my life… and that’s just at the boerewors stand… SORRY, Venison stand. Apparently Boerewors is so 2011. I was half expecting the halftime show to be prancing ponies or something equestrian, so imagine my disappointment when Richard Branson skydived off Everest and landed on the field.
And then of course there’s the promise for Christians who die. All of this grief stuff is really our problem isn’t it! It’s our loss – but their gain.
Here's a short excerpt:
Healing power
Much of the current trouble would have existed with or without Blagojevich. But when fiscal times get tough, it falls to the governor to tell the Legislature “no.” In the middle of this decade, while neighbors like Indiana (BEESIN) were getting their fiscal houses in order, Blagojevich was the one telling the kids in the Legislature to eat all the candy they wanted and stay up as late as they felt like. And that has left lawmakers with a much bigger mess to clean up now.
Rowley say he have no confidence in Kamla….Grossly Incompetent…..and poor taste in bling! The Opposition making its move. Between looming strikes, Glibbs, raids and now this…is pressure that might buss Bissessar pipe!
I know I haven't been very busy here on my blog, but I have been busy. :0)
Yesterday we focused on collages in a class for 3-5 year olds and in Drop-in Art where children of all ages come to create.
1410 Dollar Ave. Durham NC 27701
So here we are, starstruck and head-over-heels-in-love when we were 17. Rick had hair. I was a bleached blonde and thought I was sooooooooo fat. I would give my cushy tushy to be that fat again! You can see my teddy bear necklace in this photo. That was my first gift from Rick. He gave it to me at our high school prom which was a few weeks before our graduation. I still have it. :) Oh, check out my Farrah Fawcett hair, ha ha!
Along with words and structures no directly translatable, there are in every language idioms—certain set expressions that have developed solely writing that language and have no force outside it. When idioms occur in the Hebrew and Greek of the Bible, translators must choose among several possibilities: (1) they may translate the idiom directly when the result will make some degree of sense in the receptor language (2) they may capture just the main point of the idiom and abandon tits colorful dress; or (3) they may substitute for the idiom an approximately equivalent idiom in the receptor language.
And now I’m supposed to tag seven authors…which is going to be hard. So I’m going to think on that, and see who I can come up with who hasn’t been tagged already. In the meantime, check out Krista’s blog to see who she tagged in case you want to go read their 7 Meme’s.
4. Denard Robinson, Michigan – Really think he’s going to have a big year, beating Alabama in week one would almost certainly vault him to the top.
India leaves little room for in-betweens. No middle class. No maybe. And just like that, you either loathe it or love it. To hate it is easy. You choose it. Like anything else. You choose absolute repulsion. But even choices are difficult, if only consequentially. To love it is far easier. All that’s required is the slight dumbing down of the senses, (in some cases, you may have to dumb these down to a very large degree), an exaggerated sense of objectivity, (fake it till you make it), and an opening up of the self to such an extent that you seek less to understand and more to just accept (in a very Mahatma Ghandi sense- naturally). Which reminds me of something he said: happiness is when your thoughts, actions and words are all the same thing - but I’m paraphrasing and could be wrong.
I'm sorry but I thought you were my friend.
"Sure."
Scottish stuff
The plan is to simply use rodent proof wire fencing ($25 for a 50 foot roll) for the border attached to metal stakes, and then chicken wire inside the actual gate (the remaining chicken wire will be used for the rabbit hutch). The gate is actually 2 gates, each 4' wide so when both are open we have an 8' opening to back the truck in to dump the compost/wood chips.
c.Regardless of relation
I think that this is a very concise and metered view of the issue. While the idea of versus populum can exist, the reality is that because most (if not all) churches had an altar which was already apt, the iconoclasm really began. I know that this is not brought up, but it does fly in the face of the Consilium. The men who comprise the Consilium left just enough to allow for ad orientem worship, but clearly were pushing an agenda which would lead to the almost universal destruction of the oriented position. We as Catholics have a patrimony and from the earliest days of the Church we have seen it borne out in the liturgy. We must make it known to our bishops and priests that an oriented liturgy is more in keeping with the Sacred Mysteries. The versus populum argument is rooted, in it's heart with a humanist bent. The Mass is not ordered to man, but to God. Facing man (as the norm) is not being authentic.
My parents grew up in one of the poorest French-Canadian neighborhoods of Montreal where you couldn't expect anything from life unless you spoke English. After the Second World War, things started changing and French-Canadians began to work at gaining their political, economical and cultural maturity and autonomy. So it was quite an achievement for my parents only to be able to afford such an impressive (and expensive) piece of furniture, the only one we've ever got in all my life, cause still today, most of the furniture in the house was bought in garage sales or given by friends and relatives who were getting rid of their old furniture to get new ones.
Touch my mouth ere you depart, press my lips close,
Roerich said “through Beauty we pray, with Beauty we conquer”
2 card stock packs
6 Brand new products are included in this grab bag:- full previews in store:
-we had just lost an important project (that the swedish, our main competitor, won).
Hundreds of Taser-related deaths have been reported in recent years, and have risen due to increased use by cops and security officials.
Finally, his success in interpreting dreams for the cupbearer of Pharaoh sees’s Joseph rise to become the prime minister in Egypt. When in this position, he provides for his family, saves them from famine and reconciles with his family. Then Joseph makes one of the most incredible statements when in Genesis 50 verse 20 he tells his brothers ‘…you meant evil against me, but God meant it for good…’
They could be enchanted so that their wielder can see them, but the enemy can’t. They could suddenly (and scarily) sprout long clawed tendrils or chains when an enemy is within arm’s-length, trying to grab him.
Ah, steampunk meets the wild, wild west. Mine-dwelling zombies, a down-on-her-luck witch, and a fancy, Eastern warlock with something to hide. Snake oil salesmen, the expansion of the railroad, fast-talking cowboys, and a healthy dose of magic. I absolutely cannot WAIT to read this book, and I'm staring at the mailbox RIGHT NOW, waiting for Amazon to hurry up and bring it to me.
A Circle Line Cruise of Manhattan is a touristy experience. well, of course it is. If you weren’t a tourist, you wouldn’t be doing it. Its whole raison d’etre is to give visitors a snapshot history of the city, and allow them to take their own snapshots of the New York skyline and the Statue of Liberty.
And all three of her older brothers.
Substitutions: The project suggests to use liquid water colors. I don’t have any liquid water colors, so I used good ole food dye. It worked out just fine. Also, I used 8 cups of rice per color instead of 4 cups. I decreased the amount of rubbing alcohol to 5 T. per 8 cups vs the 3T for 4 cups. The project also says to use 2T of food coloring. That would be way too much using the dye that I used. Maybe the 2T was suggested for the liquid water colors.
Furthermore, putting a spotlight on Ann Romney was a GIGANTIC mistake on the part of the Democrats because it only reveals that Republican women can kick some serious ass without even looking like they’re fighting.
For those of you who don't know about this feature, UMT is short for Use My Tangle - a feature wherein i select one of the tangles that YOU created as the challenge for the week. The UMT will happen the first Monday of the month, and if you have a tangle that you'd like to submit to this, you can use the link above, or follow this link here
He can stop her from leaving the country with a court order. He can take another wife without her permission if he has a court order. (By the by, do you know how easy it is to get a court order in America? Pretty damn easy.)
One learns the power of rhythm through use of inflection, learns to listen to the subtleties in dialog...
Jason discovers the secret lower-class practice and decides that this is the place for him; working hard and having fun. It's a nice move story-wise, because not only does it fill Jinguk's spot, shows that the lower-class fold is opening up to new people. Soon, everyone will want in.
Thanks for checking me out today! hope your spring season is looking up! and shaping up for an awesome gardening season! have a good one!
26 might
1 cup cold strong brewed coffee
But on the basis that he wrapped up pain and love into one inextricable package, I am fond of who I think he might be.
What scares me most about the movie is when Jack is completely taken over. There is something so scary about his actions and his voice. The idea of domestic abuse taken to the most extreme. It’s haunting and terrible. That’s why I’ve chosen this scene.
We, as teachers should not release statements or judge on things outside our field, mainly when our statement is to be published and spread out widely. Except, of course we do this within our peers or community, for internal discussion or sharing opinion and the like. Spreading information which is not based on the deep relevant knowledge ("deep" here means deep understanding about things, comprehend the things from many different points of view), will led people to a worse understanding. We should only comment on the things which we really are expert in.
Another woman I spoke to this week recalled seeing her former boss, a senior figure at a well-known advertising agency, 'drinking' vodka through his eye at an advertising party.
STEVE WRIGHT IN THE AFTERNOON (RADIO 2)
1. Prometheus
When Krono was finished, he walked to me and licked my cheek. “Thank you Cyrthia. That was a very good breakfast indeed.” I coughed, my chest scales heaving. “Goddess, Krono! Must you do that after you’ve just eaten? My brother, your breath does stink, you know!” He flinched back as I growled, but then I felt bad. “I’m sorry my brother.” I turned away and laid my head on my feet. It was hard to live among a little brother and no one else. It is part of the reason I missed my mother so. She was the one I talked to all the time, the one dragon that I could count on to tell my problems to. And now, she’s gone with father, hatching eggs at the nesting grounds, leaving us behind for the 8 months that they would be there.
Winner, César Awards 2001 – Best Supporting Actor (Gerard Lanvin)
To how close this war may be the FSB in their report states that it will be “much sooner than later” as the Americans have pre-positioned in Iraq nearly 2,000 of their M1 Abrams main battle tanks, have pre-positioned another 2,000 of them in Afghanistan, and between the Middle East and Asia have, likewise, put into these war theaters tens-of-thousands of other typed armored vehicles. This should be a grave cause of concern for Pakistan.
For some, it is the first time and they anxiously fidget in order to look their best; others are here to try their luck once again, sharing their audition experiences and tips with the newbies.
Written by Ibrahim Abdul’Aziz
Internet Millionaire Secret #6: Set up your business so that you are replaceable. You can make yourself replaceable by branding. Branding encompasses yourself or the value that you provide. Branding yourself is lucrative, but it doesn’t allow you to take a break because you have to make every decision. Branding your value, on the other hand, sells your expertise and not your time.
Viking Blond
"Nothing.... you don't love me anymore."
Anyways dinner was great, the stuff over here is a whole lot better than Olive Garden. Afterwards we decided to walk to Kopakabana, an amazing gelateria which has quickly become a group favorite. Their Fondente gelato is to die for, it’s ice cream that tastes like ganache! If it wasn’t for my utter disability to make decisions I never would have tried this flavor. Since I can never decide what to get (because it all looks so amazing….) I have started asking all the workers what their favorite is, “Quale la sua preferita?”. So far this has worked out fantastic. Who would have ever thought that creamed rice gelato would be good!? I also managed to get a very delicious beer from the girl that works at the Irish Pub using this method. Which also conveniently happened to be cheaper than everybody else’s…..
I’m looking forward to making music again, rather than just noise. I’m looking forward to moments in the green pasture, beside the quiet water where truly I will find refreshment. I’m looking forward to listening to my spirit and finding that place where God’s rhythm is once again fully present in my life.
Now I did say I had a dishcloth update as well lol. I finished Dominic's cloth which was a Wimbourne Wasp one, a quidditch team featured in the Harry Potter books. He wanted a black and yellow colourway.
Boys are so much sillier than girls!
It will also serve the proposed Ann Arbor to Detroit commuter rail line. Eventually, the commuter rail line will allow easy bus connection to the Detroit Metropolitan Airport.
THBHS Blog (thbhsblog.wordpress.com) is a participant in the Amazon Services LLC and Amazon EU Associates Programmes designed to provide a means for sites to earn advertising fees by advertising and linking to amazon.com, amazon.ca, amazon.co.uk, amazon.de, amazon.fr, amazon.it and amazon.es. Certain content that appears on this website comes from Amazon Services LLC and/or Amazon EU. This content is provided “as is” and is subject to change or removal at any time.
Her erected clit was exposed from under its little hood; it had exposed itself blatantly to seek relief from the divine ache that stiffened it. and began to draw on it as if it was going to yield milk. I wrapped my tongue around it and began to stroke the underside of it with my tongue. Her legs began to tremble and she left out a groaning growl that was followed by pelvic thrusts that told me an orgasm was winding up deep inside her drooling pussy with a ferocity and willfulness that was robbing her of all coherent thought. I know her response so well. Her quivering canal was open welcoming the delicious tension that was winding up inside of her as I massaged her clit with the warm wet surface of my tongue. I slid my finger into her gapping mouth and began to stroke the roughen patch inside her pussy, I felt it crinkle up and swell under my finger. As it did, she leaned forward on my shoulders to steady her self as she welcomed ecstasy with the gratitude of a starving woman at a feast.
Everything Kristen F Davis Designs touches is golden, but this 7-foot light fixture she made from paint sticks and veneer made my jaw drop. The girl is seriously talented!
That’s a story soon to be played out in the last days of the Republican primary race. I’m appalled at the timidity displayed by the Republican Party in general. Time and time again, the supposed gurus of the establishment have been wrong. “Oh!” they bleat, “don’t attack Barack Hussein, that will surely turn blacks and illegal aliens against us… women will flock to Obama’s banner in a reflexive spasm of misplaced identity politics”. Nonsense. Nothing can be farther from reality. Obama is badly damaged goods. The American people have been watching with an intensity that makes MaoBama’s leftists extremely nervous.
235310 Electrical contractors
Nobody Loves Me
It is a mini-coloring book, with four Create a Critter pictures inside. My photo didn't turn out too great, but that is okay. The snail, heart, Love, and Special Delivery are all cut from Create A Critter. Nina picked the color combo. We made the book by using our Crikits gel pens to draw the animals, four to an 8 1/2 by 11 sheet of plain paper. Then photo copied them and cut them at 4x5. We took plain white card stock and cut it in half vertically. Then folded that over the coloring pages and stapled them at the top. I used my Gypsy to layer the snail, heart, and 'Love' so they would all fit together, then used the layering feature to fill the mats to cut them out. We assembled them and adhered them to the front. Nina loved them, and she is so excited to share them with her classmates tomorrow. It took quite a while to get these done, but I am really glad we did them....but also glad that Phillip just wanted to take Fun Dip Valentine's! LOL!!!
7-Can i count on you
Student: (in all seriousness without a trace of sarcasm) Yeah, I want a book where someone is telling a story.
On Sale Saturday September 20 at 10 AM:
The Workout
I promised my hubby that I would not buy any more cubes because his chair kept getting pushed closer and closer to the television. Well, I didn't buy any more JETMAX cubes. But we did get a new couch and completely turn our living room on its head. I also got a new sweet zebra crafty chair---my first real crafty chair! I have used a fold up outside chair (not comfortable), a hard wooden kitchen chair (even less comfortable) and part of my theater seat (fairly comfortable, but awkward). I also got a proper desk to replace my fold up card table!
As each soul reaches a climatic point in expodental growth it outreaches and shines its new found lights of balance and love not only to the inner being but it also reflects outward as well. It acts as a lighthouse leading or lighting a way. Others believe it or not will follow these lights as they see the EFFECT it is CAUSING or Creating whilst upon this journey.
Oh yeah….
two books by anne lamott. bird by bird and traveling mercies.
1. Favorite book, and why? Good question. I don’t have a favorite at the moment. But I read the novelization of Star Wars (the original) 9 times back in the 1980s. Does this count? And I lost track of how many times I’ve reread Brunella Gasperini’s books. All of them (the ones I could get my hands on, that is).
This unusual take on It’s A Wonderful Life’s look at how the world would be different without you. Jack Campbell (Nicholas Cage), the president of a powerful Wall Street firm, is actually quite content with his life. He has just about everything he ever wanted, he has a job he loves, he is admired and respected by his coworkers and friends, he even knows how to appreciate the small things like witty banter and snowfall, he has no debilitating psychological problems. He’s single, but he justifies it with, “I took the road less traveled.” But after he intervenes to save the lives of innocent people in a corner store hold up…he makes the mistake of telling the robber (who appears to be an angel in disguise, played by the always great Don Cheadle) that he doesn’t need anything, he has everything he wants. He wakes up to find what life would be like if he hadn’t become a powerful executive but instead had married his college sweetheart. Managing a tire store, kids, living in Jersey. A slight difference to his worth is that unlike George Bailey the world at large seemed to have gone exactly the same….except that part around him. Him, his wife, his kids, it’s those small things. The things that matter and actually make up a life.
I was going to put aside the scrappy string rings and work on the Iron Work quilt over the weekend, but I'm this close to having all the string rings done. So I just kept on creating the string strata, cutting wedges, and sewing them together. It has been my happy place this past week.
La teezi…
And just one final point. Is it only in the UK where whenever there is anything wrong with the public services we are led to believe that it is the public's fault? We pay our taxes, our national insurance contributions, in order to have a good health service. If the NHS can't hack the pace then maybe they should look at themselves and ask themselves why they aren't able to provide a decent service, consistently across the country. Why are far too many babies and mothers dying because of shoddy care? Why are so many people languishing on long waiting lists?
The waves rose in anger, thumping
03 Watch That Man
11.) Lantang gulay
I haven’t posted in a while, but that’s not because I haven’t been riding. I raced Stateline 3 weeks ago. I did not expect it to be as muddy as it was. My bike has never been so filthy. It took me almost an hour to get the mud out of every little place it was hiding on the bike, not to mention washing my gear. My expansion chamber was literally packed with mud where it turns in front of the bike.
Normally I would not even mess with this battle. I truly believe in picking my battles, and clothes in my mind, are generally not worth it. Problem was that her valentines outfit was the only party outfit I packed. The birthday party was at a place with a dress code. All the other clothes I packed her were play clothes. We had no other option.
Can I now stand firmly
Wake Up Where You Are, released in March, keeps in the vein of guitar-fuzzy peace and love pop and sounded pleasingly fitting alongside the band’s classic ’60s gems like “Rainy Day Mushroom Pillow” and “Sit With the Guru.” With a live lava-lamp light show appropriately flooding the stage, drummer/percussionist Gene Gunnels (the only remaining member of the band’s earliest incarnation when it was known as Thee Sixpence) donned his signature magician’s top hat, further adding to the fantastical wonderland vibe. Accompanying Gunnels was madman percussionist Randy Seol and a wall of junkyard metal drums so high it all but obscured him from view—because the only thing groovier than one drummer on stage is two drummers on stage. Howie Anderson, who joined as lead guitarist in the 1980s, played alongside SAC mainstays Mark Weitz on keys and bassist George Bunnell. Sitting in on flute and guitar was Steve Bartek, formerly of Oingo Boingo and Danny Elfman’s current orchestrator, who began writing songs and playing with SAC in his early teens.
That's correct, money doesn't determine form but it does buy you quality.
Gary Kovacs: Tracking the trackers – As you surf the Web, information is being collected about you. Web tracking is not 100% evil — personal data can make your browsing more efficient; cookies can help your favorite websites stay in business. But, says Gary Kovacs, it’s your right to know what data is being collected about you and how it affects your online life. (recommended by Michael F.)
Our aim from the workshop is to help you walk away with the skills and confidence to shoot better photos that you love (that is covering use of posing, light, composition and post processing), AND book clients that love the photos that you shoot! :) Win-win! :) Time will also be spent learning about how I work with my clients from the moment I meet them, to the shoot, to the finished product, as well as opportunity for 1 on 1 time with me for questions and feedback/critique :)
Not my game either.Subcategory of Suffering and Pain.I was born to live even with crippled days and sleepless nights.
Not a very catchy title, huh? Just short and to the point!
3. - KidsAstronomy - As the name implies, KidsAstronomy.com is an astronomy site for kids. The site offers a free astronomy course, sky map, astronomy games, activities, fun facts, and other resources to educate kids about outer space.
The student is a 6th grader, and besides having autism, she had bruises on her arms and around her nose. Being non-verbal, the child couldn't tell anyone what happened to her, but that didn't matter - the school had cameras in the gym where the incident happened. And the incident happened because an instructional assistant assaulted the student.
Eric Schmidt has hired the smartest people who can ‘get the job done.’ Hire your friends and past colleagues, as they will have loyalty to you and as you know them personally, an informed decision can be made on whether they have what it takes to realise your ‘vision.’
I instantly loved it, but I didn't want to spend too much money on it. The worker heard my friend and I talking about it and said that a lot of people had liked it, but it hadn't sold, so he was thinking about painting it black. YIKES, it was too cute to be painted black, I thought to myself. I knew I wanted to use it as a bedside table, but it could also serve a dual purpose as a desk later on down the road when my daughter needed one. I also knew that if it didn't work in my daughters bedroom at home, it would definitely work in her bedroom at our cottage. And the pink was such a great pink, kind of like a bubblegum pink. So the guy offered to discount it 30% and I bought it.
I pulled out the book this week as a visual reminder of the things we've already done, listing them one by one. Children shouted out, "That's not dangerous!" after each one. I've not planted that understanding, I don't think; the kids, through these experiences, are coming to recognize that dangerous is the wrong word for describing this series of lessons in rendering things safe through proper technique and foresight.
Seen glints on paths
Jane looked at her notebook again to see that she covered everything with her mother. Then she looked at the doorway that her mother had just walked through. She had just told her mother everything that she wanted to tell Jarrad. Her mother’s love at this point was probably stronger than it was before they talked that afternoon. It actually helped and did not hurt a relationship that had suffered many downs without the benefit of as many ups. She didn’t have such a bond with Jarrad, but if she was ever going to get anywhere even in the right direction, it was going to have to start with honesty. Jarrad would be there in about a half hour.
1 merle
The creatures all waiting
Tony Leung Chiu Wai/Faye Wong (Chungking Express)
I can't think of any at the moment, but I know there are....
your dumbo ears to your nose…
Last time I was pregnant, I worked in a school, so every day I would see the kids' parents. That is to say, I would see a gang of women who had all been pregnant before and had determined that they were going to shepherd me through the whole thing. Basically, they took one look at my pregnant belly and took possession of it: this is OUR first-time mom and we are going to find out EVERYTHING about her pregnancy and give her TONS of advice. All conflicting, of course.
She has a *fabulous* store in Lisbon, Prego Sem Estopa, and participated in the amazing fair Maison Et Objet in Paris this year and thought we might like to see some of her pictures of the grand event. And in case you didn't know, Maison Et Objet is *THE* show for home fashion (c: Fabulous, right.
Until he defected in 2005, Mr. Chen Yonglin worked as a diplomat in the Sydney Chinese Consulate. But his disgust at what he was required to do on a daily basis – monitor and sabotage the activities of Australians who practice Falun Gong or support other persecuted groups in China – led him to walk out of the consulate and seek asylum.
Think about what James is saying…“The proof of the type of life flowing through your life is the fruit it bears, revealed by your words.” WOW!
The drought has ended, I knew throwing potato chip crumbs out on the balcony would do the trick and bring the rain we so badly needed! The rain began some time overnight, and continues on and off even as I type this at 10 A.M. When I first looked out the window, all I could see is that it had rained, as there were still raindrops streaking down the window, but when I looked again, I could see that the amount of greenery outside had nearly doubled from yesterday. That’s something that always amazes me, how quickly plants grow, especially after a rain. There have been times during spring rains when it seems that I could see leaves growing as I would survey the woods around me.
On my stoop, in January’s radiant light, a crown surrounds
It also drove me crazy in New York when people didn’t recycle. But at least the city required apartment buildings to do it. I was shocked when I moved into my place and found no recycling bins. There are sad little garbage bags around the city—yellow instead of green, which are for the regular trash—that are designated for recyclables, but they’re few and far between. At least I have somewhere to toss my empty bottles and stray papers.
she’s slim as a broom, the hands that hold
I would like to personally challenge members of the Group to make one item to submit to the gift basket. This is our opportunity to show that Insualae Draconis is home to some of the finest artisans in this fair Kingdom. If you intent to take up the challenge please leave a comment on this post and contact Katheryn Hebenstreitz (amadejska@gmail.com)
“why don’t you google it?”
Barry Sheerman made a quiet comment which I don't think made it to the Hansard transcript, about people having a vested interest in the education of children. My dad is an 'Old Labour' man too, who shares a lot of Mr Sheerman's philosophy - one that seems alien to me, but which I think runs fundamentally through that brand of idealism. The best way to explain it might be to repeat my dad's immediate, instinctive response when I told him thirteen years ago that I'd deregistered my children from school to educate them at home.
Like every downy-bearded blow-in, I dreamed of becoming a latter-day Kardomah Boy. All that's left of these efforts is some unusually bad verse and a draft screenplay. Provisionally named "It Happened By Here", It toys with motifs from Astérix in a Britain occupied by the Nazis in 1941:
Appliances are hidden behind painted paneled doors blending them into the woodwork.
Care Bears Festival of Fun
We got Wombat Girl a couple of guinea pigs for her 5th birthday (when I say "we" it was us and my brother and his partner - you know, the royal 'we').
I'm kind of in love with these milk straws and I have never even tried them. As you sip through the magic straw, it turns your milk into one of 4 flavors: chocolate, strawberry, cookies and cream or vanilla. Adam and I happen to LOVE milk. I'm thinking these might make a fun little gift for his upcoming birthday. And I'm even thinking about using these for Rilo's first birthday party!
Me and Paul
Of course there are still brands and products we wish to be more transparent to us like insurance companies but then, that’s another discussion.
Grayson leaned back in his chair. “They need to see me as a man of action. A man who can get things done. A man who takes charge. I have to head up the rescue campaign, and you’ll write about it, first hand, emphasizing my discomfort and desperation to save her, which will make Elizabeth’s peril all the more real and heart-rending to the readers.”
I will be interested to see where her journal prompts take me. This first scan is the result of prompts 1-3. I combined them all into one. You are to start with free conconcious writing. Then you list the words into negative and postive lists. Then you make a drawing of a heart, and add words to the heart drawing...the words you have used that really affect your heart. I still have to add the words. I started with a gessoed spread, then wrote on the left page and sorted on the right page. I decided rather than do another page with the heart drawing, I would just do it on this spread. I used my new Portfolio oil pastels and an aquabrush to do the drawing. One thing I like about doing journal pages is you can try out new art supplies to see what you can do with them. If they don't work out, it's no big deal.
Learn more about Linda at/on:
1950
Gold: Highland Courage, Rock Bottom Breweries, Louisville, CO
The Farmer: He played with Cam-Man and then had to make a run to Wal-Mart with my shopping list. Uhm, EXCUSE me, but he had a few unauthorized items, that were NOT on the list. The Farmer got a pass tonite though, because I came back and spent the evening with Joyce and Momma. I do find it funny however, that I negotiated with the Farmer about giving Momma her 8 o’clock meds. You see, he was actually EARLY tonite, from the time frame he had given me. (Why do I feel like a parent, lecturing the child? OMG, I’ve turned into my Dad).
Getting to know a new horse is always a long series of trials and errors. Horses with an unknown history make this a much larger challenge, especially when they have obvious issues going on. In Bay Girl's case, the more time I spend with her, the more I can begin to predict what her responses to things are going to be, and know what her nuances are. At this point, I can take a stab at what Bay Girl's history may have looked like. My guess is that the issue at hand is two fold: she is largely unhandled, but the handling she has had has all been very rough, particularly relating to her face. She is one of the most headshy horses I have ever met.
I have seen them so much in postcards, and photos. They are such a London thing, in my mind. And I am afraid they are going to be extinct soon, as all public phones will be, now that we have cell-phones.
So the Lieutenant and the Contessa walked around the palace as innocently and as nakedly as Adam and Eve on their first day in Paradise. The Contessa was satisfied that her physical charms had not been scorned, and Wagstaff had turned what might have been an untoward incident into a triumph for British diplomacy.
Paula spent the weekend here and I even made her desert for Friday night. She might not know this, but that is a BIG DEAL for me because the last time I made desert might have been back in the 90's! This was just 3 ingredients, my speed...however if you asked me to make beef bourguignon I'd be all over it. See I like to cook, but I don't like to bake. This is what I made, and it was a hit!
As much as it shames me, I must admit, I have yet to properly study The Bread Baker’s Apprentice, which I had bought months ago. I have browsed through it with the full intention of reading it cover-to-cover, a feeling of electric excitement coursing through me each and every turning of page. But it wasn’t until recently that I realised just how much I absolutely love making yeast breads. I have yet to make one that requires an overnight sponge, but the ones I’ve made so far are making my previous hesitations and fears toward yeast a thing of the nearly-forgotten past.
In such circumstance I think it is important to seek out someone who is confident in experience yet humble in it. the confidence will free you to relax and be vulnerable. The humility will give you room for letting your own confidence rise; you won’t be so intimidated by your own sense of spiritual distance. On the other hand, such humility will mean your friend will be less likely subtly, probably unconsciously, to exploit your “newness” by lording it over – you with superior sounding, overconfident advice which you mistake for wisdom. Your friend will listen, gently evoking from you the light of the Spirit within.
I got 11 cards delivered with the 2010 Million Card giveaway, and so far I have two cards in the 2012. I unlocked a Steve Carlton, which I traded for a Duke Snider. I also unlocked a Robin Yount I traded for a Carlton Fisk (as a ChiSox). I have stopped buying series one Topps as I only need 7 to complete the set (please help me out), so no more codes until series two drops.
When I was living in Brooklyn, I can honestly say the Civil War never, ever came up in conversation. Here in Roanoke, Virginia, I am reminded of it practically every day in some way. With some of the derogatory comments I've experienced being a "Damn Yankee" and an "Eyetalian" at that, I think some folks feel like they're still fighting it. In New York, I can't remember ever hearing about Civil War re-enactments, but down here there's a whole cottage industry surrounding it.
Theory 4
Secret? Really? Is it a secret that you should eat less than you did when you were fat if you want to maintain weight loss? Is there really some secret that no one knows about that will ensure no weight gain? These are just the buzz words that catch your eye and get you excited. Then you read the article and discover that the secret tips are just to eat less and exercise more. Or maybe don't buy trigger foods. Or stock your fridge with healthy (whatever that means) snacks. Or the best, eat lots of vegetables. Ooooh. The secret is revealed.
We grilled our meats and enjoyed it with the salad bar fixings. Our evening ended at the Barefoot bar with Mai Tai’s in hand (are you surprised?).
It’s the result of years of institutional investments by the corporate Right to advance a reactionary legal regime in America’s courts. In the process, the richest Americans now have their hands in both our legislative and judicial branches, while working America has become a voiceless stepping stone.
to still waters he leads me;
I know tomorrow you'll find better things.
So what's been happening this week. Hmm.
While working as chemical engineers, professionals will be working in laboratories, manufacturing plants or offices. Depending on the requirement, engineers may also need to spend time outdoors. Chemical engineers usually work 40 hours a week. Around 33,000 jobs for chemical engineers are expected by the year 2016. The median annual salary of chemical engineers is $78.860. Starting salary of chemical engineers is the highest as compared to other graduate level jobs.
Usually that's true.
But then..everything is a matter of personal choice bah kn.
1.) Have your closest friends and family members take the following survey. They have to know you extremely well, otherwise it's going to be all over the place. It's only four questions, and some of them may seem silly, so make sure they take it seriously. I've added some answers people said about me as possible examples.
NON-BITING MIDGES AND WASP (above right)
With Judy Garland in For Me and My Gal
This all makes you wonder what other catastrophic event occurred between Battle and POTA to erase so much historical knowledge. We definitely see that even benevolent apes like Caesar do not care much for humans. Aldo is a supremacist like just about everyone in the distant future is to become. What happens to divide the two so much that in 19 centuries humans are primitives, apes are kept in the Dark Ages about the past by the keepers of the Sacred Scrolls? There was never another movie planned to address the issue, so it is left up to the imagination. Considering my general aversion to prequels, I suppose I should be happy it was left that way. I will betthere is some fan fiction out there, though.
or even lurking in some obscure corner of your spleen.
Chittum extrapolates from present demographic and political trends to predict that the U.S. will (probably, with all the appropriate provisos) break up into three new race-nations: a white North (from Maine to Alaska), a Mexican Southwest, and a black Deep South -- with much "ethnic cleansing" and general nastiness. He says nothing about other minorities, but since they're unlikely to be sufficiently concentrated in any strategically viable areas, they'll probably be massacred by all sides (given his scenario).
Yes, my great grandfather did migrate from Denmark---and yes, he did produce three sons with my great grandmother---but before that, he had 7 children with his first wife, who he met soon after arriving in Australia-- and of course they have all had families and families and families.
He burns the chariot in the fire.
The fam and I hit up multiple running/athletic stores including but not limited too The Running Room (hey, Running Room, time to update to summer gear! you lost a sale), REI, Sports Authority, and Dicks Sporting Goods. We didn’t make it to my favorite spot (Run ‘n Fun) as they were closed by the time we were out in the burbs, but as we live nearby, I’ll hit them up during the week to get a new sports bra and some socks! The clothes were ultimately purchased at Dick’s as they had the most affordable and best options.
Monounsaturated Fat 10.0 g
This new moving pictures craze was sweeping the United States -- two million patrons in 1907, according to the Saturday Evening Post -- and like everything foreign and new, it was soon seen as a corrupting influence, 'demoralising' children, a bastard offspring of vaudeville and burlesque.
To have this space to call my own,
The filing cabinet is in the kitchen - why? because that is the only place where it fitted.
through health & fitness, sickness,
SPOILER ALERT: If you have not yet watched this week’s episode, ‘Do Not Go Gentle’ and do not want to be spoiled, do not continue reading.
Grade 11 = 2.5 hours
from Mere Christianity
50. If I should be still writing (not to mention alive) at 60 I hope that I might continue the process and that it will be of as much interest as it may be now.
They rear the commonplace with the highest wisdom of the sun
Thank you for stopping by to visit us today!
We love you, Lord, and offer ourselves to you,
Please help take care of our earth, it is a good earth! Linking up with Cuisine Kathleen's Let's Dish party on Wednesday evening. Also linking to Susan's Tablescape Thursday party on Thursday.. Cya there!
...I 'sandwiched' them between two thin layers of roving, instead.
But the fan with the “queer twist” wasn’t the only reader who missed the moral. Where Marston saw loving submission, others, including members of DC’s own editorial advisory board, saw sado-masochistic torture. Marston was told to cut the chains.
A certain marvellous thing
All of the rescued dogs are then cared for, awaiting adoption into a permanent loving home. Once the dogs have completed 8-10 days quarantine they are placed into a foster home.
*phew* - sorry for the LONG "catch ups"
Steve knows how much I love to scrapbook and he even took the time to add a page in my Project Life album for my birthday, showing what we were going to do for our anniversary. Our birthdays and anniversary are very close, within a 10 day span. As I unwrapped the page he made, I flipped it over and found this:
Ron Simon returns to talk about the importance of writer Reginald Rose who wrote 12 Angry Men. He points that among the great early T.V. writers Rose is the least known and explains the reasons why.
If I see an interest of people applying for this scholarship I will seek further contributions from outside donors to offer a larger scholarship to the winner and possibly more scholarships to more winners so please apply soon!
Awesome 1950s blouse pattern, pretty beige lace edging, vintage belt buckle and sequin anchor. I'm really excited about the contents of this package. She's clearly spent quite some time considering my style and preferences, which I really appreciate.
ajk asked, Can you reject a rating given by boss if not satisfied or escalate it to higher levels?
And then he actually does leave for the day.
Knitting is certainly one of the most wonderful activities to enjoy while watching the snow come down. I love knitting bulky sweaters in particular, because their warm weight on my lap is so comforting.
During this period I discovered Teh Interwebz. I don't mean this was the first time I ever surfed the net - I mean it's the first time I was ever captivated by it. And what captivated me was not internet shopping or YouTube, but the corner of the net devoted to YA writing. It was like a whole other world for me, a world where YA writers weren't working all alone in their tiny boxroom in their damp, building-site houses, with a permanent cough (I was later diagnosed as asthmatic) and going days without speaking to anyone but their dog or people who had phoned them at their crappy office job to shout at and verbally abuse them. A world where YA writers were slap in the middle of a community that seemed full of kindred spirits and dear friends. I watched their vlogs, I read their reviews on Goodreads, I laughed at their funny blogs. I told myself that I found their success inspiring and that they helped me to keep positive and keep working.
I soberly told her, “It isn’t money that needs to come to the table, it’s you that needs to come to the table.”
The afterparty let out into the early morning sunshine of downtown Stockholm where the “pony races” took place. The reigning champs of STRD retained their title to the delight and/or complete befuddlement of a large crowd outside. I got a falafel to go with my flask of whiskey to savour the moment.
What’s he doing that’s so important that he can’t finish off his OWN project. He said that he had to study. OK, I can handle that. Then he adds, “And my brothers and I wanted to play Battlefield”. Nice. So, I’m finishing off his STUPID project so he can play on the computer. Nice.
Two possibly unrelated news stories from Afghanistan came across my desk this evening.
Friday- Featuring YOU link up
I wanted to discuss with you why it’s imperative you take a stand for your future, embrace the opportunity you have come across, and stop finding a reason to Opt out.
Wow, what a great season of television! I think it may be my favorite so far, trumping anything I've seen from Lost, BSG, or any of the other shows I've checked out on my teevee kick.
“I now hope the Arsenal fans can get on with their lives and forget me, they should celebrate their third-place achievement and I will focus on winning titles.”
If you find serenity and happiness, they may be jealous;
'You will never take for granted a 'spoken word'. You will never consider a step ordinary. When you child says "momma" for the first time you will be present at a miracle and know it! When you describe a tree or a sunset to your child, you will see it as few people ever see God's greations.'
So you begin… and fail.
Not having the cajones: Don’t spend two paragraphs apologizing for ‘wasting’ our time by sending us your letter. If you don’t think you and your book are the bees knees, then how’re you going to convince us?
1 2.5 - 3 pound pot roast (I use chuck roast)
And then I stopped talking. And the room got very quiet.
There are indeed consequences to getting physical in a relationship - physical consequences, emotional consequences, and according to many, spiritual consequences. Being no great expert on spiritual matters, I’m going to have to let you come to your own conclusions on that subject, and the physical consequences really are a topic for a private conversation a little closer to time. (Though as a side note I always find it interesting that nobody seems to include irate parents/siblings/significant others/etc. in their lists of physical consequences anymore, the optimists.) Besides, the odds are good that by the time you read this you will have had your fill of horror stories about the physical consequences, and if you’re anything like me, you’re not going to be impressed by them.
I would like to salute
I have realized that in life we never get it all. At least not simultaneously. There is always that last part that needs fixing. I guess that is destiny's way of keeping us on our toes. Giving us something to learn at all times. If we only persist and never loose hope and a positive outlook, the lessons we learn will lead us to places of incredible success.
First round matches in PCW Lock and Load tournament
The college class of 2012 is in for a rude welcome to the world of work.
And other withered stumps of time
Christina was a standout among the rest. She would go on to perform songs that I made up starting from the time I was a teen. The first song being “Genie in a Bottle” on a day Bob Geldof came to visit. Kurt Cobain and Tom Cruise dressed me in a belly dancer outfit for some reason which inspired the song.
As they go up and down hills in a Seussian landscape, They meet an array of square farm animals, including a pig, chicken, ox, cow and more. They encounter quicksand, meteors, and travel underwater. No matter what happens, Beep is always enthusiastic, always ready to translate animal sounds, and always enthusiastic. When their journey is over, they may not have found the other sock (or have they?) but they certainly had an adventure!
After giving up an early goal to Martin’s Armando Pedrote, the Mustangs rallied with a long-bomb goal from Johnathon Gallegos in the 61st minute to tie things up.
We are not risking life in what we do and yet to get things just right requires enormous effort and concentration some times. Seeing and hearing about others finding new ways to go beyond their limits has always given me energy and understanding the process other use helps what we do so much.
will be introduced and illustrated with elementary physics examples. Extensions of these concepts to field theory will be indicated briefly. Biographical notes about Emmy Noether will be emphasized.
Every little swallow, every chick-a-dee
Salty sea air. Fresh fish for dinner. Smutty reading on the train... It was a great weekend in Biarritz.
Cara Haycak started her writing career at Columbia University’s graduate writing program and received an MFA in 1995.
Munich
Go home to mother! Here is the prayer to Our Lady of Perpetual Help:
We managed to find our way into NYC with no gps system, we are both quite pleased with ourselves as we had managed to get lost in Birmingham by trying to check into the wrong hotel!
Now that you know a bit about this classic beer, let’s get on with the review…
Oooh, pretty!
Waiting while the two sales associates finish their little banter….I turn to see my husband taking his ancient flip-phone out of it’s holster clip on his pants belt and take a call. It’s nothing more than a tiny screen with the numbers on the pad and walk away, talking happily, unconcerned about other features. The phone was doing what we really needed it for, the ability to make a call.
When the plants have been buried up to their necks, I place a cage, or pole with them to allow for supporting the growing plant. Lastly, I water them in well. Watering in a seedling is so important. Not only does it provide water to the plant, it allows the soil to come in better contact with the roots. Air pockets in the soil can cause the transplant to fail, so always water thoroughly. It won't be long until we're celebrating the queen of the garden!
San Samuele has perhaps definitively shifted from venery to venality. The only scandals are financial these days … a local hotel and our vigile have been implicated in a big bribery case. As for cuckolds, whores, gamblers and blasphemers –I’m now surrounded by respectable large families and a honeycomb of dark warrens on the debatable land of the ground floor, inhabited by Enrico the electrician and various plumbers and other tradesmen.
First up the Cardamom Cream, seeds were extracted and crushed, milk and cream infused and heated before being cooled and then the dreaded gelatin. Amazingly Powder behaved as well as its more friendly cousin Leaf and within a few minutes I was mixing milk and cream with gelatin and home grown Youghurt and chilling to ensure a set.
I think in the first book my idea was that actually, under this hideous exterior, she's lovely and sweet, but when I went back to write the sequel I thought that someone who had been through what she has, and looks as she does, probably wouldn't be sweet and well-adjusted, so she goes further and further off the rails as the series progresses, though I hope she remains sympathetic, and even attractive in a Ripley-ish way (Tom Ripley, that is, not Ellen).
I learned to go from here:
Anyway, so stuff has been getting under my skin. More than usual. Case in point:
When looking for patterns of violence or violent actions one doesn’t have to dig too far. A quick Google of “Loz Zetas Violence” or “MS13 tactics” yields more results than you can care for. What we want to do here is identify what type of tactics certain groups within our AO normally employ. Things like drive by shootings, or kidnappings, firebombings, or using IEDs. Something you’ll notice is as the threat becomes more sophisticated in its capabilities it’s tactics also follow suit. A run of the mill violent street gang may not employ fire and maneuver however a group of cartel Narcos Soldados most surely will. It’s interesting to note that even as a threat becomes more sophisticated and develops a sound tactical operational art they may not necessarily drop lower tech tactics. Those same narco cartels still conduct drive by shootings. A good technique to flesh this kind of info out is to do some good old fashioned research and “Waffle House” intel gathering. Pay particular attention to events like carjackings, drive by shootings, home invasions, arsons, increases in random sporadic violence (especially directed against authorities), large drug busts – including meth labs, etc.
Raves started in England, and they were parties where people listened to electro dance music and techno, so nothing has changed since then… They like peace, love, unity, and respect- basically, they’re new-age hippies.
My intended destination was CLOSED ON MONDAYS. Taco Time was open so in I went. Really nice people. I couldn't get flour tortillas for my tacos because they only have burrito style flour tortillas. No trompo - he called it a trompa. No pina. But still, great tacos, salsa, and cheap.
The most unbridled, meanest character on television or at least during her Sunnydale days anyways, though she still had her moments in LA. I'm going to be brutally honest - Cordelia was the best bloody thing about Angel and I hate the fact that we ended up losing her in favour of Spike in the show's last season and similarly uninteresting characters like Eve and Illyria as well. The comics tried a bit to redress the balance but Cordelia was the heart and soul of that show.
You do not see yourself, in the mirror of the parry
“What size would you get that print in?”
What's the purpose behind S&S's new policy? I'm guessing that S&S is gambling that electronic rights will become hugely valuable at some point in the future. Right now they aren't, and I don't believe that anyone, even the most vigorous prognosticators, knows how or in what ways they may become so. But with its rights grab, S&S is hedging its bets, retaining control of books it may be able to exploit in new ways as times change and new technology becomes available. In this situation, authors are double losers--first, because they lose control of their rights forever, and second, because if S&S does exploit the rights at some future point, it will be doing so under old contracts. As the development of the ebook market has made clear, new technologies demand new terms and new negotiations.
What fucking world do you live in? None of these villains is a prominent advocate of, um, anything.
“That way.”
With all the recent attempts to put an end to bullying in schools (and 'end'? never gonna happen), I thought I should write something about it. Here goes:
After our lovely dinner, our co leader Kathy invited us back to her home to watch videos taken of the girls throughout the years, the girls loved every minute of this wall down Memory Lane! As part of the dessert offerings, I made my yummy double chocolate Kahlua cake this time with crushed and whole GS Thin Mint Cookies!
All right, I am almost done with this political blog-trilogy. So let me just add a couple more thoughts.
It seems to me that it’s the little things that make a friendship. Let me tell you about some of my memories of you and us. From the smallest to the most prominent, I have lots of important memories about our friendship:
How does one do that? How does one forget?
The yellow vintage cardi is one my favorite item
Fox: Vintage taxidermy, from France
*Rinse, soak, cook and mash beans. Chop candied winter melon into small pieces. Mix together beans, candied winter melon, sugar and oil. Stir fry over medium heat until thickened add flavoring and cool. Divide into 8-10 portions.
Well, the movie came and went… and on its way out, it took something a lot more important than just one movie – The credibility of the name RGV in the minds of an average Indian. That was the beginning of the end of an era of wise decisions! He tried his previous formulas again, tried hard to re-surrect his career… but nothing worked! The very premise that had identified RGV as being “different” from an average Indian film-maker was gone! wooosh!
“Ok. First things first. This is a condom.” He said, showing me the condoms. He broke the two of them apart and held one. He proceeded to rip open a corner and took out the condom. Then took off his shorts and gestured to his….nether regions…
Adrien, who made green gazpacho with Spanish rice and a fried egg – Graham said it was one of the best things he’d had in a while. Gordon said it had a robust, gutsy wow factor, but the rice was almost over seasoned.
In 2008, this dropped by 7% to $375K*.
6 Tablespoons Extra Virgin Olive Oil
When you tell someone that they need to do more research, what you are essentially saying is, “Go look it up yourself; I can’t be bothered to provide evidence for my claim.” No one should be persuaded by an argument where you imply that your opponent is simply ignorant without attempting to correct that ignorance, and anyone who argues thusly should be rightly dismissed as someone arguing merely to win an argument, not to really arrive at a true conclusion.
Gimme eastern trimmin' where women are women
The rectangular leather inset writing surface with three-quarter gallery, above two drawers, raised on square tapering legs ending in casters. Height 29 1/2 inches (74.9 cm), width 37 inches (94 cm), depth 22 1/2 inches (57.2 cm).
Tonight I found a way to salvage a disappointing fresh pineapple. A friend had touted the batch at the local produce store and helped me pick one with signs of ripeness: a nice brown instead of green, and inner leaves that pull out easily. But alas, after I cut the thing apart, half of the pineapple was as hard and unripe as the other half was sweet and delicious. So off I went to the shelves of cookbooks and prowled about until I unearthed a recipe for carmelized pineapple.
To put it kindly, running wasn't Stacey's strong suit. It seemed that no matter how hard he tried, he couldn't keep up with Mattias and Syrin, and only Mattias was kind enough to slow down occasionally and help him forward. At any rate, he wasn't outrunning the shooters. Syrin seemed to be picking through the alleyways as if he'd ran down them countless times before, Stacey panting behind and Mattias occasionally knocking things over to slow down their assailants. Bullets ricocheted off the buildings just as Stacey and Mattias rounded another corner. Several times Stacey could hear a loud crash and cursing, followed by scrambling. Once he happened to catch a glimpse of Mattias smile spread at one of these times. As much as Stacey hated that Mattias was a slaver, times like this made it hard not to love his undaunted spirit.
We pulled over to fill with water at Earith, there was a chap and his wife there polishing their boat in almost the same colours as our. We got talking and I mentioned the plane that was still doing large circles overhead. With the aid of a decent pair of binoculars he was able to identify it as an AWAC. Once full of water we were on our way upstream to leave the tidal section at Brownshill Stanch. The lock is on the left hand end and the lifting sluices give a very tricky current in the lock mouth. When we arrived we spotted the chap on the scaffolding against the top gate, our first thought was the lock was out of use, but it turned out he was only fitting navigation indicators to show when the lock was not in use. We just had to wait until he came down the scaffold and then he operated the lock to get us through.
And countless creatures I could list,
50mls cream
Just take bread for example. My very first post in the blog was of bread using the tangzhong method. What you didn't know was that I probably tried tens (I am not joking) of recipes before I finally settled on my bread recipe. My family members had to suffer through weeks and weeks of bad, not so good, and not bad breads just so that I could come up with 'the one'. Right now, my brother proclaims that my bread making is my "拿手好菜" (my best dish) and that I should just stick to that. Obviously I don't listen.
The Mayan’s in their rituals and ceremonies were very aware of the cyclical nature of life. If they would have lived long enough they would have experienced and heard music go through its own cycles. Psychedelic Rock, Ska, Glam Rock, and Roots music have all come and gone in their popularity through the years. When we get tired of Alice Coopers Shock Rock, a few years go by, and then the next generation of youth thinks Marilyn Manson is something new and different. Who would have predicted that 1950’s style short haircuts for guys or Chuck Taylor sneakers would come back into vogue? Skiffle is like an earthquake fault line that is due for an eruption; minor shockwaves have been felt before, and in my opinion it’s just a matter of when. December 21, 2012 – Get your washboard ready, anything is possible, a new cycle is about to begin.
knees bent, feet warming in the sun?
DOD
When I poured it
of course,
Of frogspawn that grew like clotted water
and generally enjoyed fresh air, exercise, and a jolly good natter!
After the Band broke up in 1976, Mr. Helm continued to perform at every opportunity, working with a partly reunited Band and leading his own groups. He also acted in films, notably “Coal Miner’s Daughter” (1980). In the 2000s he became a roots-music patriarch, turning his barn in Woodstock — which had been a recording studio since 1975 — into the home of down-home, eclectic concerts called Midnight Rambles, which led to tours and Grammy-winning albums.
Well, if we have a bare and dull May, it's because you just wouldn't wait to do things right, could you? It'll be your fault if you miss out on...
So here is Space Magic Number #2 – 300
Lunch: protein, vegetables, (grains)
Amir Haddadin, who loaned Suleman more than $450k to buy the house, said his own credit has suffered as a result and was told by Indy-Mac bank yesterday morning that the auction had been postponed.
And I suggest this morning that the Holy Spirit comes along side us in two ways: individually and corporately. First, let’s examine how He comes along side us individually.
by Peter Goodchild
You want to go and live in another Country? DO it, start making definite plans to make it happen. Don’t put it off for 20 years, who knows what will happen between then and now.
Hello all! I am a bit behind! A little back injury, but I am back in action and determined to show you not only the San Francisco Showcase, but quite a few other design events that have heralded in the Spring Design Season!
Haaheim said she is concerned that Breivik will use the intense media focus during the trial to draw attention to his extremist views. Although she is curious about what snapped inside Breivik to turn him into a mass killer, she said “I don’t think it will give any meaning to what has happened.”
“It’s okay…” Yoochun shakes his head.
Unfortunately, the offshore turbine plan has run into a few snags. The biggest is the lack of a transport system to successfully integrate all the power produced into the existing grid. But, you can’t just let the turbines stand in the water and do nothing; you’ve got to keep the blades and hubs moving. So, right now, it’s taking huge amounts of fossil fuel to keep them turning, leading to the conundrum that in the near future, the offshore fields are using big chunks of energy, not supplying it. Why construct them offshore at all? The wind speed at sea is 70 to 100% greater and blows more constantly.
I would still give this 3 stars and has the possibility to be 5 stars, it just needs some dark fruit to balance out the woodiness and get rid of the funky aftertaste. Then I would call it awesome.
Transquotation:
Our three friends from the Conglomerate have landed beside the wreckage and have retrieved the black box in order to learn what happened to Blossom. What they see leads them to believe that Jonah hijacked Blossom and threw him out the busted sun roof.
I wonder if, when my father sees this on the news, he will care at all. No, I doubt it. I guess Marty didn’t need to go to all that trouble to steal my half of the inheritance. It won’t matter now. See? He didn’t need to go to all that trouble. I wonder if he will feel at all ever guilty. Will my father even mourn a little bit? No. I should have a will. Who will get all my art and all my belongings? What if the landlord takes them? No, I want my friends to get everything. Maybe my father will try to claim it all? I could actually see that. Marty stole my money but for some reason he wouldn’t give back my paintings though I asked him WHY the hell he would even want them given that he admitted his theft and practically gloated about it. They would have my stuff on eBay in a week. But no, my friends won’t allow that, no way. He will tell all the relatives it was my own damn fault like he told me when I was chased by the 5 drunk guys in the North End after dropping Melissa at Logan Airport — and they LOVE her — so she’d not have to pay for a cab. Everything is always my fault. I got out of that potential gang rape when they yelled “LOOK! It’s a girl! let’s get some asssss”. But I had room to run and already had my keys intertwined in my hands, the vestibule key ready.
But, this happened on New Year's of the new millennium: Jimmy'd gone to the temple to avoid the drinking that had led him at his birthday party to make a fool of himself on video, and his discontent with his immaturity and his marriage amidst his career making a living as a housepainter leads him to renounce first meat, then alcohol and, at least for now, sex with his wife.
Hi there! ^_^ I thought I should blog about my problematic skin!
As co-host, Jaye will also be judging entries. She is not bound by my scoring system. Here's what she had to say about what she is looking for: "No matter the length, all good stories elicit emotion from the reader. As I'm reading the entries, I'll be paying attention to those that make me feel something--fear, sympathy, amusement, etc. Of course, I'm a sucker for clever word play (but not too clever, if you're trying too hard it shows). The third element is probably the most important: Originality. Surprise me with your take on the photo. Stretch your creative muscles and give me the unexpected. Good luck!"
In no way have I covered all Nicaraguan cuisine. I just posted some of the photos that I’ve acquired while eating during the last month.
It was the first concentration camp to be discovered by the Allies, though it had already been abandoned by the Nazis at this stage and was found empty. The Americans who liberated the camp and the surrounding region of Alsace are commemorated by a plaque in Strasbourg’s spectacular cathedral.
...but it isn't papercraft! I have done some beading though (well actually, I did it just over a month ago while we were stopped in Bundaberg...and then I promptly wrapped them up and put them away). Today I thought it might be time to break them out as I have been debating whether I might pop a few pieces up on Etsy and see how I go. I might also think about it a bit more though. No good rushing into these things is it?!
These issues are very real to our town.
They use a composition book for 98% of their written work, and a graph-paper spiral notebook for math problems that need extra space. Having all work in one place makes it easier for me to find assignments and check them off. They don’t get credit if the assignment isn’t labeled so I can easily see what I’m looking at as I flip through the book. (I need subject, date, page numbers, etc.)
La Plata, Argentina
De zon is weg: ik zie niets meer dan wolken,
“Thank you for posting this beautiful quote,” I said to the driver through an opening in the shield that separated us.
One of the other big changes we made was switching to haylage. We thought we had an agreement with our hay supplier to sell us hay all winter, as required. This solves the need to store large amounts, but mid winter he told us he'd sold all the hay. Not a good system it turns out. So we switched to another supplier who had only haylage. This is out first time using it. It was strange in that the the horses wouldn't touch it for about 36 hours (we still had hay left and gave them that). Then, they started gradually picking at the haylage we'd put out and fairly quickly they couldn't get enough of it. Now they love it. We feed a little less than hay as it is higher in calories. The up side of haylage is that it isn't dusty at all - I love that. Now they are completely on haylage (after a period of easing them onto it), are the same weight as before and look great. To be honest I think I should have done a little more research, but I asked horse people I trusted, read what I could and proceeded. It wasn't new to Dan as he was fed haylage when he was at Joan's. It was new to Savanah though and I need to be careful with her as she's colicked in the past and also she's a very easy keeper. I suspect she could get laminitis easily. One option would be to get the haylage analysed at the agricultural college so we'd understand the calorie and nutrition content, and plan from that in consultation with our vet. Great intentions but since it's working out I haven't made time. We'll have to figure out something else as the weather warms up because haylage can mold quickly once it's opened (in the cold weather it hasn't been a problem) and with only two horses eating it it is likely to mold before a round bale is finished once the weather gets warm.
I myself am a mix of many nationalities, I come from Denmark, Norway, Belgium and Spain. Only one fourth of me is Danish, but I grew up in Denmark.
Waitwhat?
It is goooooood.
The mindset is the important thing.
Especially on days like today.
ME: WHICH ONE?? I just said four things! A SWEATER COAT?
And my God, her voice! I don’t have any specific memories of my mom playing this particular Whitney Houston album. But I can say, with total conviction, that her music was certainly included in the rotation during our Saturday afternoon house cleaning, just like I know we listened to a lot of Gloria Estefan, Fleetwood Mac, Sade, and Annie Lennox.
There was plenty of excitement Wednesday afternoon as the 84th National FFA Convention hosted a ribbon-cutting ceremony to open the 2011 Agricultural Career Show.
According to many studies, interval training is the best exercise approach for boosting metabolism levels through the roof. Not only that, interval training—such as doing intervals on the running track, cycling…--have been proven to be very effective at fighting off belly fat and improving fitness and endurance levels.
In the map, many Dazed Warriors will appear. You have to kill only 100 and go back to Neinheart. Hooray! You’re now a 4th jobber.
For years have loved, and will again
But a person who uses the tone argument does the opposite: he refuses to face up to the wrong he has done or do anything about it, much less apologize. Instead he turns it on you, making it not about what you said but how you said it.
I start work at 7:30am which usually means I’m leaving the house at 6:15ish in the morning. Come around 8pm – 10pm, I’m starting to fade. Richie needs (or well prefers) to watch something to help him fall asleep. I on the other hand prefer to have lights out and silence. Not that having the TV or laptop on would annoy me totally. When I’m tired, I’ll sleep.
Yes, we have a deeply-entrenched national faith that you can pull yourself up by your bootstraps with hard work and a never-day-die attitude, but hey–it doesn’t hurt to know the right people.
No one ever asked me if I wanted my life to turn out this way.
Hope the gals like them..
I then hear a loud groaning from inside one of the cubicles. Now 'The Bottle' is very friendly bar and we all look out for each other. I tap gently on the closed wooden door.
I think quality is pretty much a wash for comparing the four services. And I expect that music quality will improve over time too, but you won’t have to buy all your favorite albums again.
The end of September was Homecoming. Jake took a girl he's known since kindergarten. I told him a year or two ago someday he'd take her to a dance. He told me that was gross - like dating your sister. Amazing what a mother knows.
IBU: 24
Monsters/Villains: The War Lords. The War Chief.
Simon Ashdown (EastEnders) - WINNER
And then there is I-1163 (the care workers one), the quiet indie picture that pops up, grabs the awards, and then disappears again. Lacking the hoopla of the Costco and Eyeman amendments, it coasted to an easy victory. Of course, the Seattle Times scolds that we don't have the money (having just sold off all our liquor stores) and we should ignore this. The people are fools! (Like I said, the Seattle Times is SO CUTE in its lack of self-awareness).
Surround yourself with the reality of your dreams.
“If I bear witness of Myself, My witness is not true. There is another who bears witness of Me, and I know that the witness which He witnesses of Me is true. You have sent to John, and he has borne witness to the truth. Yet I do not receive testimony from man, but I say these things that you may be saved. He was the burning and shining lamp, and you were willing for a time to rejoice in his light. But I have a greater witness than John’s; for the works which the Father has given Me to finish—the very works that I do—bear witness of Me, that the Father has sent Me. And the Father Himself, who sent Me, has testified of Me. You have neither heard His voice at any time, nor seen His form. But you do not have His word abiding in you, because whom He sent, Him you do not believe. You search the Scriptures, for in them you think you have eternal life; and these are they which testify of Me. But you are not willing to come to Me that you may have life. “I do not receive honor from men. But I know you, that you do not have the love of God in you. I have come in My Father’s name, and you do not receive Me; if another comes in his own name, him you will receive. How can you believe, who receive honor from one another, and do not seek the honor that comes from the only God?”
"Slowly, Anna", he says. "Keep your eyes straight ahead. Don't look down at the lines. You will swerve all over the place. Then, you will get stopped by the cops".
2 Tbsp. butter or oil
Why can’t I go to sleep and can only see your face?
A Thanksgiving to be with family, friends and loved ones, to sit with full bellies and a warm heart and most importantly a renewed sense of faith in humanity.
OG: 25 Plato
and 2 slices of my wonderful (?) gluten-free bread
Since I attend various Meetups with individuals who are Deaf, Hard of Hearing, are studying to be interpreters, and who just like signing, I hope to have many other folks allow me to snap them signing a particular word or phrase.
Oh, don’t they just grow up so fast?
I really like the typewriter image and the fun phrases in Just My Type. I’ve made six or seven cards with this set already and my other stamps might be getting neglected.
Then he felt strong.
O my Jesus, I beg You on behalf of the whole Church:
-I have a TON of new things coming that I’m super excited about…and I hope you will be too…so stay tuned! Also if you are out at CHA…come FIND me & say HI..I promise to NOT wipe you out!! I’d love to meet you…I’m at the Scor-Pal/Magnolia-licious on Sunday & Monday…Tuesday I will be wandering the floor so WATCH OUT hee hee! Yes, YES I will be hyped up on Cherry Coke
Another troubling aspect of these massive payment is that the amount involved can be so huge that they went over the legal spending limits allowed for the campaign expenses of a State Assembly candidate ie Rm100 000.00 per person. Mr Joseph Mauh himself mentioned it in his reported statement. If the average payment to a long house is Rm10 000.00 (taking a lower figure) the estimated 200 long houses in Tamin would require an amount of Rm2mil for the 1st instalment of payments! Then the Rm50.00 given to each voter on polling eve will amount to Rm600 000.00, given that there are 12244 registered voters in Tamin. Put together this amount to Rm2 600 000.00, which grossly over shoot the legal spending limit for Mr Joseph Mauh! Since Mr Joseph Mauh claim that all the payments are for transport subsidies we call upon Mr Joseph Mauh to disclose his campaign expenses account which he is legally required to submit to the Election Commission within weeks of the polling. This will assure the public that he did not knowingly over-spend in his campaign and therefore he did not win the election by unfair and legally prohibited advantage! We call upon the EC to disclose Mr Joseph Mauh’s campaign expenses account so that the so-called transport subsidies can be confirmed or rejected once and for all.
I am at my pitiful desk
Once the driver is no longer traction limited out of a turn, they can engage KERS. Usually a few small 1-2s boosts out of critical turns provides the ideal lap time. It’s the driver who has to control the duration of the boost, by whichever control. As with gear shift the drivers can be uncannily accurate in their apportioning of the boost around the lap. It’s suggested that the 2009 Ferrari system apportioned the duration of the KERS boost via a GPS map, the driver simply presses the button and the electronics gives them the predetermined amount of boost. This solution came as surprise to Andy Cowell, so one wonders if this is legal or perhaps if the report is true.
We are thrilled to be part of this new and exciting event! SoBo Style will have a table scape in Sue Whitney's Junk Market Style booth throughout the weekend. As a part of the summer entertaining presentation we are honored to be the featured guest. Come see us demonstrating our signature SoBo Style "Girls Night Birch Buffet" on Saturday May 19th from 10:30 a.m. to 11:30 a.m.
I think I will always remember the ride to the hospital. It was oddly serene. There was not one car on the road at that time of night, and my husband and I couldn’t help musing about the fact that we were driving as two at the moment, but would be coming back as three. We held hands between the seats and said a prayer for our future. It all seemed like a bit a of a dream… especially since I wasn’t feeling any contractions yet.
41 them
I am so glad I got better advice, and quickly. We ended up supplementing with formula for 3 solid weeks until she kept getting diarrhea and I finally said enough is enough, and we threw out the formula. I breastfed for 14 months proudly after that!!
The old church was knocked down and rebuilt a few yards away while the precinct was demolished a few years ago and replaced by more housing. The Spinners is now a community centre known as the Learners Arms and World Café and is probably fulfilling just as much of a social function these days that it did as a pub. The other new pub development of that time, the Cotton Tree, still survives but 200 yards away in the other direction the City Hotel is now a pile of rubble, such is the fate of many estate pubs these days.
- 5 large eggs
According to presidential historian Davis Logsdon of the University of Minnesota, after eight years of George W. Bush many Americans find it “alienating” to have a President who speaks English as if it were his first language.
Coriander Powder- 1 Tbs
Heeellooo, Dear Readers! It looks like we've survived Christmas (hopefully - you're still alive, right?) and as we head into the New Year it seems only right to take a look back at everything that's happened over the last twelve months, reflect on events, see what went wrong and why, and be thankful for what went right.
Sets her things on the clean countertop, the hardwood floor
Secret Gardens...Where to hide away from the touring masses.
-On the hook and loop diapers...I make sure to hook the velcro down so that the diapers don't get stuck together (a.k.a. "diaper train") in the wash.
SH: I don't have a nice lightweight jacket for business travel.
I do so much to keep you from harm
And now today, I look at you, and you are a thriving 1 year old girl.
Infantry Corps, explaining why our
Here’s a great article from my friends at Elliott Wave International – I think graph 2 tells the story and spells out whats ahead in the coming months.
There was a small section of graves of World War II Russian soldiers at the back of the cemetery.
I'm also getting ready for Valentines Day, and I bet you are too! Here is a wonderful cookie recipe that your sweetheart, family and friends will all love! Each one is a valentine on it's own. You'll love the unique flavor combo, the shortbread like texture, and the snazzy (and easy!) decoration that finishes it off!
Kochava – Yehuda’s nursery school teacher, who had taught him, and adored him, for two years in a row. She was murdered by terrorists within hours of greeting us at a back to school night at the beginning of what was to be Yehuda’s third year in her warm embrace, an embrace that evaporated in a spray of bullets. Though she has been gone a year and a half, Yehuda, now almost eight years old, still refers to her often.
Only what they deserve.
I don't know if you all know this,
And the Drake? He puts anything that gets near her on the run! He is quite obnoxious...he went from friendly little duck to flying at you and chasing you...and don't even bother talking to her...
Before the second song of the tanda began, the stranger went on with the story: "One day Pearl looked through the keyhole to the universe and saw all the moments of kindness she had ever experienced, most of which she had forgotten. It filled her soul with the resolve to be the kindness she saw. At that moment she joined Plato in his understanding that the world is but a shadow of the real and eternal. She chose at that moment to find real and eternal beauty and goodness and bring these to fruition into this world." The music started again.
This is a totally random thought but it occurred to me that I really don’t like the notion of “tropes”. It strikes me as a vehicle to be as cynical as you want, about anything, no excuses.
Make sure to check out my Frugal Friday link parties for great frugal inspiration from around the blogosphere.
On the menu:
Often they would not truly realize the full benefits of old friends until their dying weeks and it was not always possible to track them down. Many had become so caught up in their own lives that they had let golden friendships slip by over the years. There were many deep regrets about not giving friendships the time and effort that they deserved. Everyone misses their friends when they are dying.
If you have a generator. Ask to be parked in a generator area. You may be given your choice of camping in an area that permits unlimited (24 hour) generator usage or one with limited generator usage (7:00 AM to 10:00 PM for example). Be prepared for the noise and exhaust fumes of your neighbors’ generators.
1 pack of Inky Dinky Drops in Clear
Using the same skillet, heat it over high heat, add the tablespoon of olive oil and then add the sausage. Allow it to cook without being stirred for about two minutes, or until the sausage is thoroughly browned. Then stir the sausage, breaking it apart into even smaller chunks, reduce the heat to medium and cook for another four minutes.
For all the time it takes to make a decision and move beyond the third round of second-guessing, relevant factual data plays a far less significant role than might be expected.
market in electronic communications networks and services through the harmonisation and simplification of authorisation rules and conditions in order to facilitate their provision throughout the European Union. To this end, it provides in part for schemes of "general authorisation" which allow any person who wishes to provide electronic communications networks and services to do so in accordance with a publicly available set of conditions. Such schemes replaced individual licensing arrangements which were commonly found in national systems of regulation and which could create significant barriers to new entrants. In the UK, Ofcom has drawn up and published "General Conditions of Entitlement" in accordance with the Directive.
The doctor scribbled something into his chart. "Hit...wife...with...golf...club..."
When adding shadows it helps to step back every now and then and hold your artwork at arm's length and squint at it. I know I've said it before, but it helps you to see if your picture is too flat or if you are really seeing the shadows. It will look bad if the shadows are fake and too dark, but it will also look flat if you don't have deep enough shadows.
Sure, sure, I can hear all the negative nellies now–something is bound to go wrong! What if the dead get hungry? Stuff and nonsense. I know exactly what I’m doing, okay? Nothing is going to go wrong, and when a zombie pulls you out of your burning car wreck because I had thoughtfully stationed a team of them on the shoulder of the Mass Pike, picking up litter, you can thank me later.
Jeff Sommers, Izzy’s Ice Cream, , has got to be very conscious of time spent on social media as a very small business owner. In-store time with real customers takes priority as he begins to enlarge his social media footprint. Look for a BIG announcement from Izzy’s soon! Don’t know if it was harder for him not to share or for us not to know NOW!
Okay, now…it’s time for me to switch to my Nigga-Shit:
A treadmill can be pretty boring - no change of scenery, but there are some perks.
I thought she was talking about herself but she meant she agreed with me that I should be on a higher dosage….thanks mom….
Fun?! The last thing I think about when I write them is fun. I worry if I have enough of them (four or five per book). I worry if they're smart and funny. Are they useful as actual fashion advice? Do they reflect the plot and move it forward? Are they in the right places, right order, right mood? Do they carry Lacey's unique voice and viewpoint? Do they work? Do they bite? (Yes, they often do.)
‘There is no reason to give me a good reception because they didn’t like me when I was there. I can’t see they are going to like me now”
What do you think of Lynnderella's V-Day collection? I personally, think it's my fav. one yet. ;-) Do you have any of them? Which one is your fav? It's too hard for me to pick a fav....I love them all!
The four shades in Poppy’s “Supercalifragilipstick” line for Kate Spade are Pop Art Pink, Fuchsia Fete, Bashful Blush, and Adventurous Red. They all strike a nice balance between classic and trendy, just like Kate Spade’s clothing and accessories.
9. Pour into ungreased tube pan.
To help restore my creditability, I will give you a salad dressing recipe that even I cannot mess up.
But I have yet to meet her!
Looking forward to connecting with you soon!
first experiment is the recce this sunday..27m/7000ft (the forecast is amazing)..and i haven't run more than 9miles in one go since september :-0
