Posted by Danny
I have been advised, by fellow believers, that we cannot win the world to Christ. Why try? I reply that if but one person is saved from the penalty of sin I am on the winning side. Aside from that, one day we believers will be caught up to meet the Lord in the air. We are winning. Let’s speak concerning the cross of our Lord Jesus Christ so that others will also be on that winning side.
Spalding had planned to give interviews to the BBC and other stations from inside the exhibition. But when a BBC reporter asked to bring him inside, Tate's staff apparently 'went ballistic' and refused to let him in (we can assume they don't subscribe to the feeling that all publicity is good publicity). He gave his interviews outside the building instead.
24. SAQLAIN MUSHTAQ (PAK) Right Arm Offbreak (1994-2008)
The Solution: Say Something If you’re stumped, you can ask them to repeat the question or explain it a bit more. “Otherwise, take a deep breath and answer honestly. Some answer is better than deafening silence,” says Sarikas.
Honestly, we are excited and terrified at the idea of becoming foster parents. We have many questions and worries, but we rest in the knowledge that God will be watching over all of us - Ernie and me, Sophia and Kaitlyn, and our future foster daughter.
This is the Thing in my house.
(If you’ve seen 21 Jump Street, you are laughing, if you have not or you have and you don’t know why you should be laughing then get off the computer and go see 21 Jump Street.)
While Averil was trying to distill her essence into a few well-turned phrases, I was fretting that I'd reached Level Six of becoming my mother. My most recent symptoms include nagging Nate's girlfriend Bree to consider going to school to be an R.N.
Life insurance can go beyond just providing liquidity, maintaining a standard of living, and caring for the needs of children. Often times, life insurance can be used in estate wealth maximization and preservation. Individuals who wish to create pools of capital for future family members such as grandchildren, great-grandchildren, and so on may use planning techniques such as dynasty trusts, Generation-Skipping Trusts, and foundations.
After browsing their selection online, I decided on the Portage 18K gold. Since Liberace has taken residence here, I figured I'd appease him. The frame arrives in four separate pieces, and is fairly simple to assemble...only it's a 2-man job because you need the extra set of hands.
“It’s okay to stand on a mountaintop and say, ‘I’m awesome!’” says Pouchot. And she and Ghosn say that awesome and successful women have an obligation to give back and help other women achieve what they have.
I don’t actually know what this means but, my (nearly) sixteen year old musical mind has started salivating. Nothing but nothing has been played on the radio yet my pocket-money has begun burning a hole in my flared jeans.
16) I would love to meet Ursula K. Le Guin before she carks it, although I have no idea what I would say to her.
I'd never really thought about my art as an act of faith before that moment, but that's what it is. Today, I wanted to remind myself that I am capable of that kind of faith. My art is faith, for the faithless. So that's what this page is about.
Yesterday at her book signing, she told all 600+ of us that she is not very good at public speaking, but we didn't believe her. She had us all laughing while she showed us a PowerPoint presentation about her, her family, her handsome Marlboro Man, their ranch, and her beloved dog, Charlie.
Following Users and Social Networking
There are many companies throughout Australia which offer photocopying services, business card and brochure printing. For printing in Brisbane, visit your local printing company.
COST: $5 for non-members, free to Songsalive! members.You can join Songsalive! to participate in the workshops at www.songsalive.org go JOIN.
The entire ordering process took maybe 5 minutes from start to finish, and my canvas arrived within a matter of just a few days, very carefully packaged and protected. This was such a wonderful experience and opportunity, and I want to thank Easy Canvas Prints for allowing me the chance to review and display their product proudly in my home.
"I won't if no-one else will"
The speeding of devoted souls
As promised, I finished my vest. However, it's cold and rainy, and mom is out of commission with the sick.. so I had to fend for myself picture-wise.
Buddha: I need a beer.
Why is it accepted and even expected for parents to speak to their children this way? Listen to the way you speak to your children. What is your mouth doing for your relationship?
Then I started investigating the "Reverse Beacon Network" where all your received spots are sent. This led to http://hamspots.net/
I wish my friend Natalie lots of success with her brand new online store and I wish everyone of you a nice start of this new week and a wonderful Thanksgiving!
Slowly add the matza meal, stirring the mixture with a spoon. You need to do this slowly and in stages, as the matza meal hardens the egg mixture quite quickly and you don’t want your mixture to get hard.
5. Being Prepared. I'm sending Zealand to preschool because I already know that he is not prepared for VPK (Florida's Voluntary Pre-Kindergarten). I'm taking the steps early to ensure that he doesn't fall behind because quite frankly I don't know how that feels and can't imagine. My sister took summer classes at Kumon because she fell behind in lots of subjects.
So far, he has avoided questions about his residence, evading questions about the expenses.
Watts posted frequently on England’s Facebook page, encouraging him to keep his chin up after his father’s killing and the death of his girlfriend in January.
the pain of being away from you.
As of now all of us have had a nap and some of us are really out of sorts. It will be nice to go to bed and wake up naturally.
"Bye-bye, you Dummies!" says Al.
Row 8) ch1, hdc last 2 sts together, sl fasten off.
Forgiving but
Twinnings Black Box imported from England (not the American red version).
The cuts to legal aid and, in particular, the Clause 12 issue on legal advice being available in police stations will have a significant effect on the rights and liberties of those who need effective high quality legal representation in civil and criminal matters.
Then Sam Storms covered the history of the modern Charismatic movement in Evangelicalism in a response to a question of how charismatism has been changing over the Christian landscape.
Any flower, any colour, any size (within reason of course), let us see your designs. Please note, Add A Flower projects previously entered cannot be re-entered for this second Challenge theme, only new works please.
Keep people in your blog when they click on the links within your posts. You can edit the web URL link by adding target=”_blank” to the end of the web address, as shown in the example below. This will make it so that whenever your readers click on one of your links, the new location is opened up in another tab or window. They will never have to hit the back button to try to navigate towards your blog!
The Babylonians changed their names:
I explained to him that these are questions he can ask his Heavenly Father in his prayers. The answers won’t usually come as spoken words, but as feeling in his heart and impressions in his mind. I asked if he would like to pray and if he would like me or him to say it. He asked to pray himself. With tender emotion he prayed out loud with sincerity and pleaded with his Heavenly Father that he may have peace and comfort and that he would be able to have the strength to handle everything. Not once did he ask why or ask to be healed. He just asked for strength, peace, and comfort. I can't help but believe the strong, sweet spirit inside him understands and accepts God's will better than we do. In that moment, he taught me all we need is continued strength to endure and the peace and comfort that comes from our faith in God's plan and faith in our efforts that we have done all that we can.
Those once portrayed as the noble poor, have been cast aside in favour of asylum seekers and illegal immigrants, but not before much damage was done. Worse still, as the interests of poor whites often conflict with those of the establishments new darlings, it has been necessary for the establishment to cast them in an even less deserving light.
Sexaholics Anonymous
and such a drag on such as me;
But really folks, pay attention to the signs, you just might learn something. Like the fact Florida is a wild animal habitat., The whole. friggin.state! It’s crazy! Kind of a wild Wizard of Oz. Panthers and Gators and Bears, Oh shit!!!!!!!!!
My novel has been sitting neglected ever since I discovered the joys of the blog so I have given myself a stern lecture about time management and shall be putting more hours in this week. I have even started to put time blocks into my diary.
Rogan was amazed that no one seemed to be in any pain. Fortunately, Skid (the singer from Cash From Chaos who got us in) pointed out that no one wanted to let on they were in pain when they were being watched.
Hubbard: we need to cut taxes and
We stayed for the next workshop with our chapter members Roz, Denny Fox, Patti Knoll, and Vicki Lewis-Thompson, who is our region rep for Romance Writers of America. One of our younger members, Mary Jo was the moderator. My wisecracks about heckling were quickly squelched with turnabout is fair play. I was very well behaved after that.
I really enjoyed this book, it’s a sexy and romantic story all rolled into one. I found the single mum storyline empowering yet sad because it’s clear that Autumn wanted things to be different and she has been incredibly hurt by everything that Sam has put her through.
"O, my son doesn't touch anything he's not supposed to" he informed me. I defaulted to repeating that the house rules are that all children have to be seated. The fact he completely missed the point says it all really. I was also intrigued as to how he knows what his son is doing when he's in another room out of sight. Sadly, when we have to point out to parents that they have to look after their children, this kind of response is all to common - the parent happy to chat to his friends and let the child entertain him/herself.
Mr. Geoffrey Herrera - Member
salvation reaches farmers from starvation
It’s worth noting that before the Chinese in the mid-1960s, it was the Russians—then known as the Soviet Union—that had helped North Korea establish a small five-megawatt nuclear research reactor at Yongbyon, sixty miles north of its capitol of Pyongyang. In time the Chinese would provide the assistance for a growing program. In the 1980s, the regime began to build three newer and larger nuclear power reactors.
But it goes deeper than just reducing our dependency for gadgets and other non- necessary paraphernalia. There is something we all have to (myself included) make peace with to wake up, and that is that life is just life. It is harsh to everyone: money, religion, mystical experience, water-based lubcricant, boner medicines from Sweden, the combo of bathroom stalls irreverent fucking and an 8-balls do not ease the pain of coming to terms with life, it’s beginning middle and end.
1 - 4 unit properties
4. Lothlorien (White, Argent) 7:50
Movement: Oh yes, there's movement, but only when his Daddy isn't trying to feel it - little monkey.
I’m very sorry that it’s all words at the moment, there just isn’t anything to take photos of during ground school lessons!
It looks like it might be a dry summer, and the High Peak Garden Centre staff can advise you what plants to buy, as well as stock you up with watering cans. For when it just gets too hot, there’s also a great selection of benches and seats so that you can sit in the sun (or the shade) and just enjoy it!
Paeonia 'Rachel' was also purchased online, but the place was in Olympia WA. 'Rachel' is smaller than 'Charlie' right now. Could be the variety or could be the different area of the country. 'Charlie' is a white bloom, 'Rachel' is red.
the doctor said that he is going to be a tall boy, no surprise there since his daddy is 6'3, and that he is developing perfectly. he also said that we are good to start feeding him rice cereal twice a day, once in the morning and once in the evening. in a month, he said we can start giving him half a serving of vegetables at lunch, which should be easy to do considering my husband surprised me with this bad boy on mother's day...
And it’s all a gift.
If anything, the digital technology which has lead to the growth of self/subsidy publishing--print-on-demand (POD)--has now been utilised by some traditional publishers to revitalise their back catalogue of books which did not warrant a large offset print run. Many publishers still remain lacklustre in embracing new online marketing ideas, electronic formats via e-readers, e-books and the use of blogsites and writer forums. Publishers have spent more than a century viewing the physical format of a book as sacred.
Tickle Me Turquoise Shimmerz
Turkey meatballs, wagon wheel pasta, and broccoli
I've spoken before about online viral lookbooks and videos for brands and how they end up being a bit of a advertising heavy lifestyle pornfest. (Think the Todd Selby for Zara video featuring Lucy Chadwick) I'm of the view that it's great to experience a bit of glossy voyeurism and as long as you realise (as with any other advertising) that it's a healthy portion of branding rather than a 'real life' film showcasing of somebody just from the love of the directors own heart.
For many centuries, theologians, archaeologists, historians and scientists have been trying to prove or disprove the truthfulness of the events described in the Torah/Bible. But from the point of view of Jewish identification the truthfulness of the events described in the Torah is irrelevant. Even if all the events described are a figment of the people’s collective imagination, this imagination shaped the Jewish people, made them unique, and defined their spirituality, which also is the identification of these people. That’s why being an eternal student of the Torah is the most important trait of Jewish self-identification.
I placed the split-open trotters skin side down onto a bed of aromatics (carrots, onion, leek, bay leaf, thyme sprigs, parsley) and mirepoix (carrots, leeks, onions), then covered them with more vegetables. I added chicken stock and water to cover them, put the lid on the pot, and brought it to a simmer:
One Occupy SF protester disavowed the violence. “I know Occupiers,” Jesse Smith told KTVU. “None of us have any idea who they were.”
7. Montana
(2) Cease and desist from receiving, accepting, processing, renewing or approving new timber license agreements.
Two nights later, on New Year’s Eve, my daughter, my sister and I had a cocktail the Carousel Bar, where you can literally feel the room spinning every fifteen minutes.
Like the clothes you wear, a vehicle becomes that new suit or that beautiful new dress. Maybe the vehicle becomes that sporty jacket you just bought or maybe the vehicle is that pair of sweat pants you just bought to run around and do errands with!
Australia’s leading counter-terrorism agency has been providing intelligence to the federal government on environmental groups that campaign against coal mining.
I’ll be there till the stars don’t shine
Therefore, looking to present state of affairs, time doesn`t permit fore any sober, polite and humble approach for eradication of any evil deeds from the society within day or two….People understand only the language of fear, punishments and legal actions. It does not mean that there are no good people in the country…there are many ..but….
The Q&A session touched upon topics such as:
I used a chocolate cake recipe that I like because they are so light and moist (secret ingredient in them is sour cream and of course I added additional cocoa powder!!) I had never made them as cupcakes but so far every cake that I like works as cupcakes too. And for the filling, I completely made up a recipe that was delicious! Very light and fluffy. Email me if you want it!
Anyways, some highlights:
instead so everyone could share in the food and celebration,
Stippers opening cards with Scooby Doo on the outside saying "I LOVE YOU"
“Here we go,” she yelled and yanked the door open.
"Our heritage is in the art market and today our products are the choice of
Sonic Blitz Adventitious for DS Analysis - DS Sonic Blitz Adventitious Review
than anywhere else, or the staring, legless man
Indian FARs are low, above 2 is very rare – the historical aim has been to keep down heights because of scale and cost of infrastructure required to support high rise and in some cases lack of resources/unwillingness to make that kind of investment.
me: AAAAAAAAAAHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH!!!! This friendship is over. I’m pretty sure you’re a terrorist. I’m going to have to go all “Red Dawn” (1984, http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0087985/) on your ass, aren’t I? JESUS!
Thanks so much, Julie. This has been lots of fun. Happy New Year to you and your readers.
I guess you could say we have made the best of it, this week was very hectic with work and dragging ourselves all around but by Saturday I decided to go with Adam's mom to Stew Leonard's with the boys and that was really fun. Stew Leonard's is a grocery story but very entertaining for kids so they loved it and it was Bo's very first time sitting in the front of the shopping cart, he did really well! He was a complete ham, every time he saw people looking at him he started flirting! Just too cute.
So let’s get to the good stuff–the food! Each day before service we went down the whole line and each group had to explain why each of their dishes were “nutritious and delicious.” Not surprisingly, i LOVED all the food in this class. A fellow health nut and I talked so excitedly about how much better we felt after class each day–we had more energy, were in better moods, and life just seemed a little brighter. After the land of cream sauces and mushy meat, it was like discovering the promised land.
I thought this bunny was too cute! I have cut the base out of a light blue and then cut the body pieces out of white, the eyes and mouth and nose line out of black and his nose out of pink. I then cut the egg decorations out of a darker royal blue. Once I had him put together, I chalked him a little with a light blue chalk on the edges and a little pink on his cheeks. Depending on the size you wanted to cut, you might have some pretty small pieces. If they are too small, just skip trying to get those glued down. The file is about 3 1/2" W x 4" H.
Oh, and apparently you can vote as often as you like. Erghhhh, I HATE this! I don't expect to win but I'd love not to be voted off first time.
Though the article doesn't exactly help me create the system itself, it does explain why I need to hash out how things work in this world right now, frustrating as it is for me. And I really like his approach toward writers who use magic differently from his own style. Though I'm more of a definer even when I'm winging it, I have enjoyed books that fall more toward the soft end.
My husband and I stayed up late last night watching the movie Courageous (from the makers of Fireproof). It's a movie that really hit home for me. I was raised in an evangelical Christian home, so faith has always been a big part of my life. This movie is really important for any father to watch, no matter the age of your child(ren). This movie is all about honoring your family and raising your children to love the Lord. I guess the movie has been on available on DVD since January 17th. My husband had seen the previews for it and saw it in the store, so we picked it up.
This is tenor saxphone solo album by Joe McPhee.
Lesson #6
YouTube creators from Australia, Canada, India, Ireland, New Zealand, South Africa, the United Kingdom and the United States are eligible. If previous Next Creator participants are any indication, the Next Vloggers will be an incredibly talented and engaging group. We can’t wait to introduce them to you on April 30, but they need to apply first!
Neo makes his way inside the city until confronted by a floating thing that we are meant to take as the Machine leader. For some reason it forms a face and talks to Neo. In exchange for “peace”, Neo will go inside the Matrix and defeat Smith in one final battle. If he loses, he will be killed. So he enters once more, and finds Smith everywhere.
God “gave up” the false teachers as well, as their idolatry leads them to sit in judgment of God and to give approval to those who practice homosexual behavior and other sins.
Everys ones leavings somes
I caved! I ordered the new Cricut Imagine no more than 10 minutes into the world launch. I said I was going to wait and I don't know how it happened...lol. I wasn't even going to watch the broadcast so I wouldn't be tempted. Well, I just couldn't help myself! Now...the wait.
If I see a successful future I will focus on it
Happy Stitching, y'all. Do something fun today, ok?
Anyway, case in point, potatoes really aren't worth it for me. However, I do confess I am a former lover of bangers and champ (a traditional Irish dish of sausages and smashed taters), potato bar (potato topped with chili and cheese and sour cream and, well, everything), and super cheesy mashed potatoes.
So when at a concert and before you stands an avant garde looking band playing pop songs it’s good to remember that that’s the attitude that has taken us to the cultural level that we are at, whatever that level is. The American spirit in our culture sets us apart from Europe and the strict European influence sets us apart from the Americans. We are open to these influences and we like to have our place in modern culture. Yet we are fiercely independent and like ourselves the way we are; mischievous commercialists like Americans, reserved and modest like Scandinavians, or royally flamboyant like the old families of Europe. We are the cultural bastards of the western world. Our music history reflects the way we have used our connections to strengthen our culture.
Sometimes you have to make a choice between not looking dumb and feeling good, and it’s one I am definitely prepared to make when the time is right. Sitting at an empty swim-up bar in the rain? Yep. I’ll look dumb for that. Dressing as Santa in January? Oh yeah. I’ve looked dumber. Participating in karaoke under regular circumstances? Totally. Looking dumb is the whole point. But power walking? Not worth it.
Shifting gears
I’ve also noticed the green aphids don’t seem to infest my bigger plants with thicker stems like my avocado. Though the white aphids will land on anything including the avocado. They do tend to prefer softer leaves and younger plants first it seems. I’ve noticed they only live on the younger leaves of my avocado plant.
The protagonist, Hal, or maybe Roger, rides it while searching for sunken treasure and is chased by a hammerhead shark, stung by a school of jellyfish, dragged through fire-coral and ends up with an octopus stuck to his back. Isn't that exciting?
Please click on the image to enlarge it, or you won’t really see it.
3 seventy-two
I'm anxious. i make stupid mistakes.
Below: Thomas Nast parodies Hall's statements at being 'blissfully ignorant' of corruption
In case your awe isn't inspired enough, one of the nicknames for the groundhog is the "whistle pig".
Writers : Elizabeth Davis
It doesn’t sound like much: a 1940s floral print linen tablecloth, and on it a pale yellow Fiestaware teapot, a red tea tin, a dark blue mug with a spoon on top and a sterling tea-ball. Perspective! Scale! Color! All those highlights (reflections) on the glossy surfaces of the pot and mug and spoon.
There is still plenty of room for anyone who wants to join in!
Hi, Mom. It’s me. I can’t believe today is the day. It is hard to imagine that after eight months of training, today is the day. Turning back? You want to know if I’m going to bag it now? Are you freaking crazy? Am I scared? Hell, yeah, wouldn’t you be? Am I going to call? Mom, I didn’t even freaking leave yet. I know, Mom, this is hard on you. Please Mom, please, I am going to be ok. I love you, Mom. I’ll call you soon. Bye.
10. Brain Damage (3:56)
This is a very simple everyday dish that I grew up with, it is a hearty chicken and vegetable stew with an Asian accent. It is also extremely simple to make and the best thing is even the most picky child would go for a second serving. I have added some snow peas in the last minute to freshen up the stew and also to add a little splash of colour to an otherwise fairly dull looking dish.
Buttocks: 46 1/2″ I lost a half-inch! Things are shaping up!
"Every little thing she does
He goes on to say this about writers:
My system restore wasn't set like I thought it was. So I tried a recovery program and while it works... the most important stuff... my most recent stuff is corrupted or unrecoverable. I spent a lot of time working on vector art and a major project I was doing between my fall and spring semesters has been cut in half. I've lost 50-60 hours of work.
Poem and photo by Dante
Metro: Federal Triangle or Smithsonian stop (Orange/Blue)
Business organization system featuring: mesh accessory pockets, zippered accessory pocket, 3 stylus/pen pockets, dual business/credit card pockets, removable accessory kit to organize your peripherals, and key fob for enhanced security
For just a few minutes of my time, that’s quite a result, if you ask me anyway!
Ink: Riding Hood Red
This morning when I took my son to school it was a balmy 4 degrees. That's fahrenheit, mind you. I think we are getting warmer! It is going to be a good day.
It is spreading like the plague:) Tangobaby, I don´t think I can link to seven more blogs, unless I tag people who have already been tagged.. it is a small tango-blog world:) but I´ll do my best. Anyway, it is quite an interesting exercise. I certainly enjoyed reading other people´s responses.
4. Feel the intensity of it, how different it feels to your own energy. (It is organised clutter at its best!) Reach out to where it ‘joins’ to the ‘you’ that is in this body, right here and now.
One of the countries seeking Mengele’s secret data and research was the United States. The Nazi’s top secret research was originally considered to be a significant bonus by product of the U.S. Department of Defense’s Project 63 also known as Project National Interest. Project 63 was dedicated to the secret importation and protection of a group of Nazi and Fascist scientists.
Dear God, please continue to bless and guide my baby's development. I thank You for Your love and protection.
I switched to trying to run a quarter mile and walking a quarter mile but even that much running was beyond me. At one point I was lucky if I could run a tenth of a mile. When we finally passed the mile 12 marker, I grabbed one final cup of water and thought to myself "It's just one more mile. You can run one mile." But I couldn't. I saw Kim and Steven again as I walked. At this point I thought to myself "If I can just keep my average pace under 10 minutes per mile."
JER 17:5 This is what the LORD says:
Paging through an old journal, I came across two pages of folded yellow paper tucked inside. I was surprised to find a series of short thank you letters to various things in my life. They must have been the result of a writing prompt from a few years ago and I thought it might be fun to share them.
This is standard quick bread using pumpkin. I used fresh pumpkin but for easy way you can opt for canned pumpkin puree.
papua new guinea
Sudan, which was Africa’s largest country before the South gained independence in July, sits atop some of the continent’s most significant oil resources.
The issue goes to the weight of the evidence. I mean, imagine a case in -- a regime in which you said, well, you've heard eyewitness testimony. If you, ladies and gentlemen of the jury, find that the eyewitness really had an unimpeded view, the standard is preponderance, but if you think that the view was impeded or obscured, the standard is clear and convincing evidence.
I'm embarrassed about our breakfast habits. So I'm not going to share them.
"Mum, let's get going."
Bark.
The key and the goal is Jesus himself by the Spirit, who leads us into conformity to him in all things. Together in Jesus for the world.
A module instructor had problems with one of his students. The examinee was asthenic in acquisition the spellings of the words. He was weaker in module. He repeated and wrote those line more a present, yet when it mattered, he spelled them wrongly!
At the meeting attended by Malema in Bloemfontein on Thursday, provincial league chairperson Kgotso Morapela told the crowd: “Away with Magashule.”
The Obama bipartisan deficit commission was tasked with the challenge of how to raise revenue, grow the economy and pay off the debt. After an exhaustive study the commission concluded that lowering tax rates, lowering the corporate tax rate and simplifying the tax code to encourage tax compliance, and to encourage more wealth to come back home (so it at least can be taxed), was the most prudent course of action. Reagan would have been pleased with those recommendations.
One thing I do want to say if you have ever had your heart broken, don’t let that deter you from opening it up again. I’ve seen so many people who are so hurt and angry that they hate everyone of the opposite sex and refuse to give someone else a chance. All that’s going to do is leave you lonely and bitter. A broken heart takes time to heal, and give it as much time you need to let it heal. I’ve been heartbroken, but I know deep down inside I want to find the one too and I know I will never find the one by sulking. One thing I can say is that I’ve learned from my heart break. I’ve learned that I keep dating the same kind of guy and that’s why I keep getting the same kind of results. I’ve learned what I need from a relationship, what I am willing or not willing to accept from one and the kind of person I need to start looking for. I’ve turned something negative into something positive, and I suggest you do the same
I'm sure everyone has been as busy as I have preparing for this holiday. All of the shopping and wrapping and cooking.....then in the blink of an eye it is over! So I hope everyone is able to take tomorrow, and simply slow down and enjoy being together. Being with those we love that's what makes Christmas special.
Too noble to neglect
This is one of the hilarious Stella images from Bugaboo....they are all sooooo funny, it's hard to choose which ones to have. I haven't used the sentiment that comes with her this time, I've done my own....printed onto the DP before adhering to the wood hanger (made by hubby, of course). Stella has been fussy cut and popped up on dots.
Racked: 04-04-2008 (w/1 oz. Simcoe)
A show that tried to avoid the possibility that it could be fixed was the The Voice UK (based on a similar US hit show The Voice). The show had a unique stage of blind auditions where the judges had their backs turned to the singer, and would only turn around to take the singer through to the next round if their voice was good enough. The idea was that it would only be about the talent and the first time people began to get excited about a show who gave everyone a chance, no matter what age, sex, colour or better yet image. However, it is the second stage that has disappointed many.
The Whitcombe Inn has a traditional look to the interior of the pub with wooden fittings throughout, from the panelling around the door to the old bar counter with its intricate joinery and sloping panels. The front bar room also features an interesting collection of old photographs – across one beam are photographs of the old pubs of Aberdare – many have been demolished over the years – and another collection is of old mining photographs – a reminder of the main industry that used to serve this area years ago. The pub features a fireplace in one wall with exposed brickwork surrounding it whilst on the opposite wall a wooden frame surrounds what was once the fireplace there.
I have known your body for an eternity
I'm still loving to shoot.
With emptiness all around
“Totally need to orjizzism”
Stamps: SWAK, Fancy Flexible Phrases (Retired), Bright Blossoms, Fabulous Phrases, Field Flowers, Oh So Sweet
Original language: English
Added this week:
to a stumbling, bumbling and weak-minded man
Low Moment #2:
Give them encouragement. Sit down and color with them. Give them a set of crayons, or pencils, and of course- markers :) Go visit a gallery and leave a message of encouragement. If you don't think you can draw today, it's because someone way back never gave you the chance. You can change that! Know that what you do today changes the next generation (the photo is of my daughter doing what she loves the most-drawing).
This is the book that Colbert pitched to Maurice Sendak during his recent televised interview.
SOPA is a bill in the US House. It stands for Stop Online Piracy Act. PIPA is a similar bill in the Senate, and is short of PROTECT IP Act, which in turn is short for Preventing Real Online Threats to Economic Creativity and Threat of Intellectual Property Act. I swear, there's a job in Washington for coming up with names like this to provide cover to bills like these.
Martial artist Billy Lo is dismayed that younger brother Bobby is neglecting his studies and spending all his time looking at porn. Meanwhile a friend of Billy’s, Kung Fu master Chin Ku, dies under mysterious circumstances. Billy heads to Japan to find May, Chin Ku’s daughter, now a singer at a club in Ginza. Later, at Chin Ku’s funeral, a helicopter appears out of nowhere and with its dangling steel claw snatches the kung fu master’s coffin. Billy latches on to the helicopter, but is shot with a dart and falls to his death. Bobby, shocked back into reality by his brother’s death, is determined to get revenge. He’s soon off to Japan himself, where he learns a sadistic foreigner/martial artist, Lewis, had associated with Chin Ku in the days before the latter’s death. Bobby visits Lewis’s palatial estate, determined to uncover the secret of the “castle of death.” But when Lewis is brutally murdered, Bobby must investigate the mysterious Fan Yu temple, where he must enter an underground pagoda and face off with the most terrifying of enemies.
Well Im off to voice-record and listen to The Pierce's album 'You & I' 2011 (It is a lovely album go and listen to them on youtube/spotify/insert website. Go on you know you want to get your hippy chick on ;)
This was the moment James had been waiting for, the one moment he thought would never happen was about to, he took off his jeans as Melissa dropped her skirt.
I worked a bit on issue 40 today, and it's looking very good. Howard Watts has done a marvellous cover that celebrates our reaching the big four-oh, we're up to about forty pages of reviews, and we have some wonderful fiction for you.
www.nookboards.com/forum
Paper: Core'dinations Krafty stock, DCWV Coral Couture, DCWV Blossoms and Butterflies, CTMH Colonial White, stash
Oh they’ve all been media trained
One of my earliest kitchen memories is of me standing on a chair to reach the large wooden chopping block. Me up one end and my mother up the other. It was spring roll making time! Mum would get the spring roll mix together and I would be in charge of keeping those spring roll wrappers moist! It was important job which involved a tea towel and a water spray bottle. Mum and I were a well oiled spring-roll-making-machine! A double act which continued throughout the years.
gone was the glorious melody of its real V8 power.
The Mortal Instruments: City of Bones script is almost done! Writer Marlene King said that her favorite scene was the greenhouse moment with Jace and Clary, so not only is the ever-so-important scene in, it should also be spot on. Apparently Sony is also involved in the film, so here’s to hoping that Sony’s extra money helps get this baby off the ground. Let’s just hope King doesn’t turn this into Pretty Little Liars with downworlders.
There is one particular retailer that probably fits that description exactly.
We looked at Ted. He had his highly insulated woolly head hard up against the grill of the radiator heater; sound asleep, blissfully unaware that he was cooking his tiny brain. The wool on his head nearest the heater was changing colour to something you see on scorched cream carpets in house fires.
As we were walking up to the studio, I could hear a child crying. It was an 'upset cry' not an 'angry cry' if you know what I mean. I thought to myself "uh-oh, someone is not wanting their picture taken". As I got closer, I saw a little blonde girl about 2 years old being shaken by her mother. Then the mother began yelling at her. "_______, I HAVE HAD ENOUGH OF YOU TODAY! WOULD YOU SHUT UP!?" And on it went - more along the same lines. By now, the little girl was crying louder and the mom was shouting louder. I was HORRIFIED - embarrassed for the Mom that an adult would act that way much less in public. And oh, I felt SO sorry for that poor little girl..... And then, I saw her face. And my heart broke completely. She has Down Syndrome. I wish I hadn't been such a coward and would have told that mother (who obviously didn't appreciate the gem she was given) just how lucky she was to have her little girl. Some of us would give anything to have our 'special' children with us!
This morning we went to the egg hunt at our church. The boys had a great time and got lots of eggs filled with candy, stickers and toys. The church did a Bible lesson and played games too. Then they served pizza for lunch. Afterwards we went to a couple stores and then home. Me and the boys took naps and Hubby has spent all afternoon working in the yard. The weather is beautiful and aside from one thing I couldn't ask for a better day.
I say almost perfectly because like all actors, she hammed it a little too much but other than that it was a great performance.
And that was my weekend in super short Reader’s Digest version.
Well, I talked to my cousin on maybe the 13th and she said that for starting tomatos from seed, they should actually be started in January…. Goes to show just what I know, eh?
In Oregon, as in Colorado, just about every small town has its own brewery, and the larger cities have several.
Many organizations will set up shelters around areas hit by major natural disasters. If you are unable to stay in your home and cannot reach relatives to stay with, a shelter can be a great option while you get back on your feet. However, any shelters will be over crowded and lack basic services, so don't rush off to one just because your home doesn't have power. Only go to one if you really need to. If you do end up going to a shelter, be sure to tell a neighbor where you are going and contact your out-of-state contact person so they know as well.
Why Purchasing an Alarm Clock CD Player is a Great Choice
be subject to the Government thereof: And therefore do here swear by the
This is where self-publication comes into its own. It is available to everyone and needn’t cost a penny if you choose a POD provider like Lulu, CreateSpace or Lightning Source (and yes, I’m well aware that there are other options out there and I hope you’ll suggest a few which aren't vanity publishers in disguise). POD providers allow you to download your text into a book template and add your own cover art or image (or they provide you with stock images which are copyright-cleared). The book will be available for sale through the POD provider’s website, and if you pay for an ISBN to add to the package you can also get it listed on Amazon and other online retailers. You’ll be able to correct or amend the book at any time, without paying any extra cost (although substantial alterations require a new ISBN, which you will have to pay for). But doing that will give you everything that a vanity publisher will give you, at a far lower cost.
Its taken me a while to post this because after receiving this horrible news, my life became a whirlwind of last minute plans to travel to North Carolina for a funeral, followed immediately by a 2 week pre-deployment vacation.
PS: if anyone wants to buy my house, it’s still for sale. I’ll cut you a deal.
Hopefully I will be able to return to writing again. Hopefully it will be sooner rather than later. Hopefully it will be "to the next time we see one another" rather than "goodbye." I'll still check my emails, so I'd love to hear from you.
Palace Theatre in 1951.
Now you will never guess what happens now………………..go on guess……………yes the damn ninja chicks attack me again and the second battle of the universe begins. Lots of noise, until finally the mistress of the realm beyond the universe ,aka fatty,emerges from the bedroom, where she has been reading, all angry and pissed off and instructs us to stop as we are too noisy,boisterous and someone is gonna get hurt………………………. ??????????????
No, we have not been wading through any fields with high grasses. So, where on earth could my son have picked up a tick??
Now, here we are, less than a week away from Opening Day, and Torres is up in the air. His status is touch-and-go but the sooner the Mets can figure their stuff out, the sooner we can know whether den Dekker is figuring into the picture. The Daily News reported the other day that den Dekker is a realistic option for Terry Collins to use in centerfield, that’s for a few things falling into place for the prospect. While he’s never been above AA yet, his main competition in Nieuwenhuis is also nursing an oblique injury. Oh, the Mets and those oblique injuries. At least this time they are happening in Spring Training, not in July. But still, it’s been frustrating to say the least.
Last pang.
(Ruth is looking for hosts, if you would like to host Presto Pasta Nights, just follow the link on the side panel)
CCCW: I’ve heard people using a nickname of “The Smashing Machine” for you. And, it was pretty obvious how good of a fit that name was after watching your last fight where you ground and pounded your way to an impressive win at CCCW VII. But, I am curious as to who gave you that nickname?
“Often wrong about his political positions”? Maybe about Iraq and Clinton, but that’s not “often.” And I find Massimo “often wrong” in his philosophical positions, including those about scientism, free will, and the way we atheists are supposed to behave. And don’t get me started on Massimo’s biology!
I commit myself to work breath by breath on exposing the current system as it is so that all benevolent beings could wake up and see what they have done
But not all guests are welcome. Dogs, which have entry to most Viennese coffee houses, have to stay outside.
9. Annie on my Mind: Nancy Garden
Amy and I decided to buy some weed one night, walking home from dinner, after we were propositioned on a street corner. The experience was intriguing, but I disliked sex while stoned and thoroughly disliked the next morning. We were slightly intoxicated, having drunk a bottle of decent chardonnay with dinner when we bought the weed; otherwise I might have refused. Mixing alcohol, sex and weed just did not sit well with me, and I have never done marijuana again. Amy I knew, occasionally partook of marijuana, how she dodged the piss test at work as a DC fire fighter and EMT, I never asked.
But faith alone won't sustain us anymore
That’s about it for today, hope everyone is having a great week. Be safe out there. Sam & Donna……
A new herd of bodies to teach to get ready.
I made it a couple of weeks ago using Milawa organic Chicken livers. It was D I V I N E!!!!!
Djokovic, runner-up at last month's U.S. Open, said he was pleased with his improved serve, which he says is largely responsible for the run of success he's experienced since Wimbledon.
Section 2(c) - Individual's Consent to Register:
strenuous or earnest, as activity, exertion, diligence, or thought: an intense life.
UPDATE (3): 13th October, 2011. It is hard to know if a feature article in the Independent today on Paddy’s Maybourne stake-holding is a business story or a human interest story. It opens with some cutesy tale of Paddy being turfed out of his accommodation at Claridge’s because the hotel needed the room, presumably for paying customers. Paddy describes NAMA as a bunch of “corporate terrorists” who are motivated by “vengeance” and Paddy was “shocked” (absolutely shocked) to only receive 57 minutes notice of NAMA’s sale of the loans in his Maybourne group. There is a continuation of a theme that NAMA is not acting in the interests of the Irish tax-payer but there is sweet little evidence to support that claim. Paddy may attempt to take legal action against NAMA in the Irish courts but apparently “you can’t put toothpaste back in the tube” and NAMA has apparently cashed the €800m cheque. Putting the cutesy stuff to one side, it does seem as if Paddy who was at the forefront of the Maybourne venture is seeking to maximise value from his investment, and given London’s recovery from the financial crisis, it must be galling to have control of the group wrested from you possibly on the cusp of the return to the good times. That said, there is no suggestion that there was a better offer available to NAMA who can’t simply sit on assets and await an uncertain recovery, and risk a possible decline in values.
You’ve written a book. Now your publisher says you need to get out there and sell. But you thought they would do that, right? Guess again. It’s basically now all in your hands, whether published traditionally or by yourself.
Before I get there a heavy fog closes in, until visibilty is zero.
The first half of 2011 has also been notable for Saint Arnold’s efforts to promote community. The recent Feast of Saint Arnold Week raised $15,000 for Texas Children’s Hospital IBD Clinic, the brewery’s team in the BP MS 150 raised more than $262,000 for the National Multiple Sclerosis Society and the brewery donated $10,000 from the sale of Saint Arnold Elissa IPA to support the preservation of the 1877 Tall Ship ELISSA.
He invited me to sit with him for a while.
It’s just another day in the life of Harville Hendrix. Speaking from his hotel room in New Mexico, the 75-year-old couples guru is on a mission to change the world, one flailing marriage at a time. The key to romantic bliss is in his hands, and there are lectures to give, counsellors to teach, journos to tell. Everyone wants a piece of him.
Champagnes do not have to be golden, as the movies would have you believe. There are Champagnes ranging in color from nearly white to deep gold to rose or bright pink. It all depends on the manufacturing process.
On the kids’ part, it seems predictable. How they see and accept the new relationship of either of their parents depends on how the parents rear them, the personality they have developed and their state of mind at that moment. There are children who despite their very young minds can easily adjust to anything that may come into their life, they have an open mind – they tend to be supportive and respect the things and decisions where they see their parents are more inclined to, and they are receptive to new and different ideas as well as living situations. With these kids it won’t be so difficult for parents to explain to them their relationship status and to introduce them to someone new who may have to stay in their lives for a while or for good. But like the adults, children differ from each other, not all are open-minded. There are children who are a bit stubborn, rebellious and possessive. It will be difficult for them to accept that their parents are seeing someone new, more so knowing that they will have to live with that someone new for a while or for the rest of their lives. They see the new person in their parent’s life as the villain who came in between their lives and tore their family apart; they see them as the bad guy who would take away their parent’s love and attention from them. They become possessive and jealous; they are always on guard for whatever it is that may have anything to do with the new person. That is why they deliberately try to do things that are against the new person regardless of how small it may be for an issue as long as it affects the new person badly for the purpose of keeping him/her away from their life for good. But with patience and perseverance on the part of the affected parties, there will come a time that the kids will start to learn to open up to the idea that their parents are not getting back together ever and that they will have to learn and accept the new person in their parent’s life especially when they start to appreciate the efforts and the presence of the new person who has always been there for them showing kindness and support despite the test of time. So if the new someone is really determined to be part of the family it will take much love, faith, patience and perseverance which are some of the keys to win the kid’s heart of his/her partner.
Favorite show: Sponge Bob Square Pants
The Scorpio Races - Maggie Stiefvater (signed!)
Maybe he walked around in a red suit all day, and kids kept coming up to him asking him for presents. I suppose at some point, you’ve got to give in. But of course, I wanted to know what aspect of him was so santalike. Perhaps it was his constant winking. Poor guy has a tic, and everyone won’t leave him alone about it.
On ORTM, the state television service, the Turkish soap opera “Noor” has replaced the Telemundo telenovela “Frijolito” on weekday afternoons. Many Bamakoises never got to see the ending of “Frijolito” due to power outages. This was a source of much regret for the women in my household.
He died on April 15.
Doll By Doll
From your
But you just can't steamroller through changes to the NHS without the staff. Not without the surgeons and the nurses and the GPs and the radiographers and the physios. It can't be done. I'm astonished Dave and George didn't get the memo. They must have been on yet another foreign lobbying trip when civil servants held the "Sacred Cow" seminar.
“The EC has failed to act on this… to clean up the electoral roll even though the presence of these non-resident voters contravenes Article 119 1(b) of the Federal Constitution which says a voter must be a resident in the constituency he is voting in,” he said.
But you have even admitted yourself that if you were born somewhere else, you would probably not be a Christian. “…my Christian upbringing has certainly influenced my choice to follow Christ.” Exactly. Since you were raised Christian, you already have a predisposition to believing in Christianity. If you were raised Muslim, you would be saying that you found evidence that supports Islam and that is why you made it your own faith and not just the faith of your parents. If you were raised Hindu, you would saying you found evidence that supports Hinduism and that is why you made it your own faith and not just the faith of your parents. You would look at the evidence, and with your Hindu bias, you would just say that it all supports Hinduism and contradicts all of those other faiths like Christianity or Islam. You would say that Hinduism has more evidence behind it than any other religion. You would say that. You would feel that all the Christians are wrong just like you currently think that all the Hindus are wrong. However, because you just happened to be born in a nation filled with Christians means that you were more likely to have a predisposed bias to Christianity and anything that supports it, even if it is contradicted by everything else in history and science, or even by itself in its own holy book.
And rises past the last horizon
For the most part, however, style and tone is very much tongue-in-cheek; while the historical detail is neatly detailed, and the story is very much rooted in reality, the central premise - that a bookish-loving student might find himself gifted a gangster’s criminal empire - is ludicrous.
In a large nonstick skillet heat 1 tablespoon coconut oil over medium-high heat. Once heated, add diced sweet potatoes and apples. Add a pinch or two of sea salt and cinnamon to the pan. Cook sweet potatoes and apples until cooked and softened. I prefer my sweet potatoes to be slightly browned.
You’v probably heard of this well-written book. I’v never read anything that contained as many cuss words as this, but for a meager, shallow novel, it’s a reflection of the community in the 1950′s.
The thing is if you learn how you fit in a culture fairly late (and I'm thinking your mid-twenties is actually quite late in terms of development) you will probably spend the next bunch of time sort of exploding with the news while variously attempting to wedge your way into the imagined cultural body you think you need to belong to whether it's a loosely organized one like the art world, the poetry world, or the gay community.Belonging is definitely the problem for a very good reason. The working class prepares you to be a player in a very unspecialized arena. Because you have been educated to support the way the world turns.
These have been drawn on the same piece of paper so you can see the drawing on through the other side (I don’t like to waste paper).
And just like the Scripture itself, the painting's emphasis is on the "emerald" color in the center.
This is the only novel of Anne Boleyn I have really enjoyed. It was sympathetic, yet explored the fall of Anne in an interesting way. Die-hard Anne fans may be a little irked by some of the inaccuracies in this novel; it was accurately written at the time, but recent research proves some of Norah Lofts’ descriptions of Anne and her family incorrect. That doesn’t stop this from being an excellent novel, though.
point of death. That’s some hardcore faithfulness.
Michael Behe and Keith Fox debate evolution and intelligent design. (See below for link to MP3 file)
Last night, the vomiting got really bad, so they intubated her to get the stuff out. The good thing is that, when they did the gastrointestinal scan, the hernia corrected itself to some degree, and the stomach temporarily popped back into place. So, she's feeling better now, although she still can't eat or drink anything, and she is sort of in and out of consciousness. (My sister says that she looks MUCH better than she did yesterday, though.)
We can blame Britain, British universities, British mosques until we are blue in the face - but we have to be honest. What all of these things have in common are Islam and Muslims.
14. On national radio for the first time - BBC Radio 3’s The Verb. A short story was commissioned, recorded by a gorgeous Welsh voice - and there was studio discussion.
I’m willing to go any length just because of you.
8th grade algebra. 11th grade trig. College calculus. Lesson planning and statistical analysis.
Her fight with breast cancer and eventual triumph is a perfect example of this. Olivia, who seems to attribute her recovery as much to her positive attitude as to her treatment has dedicated a great deal of her energy to raising awareness about the disease and after a decade of campaigning she’s ready to throw open the doors to the Olivia Newton-John Cancer and Wellness Centre this June. She and her husband ‘Amazon John’ Easterling got married in the Amazon, and their interest in alternative medicines and treatments extends into their business – The Amazon Herb Company. In fact, her trip to Sri Lanka might inspire a new range of products. “My husband is meeting tomorrow with some Sri Lankan herbalists to talk about the plants here,” she tells us.
He listened, but did not hear anything out of the ordinary.
-chicken wire
It has a crunchy texture with sweet-tangy flavors. In Asian cuisine, it is popular with salad, prawns, sesame oil and/or coriander leaves. Lotus root is very low in saturated fat, it has been found to be rich in dietary fiber, vitamin C, potassium, thiamin, vitamin B6, etc.
If you believe his lies & accusations, here are some of the by-products. One plays on another & it grows and grows.
You looked so beautiful!
A Hollywood film production company has contacted me and plans for "Blogland - The Movie" are now well under way. Thanks to Earl Gray for hatching this idea. A film crew will join us in Blogland some time in mid-June but most of the steamy love scenes will be filmed in Hawaii. I think the film crew are just coming to capture scenic shots that can then be edited in to the final product. Leslie Nielsen was going to be signed up to play Mr Brague but sadly we discovered that Leslie passed away in 2010 so the producers have managed to tempt Robert Redford out of retirement instead.
Tempted art thou ?
We've probably all worn clothes our mom didn't care for at one point in time. My mom and I had an ongoing prom dress feud during my high school career, so when I spotted this dare from Larissa Hardesty I knew it was time to relive the past:
I was so surprised he wanted to walk through and play in the water! Usually he hates even walking through a tiny puddle, and refuses to go outside if the ground is wet. He loved the lake though. If he wasn’t on a leash I’m pretty sure he would have gone swimming in it.
As you may have seen in my last post if you waded through all of the garden photos, I had a lot of spinach from my winter garden. It’s going to flower soon but I thought I’d share my favorite way to eat it—well, really three ways to eat it :
The following article appears in today’s Arizona Republic newspaper:
888 ***D-X/28/1984. “The Book of Jonah and the Rule of Law.” The School of Law, Loyola University of Chicago, Chicago, Illinois. (Incorporated in Item C-1991(4), above, pp. 821-30, 1043-44, and in Item B-15 (Projected), above, pp. 71-81 (2004).)
The song in the video, sung by Sophie Milman, is "Eli, Eli" - a poem written by Hannah Senesh and set to a melody composed by David Zahavi.
As Messi has just broken Barca’s record we face many well known questions again. Can Messi be the top goal scorer of all time? Is he the best who ever lived? What will he do next? Only time will tell and only you can decide whether he is or isn’t the greatest footballer on the planet and whether he is the greatest footballer of all time.
Oh! What an uncomfortable memory, albeit laughable…but where were we? Oh yes, four years and two children later at that huge round table at the front of the restaurant…
But His sadness! His sadness!
6 oz crab meat
Update: Since the last time I edited this post I worked on this piece. In the middle of my painting session I decided that I couldn’t stand the orange anymore and painted over it. I get a little anxious at times and…sometimes I regret my sudden decisions…but not this time! I think it was for the best. I love this painting so much more with a blue theme. Reminds me of this one. I should have done a video of this session…dang it!
"Mmm hmmm... Wait! Salt? Noooo", I said, waking up a bit.
*Karen whose biggest guilty pleasure is fresh red raspberries with cream and sugar. (Karen - that is not a guilty pleasure - that's breakfast!)
Mr. Robert Douglas Norman, a 28 year-old electrical engineer from Glasgow, Scotland, was traveling on the Titanic from Southampton to Vancouver, Canada where his brother resided and where he owned some land. He boarded the doomed ship as a second class passenger.
sky to sky
The Union leaders are just as irritated by what is happening as are the politicians, even those craggy old Stalinists who are better at hiding their true feelings that the chap who lost it in South Wales, can not totally disguise the fact that they would be far happier were British workers to protest in favour of handing over more jobs to foreign workers. For make no mistake, they are fellow travellers with NuLabour and they are no less committed to multiculturalism and all that it entails.
So what I want to know today whilst I'm busy beavering away, "what has been your weirdest request for a card?"
Why should I care what anyone else does with her blog? Why shouldn't I simply avoid the blogs I find distasteful and stick with the writers who continue to thrill me and delight me and entertain me enough to make up for the fact that there are other things I could be doing with my time besides reading their posts?
Here are some of my favourites from the sessions (I just love the Windy Bride story!):
When I regained my strength, I let the bananas thaw on the counter, snipped off the ends and squirted them out like toothpaste. Gross description, I know, but quite convenient. The freezing made them very soft, so the mixing process was a breeze. There was a little extra moisture inside the peel, but I drained it out and that was that.
Earlier this month brought Matty's Christening. It was surreal to be sitting in the front pew listening to Father speak. I've said this before and I'm sure I'll say it again .. I honestly never thought I'd be blessed with another child and have the opportunity to do these things again. Some moments really felt like a dream.
NOTE: There is another Human Based Frites idea going around, and it could be all the worst of Humans plus the worst of Frites. Check out Nurgleprobe’s idea on his website at http://nurgleprobe.wordpress.com/2012/04/29/mtg-standard-deck-frites-with-a-twist/
Moar kawaii! Kids, of course, love either snack (as, for that matter, do I;-))
_ Creating an index for runaway slave ads or Freedmen’s Bureau correspondence.
LOL! Yeah, in case anyone's interested, the way to get a group of people to scream when you enter a room is to enter just in front of an actual celebrity. In this case, I walked in right before Tim Gunn and everyone screamed for him. I only bowed, thanked everyone, and offered to sign autographs for a minute before I realized he was standing behind me.
Leon has only learnt to stand like this in the last week and now he's a bit of an expert....holding on with one hand while leaning down to pick something up from the floor...and today he was holding a toy in the same hand that was holding the playpen but he couldn't get a proper grip and so he swapped the toy to the other hand but he still wanted have one hand free, so he popped the toy in his mouth and voila!! Boy did he grin at his own cleverness.
So don't let your luggage define your travels
There is local outrage, and much speculation, as to why the prosecutors have failed to issue warrants:
I don’t what it is about Nacho’s that have me hooked. It’s my fall back meal for everything.
The movie gets right what Fahrenheit 451 got so wrong. The future is dark. Brutalist. Grimy. The two novels are spiritual brothers: a totalitarian government takes extreme and unreasonable means to suppress information. The masses are fed drivel to keep them sated. War never ends.
Some Odd Girl is my baby freshly launched in January and we are proudly bringing some fun and quirky images that I hope you'll like! The idea to start Some Odd Girl was inspired by two great friends who are such dolls! They took one of my pencil drawings and made it into red rubber and that act of generosity spiraled into what you see today! I am a married FTWM of 2 who has a hubby who not only loves me but supports my crafting and my site as my IT guy. What more could a girl want? I am an artist born who started out with pencils then acrylics and now scrapbook and am a cardmaker. I do DT work for ScrapMuse, Gutter Girls, and Design Dollies but Some Odd Girl is my baby.
Try to pair up your Pumpkin Ales with hearty fall flavors – foods that could balance those pumpkin pie spices, without overshadowing them. The perfect match might just be with Thanksgiving dinner – turkey & sweet potatoes … side that up with some zucchini bread, and you’ll have a winner. Also consider pork chops with wild rice, or even grilled bratwurst with sauerkraut. For dessert, go with apple crisp and ice cream (very complementary!), or a slice of cheesecake.
“Hell yea!” quipped Andy. It was clear these two knew each other and there was something going on other than a normal inmate guard relationship. “I got peoples coming next week. I’ll see what I can do.”
This is a very good beer, but very pricey. I now have the proper motivation to clone it. I'll start with the SMaSH batch then start working my way toward it.
Why do you keep messing with my head???
I usually walk out with spending 7 to 8 bucks in picking up subscriptions. Sometimes, when I’m feeling crazy, I pick up a trade paperback of something that I think I would be interested in. Then is just awesome to go off and have a conversation with an adult and talk about things that don’t totally matter.
Anyways, tomorrow my infamous goose post will be featured! I'm excited and a little nervous to put myself out there in my current state of writers block.
Neil Patrick Harris?
That series is finished for now, but I may pick it up again in the future. I set it up for a spin-off series. I don’t have any plans for it as the moment, but I really loved that world and there may come a time in the future I might want to play a bit more in it.
For those who didn't see on twitter, I recently suffered a polish casualty. I broke my only bottle of China Glaze OMG GR8. I was distraught to say the least. The worst thing is I had only used it twice!
Being very sure it would be of interest he also sent a magazine cutting as well to give a second view.
Candy as you can. Or your favorite chocolate and hunt around to find the name of what they were chocolates and candies geureulege can put it in baseball. Sweet perfume about it and get it, you should be held accountable. Different miniatures this creative and fun ideas for my husband’s anniversary gifts to baseball. Toys for the check list of all his favorite things, books, sports equipment, food, perfume, music, gadgets, drinks, etc. Whatever they are, you can choose the model can be found, or people. For example, perfume and mini botalamanthi very easy to get, but the sports equipment, toys and similar items must be made. This is a small artist, and you can rest on his birthday geureulegejugoitda put together a small basketball. It is a gift that they will certainly want to show! Remember, it is a gift to give a popular idea in the measurements. Your favorite fruit gift baskets.
You could certainly be forgiven for not having heard Maskarade. Although it became Denmark's "national opera" almost from its premiere in 1906, it hasn't travelled. Our loss, as it's also one of the few comic operas this century to exude genuine, life-enhancing comedy. The plot isn't simply described: like Smetana's The Bartered Bride, it concerns the goings-on at a specific time and place--with all the misunderstandings and reconciliations this implies. It's also very much an ensemble opera, the cast dovetailing their roles into each other at high speed, and this aspect comes over so well here. Even without visuals, you're drawn into the thick of the action and held there for the two-and-a-half hours it takes to resolve the many confusions. Auge Haugland and Susanne Resmark are fully in tune with their characters, but it's invidious to single out soloists in what is a fine all-round performance, conducted with gusto by Schirmer. Go ahead, indulge yourself. --Richard Whitehouse
On the plates on which were spread the dregs of "Pale Ale". only the hard acid-forming colonies could be isolated. These were apparently identical with St. II. In this context it should be remembered that the beers came from the same brewery.
I was also trying to figure out why it ended up on my JUNK folder. It could be due to
* 3 large egg whites, lightly beaten and placed in a medium sized,
I love that he has been collaborating with the faculty and students on this project. Right now the tent is all enclosed, but hopefully there will be a more finished product on display soon!
Foo Fighters perform “Rope”
to put into their Easter Basket, but that
The Troops were used as props and photo-ops to get control of the country, as is often the case when Democrats are in power. Nothing is sacred to them and no lie is too small or too big to tell to keep that power.
Sidek’s call to all departments and agencies to take heed of the AG’s comments and views is is annual repeated reaction.
All Content Copyright
How do we know that the life of Jesus is not just a story that the Church made up?
He points out that the Black community has 40 percent of its population on welfare, 72 percent of its children born out of wedlock and a 48 percent abortion rate, and asks “Is this what the black community has to show for its 95% support of the Democratic Party?”
Mom also taught me a special trick to make up for people not being able to pet me. When Mom tells me to say hello, I wave my paw at the people. We get a lot of smiles for that and Mom says it has really helped some people overcome the stereotype that any dog with a square head and a broad chest is mean or aggressive! Mom says that she wants to "pay it forward" to other dogs for what I do for her since she thinks she can't pay me back (which I still think is silly since I get to sleep on her bed on my own pillows, get the best food, chewies and stuffies/other toys. I even have a pool to lounge in when we're outside with Mom). But we all want to help homeless animals, especially those that are misrepresented.
Paired with . . . Lost Abbey The Angel’s Share (vintage 2009), Bourbon barrel-aged Strong Ale
my calendar for the year to come. Not only is it
The question is, do you want to grab an oar and paddle?
PAGEANT DAY! Here's what I can remember of it, it just went so fast it seems!
The forecast: Partly cloudy skies. High 83F, humidity 40%. Winds SW at 10 to 15 mph. 5% chance of precipitation.
doorstep and picture me
Let us not watch these next chilling verses play out.
One of the fun things about blogging is meeting other bloggers. It is great to meet via WordPress but even better in the flesh.
Congratulations to Briar and Hillary as the represented KRHS at the provincial badminton championships over the weekend. Briar finished 2nd overall in singles and Briar and Hillary finished 2nd overall in doubles. Well done girls.
All I need now is some way of ensuring that I print out the sheet next week…
~Cover Talk~
Continuous curve quilting is stitched just like the name implies - in a continuous line, working around the block, starting and stopping at the same point. You have to work out the path before you start quilting.
After spending a few days out in Wales we planned to have one day in London before hopping on another plane to Germany. The day was gorgeous and pretty warm. We left early morning to drive back to the Heathrow airport to drop our car off and check into our hotel to drop our multitude of baggage off. Next we hopped on the Tube downtown and got off at the Tower Station. Did a bit of walking around and checking out the sites before hopping on a Thames ferry to the London Eye for a scenic ride.
Short of the Greeks buckling, however, it looks as if the Eurogroup will have run out of options and be forced on Monday to approve – in principal – the bailout deal. Merkel and her northern allies have until then to engineer still more excuses for the Greeks to drop out.
Quality : 9 (+)
“The idea that disaster must follow the default of one eurozone member is political bullshit,” said a London-based lending source yesterday, “It’s just that the Germans and eurocrats have always insisted it’s true, so they feel that they can’t U-turn now.”
Eat your favorite food and visit places you love.
Do you write what you know, or stretch your imagination, or both?
Not only did they know every nuance of Venus’s synchronicty with Earth, but they figured that in a complete cycle of 8 years the two planets did a dance round the zodiac (and the Sun) which resembled a sacred pentagram. Some of their written motifs reflect this knowledge. It is no surprise, then, that they also knew when Venus made a double transit of the Sun, a phenomenon that occurs less than once per century.
No surprises where – it’s Tower Hamlets. Of course…
My adult novels, with another publisher, I arranged myself in the local Borders. Unfortunately no one from my publisher was able to attend, but then I asked the local sales rep to come and he was great - as were the staff at Borders. They served wine and bought and sold a large number of my books. Keeping up the tradition of cake-making I made 2 cakes for the Wegener launch (one depicting Pangaea, the other the continents now)
Bruce Fish Sr. was a professional wrestler, but he spent most of the time down in the States in various promotions. There was a long awkward silence, but I eventually asked him about wrestling. He said: "yeah I gotta story".
Take the motions
Tired from nothing less than an epic labor, Mom is resting and recovering well. As for Dad, he is incredibly proud of the love of his life for her "slow and steady progress" and he is tremendously happy holding his perfect little boy.
Heaven will bring me sweeter rest.
To celebrate its 40th anniversary Picador has recently reissued a selection of classics, among them White Noise by Don DeLillo. The work, originally published in 1985, won the National Book Award and established DeLillo as one of the most promising contemporary American writers. Today, it remains one of his best books, which gives a valiant and veracious picture of “human dread”, as well as of the horrors and ecstasies of life. The book also contains other signature postmodernist themes, such as the disintegration of traditional value systems; the homogenisation of culture; consumerism; capitalism; and spiritual exiguity. But above all – and this is what distinguishes DeLillo’s skill from that of other writers – White Noise is a work that prompts the reader to contemplate – with prodigious empathy for the characters – death both on an individual and a universal scale. A perilous subject, perhaps, but one DeLillo thinks innate in the “concentrated writing” that, according to him, almost always tends to “end in some kind of reflection on dying”.
Mainly this document is not a statement of facts but an argument by Judge Berchelmann to the Commission about what the punishment should be. Judge Berchelmann's recommendation that Judge Keller deserves no sanction primarily hinges on the conclusion that she violated no unwritten rules. If she had, the ruling implies, the need for stronger sanctions than "public humiliation" might be merited. For my part, I think it's pretty clear she violated the court's unwritten rules, its oral traditions, its verbal prescriptions or its lingual decrees, whatever you want to call them.
- pink curtains
It suggests, and not entirely inaccurately (especially after Holmes’s aggressive demonstration of what the actual past is like) that this era’s investment in the past is indistinct even by the standards of nostalgia - that what is really desired at this point is merely the vague feeling that the series is of the past. That is to say, what matters is not the content of the past but the mere existence of it - that some past is invoked. Given what pragmatic arguments were being aired in the series’ favor at this point in time, an issue we’ll look at in more detail around this time next week, this is almost grotesquely appropriate.
But he was watching in the dawn. Silently he moved closer, the soft bare earth of
4 juillet 1885
Today is my husband's first day back at work, and settling in to a peaceful time at home-- all by myself. If it was raining, I'd be more inclined to bake bread and soup, and to have a cozy fire where I could curl up and enjoy a quiet lunch at home. Instead, I'm feeling guilty for now being outside, enjoying the warm weather!
Slowing the heartbeat of what used to be
I was in college by this time, far too old to let my hair color choices be influenced by a fictional character, so if you ask, I'll say that the decision to go that red was in no way (consciously) inspired by my love for Columbia. But I mean, come on. If I were only wearing a gold top hat, I'd be a couple of nipple slips away from being Columbia, as portrayed by Little Nell ("Nell" has also been a nickname of mine at various points in my life).
These are just my thoughts. It nice to think that the freedom to criticise something and the technological means to transmit these criticisms and my ability to pose a contrary position are all the result of the actions of people who went before us and gave up plenty to defend the principals of goodness against evilness.
It began in Silicon Valley with meetings at Microsoft, Electronic Arts, the Irish Innovation Centre, as well as conversations with a couple of Welsh-run technology companies in the San Francisco Bay Area.
That gave my little brain plenty to think about! Was he saying I didn’t tell the truth in the book? That I somehow misrepresented him in my story? What did he mean? I didn’t ask him, and rather than try and figure out the answer, I lived, as Rilke said, “inside the question.” As I traveled the country on my book tour, it became my personal Zen koan each time I took the stage.
You can chose to disable or selectively turn off these cookies in your browser settings, or by managing preferences in programs such as Norton Internet Security. We don't think that would prevent you from using our site, but it might screw up how other sites function, especially sites you have to log into, like forums.
The Curriculum Principle
Anthony Neil Smith's depressing and mesmerizing All the Young Warriors, which I highly recommend (it will thoroughly depend on your own reading preferences whether you will read either Smith or perhaps neither).
Eventually, Evie runs with a pack of hounds that could not only get her and Nate killed but lay a path of destruction through Boston. Is she up for the challenge?
back in the day,
This is especially important today, when billions of dollars from so-called super PACS are being spent on behalf of presidential candidates for the first time. Super PACS, political action committees that can raise unlimited sums from individuals, corporations, unions and other groups, were made legal under a 2010 Supreme Court decision.
I must come clean, my friends find me extremely annoying this time of year. You see, I get kinda preachy and very stressed. During the last 3 years I have provided the station with various ads to communicate events including Radiothon.
It felt like some kind of weird withdrawal not to have my computer. At first it was kind of blissful, then it became quite difficult, and finally I had become a bit of a pesk because I was getting behind in my actual work work. But I am so thankful for the Tech Dept at Staples for solving these problems for me. Now, I have the task of re-installing all of my software that was added on since this original computer purchase.
Dlodlo said she agreed with Mantashe that the Hlophe saga was not about him, but in preparation for an outcome that will “disfavour Zuma”.
Doing too much….doing more than my fair share…..
Rose, as Chief Surveillance Commissioner, has been responsible for scrutinising the surveillance activities of the police and other official bodies for five years.
**Just as a quick note, I want to mention that, when I sarcastically refer to Monsanto’s use of helping farmers and feeding the world, it is not done with malice toward the farmers or poor people in third world countries. I believe in taking action to make sure there are no starving people, and it keeping at the forefront of my mind the value, tangible and intangible, that farmers add to society – I just don’t believe any of what Monsanto does actually helps any of these people, and is in fact making the third world poorer and the farmers bankrupt.
"What're you looking for? Can you give me a bit of inspiration?"
Even when the sun isn’t shining on me
Thank you, Janus Publishing, but no thank you.
Welcome to China.
Another way of getting noticed by search engines is to use social media. There are social bookmarking sites that can be joined awhere the target website’s product is talked about. Then there is article writing. This is what I have just accomplished for the first time. I wrote an article on coffee and had it published at an online site that publishes original content, something written by the person submitting. I plan to write at least twice a month and get it published.
China and India and so many other countries are fully engaging the global economy from both the supply and demand side. As a result, innovative companies are breaking price barriers that were once thought impermeable.
While "long-term strategist" sticks out more as an abstract category, applicable to all of the others, rather than a position in and of itself, the analytic impulse behind Hyde's list has provoked an interesting conversation; Dan Hill, Marcus Westbury, MM Jones, and Gerard Reinmuth are just a few of the participants enlivening the post's growing comments thread.
If you have a knack at interpreting templates, then you can ignore the rest of the posting. However if you need step by step instructions, then keep on going...LOL. Warning--there are LOTS of pictures!
But what pique my curiosity was when it was mentioned that gluten in the bread might cause belly fat around the waist , and so my research begin on this substance called Gluten.
"We painted them a light gray and I sewed chair pads using an Amy Butler home décor fabric. On one side of the table, we’re using a bench because it keeps the room open to the living room and it’s easier for Parker to sit at the table and get up and down. The first bench we used for a while was a CL find for $30 that we painted the same color as the chairs; it also had a long covered pad with the same fabric. I was naïve and thought I wouldn’t mind washing the bench cover when it got stained. Not only was it annoying, but the repetitive washings significantly discolored the fabric. I eventually gave up and let it get covered with ketchup stains. Home Goods came through for us though.
180 g (6 oz) dark chocolate chopped
SanJAsKa: The blockage you are feeling is in fact not related to the 11.11.11 and your perceived disappointments surrounding that date, rather it is the result of much energy that has built up in you since you started your brief venture on Earth. You see dear Wesley, though you have only been in your current embodiment a very short time, you have experienced hundreds of Lives on Earth’s surface, and there are many doubts in you that are now surfacing for release. Have you not noticed that the more you shy away from your spirituality, the harder it is for you to come back to everything?
Ever wonder if the science-fiction concept of artificial intelligence will be as ordinary as accessing the Internet? Or playing tunes on your touchscreen iPod? Well, that concept may not be as fanciful as one may think. Meet Watson, I.B.M.’s newest star in the rising world of smart machines. In a very highly anticipated competition against two of Jeopardy!’s greatest contestants, 72-time champion Ken Jennings and Brad Rutter, the super machine ousted its two human opponents with the final tally of $77,147 to Mr. Jennings’ $24,000 and Mr. Rutter’s $21,600.
This week's Weekly Bake Off recipe was the American Chocolate Ripple Cheesecake, which I actually made a couple of months ago for my first Clandestine Cake Club outing. It was absolutely gorgeous and I felt it ticked all the boxes of my cheesecake requirements - tangy, sweet and sticky. I did feel that there was too little biscuit for the base, and so doubled the amount - I also used half ginger biscuits, half digestive for a nice tangy base.
Singing has always been easy for me, and I enjoy it. Fortunately, I also get paid to do it. Weekends you can often find me at the front of one parish or another, raising my holy hand and smiling wide in hopes that those assembled with me to worship will also raise their voices in song.
I found myself pushing instead of leading..T
for a friend of mine has arrived at my house from a journey
2 teaspoons cinnamon
“The Box” aka GC2EWQP, again, similar type box, few items in it, including water, pens, soggy logbook, we didn’t sign either log book yet took photographs of the daughter with the caches.
You will discover trendy along with other sizes hellas sa greece shapes simply by the person wish to have everything from parent to truly seniors.
Soon we'll be releasing information to the media about our drive to raise funds for the National Film Preservation Foundation and its White Shadow project. The NFPF wants to stream the movie for all to see and record the score by Michael Mortilla.
“We are talking about an Opposition which is more organised and committed and out to replace the Government.
"This is good news because although it may be difficult to change your personality, you may be able to alter your view of time and boost your happiness," Prof Howell said.
I can't wait to return to Paris this summer and use it as my guide.
Some people think that writing for the web is easy. Little do they know that it demands a lot more than just knowing and mastering the basics of clear and effective writing. Web content writing requires the writer or blogger to be more sensitive and knowledgeable about the way the online community works. They need to know the basics of search engine optimization so they can write highly valuable content and eventually increase their site’s ranking. Thus, they have a lot more going for them than people think.
Blu is more of the second type, so stylistically it doesn’t tend to resonate with me as well. This is more of a personal preference thing, and not a reflection of the quality of the restaurant.
January 23, 20129pm ET/8pm CT and 9pm PT on NBC
UPDATE: 23rd February, 2012. It seems NAMA is sticking by its view expressed here, that there is “no pot of gold” in developers’ transfers. Deputy McGrath’s question was actually dealt with on Tuesdaythis week, not Wednesday, and can be found here, and is reproduced verbatim below. “Deputy Michael McGrath asked the Minister for Finance if he will provide details of the number of individual cases that comprise the €160 million of asset transfers by National Asset Management Agency debtors to family members which have been now reversed by the agency; if all of these reversals have been achieved without the necessity for court action; the number of individual cases in which NAMA is pursuing similar reversals; and if any court action is planned or currently underway to achieve this objective.
She made a show of slowly standing and, with exaggerated motions, dragging herself over to the box Tattletale had brought. She retrieved a black plastic portable generator that wasn’t much bigger than a microwave oven. She acted like it was ten times heavier than it was as she hauled it over toward the spot where Sophia sat.
Is that to understand oneself
THIS is Ernie lookin at them... the Cages kinda Scared him... at furst, but now he knows what they are all about so he isn't worried any more. I surely do HOPE that we actually do get some Blue Berries this year.. AT LEAST enough to TASTE.
America’s Press are a family-owned print business based in League City, Texas run by Joel Turner. They have been book printers since 1963 and now specialize in digital print on demand short print runs for small to medium sized publishers as well as authors looking to self-publish their book in paperback.
MUFE HD Foundation #127:
2 extinctions
Second: if it is the norm, what the hell is wrong with me? Lol… No, really. I know sometimes I move too slow, but I didn’t realize I was that far from the curve.
You have completed the script/novel checklist from Part One. You have polished it more than your mother’s good silverware. You are finally ready to let it go out into the world.
So before we release this new collaboration, I want to give you all a chance to WIN it!! :)
I’m filling in for the Pearl Girls blog this week. Margaret is off to the Republican National Convention, so I thought now would be a great time to talk about first ladies and pearls.
3. When you face situations where you know you are going to get hurt/burned, I love the way you find the courage to try again and again.
NZERE VI Wafanenombo * * * (died)
I didn’t know it then because it would be 5 years before I knew what the lyrics were.
Tonight’s recipe came straight from WW.com, although I made a few minor modifications so that it would be more to my taste. If you want to, you can check out the original recipe. I thought it sounded good because of the unusual (to me) combination of flavors. Plus, the weather is still cold, and I knew a crock pot stew would taste delicious.
Roll credits!
- Health Care and Social Media in Europe
A few years ago my sister made a cross stitch that said "Do crafts not drugs" and I have loved the saying ever since! And for those of you who craft, you know that crafting IS like a drug. As an aficionado of sarcasm, I thought a wall hanging with this saying would be a perfect fit for my craft room.
There will be red ones and blue ones
Measure the flour, sugar and butter into a bowl. Rub the butter in with your fingertips until the mixture resembles bread crumbs. Stir in the egg with a fork, adding only as much of the egg as you need to create a stiff dough. Knead a bit with your hands and then shape the dough into a cylinder about 3 inches in diameter and 6 inches in length. Cut into 1/2 inch thick slices with a sharp knife. Place onto the baking sheet, leaving at least 2 inches between each one. (The mixture spreads a bit during baking.)
I bought.
This year, April 1 happened to coincide with the season premiere of Game of Thones: Season 2. I was already thinking about making cookies to share for those of us watching it. But for some reason I remembered these cookies my mom made for us one summer: I remembered them as sugar cookies with a “mystery” center, usually something delicious like chocolate or peanut butter. So I set out to recreate these cookies, upping the ante. I would make ALL THE FLAVORS. Well, at least every flavor in my cupboard:
Symptoms and Signs
Also have been doing some collage on canvas. This is one that I did yesterday , not sure if I am done with it !
Length: 25:44
And so Buddha told her to knock on every door in her village until she found a household that did not know death. She began knocking on every door and every time she visited a home, the families would tell her that they were sorry but they did indeed know death: a mother, a son, a brother, or a father had died, and they fondly shared memories of their loved ones with her. As she went from home to home, she realized that death was universal and the negative energy of her suffering was transmuted into empathy and compassion, which translates as shared suffering. Humbled, the woman went back to Buddha and thanked him for his teaching about impermanence.
:: what was in the Rum Punch?
Still reading this? You poor sap. Joking! If you’re still following this tale, thank you so much. A quickie today. A brief introduction of the novel’s antagonist. Been working on this blog all day today and the words have stopped flowing through my razoodocks. I’ll just let you read it.
I created accounts, posted, deactivated. This cycle continued for two more years. What’s this obsession with posting and deactivation? It’s just another symptom of Borderline Personality Disorder.
“We will continue working with the Somali Army and affiliated groups to train its soldiers and advance the National Security and Stabilization Plan, an ongoing process parallel to the approval of a draft constitution.”
1. Approach the first customer you see pushing a cart containing a small baby and a bunch of bananas, and tell him/her “the sky is falling.”
To make it even better, there was a consignment shop a few storefronts away in the plaza. In ReStore I used my wheelchair; I knew we’d be there quite a while, but I loaded it in the van after that and walked to and through the consignment shop. That may well have been the longest time I’d been on my feet in ages. Hours later and I’m still good! Woohoo!! Of course we found more treasures there. We were both tired by this time and went out for a late lunch.
By all three us.
Recently, we held a Black mens roundtable about the Trayvon Martin and the aftermath with Black men from Canada, the United States and England.
Instead of a civilised cup of tea, at the end of the trip I popped into Wetherspoons for a Woild Moild, from Wolf Brewery in Norfolk - it's nice to see the beers from that part of the country coming so far afield. It was also rather cheaper than a cup of tea for a half!
And lastly . . .
Don’t give them any excuse (“Applying”)
I am pretty sure I know what caused mine. Well kind of.... I have it narrowed down and probably all of them together did it.
Since Freda has taken over the running of the festival the programme has gone from strength to strength. Successfully maintaining a festival like Chester's must be a huge amount of work, and Freda has obviously built up a valuable network over the years. However the forthcoming festival in October will be her last - she is planning to leave in order to pursue her many other interests including looking after her new granddaughter. I know that she will be very much missed.
last month, a handful of
I will ALWAYS list our on-line selling locations on our official website to ensure our listings are genuine.
7) Humbled to be able to reveal to my boyfriend's family that they were in all likelihood descended from passengers on the Mayflower – and surprised by all that those two passengers and their ancestors had to go through just to get to the boat!
The folks at Fyne know how to throw a party and if last year's was anything to go by then this one will be special. There are so many great beers to look out for that my chops are slobbering at the thought.
“That is fine with me.”
How hard and long would you be willing to work if you thought it might help your family find salvation from eternal death in Hell?
James Michael Starr Post-modern found-object sculpture and collage
“Hey, Dad,” I hear Obama silently say, from deep in the belly of The Beast. “Are you proud of me yet?”
DAILY THINGS TO DO
Mordecai received Esther’s communication and here is what he said in response:
“The problem arises when the media, in its quest to utilise its freedom as an unbiased channel of information, sensationalises reports with little or no nation-building value, which adversely affects peace and harmony of the nation.”
Certainly there are a million writers on the web. A few years ago I was part of an online writing community - and the one thing all the stories had in common was there utter lack of experimentation. In many ways the ideas of "hypertext" fiction and poetry remains a valid and vivid one - but many of these "techniques" are hardly new to the web, as a trawl through the wonderful Ubu.web reminds one. A newish avant garde magazine/publisher such as Manchester's ifpthenq or Norwich's Landfill appears to prefer the traditional book/pamphlet for their non-traditional work.
Next I colored his head. Turkeys have a red/blue fading bald head. Really pretty, and kindof tricky to do with Copics. The B32 is feather blended into the R22/R14. I added some C3 to his head to tone it down as well. I dotted on colorless blender and R59 to make it look lumpy. I could have darkened under the hat brim a bit more, but his head is so tiny that I didn't want to lose too much color, so I left it fairly bright.
16But now my soul is turned to water in me, days of trouble overtake me:
that i used on some hardware.
Working and fighting to make sure those behind get the interest on the change they deposited. Change is often hidden not so obvious. Something often sought but very few people find it.
Cardboard (template).
Here a photo of my wheels so you can properly visualize the situation:
I am a judgment junkie.
I was praying this morning for the 3 elders of my church, one of which is my pastor. They are on a small sabbatical if you will, taking the day to fast and pray. I know these men well and they are committed to leading my church as God calls them to, so they are humbling themselves before God and seeking the guidance of the Holy Spirit. Their jobs are far more difficult than most church attendees realize. They will be held accountable in a higher degree because they are teaching and guiding us. What shall their response be to this situation? What if they are asked by the media to comment?
I don't usually wake up grumpy from naps. As a rule I am quite reasonable. I only need the coffee to get the cobwebs out of my mind, not to put me in a good mood. As a matter of fact, I'm a quite mild mannered person and not prone to grumpiness. That doesn't mean that I don't think a person is not allowed to be it once in a while. We can't all be saints. There is a time and a place for everything. A lesser mood does happen when you're a mere mortal. Besides, the Greek gods were famous for their moodiness.
Finally! Something new to share. Lately, I haven't really been driven to make anything. The next birthday in my family will be me (October 8 *cough cough*), but my friend does have one around then as well, so I've started working on some things for her.
I'm not talking about Primo and me, by the way.
Fuelled by those few moments of eye contact she was determined to have more. She couldn’t go on looking at his head picturing her hands running through his hair while his tongue ran over her hot budding clit. Her imagination could only get her off so far, she wanted the real thing.
I'm not sure what to do with him about this and get him to slow down, think about the words and what the sentence means. His dad is worried about this also. I'm going to go through the test again with him this week and try to figure out where he's going wrong. Any suggestions for this?
When I wrote my first piece, it was a serial. As I joined the fray on the writer’s list at ERWA there were several themes going on in most of the stories. What I noticed for one thing was that there was very little heterosexual sex being portrayed. Almost everything but?
Focus: More of God
I've maked out the rough shapes for each side of the path and under the Parasol pines. I'll get rid of the grass, rotavate the soil and get it to a fine tilth before sowing. I am excited - components of the flower mix include Shirley Poppy, California Poppy, Cornflower, Fairy Toadflax, Bishop's Flower, Tickseed and Corn Marigold, Black - eyed Susan, Red Orache and Larkspur.
We all know that superchef Jamie Oliver and his TV campaigns for better school food have had a powerful impact in both the U.K. and the U.S.
First cut your main fabric (toweling or other) to be 19"x24". Next cut the Espresso Bean print to 36"x4", this will be the bottom ruffle of the towel.
Since few years, social networking sites have become like hot cake in the market. From preschoolers to those in their late eighties, every one of them is seen spell bounded by the whim of social networks. Be it the freedom of choice within the territory of network or the degree to which one can act in most extrovert way, social networks are in high for many reasons. The general assumption that teenagers are the most active users of internet has been falsified by the expansion of these networking sites. We can find every aged person being active at most in there.
Satanic Victory (Lethal Records 1994)
tick-tock.. tick…….tock
Jacqui (using "A Little Birdie Told Me")
Time slows in the moment of impact I recall years ago when I was rear ended at a stoplight. The car which burst into the back of my tiny turtle-like hatchback propelled my little shell clear across the intersection and even in that end of dusk light which filtered down through the tall shadows of the downtown skyscrapers–details rushed in through my eyes—as we slid, my head was thrown back with such force that my earring flew off and ricocheted off the back windshield and I know this because I watched it fly. I watched the stoplight, still red, as it inched in slow motion across my view, then I noticed the fibers of the grey ceiling above–each thread in impeccable detail from the front edge where the rubber seal of the windshield held the glass . . .back. . .back. . .back, what an expanse of a ceiling there is when your mind slows down to take in every thread, and, oh, look–there is a spot, a scuff mark–bike tire would it have been?
A FEW WEEKS ago, the Manchester football derby was held on Saturday lunchtime. All of my local pubs were showing it on satellite TV, which effectively made them no-go areas for anyone who just wanted a quiet pint. Undoubtedly televised football has a strong following and draws many customers in, but on the other hand not everyone is a fan. Licensees seem to take the view that if they don’t have it, they will lose trade, but across pubs as a whole many potential customers will be deterred, and of course Sky Sports costs pubs a huge amount of money. It’s a case of waiting for the other guy to blink first. As with many other things, surely a diversity in offer is in the interests of the pub trade as a whole, rather than everyone trying to appeal to the same segment of the market.
Step 1 , making the ferment
It's bad luck to let your kids eat two different flavours of Pringles on the same day.
The effervescent Jean Rogers is Joan Mallory, David's daughter. They're really happy because David's lawyer just told him that Ranger wants to buy his latest device, and Joan can get out of her deadend job, and David can get the much needed eye surgery he needs and deserves!
1. Why it is not just another” interconnected /hydro-elastic suspension” – as some like to claim,
I’m usually quite witty (if I do say so myself), but I’m honestly just very angry about this. Wit has deserted me in favor of mental equivalent of “HULK SMASH!”
My little dude turned 4 last week. His birthday was the talk of the house for weeks and after many disappointing "today is not the day" comments, we made a countdown chain. Poor little dude had a chain as tall as his door. Not only did he have a long wait, he had a hard time deciding on his theme. It went from baseball to soccer to baseball again and then one day it came to him - Mario. My insides turned to mush. How on earth was I too pull together a Mario Theme party.
We Love This Book are also proud to be sponsoring Sir Ranulph Fiennes and Misha Glenny’s events at The Times Cheltenham Literature Festival and Christopher Paolini’s appearance at the Bath Festival of Children’s Literature.
Before I begin my guest post: The Hunger Games edition of Don't Judge A Book, I would like to introduce myself. My name is Meg. I'm married to the guy who writes this blog, and, after reading The Hunger Games, I saw the midnight showing of the movie with him. I'm 28. I write YA fiction. I have a degree in Professional Writing. I have long been a fan of kids and YA dystopian stories, and I also have a habit of sneaking food into movies. The Hunger Games was no exception. As I witnessed this particular flick, my mouth was full of cherry, lemon, pina colada, and strawberry banana Starbursts. You can read more about that here: http://verymuchmeg.blogspot.com/2012/03/starbursts-compatability-and-pain.html
1. Punch It Autumn
Career Intern All Majors
For some people. Like me. Sticks and Stones hurt and so did careless words.
His best ideas always came in his sleep, not when he stared at the clock,
In this movie, MI-6 receives an offer of a “new” high-end Russian cypher machine, and although they are sure the offer is an entrapment, the prize is just to good to ignore. Little do they know that SPECTRE, the Special Executive for Counter-Intelligence, Terrorism, Revenge, and Extortion, is playing both the USSR and the USA to get the machine and kill Bond.
Finishing out the 2011-2012 NBA regular season with 13 games in 19 days, and 4 games in the last 5 days (geeeez), the Spurs traveled to both Phoenix and Golden State for the final two games. After complete warm-ups prior to Wednesday's game in Phoenix, it was decided that Duncan, Parker, and Ginobili would fly back to San Antonio, and not play these two games. However, We're also missing Gary Neal due to a sore shoulder from a great pick set by Kurt Thomas Monday against Portland. What was the most surprising, however, is that Gregg Popovich decided to fly back with them. So without four of our top players, and our head coach, Assistant Coach Mike Budenholzer would take the reigns for these two.
Granted, we’ve got quite a bit of moving experience. We know what we need, what we use, how we lift, and all of those little logistic details that someone like De’s mother just seems to be oblivious to. We’re obsessive enough over where and how things go to go ballistic if we don’t take charge of it ourselves.
Holy living in Him
Kids Halloween polo shirts are the best thing for this holiday. After all it is a extra holiday for children who have the chance to feel this climate and play with other children in the neighborhood. Use your imagination to create your own style and give them a happy night they will remember.
The Elections Department announced it will be updating the Registers of Electors on 13 April in a government gazette on Monday, sparking speculations that a by-election will be called soon in Hougang.
13. Never wear a T-shirt that vastly out-classes the event you're running. It’s like taking a gun to a knife fight. Or like unleashing an atomic bomb among aboriginal natives. You get the idea.
So I decided to think of an area where I felt there was a gap in the fashion blogging market, which for me, is the student sector. Not just a fashion student posting pictures of inspiration (although I thoroughly enjoy blogs of this kind and you can find this, if you so wish, in the inspiration menu), but a blog that delves deeper into fashion as an academic subject. It is partially a selfish exercise – I wish to practise my writing skills, and I feel it is not something stressed upon us at my university. What better way to practice writing than having a regular need to write. But also, I hope to discuss both current and historical topics within the fashion industry, both related to what I am currently learning about on my course and other random things I come across.
I finally made it home to Michigan. YES! I did. However, I'm mighty sad it was sans bunnies. :( I still have to find a way to get them here soon. Hopefully I'll land a job, and be able to have them with me by the end of July. I didn't realize how expensive bunnies are to fly or ship. Chris has them in his new apartment safe and sound so.
I realized I never was able to post what I got in my CSA box on Friday!
Who want to show they care,
A Penny Parade? A March of the Auditors?
4 reason
"In exploring this terrain," Robinson wrote in volume one, which I read several years ago, "it is best to let oneself be led by its inbuilt directionality."
Then we headed downtown for the annual trip to "3 Dog Bakery" and my birthday lunch. I picked out these yummy treats for me and Magic. It was really nice of me to let her share in my birthday festivities. I'm a good brother like that.
Mr. Abul Qaqa also said his group would give further information on biases by the media.
Now, I was well aware that I was a bit of a weirdo, or at least that I’d never quite fitted in at my school. Still, this particular foible didn’t really seem to me to be such a strange habit - certainly not strange enough to be included in a character sketch simply to highlight weirdness. But this was clearly the Official Explanation, and thus all the explanation I was going to get. And so - as with Hamlet and his smuggled sweary - for me it would be years before any further light was shed on this particular issue.
The video and articles are below:
A visual and musical expression of mathematical symmetry groups. The transformations done to the video are equivalent to the transformations done to the notes.
1 1/2 C light corn syrup
Hope to see you over at Lapbook Lessons – I’m sure you’ll find lots to do there! Good luck in the giveaway!!
I can’t help thinking that intercultural experiences also require this suspension of your own belief system and openness to another one. And it may also be true that in a similar way you can benefit from an action that is at odds somehow with your own beliefs, as long as you’re willing to loosen them a bit.
Traditional Blunoz family foot photo.
The Jew was trembling uncontrollably now, crouched upon the ground, his fingers awkwardly pawing at the bag of salt he’d stubbornly clung to all this time. Beneath his breath, he kept muttering the words ‘eretnik’ and ‘nechistaia sila’ as well as a variety of things in Yiddish. Stolik’s Russian wasn’t good enough to translate.
Happy eating, folks!
Remember Stanislaw Lem (from this post)? Well, in 1960, he had a short story, "IJON TICHY'S MEMORIES," in which a scientist creates an entire virtual world (and, evidently, traps people within it). Trapped in this virtual world is another scientist who creates a virtual world. Yes, within the first one.
How do you view the world? Do you see it in colour, black and white, or red and black? Who are you listening to? You need to listen to this; there. Are you struggling to listen? Block everything out, if not, sit in a quiet, lock the door, make sure no one can get in. Are you listening? Listen to me. Don’t look away, look at me. Listen to me, hear me breathe, hear my heart, feel my skin; I am human, just like you. The monster? Where does it lie? Is it hungry? Did you forget to feed it? I sense it’s scratching under the layer of your thick scarred skin. You can’t fool people. They know. They know something is wrong with you. How can you get away with those cuts and bruises on your knuckles? No one believes your pathetic stories. They ignore those initials carved on your collarbone – you are nothing when you embed your hate into such a valuable asset. What makes you intriguing to others? You say charm? What a lie. A mask you wear, that stupid smile that wins the hearts of others. Fool. You are selfish. You are the debris that Hell kicks dust over when you’re stupid. Your heart is sewn to your wrist and chest, open, bare, easy for you and others to scratch and draw blood. Those bites of idiocy? Don’t kid yourself; you know who did it. Don’t ask me, ask yourself – work it out; a girl. Of course. Why would you lie? Why would you be so selfish? Pull through, pick yourself up.
I believe those who leave Islam deserve the death penalty:
It is the journey over? Can we declare winners? Certainly not. The announcement last week is like what happened when Delaware became the first “state” to ratify the U.S. Constitution in 1787. The system (of government) was approved; all that remained was the small matter of building a nation. I don’t pretend that mobile commerce will evolve along the same lines as nation–building, the point is that there is significant work lies ahead.
makes a universe for them to describe?
And now the day is come upon you. The time of your awakening is here. Please do not expect a eureka moment, dear ones. Although some may experience that, it is no less an opening for you if you do not.
.... I love Beav it to Leave it. Er.... Leaver to Beav it..... I mean Leave It To Beaver. It rocks my socks. Who needs any other TV?
of earth's inhospitable barrenness?
I think I said that the short answer was "sort of," and that it was complicated and I should probably blog about it, so here I am.
I found this recipe for banana peanut butter spread on a wonderful blog that I subscribe to called Chocolate Covered Katie . It is a simple recipe made from two healthy ingredients that tastes absolutely fabulous together.
These are terrific with jam or, of course, honey.
Me: Ooh I like that song! Who is it?
Prompts:
Even the critters. Even the critters' eyeballs. Even the treats for the brown-eyed critters.
a talking parrot calls for the the captain
The third method you can use to finish off the neck opening of your t-shirt is by making an actual facing. This method probably works best when making a boatneck style, V-neck or Square neck tee. Tiffany's boatneck shirt below has been faced at the neck opening.
I used this amazing Kenny K image to create my Steampunky vision. WILDLY enough I picked the colors and then found paper to match the colored image. I couldn't believe I found this paper. I nearly fell into shock when I did, and that it worked so well.
Quite often I will lay my head at night and drift to sleep with a lecture, documentary or or audio book playing, in part to maximize my time on Earth, in part because it is the time of day when I am most receptive to knowledge absorption, and partly due to the instant dreams generated.
p52-3 “…the essential thing is that everywhere a conception of the end and the beginning of a temporal period, based on the observation of biocosmic rhythms and forming part of a larger system – the system of periodic purifications (cf. purges, fasting, confession of sins, etc.) and of the periodic regeneration of life This need for a periodic regeneration seems to us of considerable significance in itself. ..a periodic regeneration of time presupposes… – and especially in the historical civilizations – a new Creation, that is, a repetition of the cosmogonic act. And this conception of a periodic creation, i.e., of the cyclical regeneration of time, poses the problem of the abolition of ‘history’…”
The private tastings in both “Raise the Macallan” and “House of Walker” were rather similar with some slight differences. Both provided us with charismatic, entertaining MCs to educate us on the history of their respective brands. Both had their various labels of whisky showcased near the MCs although the ones in “Raise the Macallan” were protected in glass. For “House of Walker,” we were given the opportunity to taste the Black, Red, Gold, and Blue labels. For a new change of pace in whisky tastings, we were also given a bit of bartending lessons. We were allowed to add water and ice to the Black to compare the differences. In “Raise the Macallan,” we only added water. The water open up the smokiness and flavors more, while the ice gives it a refreshing sensation. The Red, a younger label, is often used in cocktails, and so we were given the chance to mix ginger ale or lemongina with our Red. By this time, we would be able to taste the Red Label and ginger ale and Black on the rocks if we didn’t get a chance to earlier. The Gold is a centenary blend that has been matured for at least eighteen years that’s served in a chilled glass. It’s cool and also thick. The Blue label is a rare blend that uses a wine cast and dried fruits. In the end, I preferred the Black, Red, and Blue. For those who want something light for their cocktails, choose the Red. For those who want a moderate spiciness and smokiness, choose the Blue. For others who want something really smoky and flavorful (more than the Macallan 10 and 18 in my opinion), choose the Red or even the Double Red if you can find it. Before we left, we were also given a Johnnie Walker pin as a souvenir, but it didn’t take a souvenir to remind us how eventful our evening at the “House of Walker Experience” was.
After a minute we propped up on our elbows and kissed and looked at each other with surprised, open eyes. It was clear to both of us: We were sleek beasts again, prowling jungle kitty-cats.
From your pleasures fair and fine!
Both entertaining and charity work continued when the Balsans built a summer house in Saint Georges-Motel near Paris. In this little town, Consuelo arranged and built a sanatorium where lived “some eighty young children who were recuperating from operations or in need of
“I know. I know,” my friend said. “Don’t remind me.”
The first snow is enchanting and alluring.
We went to the Preston, England Temple first thing in the morning. What a great way to start another hectic day as we found it to be very soothing and uplifting. This was the first international temple I have been to, it was pretty exciting. After the temple we packed the car and made our way into Wales.
Have a most spectacular day spring is in the air even if here in my valley we keep getting snow pelting every dang weekend.
Thankfully, I have plenty of friends who are willing to rescue me with new ideas when my writer's bog rears its head. I wrote this one for Rebecca Irwin McClure at Home Learning Victoria. Rebecca, thanks for the inspiration!
You must insert the cartridge until the top part “clicks” in to place. After this was done, Voila! The printer recognized the ink and was ready to go!
I ask this of all writers I know who’ve felt some pull or influence from DFWallace. The interesting part about him is that there are so many different possible things to take from him. So I’m curious if you can talk about Wallace at all, and what you’ve taken from him, or what he means to you, or whatever.
When the towers fell I was 17, I am now 27. My generation has pissed away our defining moment. We had 10 years to do something, and we ignored the chance. My grand parents generation saw Kennedy get shot and put a man on the moon. My great grand parents saw Pearl Harbor and freed the world from fascism. 150 years ago our ancestors saw Fort Sumter and bled themselves white to preserve this union. People no older than we are now have literally changed the course of the world. What have we done?
Yesterday I got the bulk of my Christmas shopping done. Jake and Fin are done as done can be, Kirsten is done, Temple & Jeff are sorta done. Know what I'm getting, just a matter of getting next payday. All I really have left is Mums and I've got 1 so far, and ideas about the rest.
Elon’s defense has 19 sacks so far in just five games and held Georgia Southern and Furman to 14 and 12 points, respectively. While Elon’s offense is averaging almost 460 yards total offense per game, Phoenix opponents are only averaging 216 yards per contest. The Elon D has forced eight turnovers so far this season, with six of those being interceptions.
in me to roar and fume and fuss,
*Ato is Gash’s equivalent, but it is more formal, similar to saying Mr. or Sir (pronounced as the ato in atop).
Can you imagine leaving your child with a babysitter that came with great recommendations. They look clean, respectable, and it seems like they can’t wait to take great care of your little one. But, when you get home after your great day out…the house is a disaster. To make things worse your baby is crying in the same highchair you left them in and still
I was a typical teen way back when… living off soda and junk food (especially Dr. Pepper and those big “Old Tyme” brownies in the vending machine just outside the school cafeteria) but because I was so young and active, I never gained any weight at all. Despite that, I still had a rather warped view of myself and more often than not, felt like I was fat.
From “Europe’s Ills Reach the Heart of the Presidential Race,” Richard W. Stevenson, NYT:
The sensible comments following that piece of bog roll journalism are worth reading.
4) Submit something from my dissertation
I’m not the more informed on all details, I’ve read about it like a lot of people but I think those projects are digital censorship, it’s always about the economical defense of the industry.
To assemble - Combine tomato, fennel, cucumber and chives in a bowl, drizzle with oil and vinegar to taste. Lightly season prawns and avocado. Place a 8cm-diameter, 6cm-high ring in the centre of a plate, arrange 1/4 of the avocado in ring, top with 1/8 of the tomato mix, then 1/4 of the prawns, press down gently, then finish with 1/8 of tomato mix. Press down gently and carefully remove ring. Repeat with the rest of the ingredients.
And the world always needs more LOVE!
Eventually she decided to give her the pictures.
Flies from a greasy pole
In a properly functioning and lawfully competitive labor market, each defendant would compete for employees by soliciting or “cold calling” current employees of one or more other defendants, the plaintiffs said.
Quite uncertain as to what I might find in there, I very carefully opened the door.
This series of images are drawn from my most recent work using the ipad to paint with. It’s such an immediate tool to use, like a sketchbook but with full colour at your fingertips. To anyone who is familiar with my work, owls started cropping up as I started to become comfortable using the ipad.
Phreak: Oh, here’s one to pardon. Reported for verbal abuse. Said “GG Noobs” at the end of the game.
Hydrogen peroxide can decompose in the presence of some catalysts. This reaction can be violent. Lead doesn’t do it. Tin does.
Phase One or the Eighth Wave of the Ascension Process was rather like us Starseeds, Lightbearers, Lightworkers, Path Cutters climbing a huge energy mountain while transmuting most everything throughout the difficult trip and creating an easily seen Pathway behind us for all others to follow when they were ready. Now as we transition into Phase Two—enter the Ninth Wave of the Ascension Process—we’ve got to familiarize ourselves with life on the top of this mountain with the NEW Energies increasingly running through our Rewired bodies/brains/hearts constantly. We’ve got to adapt to our new abilities and tools of Creation via simply BEING and holding and anchoring as integrated, Unified, High Heart Conscious beings. I’ve been learning recently that BEING is harder than DOING, which I found rather surprising, but suspect I’ll quickly adapt and be very glad about this important transition! All of us that this stage and phase applies to now will.
"Today, we take another major step toward true nation-to-nation collaboration," said Perrelli. "CTAS is not only a more streamlined grant-making process, it is part of the department's broader strategy of increased engagement with tribal communities across a broad range of areas."
I s'pose it is official then? I'm flaky!
I used a piece from the Kraft Resist pad as the background and stamped the blue rays first, then stencilled the stars on top. I love how the glazed letters and words on the cardstock aren't affected by the ink and show through strongly. I stamped the tire tread from Tim's Road Trip stamp set onto white card with Shabby Shutters Distress Ink and then stamped the words on top in black. I cut it out and mounted it onto black card. The route 66 shield was stamped on white card and cut out, then I applied walnut stain ink to the main panel to create a shadow where the shield was going to go and stuck it in place. I edged the whole panel with walnut stain and matted it onto black card. Finally I fixed the route 66 in place.
he said as he removed her brassiere..."
Braedan has also had that wonderful experience of choosing a spot in the room, even under the desk, to enjoy a carefully chosen book. He has done this quite a lot in his English language arts class this year and it has fostered his love of reading in a way I had only dreamed possible a year ago. He absolutely totally loves reading and allows himself to get fully immersed in a story. He said recently that he finds it hard to go twenty-four hours without his book, even (he noted with some amazement) on the weekend, when reading is not so strictly enforced. He — and we together — have gotten to know the characters in some of these books so that we’ll refer to them in completely unrelated circumstances: “Wow, that reminded me of the way Pa always says….” and “I think if Digory were here, he’d ….”
Not zippy like my favorite American wheats. It has mild bitterness that stays into the aftertaste, but is predominantly close to some wits. Not quite as chemical-tasting, but the yeast is still huge. One of the better European wheats, but nothing compared to a good American one.
The Key Food on 69th St is doing well, but not too many people are using the valet parking garageacross the street. I don't think valet parking ( and the expectation of tipping ) makes sense when you go to buy groceries. Also the fish market that in the garage ( who thought of that idea? ) does not look like it is doing well at all.
GC: Do you have any upcoming film/television projects?
“I have been inside a courtroom, and I’ve watched trials, but I’ve never been summoned to court,” I said.
“Israeli society is a military society: Anyone who is not currently a soldier is a soldier in the reserves. I issued this religious ruling, and all the Islamic clerics have ruled like me, except for a few (referring to the Mufti of Saudi Arabia). Hundreds of Muslim clerics have ruled that these martyrdom operations are one of the most sublime types of Jihad for the sake of Allah. Many have asked me whether it is permitted to carry out operations outside of Palestine, and I always say no. I support what Hamas says, that every martyrdom operation must be within the lands of Palestine…”
Disney's Boardwalk Inn Resort
While discussion of each of these theories is excellent, two sections of the book stood out in particular for me. The first was the careful attempt to define and tease out the implications of value pluralism in Chapter 2, and the second was the overview of judgment aggregation theories in Chapter 6. I’ve used both in some of my own writing and in my classes.
Damn, I guess that’s all I’ve got for right now.
So be cool, be smart, but don’t be a fool
But, back to London. If Bruno taught me how to be still, it was London that taught me how to master it (and Madrid that showed me I can share this with another).
In case you've been wondering where the heck I've been, the answer is: Florence and Amsterdam. I spent several glorious days in Florence, and then on to Amsterdam, which was also tremendous fun, but, thanks to a volcano in Iceland, I was there longer than expected. So I have been playing catch up, at home and work, but now I think I'm back on track.
A more accurate impression can no doubt be gained by reading John Perkin’s famous whistle-blower treatise "Confessions of an Economic Hitman".
Simultaneously with inter-related struggle is to have long-term goals, not simply reforms to be won in the short term, which can easily be (and often are) taken away. The authors of Anti-Systemic Movements argued that post-1968 movements have lacked a clarity that post-1848 movements possessed:
But although there are only approximately around 125,000 buffalo today, the odds against one being born have increased dramatically.Understanding just how important the white buffalo is then, it becomes extremely hideous and despicable that you are now offering the chance to kill these majestic and spiritually significant creatures
Yet democratic movements spread like wildfire throughout the Middle East, youth movements come alive in the U.K., France, Chile and Spain, rebellion takes to the streets in Greece, and Occupy Wall Street wakes up the U.S. Dystopia and global rebellion indeed. This year’s conference theme focuses our attention on the problems and alternatives we face in our struggle for a just and better world.
whose cab he takes. Maybe she could take his mind off Sam. If only she wasn't a tourist - a holiday romance is not what he needs right now. Or maybe it's exactly what he needs. But he's hardly likely to bump into her again in a city of eight million people, is he?
Interestingly he managed to get the scan pics onto his phone, and they make interesting viewing. It would appear that he has a small spot on his neck which would indicate that the last radiotherapy treatment may not have been one hundred percent effective.
I mean, let's leave the bennies of coitus and, you know, that "O" thing out of the equation, okay? Spooning is a sacred and intimate, yet entirely innocent, act. Naturally, somebody—not sayin' who—might wanna take advantage and get a little sum'n-sum'n when the parties involved are skin to skin, but that just shows a lack of self control because spooning is the ultimate No Sex Zone. Obviously.
1 teaspoon kosher salt, plus extra for seasoning chicken
Suddenly the man next to me taps me on the shoulder at which point two things happen.
I've decided that December isn't canceled after all.
It was a modern dress performance...well, 1950s....and was for the most part well produced. As usual, the children's chorus over scampered and over pushed and shoved and, as usual, the director seemed to think that the adult chorus rushing hither and thither was a good idea but as the production went on things calmed down and the singers were superb.
Unless you are gay
To understand this epiphany, you must consider that I’ve spent a lifetime trying to figure out just who I am.
moment when we had to drop off Aeranthes at the train station, but she promised to come back. I promised to put her up for Oregon Flock and Fiber so I have until September to get the house ready.
He said the alleged gunman phoned the police before fleeing in his victim's car. Opperman said that the shooting occurred on Monday afternoon. - Sapa
If you want to try making them yourself, here’s my recipe:
Then I remembered I had not paid him yet because of President's DAy so I need to go with him so we can coordiante my money posting and his eating. ANd my paying of the cable bill. and the rent thereafter. But he is so cute anyway.
Perhaps our image of the modern scientist, as the ultra-rationalistic antithesis to spiritual matters, is mistaken. Certainly, the founding fathers of the scientific revolution exemplify the kind of scientist Ecklund’s study unearths, where the empirical and mystical commingle. Isaac Newton is known to have been a painstakingly intricate Biblical scholar, even if in a highly methodological and precise way, such as his observations on the sacred geometries of the Temple of Solomon. After all, scientists, as presumably intelligent people, may be aware of the complexity of life’s “big questions” and the range of perspective used to tackle them. Or, if presuming scientists to be abnormally intelligent is indigestibly obsequious, scientists are people like anyone else, accepting guidance and meaning handed down through centuries of tradition, however mysterious it may appear.
and asked his doctor how he could tell if his bride is a virgin.
I installed it, but had some difficulties with getting it to work. My PC has 2 soundcards - the onboard Realtek card and an old Soundblaster 16 PCI card.
Theme: Jamie's Great Britain Cookbook Giveaway (UK only)
"Oh, excuse me for a moment while I take care of this itch! I love having my horns for when my back itches! Ahhh!"
And...the oven died or is very sick. It's getting a check up now, so I'm making no-bake items.
Fuck me, fuck me now!
An hour passed with Peter sipping drinks and going over the options in his mind for his next great adventure when the door facing Bourbon Street opened and a beautiful black woman entered. Peter was stunned at the beauty of the unknown woman who while wearing just a business suit carried herself like a queen entering a room full of commoners.
“Can you see why this is a tough decision? So no, I’m not going to make any rash decisions. I owe it to myself to not do that. Because if you’re anything like me, you know that after you end a relationship, it’s easy to second guess all the decisions you’ve ever made. It’s easy to see all the ways you were intolerant of someone else’s flaws. It’s easy to blame yourself for throwing away a perfectly good relationship. What I want to do is explore all the possibilities, try all the ways I can, collect data (hello, I’m an engineer), and understand how I feel. That way I know that in the wee hours of the night when “The Voice” tells me how stupid I was and how much being alone sucks, I can whisper back that I made the right decision and that time heals all wounds.”
Joseph Francis Holland, 32, Glen Rock, N.J.
Firstly, trainees are people, they are human and have human attributes. The people they work with are also humans and where there are lots of personalities, ambitions, emotions and stress, people will occasionally have differences of opinion and disagree with each other. To expect that trainees will go through life as perfect automatons with little in the way of character which will challenge those they work with is, I feel to be exceedingly naive. When I look at the people who I have worked with who are successful, are pushing boundaries, innovating and progressing medical science, I don’t see timid individuals who will simply get on with people for an easy life; I see ambitious, driven individuals who are not afraid of ruffling a few feathers to ensure that they get the resources they need, the access to services, or the time of others. Medical science would not be what it is today without the innovators and positive deviants. As Aristotle said: to avoid criticism, say nothing, do nothing – be nothing.
so what if I Pakai Primark punyer cheap baju? does it make me cheap? does it make me any less attractive?
I'm very fond of cocktailing: the very act of ordering a Daiquiri or a Manhattan in a smart hotel bar makes me feel as if I am, despite all appearances to the contrary, a heady fizz of Jazz Age glamour and Bloomsbury loucheness. Every sip contains the promise of an evening at Jay Gatsby's or an invitation to Mrs Dalloway's Party.
The story then involves a journalist from America, a very old man from Brazil and his family in Turkey who know much more about the monks than anybody outside the citadel, a policeman who tries to investigate the death and the monks themselves.
I finally got the cutest glasses and they are really helping me so much. I am horribly blind and have worn contacts forever, but haven't had glasses in at least 10 years if not longer. In the past few months I have gotten bad blurry vision and my right eye, which is already semi-lazy, was really going out of control. I now have the CUTEST pair of glasses thanks to my awesome vision insurance from work. They are the cutest dark tortoise shell Ray Bans and wouldn't you know I deleted the only pic I have of myself in them. Accidentally. I will post one soon for you all to see. I wore them to work yesterday and was self conscious at first, but I got a lot of compliments, so I think we chose them well!
The stand out and outstanding beers of the evening for me were Long White Cloud and the Canyonero.
This unexpected turn of events could have resulted in a huge meltdown. Geekygirl could have dissolved into a watery tantrum as she watched her brother being carried in my secure arms into the pool, while Geekydaddy and the lovely teacher tried to coax her in unsupported. But she didn't. She took a leap of faith onto the float that the teacher was holding, and let herself be guided out into the water. Wide eyed but listening to instruction, she started kicking herself along.
Whilst it would be wrong to suggest that the SPL would, or indeed could, give the green light to such a plan in advance, the hypothetical question could be raised, and the hypothetical answer provided which would show how difficult a position the SPL would be in, if it tried, having allowed newco to play a game, to stop it starting next season.
Green Peppercorns
"Alright!" Rel's outburst surprised him almost as much as the trembling of the Sherim suggested it did the women. At least they shut up. "Alright, I'll try. But I don't know what I'm looking for."
Peter Schiff, born 1963, is the President & Chief Global Strategist of Euro Pacific Capital and CEO of Euro Pacific Precious Metals, LLC. He began his investment career as a financial consultant with Shearson Lehman Brothers, after having earned a degree in finance and accounting from U.C. Berkeley in 1987. He joined Euro Pacific in 1996 and has served as its President since January 2000.
We stood around with our eyes fixed on the slight bump in the dirt before us. My colleague was wearing a white dish-dash with blotches of mud on it, evidently from the burial process that took place a few minutes ago. We had lost our way from the mosque to the graveyard and were a bit late. The look of utter devastation on my colleague’s face was nevertheless unabated. He was an only son. His father was slightly older than fifty-four years when a brain stroke took his life the night before.
Thank you all for stopping by, and for being such good friends!
Depth.
And I know this, because it would drip into my mouth.
-Winner will be announced on the blog and contacted via email.
Stay tuned, Constant Reader, and help me decipher these Odes to Love from Eras Past...
Numbers matter. And the more of us that fill the ranks, the more power and influence the LP will have. Even if we don't replace the GOP immediately...by our enhanced presence, power and voice, we can influence BOTH parties to act in ways we want.
In two days I’ll be returning to my daily work routine, and that may mean fewer blog posts. In the meantime, I’m contemplating what it means to move forward at this stage of my life.
“Yeah?” Hubby asks.
cream : 1/2 cup
It had been unseasonably warm, hot even, all week, but today, it rained a little and the temperature plummeted, suddenly tank tops and mini skirts disappeared to be replaced by scarves and winter coats, and those tourists caught unawares were left freezing and sneezing. That would include yours most truly, as I coughed my way through the windy, wet day, and decided that for once I should forgo dancing and go to bed early (like before 5 AM!). I did make it back to Neo Tango in the afternoon, and paid in cash the two pairs of lovely shoes they saved for me, plus a pair of sexy "pantalones" with slits ($100 pesos).
I usually try to keep my blog posts centered on topics far from my personal life - partially because I don't like splatting my identity across the internet - but I'll approach the Secret Life of Riley a little more closely today. Just so you know. Also, for the purposes of this post, let's say you have a female main character. It'll just simplify things.
I now have 3 high tests: 38, 39 and 51 (range10-34). Of course, the one I did the day before that 51 was “cancelled” by the lab. It’s unclear why, other than they could not run the test.
"It means... not making our first priority to win souls, or to establish churches, or to have revivals, but seeking only 'to be well pleasing to Him.'"Recently God revealed to me that I've had the wrong focus for a very long time. My focus was on being a good dad, or a loving husband, or a devoted pastor, or a good speaker, or a strong leader. He revealed to me recently that he just wants my undivided focus on him; he has to be my first priority. That's what pleases him. And when my life is focused on him, the rest will follow. I will love my wife and children more; I will serve him with more passion and devotion; I will live a life that reflects the holiness to which I've been called. It's my focus on him - the priority of my life - that truly pleases him.
Any fan of the “Three Stooges” can guess what happened next: the Judge then tried to sit down, but finding no chair to catch him, went crashing to the floor. In his panic, he grabbed for the tablecloth and succeeded in pulling all the food and china onto himself. Embarrassed and angry, the Judge grabbed the carving knife and started chasing the waiter around the room, down the stairs, and all the way down 6th Street.
-- In 1966, there 385,000 American troops in Vietnam, of which over 6,000 would be killed that year alone. A massive protest hit the streets of New York in April 1967 and dozens burned their draft cards in Central Park. A Maxwell House coffee can was famous used to burn the cards. A new client for Don Draper?
not on my "heart list".. naughty cucki..
"Some are weather-wise, some are otherwise."
The Holy Roman Empire
Bottom line: if you have any interest in WWII aircraft – check out the Wings of Freedom tour. Their schedule can be found here.
Additionally, as I was getting started, I made a number of decisions about where the book was going to go. I had been a high school English teacher for about a decade, and, while my main area of expertise was the teaching of writing, specifically creative writing, I whole-heartedly enjoyed reading and teaching the classics: Melville, Shakespeare, Hemingway and the like. I loved how classic authors could take an often simple story and layer it with allegory so that everything represented not only itself, but an entire higher plane of story that was comprised of allusions, themes and symbols.
Once upon a time there was a woman and her boyfriend, and they went to Galway for the weekend and when they were in Galway they went to Eddie Rockets which is a diner and the woman ordered a burger and cheese fries and the man ordered a BLT which is a sandwich with bacon and lettuce and tomato. They waited for a long, long time and when eventually the food came it was the wrong food. The woman was very upset and her boyfriend, though he didn't really care himself, as he was very hungry and just wanted to eat, complained about the food being late and wrong. The waiter, who wasn't just any old waiter but was also the manager, was not happy about this complaint, and this not just waiter but also manager sighed and took the chips that lacked cheese away and grated some cheese on them and bought them back and flung them on the table. And the boyfriend, who was really very hungry by now, got pretty annoyed as chips with cold cheddar grated on them do not trademark Eddie Rockets Cheezy Fries make, and where were they, Basra or somewhere? And then the boyfriend did a terrible thing.
Oh well. I was witness that there was one strange place out in the NC sticks once upon a time. But they never did let on to me the true nature of their business.
on bright yellow paper.
All that must stop. (Plus, I have eaten all the chocolate chips so it’s good timing). Jim is away this week on his annual golf trip to the Flora-Bama, keeping it classy, I’m sure. So, I thought it would be good to revamp my nutrition while he is gone. It is tough to eat my leafy salad when he starts talking about how yummy pizza sounds at that moment (no, Jim doesn’t say yummy; he says something manlier like “Me man. Want pizza.”). Some of you bloggers are already such good eaters and I am scouting your blogs for healthy and yummy recipes. Thanks Laura @ Mommy, Run Fast for your WIAWs (What I Ate Wednesday) and making me see how easy it is to add veggies to your day! I will be channeling you these next few weeks!
Unfortunately, the worst may NOT be over yet. In addition to more tornadoes and violent storms this year and the next, FIRE-EARTH forecasts phenomenally large-scale outbreaks of potentially deadly lightning clusters throughout the United States.
At the beginning of the Edo period Tokugawa Ieyasu started the first set of seven temples from Temple Kanei-Ji in the Ueno area. During the more peaceful time of the seventh Shogun Yoshimune it turned into more of a festivity and tourism and spread over all of Japan.
Clove Goode & Plenty Plank- amber (4 available)
it's official - i do have a raccoon as a roommate! - now do i evict him/her or let him/her stay rent free?! - hummmm - u know deep down inside i wanna leave "it" alone - but i also don't want damage done to my house that will cost me a fortune to fix .. breaks my heart to make the lil guy/gal leave! .. Joe says i build him a lil home so this way he can stay near and i won't feel bad - i'm actually thinking of doing such! - i know i'm a lil cookey when it comes to animals!
“I wouldn’t worry about it Jude you have an amazing career and are about to be elected mayor”
“Taliban draw their support mostly from a tiny minority of Pashtun partly based on ideological grounds,” says Rafi Fazil, an Afghan student and activist. “There is also an element of fear – given the vacuum created by the absence of government in Taliban controlled areas – that plays a key role. Not every Pashtun who sympathises with the Taliban actually subscribes to their violent ideology. Those who do, and are prepared to take part in violence, constitute a tiny minority.”
This is one place our friend recommended and we wanted to go, but we didn’t. I’m kicking myself for not trying hard enough to find this place. It’s a modern cafe and gallery. I looked at their website and it looks just like a place I would love to hang out. This gives me a reason to go back to Ho Chi Minh City!!
The doc replied,
Tuesday, May 8th @ 8:00PM • $12 in advance, $15 at the door • Tickets available now during regular business hours at Salem Cinema on Broadway.
For the male category, I would pick Ash from Julie Kagawa's Iron Fey series and Four from Veronica Roth's Divergent.
The pass-through window to the kitchen. That was much smaller and higher, and the counter didn't jut out into this part of the room at all.
be incredibly popular."
Hudgins set the all-Division I record for career receptions against Furman. He now has 330 catches after pulling in 16 of Riddle’s throws last Saturday. He is two or three games away from breaking Jerry Rice’s FCS record for receiving yardage in a career.
My daughter asked, intelligently as usual, “How does this relate to improvisation?” Meaning that the notes are not “already there” in the same way that they are with an already-composed piece. I’m not sure, and haven’t had a chance to ask, but I suppose it’s like my experience with dance. Trust that the notes will be there when you need them, then show up to meet them, without struggling.
12. MBO Partners
“We are honored to, once again, team up with the most celebrated names in Hollywood to bring the glitz and glamour of awards season to our shoppers,” QVC CEO Claire Watts said in a canned statement. “What makes this broadcast truly exciting is that QVC will not only be unveiling the latest designs from the red carpet but will also be offering expert style and fashion advice from the stars and designers that help define these trends.”
Total Time: 1 Hour 14 Minutes
I follow a FUN creative craft storage blog on my blog reader.
Blanket statements were taking up a lot of class time.
I closed my eyes and pictured myself sitting on the porch of a cabin in the woods. I looked out over the lake as the lightning struck somewhere on the other shore. I sipped my coffee as the thunder rumbled toward me from across the water. As the rain tapped on the tin roof, I pulled the blanket around my shoulders and went back to reading my Bible. I thanked God for the solitude.
Do not forget April 15th Wednesday...Blog Hop!
She did a "so-so" job on her cake...she didn't seem that interested!
Ah, The Outlaws. Is that significant? Well, they are one of the most underrated bands I ever heard, and it's significant to me, including the lyrics.
A 'booky' dragon or perhaps a secret agent,
Guinsoo: 4/20.
- …so that’s why, in 2012 the world won’t come to an end, like tidal waves and beasts rising from the sea and all that shite, no…it’ll be like telepathy and free love and getting high of the heat of the sun, all those good things, dude. All not more than a year away and when it happens….all so beautiful.
Ascanio (1843?); Written in collaboration with Paul Meurice (1820-1905): France — History — Francis I, 1515-1547 — Fiction.
I did very well in that contest, too. As of November 17, 2007, I was ranked number one, but I finished up about sixth or seventh. (I could tell you it was because my mother died and I had to go to California for her funeral and I broke my ankle while there and was off the internet for a week so I couldn’t solicit votes, but the truth is . . . come to think of it, I don’t know what the truth is.)
The first hit of the box goes to the Astros & jaybarkerfan! I know a certain Astros fan that will probably want this card. For the two team Flip cards I've decided that the card will go to the team featured on the front. I feel this is fair since it would be hard to display the inside player in a top loader or 9 pocket page. If anyone disagrees with me please let me know.
and it would be a way for me to get back at him.”
Evelyn has a thing for birds. On cool mornings I open up the back door, close the screen, and she just stands there mesmerized by all of the chirping and hopping about. "Boodee!" she shouts, with a finger outstretched in their direction. And she shouts it over and over again, until I repeat the word back to her in approval.
Most fossils around here are small, the size of your thumbnail or your thumb. This thing's huge.
Failed to stop at stop signs or red lights during chases.
2nd coat applied
DEAR BENEFICIARY :
Also Known As Lucky Girl
Who went to football games with me
The United States
Dinosaur jr. I don’t think so US
*If you are traveling with someone who does not need all the space in their little quart bag, put some of your
Sitting in on a workshop titled Rediscover and Embrace Your Creative, Passionate Self made me realize how lucky I am as an introvert that time alone doing my own thing has always been to some point a part of me. It also made me realize what a great step I made early on with my kids in including them in my passions and not only focusing on theirs. Sitting and listening to Kel Wilson and Tracy Richardson share their journey allowed my mind to reflect on the direction my life is heading and it put everything into perspective. I went to the conference with a million ideas floating through my head as to what I want for my own future and it all made sense to me while sitting in this one hour workshop. Be sure to check out their blog.
because, yes, my darlings, i'm blue. the MITM is back in deepestdarekestafrica. netflix streaming has become my very best friend for comedies. but have no fear, tomorrow, i hit the track and get moving again!
profoundly rooted in the Stones 'Sticky/Exile' era and Mott the Hoople. Their take on "One of the Boys" just rips! Unlike the Heartbreakers, knew how to look for a good sounding result and the presence of Dave Goodman (Sex Pistols) behind the board I believe did justice to their essays. A hidden jewel? Perhaps. For sure a great addition to your record collection, in the shelf you guard the Crybabys and Dogs D' Amour albums!
I didn't audition for the part of Phelps; I didn't have to sell myself to Team Bondi to get the part. On the contrary, I bought L.A. Noire and Team Bondi's obligation was to sell me on Phelps. This was all the more important because Phelps is not a character I naturally wanted to roleplay; I wasn't going to slip into the role instinctively like I might another more charming and sympathetic protagonist. I had to come to terms with Phelps before I could begin properly enjoying L.A. Noire. Team Bondi, however, in a misguided attempt at dramatic restraint, frustrated my efforts to add my contribution to the story and fill the player-shaped hole they had left.
The same road. Without taking an exit.
Di Matteo has simply gone with whatever John Terry wants – with results that have been astoundingly different than the earlier part of the season. The Blues have shown remarkable fortitude and grit in both winning the FA Cup and reaching the Final against Munich. Defeating Barca at home and away was one of the biggest (and most shocking) victories of the season.
I will always love the earlier music from The Beatles.
And things get out of hand
Lauren says, "i've got traditional colors, vintage holly, lots of fun embellies... and the sketch is in there, honestly, lol!!! i think my distinctly *MAXIMALIST* take on amy's gorgeous minimalist sketch shows how flexible these things really are; i absolutely ♥LOVE♥ seeing how very differently each cardmaker interprets the same 'road map'!"
Now that we’ve discussed hate, which can blossom into self-loathing and suicidal ideation we’ll turn to the opposite.
So I did a shocking thing, for stubborn moi: I listened to good advice. (I know, right?!) In recovery circles, they say, "Look for someone who has what you want and ask them how they got there." With the awesome "Raw Mom, Cooked Dad" this week, I had the amazing opportunity to hear from SO MANY wise people how they do health and it was cool to hear such a diversity of opinions, even if it did make me question some things. (It never hurts to have your mind expanded and examine your truths and question the answers.)
1) Get a Pre-lit Tree
Combine the vegetable stock, salt, brown sugar, peppercorns, allspice berries, and candied ginger in a large stockpot over medium-high heat. Stir occasionally to dissolve solids and bring to a boil. Then remove the brine from the heat, cool to room temperature, and refrigerate. The night before you'd like to eat: Combine the brine, water and ice in the 5-gallon bucket. Place the thawed turkey (with innards removed) breast side down in brine. If necessary, weigh down the bird to ensure it is fully immersed, cover, and refrigerate or set in cool area for 8 to 16 hours, turning the bird once half way through brining. Preheat the oven to 500 degrees F. Remove the bird from brine and rinse inside and out with cold water. Discard the brine. Place the bird on rack of roasting pan and pat dry with paper towels. Combine the apple, onion, cinnamon stick, and 1 cup of water in a microwave safe dish and microwave on high for 5 minutes. Add steeped aromatics to the turkey's cavity along with the rosemary and sage. Tuck the wings underneath the bird and coat the skin liberally with canola oil. Roast the turkey on lowest level of the oven at 500 degrees F for 30 minutes. Insert a probe thermometer into thickest part of the breast and reduce the oven temperature to 350 degrees F. Set the thermometer alarm (if available) to 161 degrees F. A 14 to 16 pound bird should require a total of 2 to 2 1/2 hours of roasting. Let the turkey rest, loosely covered with foil or a large mixing bowl for 15 minutes before carving.
So, at the last minute yesterday, I changed the Wednesday/Thursday show and its venue (don’t ask about the venue change – private grief).
The foul stench of bloody pus fills my nostrils, it’s raining from the sky, a dragon rides a hive queen to the ground. Incinerating its flesh and its gruesome cargo like a piece of cheese over an open flame, I wince as it crashes into the ground, crushing soldiers and bugs with no discretion or purpose.
You have gone from baby babbling to something different. It's still nonsense words and sounds, for the most part, but now your sentences have weight and meaning. "Da da ga BA da?" you'll ask. "Ga! Ga ma dog ri me!" Your phrases end in a lilt, or with a definitive sound. And yes, that is "dog" in there. You follow Riley around all day saying "Dog! Dog! Dog!" I suppose mama and dada don't hold nearly the allure that the big shiny black thing does; that thing who, frankly, is sick of you and hoping you'll go back to wherever you came from already. I believe you also say "dada" but your dad isn't quite ready to call that one yet. When you're in the right mood, you'll repeat sounds endlessly. At Carol's house for Aunt Jenna's shower, you chased the cat around saying, "Kee! Kee!" I told you "I love you" and you parroted back, "I oo!" Samar taught you to say "vroom, vroom!"as you push your toy cars around (though you say "rooo, rooo!"). You've also mimicked "blue," "pepper," "Riley," and "ovaraptor." Yes, really.
And here is what you will receive in the mail from NuNatural's coming soon. I think I have all the winner's emails so expect an email from me tonight and then your job will be to get back with me to get your mailing address for NuNatural's to mail you the prize!
I still didn't really understand the problem and it seemed time to give myself some book learnin' on the subject. Reading a timely article here and there was obviously not enough to explain what's going on.
Oh, wait... I misread something. It wasn't about "people sleeping with people" it was about "children sleeping with parents." So my husband doesn't need to try to get me out of our bed, thank goodness.
"Hey you dumb cunt just wanted to let you know I've been thinking about you."
TOMORROW! COME! BUY! CUPCAKES!
Nobody knows what will happen in China itself when growth stops and unemployment soars, but the Communist regime is clearly frightened of the answer. Maybe it can ride the crisis out until growth resumes at a slower pace in a few years, but with its communist ideals long abandoned, its only remaining claim on people’s loyalty has been its ability to deliver constantly rising prosperity.
As a mixed media artist I love all those collaged backgrounds that you see for sale over at etsy! Well, with this software you can make your own so all of your art is truly "Your Art"...fab?! But one of the best parts, for me anyway, is that My Memories uses normal image file extensions, .jpg, .png unlike a lot of other programs out there that have their own special extensions. What this means is that in addition to all the fabulous kits My Memories has in their store (almost 4000 and growing!) you can upload those digi kits and papers you have purchased along the way as well as those you will purchase in the future!
I was up again early this morning, running for the third time this week.
Hew was, however, a poor man.
Oh ho ho. Good one, universe. You got me again.
Here a just a few wonderful things it does:
“I’ll make rice as well as mashed potatoes so you guys can choose,” I told him.
1)We do not understand and therefore correctly value our inheritance/eternity
5And out of the throne proceeded lightnings and thunderings and voices: and there were seven lamps of fire burning before the throne, which are the seven Spirits of God.
And then it was gone. I continued to walk home.
We suppose at some stage, when it suits someone in a more powerful position, these hypocrites will be thrown to the lions.
02/17/2012 BUY 0.01 usdcad 0.99509 02/22/2012 1.00073 +5.55
He laughed it off and told me not to worry about that, which had me totally freakin' out because maybe he DIDN'T want to marry me. Whoops.
At the Cotton Club, Ellington’s group performed all the music for the revues, which mixed comedy, dance numbers, vaudeville, burlesque, music, and illegal alcohol. The musical numbers were composed by Jimmy McHugh and the lyrics by Dorothy Fields (later Harold Arlen and Ted Koehler), with some Ellington originals mixed in. Weekly radio broadcasts from the club gave Ellington national exposure. In 1929 Ellington appeared in his first movie, a nineteen-minute all-African-American RKO short, Black and Tan, in which he played the hero “Duke”. In the same year, The Cotton Club Orchestra appeared on stage for several months in Florenz Ziegfeld‘s Show Girl, along with vaudeville stars Jimmy Durante,Eddie Foy, Jr., Al Jolson, Ruby Keeler, and with music and lyrics by George Gershwin and Gus Kahn. That feverish period also included numerous recordings, under the pseudonyms “Whoopee Makers”, “The Jungle Band”, “Harlem Footwarmers”, and the “Ten Black Berries”. In 1930 Ellington and his Orchestra connected with a whole different audience in a concert with Maurice Chevalier and they also performed at the Roseland Ballroom, “America’s foremost ballroom”. Noted composer Percy Grainger was also an early admirer and supporter.
Kitty Street's-New Fashion Hello Kitty Face Necklace retails for $19.95, and is eligible for free shipping at www.KittyStreet.com. The hello kitty pendant is approximately 3.5cm x 3.0cm. The chain is the same length as Kitty Street's Hello Kitty Key Necklace, It is 15 cm long and indeed it is adjustable. The color that I'm reviewing is in silver and pink. However, this design comes in different colors. It is available in silver and red, silver and pink, and last but not least they have it in silver and black. The 3rd one caught my attention, I feel like the silver with the black bow has a sophisticated feel to it, which I totally love!
I love how Helen takes amazing photos. That becomes the focus for the month. And then her layouts are so layered and yummy. She's only used one sticker per layout. It's the Monthly Memory stickers from SRM, all 12 months of the year. She has woven the words and the graphics from these stickers into each month's layout. Beautiful!
And maybe even me...
Q. Are you saying that humanitarianism is a form of colonialism?
I will be returning next week from Atlanta with new treasures…as always my loyal readers will get the first peek!
“The gap in public financing was simply too great for 3Arts to bear,” said West. “As a mission-driven organization, 3Arts always has been committed to remaining open to all options. And, as board members, we had to be open to making whatever decisions, however difficult, to ensure the long-term viability of our organization.”
Even the present Tory Chancellor has spoken out against such fiscal sleight of hand and attempted, be it in an apparently ham-fisted way, to counter it. He could be being disingenuous, of course, but even if his disquiet if genuine and his policy works, the few extra millions to the treasury, though welcome, again changes nothing fundamentally.
p.s. my christmas cards just barely arrived!
This is the reissue of an original LP titled Tenor, issued in 1977, with the addition of track 5, previously unreleased.This is still regarded as one of the best saxphone solo album in avand-garde jazz.
Craigslist is acting like a pimp. They provide the customers and the clients and no one within the company is held to a higher standard. This needs to change. What other social networking site is known for having a Killer attached to it?
1 heaped cup tomatoes (2 medium size, 225g), chopped
Dylan 01:46 minutes Haeun 01:57 minutes
Alter 5 Stick/Hat Pins For Your Partner.
We can't guarantee beautiful weather next year; it might be colder. We hit 60 degrees one day! I saved it:
That question is answered many ways in Tesseracts Thirteen: Chilling Tales from the Great White North, an anthology of short works of Canadian horror writing, edited by Nancy Kilpatrick and David Morrell.
This is a rare instance where the actors are extremely well chosen but, even so, the story just doesn’t translate well to the big screen.
The answer is that I have had some of the best liberals on my show. They just don’t tend to do well when challenged by thoughtful conservatives.
Yup, more inter-racial love might be the answer…
624 D-II/21/1972. “The Literature and Politics of Greece–Through the Eyes of Nikos Kazantzakis.” Chicago Council on Foreign Relations, Chicago, Illinois.
Chinesea fella that he a wasa ina charge of supplies, but he
This is my creation for you. I hope you like it and can appreciate these songs for what they are. Some speak to me and some can put me into a trance that blocks out anything that had been riding on my mind for a short while. They make me happy and full. I love music for that.
A mi me llaman el loco
Visually the movie has the normal Guy Ritchie stamp, and it really does culminate in a wonderful chase through a forest. After that things slow down a little, but I think it does lead to a finale between Sherlock and Moriarty which is satisfying. A few complaints were levelled at the Holmes vision in the last movie, while it returns in this movie, it is toned down and it still offers an interesting look into the mind of Homes.
Listen- I think your going to like it. The content is going to rock, I think it will be really helpful to you. I am also putting together a killer affiliate program tied with the program. That means YOU will be able to not only get the insights you have been looking for, but ALSO earn a ton of money off of MY book!
With the potential for change in the air in Alberta for the first time in decades, I think more people will take the time to get out on April 23. I know I will be going out to vote tomorrow, even though I honestly still don’t know who to vote for as the clock winds down on this election drama.
Rahim had handled a lot of them – his presence was the most important factor in my deciding to stay there. And we learned about “rehabilitation”… about what to expect when we re-enter society. The sharing of experiences was very important – he had been clean since around 1994, and had rebuilt his life bit by bit. It wasn’t smooth sailing all the way since, for he had to face various problems. But the most important thing is that, no matter how bad the situation appeared, “we never have to use drugs again”.
So much to give but …still alone and you can only cry
“And you were a good little elf and didn’t give it to him.” Maggie downshifted as she turned a corner. Her silence was telling. “Please tell me you at least checked him out!”
4. My son is a jet-setting professional poker player – True – He’s abroad as I type this, flying hither and yon to play in tournaments and make more money than his old man. If you sit at a Texas Hold Em table with him, don’t come crying to me later looking for cab fare and your retirement savings back.
Mondays through Thursdays, 3 -8 p.m.
People used to think so. As recently as 2008, Republicans touted Senator John McCain’s long military record, followed by many productive years in Congress, as evidence that he grasped the elements of government from several directions and knew how to get things done. Now watch as the murdochian meme of hating all government, all the time, reaches its fruition with Mitt Romney’s
Unlike the United States, the UK has a far better water supply situation with the various water supply companies extensively filtering our drinking water and obviously monitoring for any contaminants that may be of concern. But is this enough?
For the macaron shells, I added a bit of bright pink coloring to match the rhubarb, and piped them out as usual onto my silpat-lined baking sheets. Since my Hello Kitty macarons were such a big hit last time, I decided to turn a few of these into Hello Kitty once more!
And in the frosty morning sun
Derek Clark was clearly so ashamed of himself he ran away, not even having the common courtesy to thank those who had attended for him and was too dishonourable to even pay the expenses of those he had lied to and about or the witnesses he had caused to come - the man is a social worm and without honour, integrity or ethics.
My face is always the same even though I loose pounds. My sister says this is an advantage. What are your opinions about it ladies?
Now on with this week's twisted challenge.
If you are feeling extra fancy and deserve a special treat than try a stuffed crust – just stretch the dough a little more than extra and put cheese sticks (I like using the Sargento Pepper Jack ones for a bit of a kick) at the edge and fold dough over them. You can put the whole stick or you can cut it up into pieces and spread the goods – either way you and your guests will enjoy the extra cheese surprise.
Lisa had convinced me. I would only solve this by getting in Coil’s good graces, talking to him as someone he could respect and listen to.
beautiful empowers women to be strong, confident, and
As mentioned in one of my previous posts, one revelation I have had- since becoming a grown up- was that there never is enough hours in the day. I remember vividly, when I was a kid, my primary school teacher saying this. I remember thinking smugly, “you’re so wrong! There are far too many hours in the day, and I waste the majority of them in this class room singing ridiculous songs about fluffy cauliflowers and chanting times tables. All I really wanted to do was listen to the radio and do cross stitch and water color paintings……
So, anyways, we can all agree that the ads are already ridiculous enough. But a few weeks back, I saw a closed down gas station that had recently been converted in to a ‘cash for gold’ temple, with a rather large sign obnoxiously advertising what they are all about. In case you were wondering, they give cash for gold. Right underneath this sign, a poor sap standing in one hundred plus degree heat was holding a big arrow that read ‘CASH 4 GOLD’ and was pointing it to the store directly next to him. To top it off, he was wearing a Mr. T sized gold medallion.
Well it was buttered pecan ice cream and sometimes Fritos until I gave up that junk. Now it’s green grapes, salad and anything healthy. But I do miss my Fritos sometimes. LOL!
First did Gunnlaug fell there
I just don't know. Some of the issues that caused me concern are still going to be there. Yet I have a chance to make sure the residents get the care they deserve.
I've learnt a lot about blogging and people in general since I begun an active social media profile, some good and some bad. The best thing I have picked up though are a lot of fellow blogging friends, some beauty bloggers and other bloggers, blogging about whatever takes their fancy or their everyday lives. I won't go into it too much, but I really enjoy blogging and writing and I'm glad to have picked up some amazing followers in the year I have been blogging. Thank you very much for your follow and your support on my blog.
“It is pleasure that lurks in the practice of every one of your virtues. Man performs actions because they are good for him, and when they are good for other people as well they are thought virtuous: if he finds pleasure in helping others he is benevolent; if he finds pleasure in working for society he is public-spirited; but it is for your private pleasure that you give twopence to a beggar as much as it is for my private pleasure that I drink another whiskey and soda. I, less of a humbug than you, neither applaud myself for my pleasure nor demand your admiration.”
Run Like Hell 7" Split w/ The Snips (Paper & Plastick) (2009)
For the frosting: In a mixing bowl fitted with a whisk attachment, beat the cream and vanilla until fully whipped. Remove from the bowl. In the same bowl fitted with a paddle attachment, beat the cream cheese and confectioners' sugar until blended and smooth. Scrape down the sides and add the whipping cream. Mix until just blended. Fold in chopped walnuts.
You cannot tar everyone with the same brush! In every culture you have good people and not so good, to the downright bad. . I’m convinced that you do have less savoury characters in their society… then…so do we!
In celebration of music and in support of our community, Mignon will donate a percentage of sales of all High Note designs to The Roots of Music. The Roots of Music is dedicated to supporting, promoting, teaching and protecting at-risk youth through music education, academic support and mentorship, while preserving and promoting the New Orleans musical heritage. The Roots of Music is New Orleans’ only tuition free, city-wide marching band and has been selected to march in the 124th Tournament of Roses Parade on January 1st, 2013.
Below are some of my doctor's tips, as well as a couple of my own, for keeping my girlish figure by avoiding short-term weight gain through fluid retention.
starting to give me a little bit of a problem.
No. 4 Memphis Grizzlies vs. No. 5 LA Clippers
One department, the one you see and tutor and train, works their Monday through Friday job and performs pretty much to the standards you set. They do their jobs, make their customers happy, make the occasional mistake along the way – after all, they’re only human.
Once captivated, the dingy underground venue is transformed into a full on party as the tempo picks up with simple yet catchy tracks ‘Saved’ and ‘Mayday’. If his unquestionable talent wasn’t enough, Tinashe is also infectiously charismatic, laughing, joking and sharing drinks with a besotted audience. By the time final song ‘A-Liar ‘is performed in all it’s chanting brilliance we’re fully fledged fans.
To make it through another day, another way
What’s wrong with this picture ?
Sunday - Steaks on the grill and Thai Pineapple Rice: I bought a big can of pineapple a few weeks ago and SP asked me to make this rice with it. I'm hoping the rain holds off long enough for us to grill the steaks.
We'll tease the bull
Rafa calls this bird ‘loco’ cause it has built a mangy nest and just sits there all day. There doesn’t appear to be any eggs in the nest or mates to get them started. I think we will just have to wait and see what happens.
It would seem that the Empire’s “responsibility to protect” (R2P) is most selectively applied, either in North Africa, the Middle East, or within the domestic United States. Cui bono?
My kids are freak’en awesome. Here are a few quick stories from our six-year-old Jackson that made us proud this week…
2 lbs. fresh (or frozen) perch
Voice ripped from a throat, left with no sound.
Besides, I was having the worst case of headache that night, I haven’t been sleeping well, and my low-grade fever was on the verge of becoming a full-blown one. For crying out loud, I was bouncing from being under the scorching heat of the sun to being drenched in the heavy rain all day long. Then add the stressful running of errands as the cherry on top. C’mon dude, give me some slack! /End of defensive rant. Hihi. :*
The group announced on Wednesday that it would hold a nationwide “sit in” after they deemed Putrajaya’s election reform pledges a failure. The Parliamentary Select Committee (PSC) had issued its report on the matter on Tuesday.
i'll be wearing a black eye patch for the next few days... arrrrgh.. in the spirit of all the female pirates who roamed these streets of the sovereign state of chatham before me...but i'll not be holding the black spot!
He also denied that any military operation was going on in the province. Mari said India was funneling arms and money to terrorists in Dera Murad Jamali, Sibbi, Kohlu and Makran through Afghanistan.
Algeria (Algiers' May 1 Square)
I talked to a circle of my closest friends, the women who now refer to themselves as "the Book Club Aunties." More surprises. But again, "Well you know we will be here if you decide to do it."
Things to consider:
Well, we have reached that age ... the age where you can't really sneak anything by them. It is the end of an era ... a good era. But, I'm sure the beginning of a new one that is just as good!
We are often told that what we are experiencing at any given time is 'common' and not unusual.
08-22 Amsterdam, Netherlands - Olympic Stadium
We served:
6. Where was your first kiss?
I am reminded of the equally brutal murder of equally blonde television Anchor Anne Pressley in Arkansas in October 2008. Ms. Pressley was attacked by an intruder in her own home, raped and then battered to death so brutally that she also was left unrecognisable. Anne Pressley's body was found by her own mother the next morning when she arrived to check on her daughter who had failed to answer an alarm call.
....I think that any kid who asks such hard-hitting questions should be hit vewy, vewy hard! We don't find that vewy funny here in Mr. Bush's Neighborhood either. Oh, the child has more to say: P.S. My momma says you are a dumb ass! If Jenna can send a wetter, so can I. - Barbara
Perhaps, in the interests of education, this restriction could even be put on a statutory basis.
Are Homeowners at Risk if Watch Captain at Fault in Martin Shooting?
After making these sheets, I began to see how useful and easy a recipe binder would be! No more recipe cards? I could handle that. Binders just might organize everything much better! So I just may be putting these sheets to good use myself, one of these days. :)
“You’re a grown man and these are boys. You feel degraded to be afraid of them but you are afraid.”
Belinda
I like this gate. I tried to get a look at the property behind the iron bars, but from what I could see, it looked abandoned. I'll go back again and try and get another look from another vantage point...when/if it ever stops raining. Rain, rain go away. All future walks are indefinitely postponed until Provence dries out. Our youngest daughter officially turns 12 this week and we promised to take her and her friends to the beach. Quelle idée. It looks like we may be going bowling, instead.
Carpet Cleaners Plus Biodegradable Carpet Shampoo – The Best Carpet Cleaning Solution
Kyla Bidgood - I'd have to say the 1950's book of house plans by BC Door are my favourite. We found them at a store called Step Back in Vancouver while we were looking for old blueprints for an art installation, and fell in love! We framed each of the blue and yellow covers and wall-papered a large panel in our washroom with the pages.
Around the fairy thorn on the steep.
Barrit, the town's stout Guide, stood bent at the waist, his hands on his knees, panting. Probably he'd been heading into the old city when the bell rang. Pevan fought down a twinge of worry. With Rel and Dora away, and Dagdan busy with guard duty, the trio were all she had to work with.
Call Allure Quest Travel Experience at 615-818-8241 or email alan@allurequest.com to book this cruise.
To assemble: smear some sauce on a tortilla, then top with shrimp, shredded lettuce, tomatoes and cheese. Drizzle with extra sauce and a few drops of hot sauce.
Began as a focal week in 1977, Asian Pacific American Heritage Month became a month-long celebration in 1980. May was chosen as the focal month because it commemorates the immigration of the first Japanese immigrants to the United States in 1843. This focal celebration provides an opportunity to recognize and celebrate the contributions of Asian and Pacific Islander American women in schools, communities, and workplaces throughout the country.
I have been a bit remiss in acknowledging the kind bloggers who have presented my blog with some very special awards, so I am using today’s post to catch up.
These lovely earrings were a Christmas present from my Mum and I love them! Bit of a walking advertisement for Primark today but I thought the colour of the stone went well with the dress.
My hubby would probably just say I need to stay away from the shops for a while.
Bendcrete will liaise with the skaters throughout the build which starts on 8th May. It is expected to take approximately 6 weeks to build. The official opening will be at T in the Park on Sunday 1st July – so get the date in your diary.
Change your expectations. If you believe that your sexual experiences are going to suffer due to aging, then you are likely to live up (or down) to those expectations. However, the truth is that there is no reason to suppose that your sexual enjoyment has to end just because you are aging. Certainly, things will slow down a little and you might have to put in a little more effort, but that doesn’t mean that you can’t continue to enjoy your sexuality and connect with your partner in a physical way.
I look at you and our eyes lock
I find offal fascinating. Cultures all around the world have transformed internal organs and entrails into mouthwatering deliciousness. Let's not forget that pate is pan-fried liver blended with butter and cream. And if cream doesn't make something more enticing, then deep-frying certainly will! What's a little intestine between friends when its been plunged into a bubbling cauldron of oil and fried until crisp?
those Gertrude Stein referred to as The Lost Generation.
Hello everyone, hope your week is going well. Any of the mothers out there have anything fun planned for Mother's Day?
So who knows about this?
In addition to constant amazing technical ability you'll have the occasional intermission, sometimes greatly composed, but in the end it all leads back into perfectly timed percussion playing off heavy riffs with fingers of gold.
No time to stop, no time to pause.
and an odd little rock formation at the center of the stage, the most striking “prop” is
She is a wood dragon. Fiery, unpredictable. Magic.
As Nakurtum drones on an odd thing happens: her voice slowly fades and Ahikibani becomes dizzy, and... a bit numb. The endless pain of a perpetually hard life suddenly vanishes and Ahikibani experiences, perhaps for the first time - unadulterated joy. The first happy man in history slurps more of the now tasty gruel from the bowl and lets out a burp that resonates down through history.
Author Override is the place where authors take the reins and take you on a journey into their world. Some may allow you into their private writing dens. Others may take you along with them on research trips or interviews. Whatever the case may be, sit back, relax and enjoy the ride because here you’ll get an in-depth look into an author’s musings.
WILD BLACK BASS – 36.00
Say what you want about this goofy-ass holiday, but it’s sure good for one thing: indulging my sweet tooth. Bring on the chocolate eggs! Granted, I’m not sure I’m clear on whether they came from chocolate chickens or something (but holy shit would Legionnaire Sanders ever make a killing from THAT), or how the rabbits come into the picture. All I know is for a week or so we’ve got candy coming out of the woodwork.
Shoes are an area where I think I should be able to let the boys have their freedom to express themselves and their own unique styles. I figure it’s a safe way to let them define that style, so that when they become teenagers, they haven’t been so constrained by me, that they express themselves with blue hair and pierced noses. We are buying sneakers. As long as they are comfortable, you can decide what makes you feel cool. It’s hard to go wrong with shoes, right?
Combine eggs with vanilla and milk. Whip together.
I had a plan for a wonderful post today. I headed down to the Georgia Farmer's Market (this is one of those huge events with hundreds of farmers from across the state coming to sell to all of the restaurants and grocery stores in the Atlanta area) with the plan to purchase and photograph all the lovely strawberries.
russett or red potatoes
I think when you have entertainment in the form of COPS, addicted, Jerry Springer, Locked up, CSI, and repo man …..love has few friends in this world.
For those of you who weren't able to make it to Creative Estates... I'll be more than happy to brief you guys on the events!
-Oil (we used olive and safflower)
Next time I'll post pictures of them awake so you can enjoy their sweet little personalities in still form. I never stop being amazed at how much I love these two.
I've had some interesting experiences the past couple years.
“Blood rain” arises when red dust mixes with the falling rain. It is a terrible and rare omen.
I knew if I was going to die quick or something I wouldn't be able to make it across the border to Texas in time and there was NO way I was going to a Mexican hospital. If they saved me I'd end up with brain damage, one eye and a penis. Not that a penis would be bad, then I could fufill my life long dream of writing my name in the snow with pee, but, um.....got off track.
But I digress, frustration is a major part of my life even if i wish it wasn’t. While my coworkers and I place high importance on out jobs, who doesn’t know a days, the state hasn’t seemed to prioritized it yet. Last I heard, Texas was 50th of all the states in the mental health field. Makes ya feel great right? Translate that to funding and, well you get the point, we’re the low man on the totem pole of funds it seems. Therefore the caseworkers that are hired, we have to work our butts off to meet with all our clients enough each month to provide sufficient care. FYI that’s a good amount of people! Again, don’t get me wrong, I didn’t expect entering this field to have a cake walk but the demands placed upon us are pretty high for the area I serve. Flip side, I feel ecstatic that our boss trusts us and believes that we can pull off some crazy numbers! But understand, each day isn’t solely about providing services to clients. Oh no ahaha. In that same time span, we need to travel to meet the client’s in the community (I have an office but rarely use it), update paperwork for all our clients, enter progress notes about each meeting/session, and just the meetings themselves. All this detracts me from the time I WANT to meet my clients! Heck each day, I catch myself thinking about some of my clients, wondering how he/she is doing, did he/she try my suggested skills, were there any arguments at home, or heck did he/she stay out of jail…
4) Assassination of Key Britons
George Athas’s “Another Ancient Seal from Jerusalem (c.700 BC)” (with a discussion, comments and links) at http://withmeagrepowers.wordpress.com/2012/01/02/another-ancient-seal-from-jerusalem-c-700-bc/
its the police mon
People have also asked how the dynamics are between the children in the house are, ten months in to having three kids. They are fantastic!
"Why poppa? Why are they scared of us, we don't hurt people, and we wouldn't hurt them". I tell her they just wanted to come and get Mike, and it's ok because now they are gone. She says," I know why they came and took Mr. Anderson, Poppa, because they know he didn't do anything wrong, and they don't want him to tell other people". HA! Out of the mouths of babes. She is right, one agent could have come and actually served the warrant, and produced the same outcome. That must not be enough fun for them. I talked to my older sons...were they afraid? Yes. One said," Dad, there were guys running all over with guns, how could we not be?" I told them it's ok. I was too.
The study, by the department of psychology at Northwestern University in Illinois, suggests that the individualism seen in western nations, and the higher levels of collectivism and family loyalty found in Asian cultures, are caused by differences in the prevalence of particular genes.
Anne: ’80s-’90s- When we started out in the ’80s it was kind of the heyday of college rock and we were pretty tuned into that stuff, though I don't remember being crazy into any one thing. The Minutemen were a big inspiration, and older stuff like Velvet Underground, but we were also exploring stuff like Art Ensemble of Chicago, Sun Ra, Cecil Taylor. We moved away from song and form for a while and connected with some free improv players from the Boulder/Denver area. That was when we started playing with Lords of Howling, a move back into song and deeper into language, and met Peter, our drummer, who we have been playing with since then.
I have decided that my most important memories of my mother are two particular wonderful hugs, expressing, perceiving and sharing love both ways. And. She worked so hard, all the time, and wanted the best for me the best way she knew how. And. Born fifty years later, she would have absolutely and completely got all this Personal Growth, and flown with it.
Once people are sufficiently confused about what is actually written in scripture, politics comes into play. The UMC is going to have a "General Conference." Petitions can be brought there much in the same way that "resolutions" are brought to the Episcopal "General Conventions."
It’s easier to find one drop
So, Trojans and people excited for Emily Maynard coverage, if you have a few bucks, help Miner make this album happen. It will be the soundtrack to your summer, I have no doubt. This man metabolizes bourbon with the best of them and bucks the trend of people in Silverlake not loving football. This guy loves Trojan football as much as he loves music. Back a fellow bearfighter. Especially one with the ability to grow a fro like the one displayed in some of the pictures in this post. Pure follicle fire.
SCC: Talking of those human men—did you ever meet Thomas the Rhymer or Tam Linn? Why is music so important to the Sithe? And what would be the one modern song you absolutely have to have on your i-Pod?
Everyone within 20 feet of us has heard this and is now staring at us.
I asked him why they didn’t deliver before, since the parcel is in this warehouse from last 5 days. He plainly said that the man who was suppose to deliver is on leave because of high fever. Sc**w you Aramex, this is not the first time they have messed up with my deliveries.
One of the most exciting things that has happened to me during the writing of these books is that I found out that five ‘little ships’ left Hayling for Dunkirk in May 1940. The Dunkirk rescue is an important feature in the book.
Eyes: B41, B45
When discussing “Leadership” from a management perspective, it is often defined as the ability to motivate a group of people towards a common goal. Once again USATF management has shown that it is sorely lacking in this skill set. The latest drama emanating from the head office is the “’Coaches Registry” that has been dropped in the laps of America’s coaches.
Now for our plot in space: In a galaxy far far away, water is the most valuable substance of all and this makes it the prime target of ne'er-do-wells who will do anything to get it. Like... say... pirates. A raid to acquire the precious H2O requires space pirate captain Jason (Robert Urich), co-conspirator Roscoe (Michael D. Roberts) and the rest of their crew to kidnap the Princess Karina (Mary Crosby), but they are captured and taken to be sold into slavery. Just prior to the pirates' castration for sale as eunuchs (yikes! They SAID they were sorry!), Karina intervenes to save them. She wants them to help her search for her father who has vanished while searching for a mythical water-filled seventh planet. Along the way, they must battle robots, space herpes and each other. Oh, and did I mention the time warp?
It is 14 feet deep with steep sides and it's a little on the murky side.
Green
The chosen subject for Nicola's first post in the third series is designs. She writes:
I'm not fine with the fact that the programming manager at the local station doesn't realize that more than five Christmas songs exist. Yes, I, too, love me some Trans-Siberian Carol of the Bells. I don't love it seven times an hour. I don't love Dan Fogelberg's Same Auld Lang Syne at all. Well, maybe once, but that's only to remind me how much I don't like it.
Does God promise you a spouse? Yes, as the bride of Jesus Christ. Does God promise you an earthly spouse? No, because finding a husband is a process, in which two people decide to sacrifice themselves for each other’s benefit. So, don’t let the goal of earthly marriage control your life. Otherwise, you will become miserable, because you cannot control the future or free will of other people.
I met my first husband at my next job. We married right after I turned 19. We got a really nice apartment and I found a job at Sears selling linoleum flooring. Uh, yeah, that was a problem for me because I can't do math, plus, I didn't know the first thing about flooring. I worked there for two months and didn't make a sale at all. I was bored and found another exciting job as an instructor in a health club. I also took in ironing for extra money. I probably would have gotten a paper route too if I had thought of it.
Hooray for Mornings and things that make them good. Hooray for beaming smiles that make my day. Hooray for stop’s and go’s. Hooray for colors and quick hellos. Hooray for surprises that walk my way. Hooray for friends I’ll make, oh hey…hey! Hooray for treats that makes me smile, like magic stripes that fill the sky. Hooray for days that make me say; oh hooray for today!
– Steve Wheeler, Associate – Moore Stephens
Please feel free to post your individual prayers for these women who will remain anonymous for now, so that they can see the love you have for them, their unborn children and the power of prayer. Thank you!
Tonight my homework is to make a work of art or collage with the same title of Three Uneasy Pieces. I will try to do this and post it here. I need to list 28 possible art work titles. Not that I have to worry about doing them, but I should try to list the names....
After the game, I took the kids to a nearby festival for a couple hours. The kids went on a couple rides and I listened to the band with my friend Doreen for a little bit. When we left, I ordered a couple funnel cakes, brought them home, and used them to bribe the kids to shower and get ready for bed. I even Twittered about this. I believe I said something like, "Mmmm funnel cakes! I could live on funnel cakes!"
He fumbles around and I feel one of my wrists free of the rope. I surreptitiously bring it underneath my chest, out of his reach.
1 tin organic butter beans, drained and rinsed
The 24-year-old Messi has also set a Champions League season record with 14 goals, including a record five against Bayer Leverkusen in March.
Haircut, oh haircut. How I dread thee. Every few months it comes time for the dreaded haircut. It makes me envy the days of visiting the orthodontist. My hatred of the haircut comes from an amalgam of things. My inability/dislike of small talk. My ineptitude of communicating the description of the haircut I want. And the inevitable reveal, almost always displeasing. I loathe getting my haircut, so much so, in college I bought clippers and shaved my head, for three year I successfully evaded any barbershop, salon or stylist. Like most things, I grew bored with my crew cut and started venturing back out to the hair professionals. Even so, I never attend the same barber or stylist more than twice. It’s a kin to a loveless marriage, I start to despise the person’s contact. Making me a barbershop nomad, moving from place to place, chair to chair.
Permaculture is any system of sustainable agriculture that renews natural resources and enriches local ecosystems or the design, installation and maintenance of indefinitely sustainable human communities set in balanced ecologies, both urban and rural.
The mad man ate the marshmallows
Though sometimes were rough, quite often a "bummer,"
I believe man made climate change is a very real problem; on top of this I know that masses of people have no access to electricity. The cost of turbines is prohibitive, and prevents people from using them, even where there are excellent wind resources. Instead the most common source of light is the paraffin lamp, but these result in many deaths and injuries from fire, and ingestion of paraffin. Paraffin is also very costly, especially in remote regions far from refineries, and this cost is yet another burden.
Didn’t you mean them?’
can you still hear the sound
Day 13:( written the day AFTER...sorry) i love your grace.
I'm a sucker for stories about escapes to the country, renovating old houses, gardens and cooking, so it's right up my alley. recommend it to everyone, incredibly warm and uplifting :)
Feeling chatty? Get your chat on about the sketch challenge in this forum. CLICKING HERE. Have questions? Have comments? Have suggestions? We’d love to chat about it. Drop by and say hello!
More cooking from the weekend! After learning that John sometimes buys muffins for breakfast in the office, I decided we needed to make our own. It’s been years since I’ve made muffins of any kind. Last time I tried making blueberry muffins, it was disastrous. I blame our awful oven in Berkeley. That thing never heated up to the right temperatures, and as a result, a lot of baked treats were ruined.
3 feel
Their actions contrast with their supposed commitment to equality and social rights as set out in their many policy statements.
Side 1
You would think that when if you wanted a healthy option when dining out the salad section would be the best place to go, but ordering a salad is no guarantee that you’ll be getting something sensible. Too often they are loaded with full-fat cheeses, candied nuts, and tortilla strips or croutons, and that’s all before the dressing gets lovingly tossed in. If you take a look at the calorie counts of the big chain restaurants you’ll see what I mean. Applebee’s, who does a pretty good job as far as chains are concerned with low-cal options, has some pretty dangerous salads out there.
Year Two:
Sigh, one day I will get another one, maybe even the hybrid version (my inner hippie just cheered) (I am already planning and saving). Until then I will continue to drive my matrix and put all the miles onto this car that I have no feelings for. And I will work on paying it off so that I have more flexibility in my future car options.
Eeeee, doggie! I guess the picture above gives you some idea of what Chris McDaniel’s act is all about! He’s a World Champion Trick Roper, bullwhip expert, and does some gun-twirling on the side. He’s also quick to point out he’s also an actor. That’s how he started out, though if you look at his resume, it’s heavy in revivals of shows like Annie Get Your Gun and The Will Rogers Follies, and the “skills” section is just a crazy long list of ridin’, ropin’, shootin’, and so forth. But I’ve seen him perform many a time, and I’m here to tell you that’s not all the cowboy can do. The finish of the act is always a very charming song “Give a Man Enough Rope”, which he sings while jumping in and out of his twirling lasso. Take it from me, it’s a wow finish.
The novel begins with the unsettling news of a murder by a suspected serial killer. Nicknamed the “Rottweiler” by the press, the murderer has killed three women, each time stealing some trinket from them. Rendell presents a closed-world of characters, all associated with a Victorian house converted into an antique shop/boarding house. The possibility of a serial killer lurking somewhere in the vicinity keeps these characters on high alert. Rendell is master of the hidden menace lurking amidst the ordinary and the everyday.
Ruthie was from a long Pictish line of holy women; healers who honored Nature with words, rituals, practice of her craft and teaching those who were so inclined as to work with Nature and Spirit. Not knowing the traditions of the British Isles I would respond to her claims of lineage by asking her to clarify. Up to that time I had only heard of the Druids. I would ask her, “Are Picts Druids?” She would explain to me that the Picts came over to the British Islands long ago. They were a people that were short in stature with darker skin and long thin noses. The Picts commanded the forces of nature and were the basis of the Leprechaun legends spoken of in Ireland. “No, Cesaro”, she would say. She always called me by my last name and always pronounced it in the colloquial Sicilian. “The Druids were priests and worshiped Nature in an offhanded manner as compared to the Picts. The Picts were the true masters of magic. They work with the nature of the islands. Their ways were very old and came from a long time ago before the ice age and the thaw. Their small stature never stopped them from accomplishing what ever task they, individual or societal, needed to get done. If they did not have the strength to build or modify, they would simply use their skills to take care of the need.”
and tore down the street,
In the meantime, we meet Jocelyn's husband, Roger, one of those predator drone pilots. He gets to send planes into hostile territory, take the enemy out, fly home, without ever leaving his computer. When Roger hears about the attack on his wife, he hurries over to the hospital. But when he tries to console her, she’s stand-offish, distant. We realize that even a near-death experience can’t repair the issues these two have going on. Roger clearly wants to be closer to his wife. But she’s put up a wall.
This is the solution; stick them somewhere and let them live and be happy. Now how many threads have I read this on; let them be, don’t fret over treatment and cause. Give them your attention and let them do as they may and then stick them in the worst place possible when they grow up and live a life of what? Of nothing, of doing freely and just existing – barely – instead of actually living; it’s crap, plain and simple.
Right now we're treating Sweet Pea for a very bad ear infection (the pediatrician said that it was so bad her eardrum might break but I don't think it did - but her hearing is still not back to normal) AND she's got a whole bunch of stuff in her lungs. The pediatrician said it sounded "bronchitis-like." She is still coughing up stuff a couple times per day but she only missed school last Friday. I think we've still got 5 days' worth of antibiotics to give her.
Yesterday we had a big summer party at work. We had a nice buffet dinner complete with "vegetar" options, and then we watched a very funny short film last year that some of the engineers put together for the company 25th anniversary last year. After that we had a band made up of some current and former Nordic employees play for a while. The band was actually quite good, the singer was the wife of one of the engineers and she could belt it out.
Paul seems to also be using the text from Leviticus 6:18, that “Whatever touches them shall be holy,” to form this analogy of first fruits. We can see it in his various texts when he refers to the first fruits.
Though I'm not always the most organized person, there is one space in my house that I have worked hard to organize. It involves sparkle, shine, and bling. It's my jewelry collection! I wanted to share this project with you to say thanks for all your fun inspiration and for any people out there who need help storing and organizing their jewelry. I am a firm believer that if you can SEE your stuff, you will USE your stuff. I have found that to be amazingly true with this project! All of the materials in this "storage system" were bought secondhand and super cheap, an added bonus for me.
As for me, there's nothing new to report. Work has been on the slow side, 1-2 sessions per week, which is ideal at the moment. I'm feeling great and hoping to get started on an exercise regimen like, er, yesterday, lol. I look forward to my next OB appointment on June 6th to discuss, and hopefully get the green light for, conceiving again. In the meantime, I am focused on gearing up for summer and putting lots of fun stuff for me and the girls to get into. Yay for warm weather!
Like the below room.
The question Auster does not answer is why these Jewish interest groups will, through reason, reject their position of white (especially Anglo) loathing? Despite the fact that 45,000 overwhelmingly Anglo Canucks died fighting the Nazis, Jews view Anglos as little better than Nazi facilitators.
He's hosting supporters at his home next month to help build support for this campaign and elect President Obama in November. And he's saving seats for two grassroots supporters like you and their guests. It's just not a chance most people get -- well, ever.
Which is why I'm taking that I-can-do-anything feeling and applying it elsewhere.
2 handfuls of blackberries
Balmain Town Hall, 370 Darling St
During the tick check, Gracie did help. I had her in the bath tub to make it easier, and we made sure that her freckles weren’t ticks. The girl who hates freckles. I think she was hoping her freckles were ticks so that they would come off. She kept trying to convince me that each freckle was a tick and needed to be scraped off. Yeah… one freckle has a soon-to-be scab next to it now.
“Well, tell me when you’ve finished then, as I have a English essay due,” she huffs half-heartedly. With Milly at her heels and an episode of ‘Take Me Out’ waiting on the telly, she’s not exactly devastated.
For around $38, you get 40 pads, so that equals out to roughly $1 a pad! I use this twice a week (though you can get away with once a week if your skin doesn’t have any dry patches or problem areas!), so that’s about $4-$8 a month! Totally worth the price, especially when you take into consideration how expensive facials are these days!
Dull the shades of dark sunset,
1 facilitating
I cannot wait to see what happens next. Knowing it is a part of a series meant that I knew, well, whatever ending Smith gave would not be a "final" ending. With that in mind, the ending of this first book is very satisfying. With a cliffhanger. And I want the sequel, which is out this year, NOW. And I won't tell you the title of the next one. But I'm almost giddy wanting to read it.
The BIG DAY will soon be here and I wanted to quickly share my last couple of christmas cards before it arrives!
I must add, though, that no matter what is used, cleanliness and sanitation are the two most important things that any homebrewer should master. Learn it. Love it. Live it. Clean it, then clean it again. Read directions, and mix properly. There's nothing worse, than bacteria in your brews. That is, unless you want them there.
were drinking everything in sight,
Tomorrow's post will be about my workout routines and
This, then, in commentary, is what the Disciples’ Prayer is about. It is a prayer, that, when said from the heart, with full understanding of the commitment you are making, reiterates your desire to pray as Jesus prayed, and commit yourself to the “Obedience of Love” as Jesus committed Himself. In doing so, your focus in life, from here on, will be to seek the Father’s will in all that you do. In so doing you will comply with other of Jesus’ exhortations, namely, to “seek first the Kingdom of God and His Righteousness…” (Matt. 6:33) and to embody in ourselves Jesus’ own statement of dedication, “… Very truly, I tell you, the Son can do nothing on his own, but only what he sees the Father doing; for whatever the Father does, the Son does likewise” (John 5:19).
I love C.S. Lewis.
In 1936 the cause was Spain. A few Papal oddballs saluted Franco from the safety of their armchairs as the Condor Legion thundered over their tonsured, straw-filled heads. But the Republic was joined on the battlefields of Málaga and Madrid by Oxbridge's finest poets, Wales's hardest miners and England's better Blair.
Seau was a big part of football in the 1990′s. And for any kid that grew up in the 1990′s, it’s always weird hearing about a fixture of that time passing. It’s even more sad considering the fact it looks as if it was a suicide. To make this tragedy more puzzling and sad, he was voted the Chargers’ Most Inspirational Player in 1997 and again in 2002.
What kind of conversation are you hoping to facilitate?
Doors at 7:00pm/$14.00/18+
Combine sugars and milk in heavy saucepan. Bring to boil over medium heat, stirring constantly.
Hats off to
Yehuda was rummaging through a box of toys in the corner of the room when he suddenly paused and called out, “Harmonica! Kochava’s harmonica!”
This pot came to our complex last fall. A lady who had moved in with the woman above me, brought this as far as the parking lot and left it. Another new resident asked the manager if she could have it. Not knowing or caring whose it was he gave it to her. It had a nice palm like plant in it. That tenant let it die and left out of here abandoning most of her stuff when Duane was in the hospital.
to spot the first star
tried something different....embossed foil and before I removed the cardstock underneath...I colored one half with Copic Black and then using a paper towel dampened with the 0 blender, wiped the foil...IRL it looks pretty good...
A quickie post today! Was just taught an amazing little trick by a friend of mine so thought I would share it with you too if you are like me and didn’t know this sooner!
We have two homes, one in Sydney and one in Auckland...we wait. We obtained Australian citizenship along the way with intentions of retiring in Sydney. Funny thing about that word 'retire'...it seems to be elusive. I remember when it was 40, than 50, than 55 and now 60. We have regular conversations, Mr. H. and I, about the future, but they seem to end with those three little words 'wait and see'.
Most of the critics who’ve trashed Wolfgang Petersen’s mislabeled remake have been fairly (or unfairly) dismissive of the original, an unfortunate lapse, because in every area where Poseidon fails, The Poseidon Adventure succeeds. There is no better way to talk about the poverty of contemporary Hollywood filmmaking – or of America in culture in general – then to look at how low this ship has sunk in the intervening thirty-four years.
The rules for accepting this award are as follows, (These are the Versatile Blogger rules. Hey, I am busy chasing three boys! Nominate me another time and I will answer the Sunshine Award questions.)
Sheep racing, which is thought to have originated in New Zealand, sees 16 sheep, in four heats of four, racing round a 100m track before a grand final between the winners.
Please sign the Change.org petition to help encourage the Village Voice to discontinue its adult section that promotes prostitution of children and adults.
“An alien I have become to My brethren, and a stranger to the sons of My mother” (ver. 8). To the sons of the Synagogue He became a stranger… Why so? Why did they not acknowledge? Why did they call Him an alien? Why did they dare to say, we know not whence He is? “Because the zeal of Thine House hath eaten Me up:” that is, because I have persecuted in them their own iniquities, because I have not patiently borne those whom I have rebuked, because I have sought Thy glory in Thy House, because I have scourged them that in the Temple dealt unseemly: in which place also there is quoted, “the zeal of Thine House hath eaten Me up.” Hence an alien, hence a Stranger; hence, we know not whence He is. They would have acknowledged whence I am, if they had acknowledged that which Thou hast commanded. For if I had found them keeping Thy commandments, the zeal of Thine House would not have eaten Me up. “And the reproaches of men reproaching Thee haven fallen upon Me.” Of this testimony Paul the Apostle hath also made use (there hath been read but now the very lesson), and saith, “Whatsoever things aforetime have been written, have been written that we might be instructed.” … Why “Thee”? Is the Father reproached, and not Christ Himself? Why have “the reproaches of men reproaching Thee fallen upon Me”? Because, “he that hath known Me, hath known the Father also:” because no one hath reviled Christ without reviling God: because no one honoureth the Father, except he that honoureth the Son also.
LA based DJ Tré Tuna is stepping up his mobile marketing game. He asked Kalvin to design a QR code that would incorporate music into the code. Check out the codes below and let us know which one you like more
What about you? Have you had to think outside the box, or room, for meeting storage and organizational needs? Do you have a hard working room that's a little on the small side, or lacking in functional storage? How did you tackle it?
It is these contradictory states of muteness or glottal penury and strange beauty that Kim is, against all odds, able to conjure. In a way Kim‘s work is similar to Susan Howe’s tracts of settlement, wilderness and violence. However there is much difference; there is no ghost-of-a-story, or if there once was, it has since been erased. Kim’s language breaks on the point of articulation, falling away:
+Evolve: Cultural mores are evolving, and people are embracing new ways that challenge the traditional institutions
If you are reorganizing your pantry shelves because it's hard to find the right place for everything, Shelbi has a great solution for your canned goods, even when you are out of something, it still has a place. And when your cansolidator is loaded...it's functional! The First in first out system eliminates, cans getting pushed to the back and getting forgotten.
Christy caught me in the final lap and ran me in. I've never been so happy to see her in my life. We crossed together and hugged and I lost it. I was so happy to be there with her and to finish the race when I really wasn't sure that I could. Really, ask her about how I was nearly in tears about it the night before. HOT MESS.
I have to empty my mind
As London wallowed in its glory as the capital of the world, it was ill-prepared to handle the massive increase in population. Inept to handle the needs of such a large city, it was plagued with poverty, and laws were passed that attempted to weed it down. Children and women were hanged for petty theft, same as a man for murder. And if that was not enough, over three quarters of the children born in London died before the age of five. So much for the civilization of the capital of the civilized world.
image from transitionvoice.com
I currently nanny for a 9 month old boy, C, and have been with him since he was 5 months. I am a live-out nanny and MB is an ER doctor and DB works from home/travels often. Here is a typical day for us (times may vary by 20-30mins or so, but he is on a fairly consistent schedule!)
Seed Collection
In the hips from left to right (what it is)
First, if you've got an iPhone, there is -- forgive me -- an app for that. And a pretty damned good one, based on the limited testing I've been able to do since downloading it last night (it was down for a bit, but is back up now, and solid). You can tell it to find you the nearest event to your current location, or the next event to take place (and you can filter by type of event!), or a list of events by neighborhood/area, or by day (a LONG list for each day!). You can also search by venue (12 Steps Down, for instance, is doing a number of events: I didn't know that!) in alpha order or grouped by neighborhood, or by brewery (very nice if you're following Frank Boon or the Trogner Brothers around). There's a Philly Beer Week Twitter feed on the front page, you can select a list of favorite events that you want to get to that will be saved for you on the front page, there's even a Stanley Cup playoff calendar. What else could you ask for! Well...I'd like to be able to filter for pay-as-you-go events; they're the best for loose scheduled drop-in stuff, although there are so many of them that might not be such an advantage. And...it would have been nice to have a map that tracked the path of the Hammer of Glory on Friday, with times and events picked out. Next year.
‘A magnificent novel that flawlessly brings together history and intrigue’ Juan Gómez-Jurado, author of The Moses Expedition
Now I get to pass the award on to a few other bloggers!
Yearly Count: 42 (worth 3 books, though)
2. Habits and Discipline
Dragon fruit juice, sieved, ½ cup
If you have read my other posts you will know about my visits from the benefits office....twice in one year!!
Not only is the right savings product important, but also the accessibility of that product. Often poor women that live in rural areas need to travel extremely far distances on a regular basis, many times by foot, to access traditional savings at banks. Not only is this inconvenient and exhausting, but involves time away from their business and thus a loss of potential earnings, which they often cannot afford.
As we read what David did from the time he escaped from Saul, we see plenty in it that is not clearly admissible as part and parcel of the Lord’s battles. David, afraid for his life, feigned insanity before Abimelech of the Philistines. He and his men raided enemies of Israel and misled Achish the Philistine as to who they were raiding.
One year at school I just wore a tiara and a B on my chest and went as The Queen B
We can expect the non-Muslim PKR MPs to abandon the party should its leadership embark on such a back-stabbbing move, can’t we?
Database Management Coordinator
Spinning
The meaning of life eluded Coyote.
So, to simplify my train of thought, over the courses of our lives we have experiences. Some experiences we label as “good” and some as “bad”.
But this is a question that i ask myself again and again as i prepare my mind and heart for the 40 Day prayer vigil that is set to begin in 2 months.
As promised here are the free printable vintage style wedding
Diagnosed with cancer in July 2011 we are thankful that we had the opportunity to spend time together with him.
Publisher: Henry Holt & Co
Both lean into simple melodies, but adapt them freely with jazz elaborations. Both like the occasional freakout, aided by Rudy Royston, whose drumming ranges from pattering grooves to a whiplash ferocity which would make you lean back if the seats in Cheltenham’s impressive new Big Top allowed it (they don’t).
Whatever the case may be, Whitney Houston still has some awesome music, so whip out your whistles and whips and get wowed by some Whitney Houston classics.
Hiding behind closed doors.
The experiences she recounts resemble K.’s trip to the castle, as told by Franz Kafka, only without the pleasantness and humanity.
The shepherds were ordinary men God allowed to experience an extraordinary visitation that night. James S. Stewart asks, “And is there not a world of meaning in the fact that it was very ordinary people, busy about ordinary tasks, whose eyes first saw the coming of the Lord?” Then he answers,
After about 1 minute and 20 seconds of this, Paul seemingly remembers "Hey! I'm in a rock and roll band!" and begins to add totally incongruous vocal flourishes. The background vocals coo "As I write this letter", Paul yells "Oh!" (Although this could be John's voice....it's hard to tell.) "Oh!"????? Gee, letter writing isn't usually considered so sensual an experience. The cooing continues "Send my love to you" to which Paul answers with a guttural "You know I want you to remember!" which sounds phoned in from another song all together. But after these moments the song resumes its lackluster character to its "You! You! You! - You! You! You! I Love You!" finish.
there was a strange woman in their bed, pale, dressed in Victorian blue
Meanwhile, thanks for bearing with me…for keeping faith in me. I’m still here! And until we’re able to really hang out again, I always love a quick email, a text message, even a postcard. And of course, prayers. Lots of them. Count on mine for you.
go under
Finally your light box is ready! Place your items in your light box, switch on your lamps, arrange your camera (remember to switch off your flash) and take some photographs!
But in a kid-friendly effort to make sense of all of the nutritional gobbledygook, there’s now also LunchLine: a game of wits and cottage cheese. A computer game designed to help kids make good decisions about what they need to eat, it’s a fun race against the clock to meet nutritional requirements and have a balanced meal.
Such a government will carry out socialist policies and serve notice on movements like the French National Front that their end is nigh.
Spring soccer started a couple weeks ago.
God.
She then heard a faint hissing sound coming from beyond the bathroom door…
7. Silicone Headbands: Comfy, cute, and so easy to reposition throughout the day. Plus I got a pack of 4 for $5.00, unheard of.
Roger Waters tells the audience that the next song is about Syd Barrett (and he pronounces the last last name barr-ETT). For the first performance of the core of Wish You Where Here, it shows how much they rehearsed during the interim in live performance. The transitions between the two “Shine On” with “Have A Cigar” are seamless.
As a kid, my grandpa and my nana (Millie) owned an A&W Drive-In and I spent the majority of my after-school hours and summers there. During the lull between lunch and dinner rushes she and one of her employees, Norma, would sit and craft (with my help, of course). There was a constant project…firecracker decorations for Independence Day, spooks and haunted houses for Halloween, beautiful beaded ornaments for her 12 Christmas trees, and each year she would make a different shabby Santa for her 3 daughters. My nana loves home décor and even at 81 years old she STILL decorates for every holiday. This is where I caught the fever.
The father and son were 15 miles into the wilderness, and they had no cell phone reception. It was a long, six-hour ride out for the injured man and his father. Fortunately, Ron, Jr. was kept only one night in the hospital and was released the next day. The father and son plan to go after that big bull elk again one day, but I’ll bet they’ll never forget when the father intervened on behalf of his son. (http://www.rd.com/family/father-kills-bear-to-save-son/)
And I bet she still tried to make some beauty out of it. She made her own clothes, she did her hair on special occasions, she cared for her children and she danced with her husband. And if they were lucky, they even got some happiness out of it.
Medium sized Shrimp; only if fresh
“I am the Dark One, someone who strikes fear into the hearts of any who even hear of my name. Mal’haran is my name, n-not Algaisia!” he yelled, raising his voice. The enigmatic Voice knew his weakness, and he was showing it, willingly or not. Fury seethed within him, yet at the same time, there was a fear interlaced with it, which only made him angrier.
i’m a writer but i believe the best things are impossible to write down. they can only be experienced. how do you describe a mushroom trip? how do you describe a relationship that runs so deep that the only way to explain it to yourself is to shake your head and say something under your breath about a previous life? you don’t, you just have a secret handshake with everyone you know who has gone through it too. for me that’s the best and the worst part. it connects you deeply with those people who get it, but it alienates you from the rest.
Growing in the garden now, left to right: Dwarf Siberan kale direct seeded last fall (and mostly flowering now), one gorgeous lone dinosaur (lacinato) kale plant direct seeded last fall (and on tonight's dinner menu), and several varieties of Swiss chard (I was using up a bunch of old seed packets) direct seeded in late March. (Swiss chard is wonderful stuff and easy to grow from seed. The white on the kale leaves is food grade diatomaceous earth; you read about the many ways we use this amazing stuff here.)
with light coloured hair. Some families got nicknamed after
Sometimes it gets to "What are you doing living in Mexico?"
While I wish this feeling could last forever, I know it's just too good, and that I'm not going to be able to hold off my climax. I whisper in your ear that you're going to make me cum, and you give me a moan of excitement, and tell me to shoot into your ass. Those nasty words push me over the edge, and I grip you tightly, thrust deep, roar like a bull, and shoot a huge load deep into your ass.
Well, I offered to pray for my Mom. She's having a rough time, and I said, well, there's not a lot I can do except listen and pray. She said thank you and she appreciates me praying, but ONLY if I pray to Jesus Christ our Lord and Savior. Really??? The fact that I care enough to offer to petition a deity is not enough...it must be done according to her dictates?! It really hurt me. Prayer is not my thing. It doesn't come naturally to me, and it's just not my thing. So, on the very rare instance that I decide to do so, to be told HOW to do it or not to do it at all...well, it sucked. I honored her wish, though. I tried praying and using a name for a deity/prophet/whatever to whom I feel no connection. I felt dirty afterwards. So, I haven't prayed for her. Fine.
So true, her work just sizzles with the warm glow of sunshine.
I asked the floor staff if I could take photos and they were very open about it. Phloey looks like a place for grown-ups, but they are welcoming to kids. We have only been there with kids. The dishes are reasonably priced. The service is fast and friendly. It would be a good place for a romantic date as well. If you are looking for a Thai restaurant in Jakarta, no need to look further (unless you live really far from Senayan area).
A Progressive Conservative.com
heat to medium, add half of the basil and parmesan and simmer about 10 minutes.
Not even a letter came saying “Good job, support our college in the future. Here’s some information about alumni associations.” It’s like they said. “Here you go.” and then they just booted me out. Not even a simple handshake and goodbye.
To Apply
Reality returned, slowly. Once more he was aware of where he was … and of his situation. Colonic cancer, diagnosed too late, was killing him. He was in hospital. He knew he would not leave alive. He felt curiously detached from it all. Doped, he supposed. There was no pain now. He could feel Patricia’s hand, still holding his. Once more we hold hands in a hospital, as we did twenty seven years ago, the evening you arrived in the world. He would have liked to tell her this, but speech was too much effort. Have I kept my promise, have I loved you, lived for you? He realised that he had. She was a grown woman now, standing on her own feet, living her life for herself. Certainly she will mourn me, he thought, she will miss me, but she no longer needs me.
The cute new guy in the desk next to mine kept waving at me. Normally that wouldn’t be a problem, but during one of Mr. Bhatia’s math tests it was a total don’t.
Other than that though, the movie wasn’t all that bad. It followed the book pretty faithfully. Although, I’m starting to notice that this may not always be a good thing. Yes, it’s true, I said it. When making a movie based on a book, I’m starting to believe that following the book 100% may not always be the best idea. At least, not when you don’t have the time and budget to do it right. When you try to cram things in there just because “it was in the book” that takes away from the success of the movie. I think Firestarter could have been better had they focused a little less on fitting everything in, and a little more on just developing the story into something that would play out well on screen. That right there is the main issue, the page versus the screen. Stephen King is great at writing things for the page. His stories always seem to flow well and are always full of detail. But when he is writing them, it is for the purpose of creating something that someone will read and let their imaginations run with. When writing something for the screen, you have to take into account the fact that you will be supplying a lot of the details that a reader would normally supply themselves. Not only that, you also have to express something visually that might not have been “visual” in the book. For example: in the book, whenever Andy would use his powers, which he called “Pushing”, it was simply described that he would be talking and then he would “push”. However, how to you portray this “push” in a movie? The viewer is not going to be able to know what Andy is doing in his head… Firestarter decided to tackle this by having Andy put his hands to his temples and act like he was concentrating and “focusing” at the person extra hard. The problem with this is that, for people watching the movie, it appears that part of Andy’s power requires him to hold his hands to his head, as he does this every time he tries to “push” someone. In fact, in one scene, some of the guards even pull his hands away from his head and put them behind his back to stop him. While, in the book, I never got the indication that Andy had to do anything other than “think” while he was “pushing”.
100 ml milk
United started the game positively but fell on to the back foot as the hosts established control of possession before Kompany headed home the crucial goal in first half added time.
* Able to work under pressure
9. Scott McFarland, Regen Projects: Most critics remain underwhelmed with McFarland’s photography. Afterall, there is a long, perhaps now tired lineage of manipulated photography, especially during a year of Gursky and Wall retrospectives. However, I was taken with this show and McFarland’s altering of natural surroundings, ruins, urban parks and gardens was subtle enough to be very interesting to the eye, calling you to carefully search each photo for the changes.
“Wendy, you know I can’t stand Menudo.” She said gently.
Please feel free to contact me if you ever have questions about any of my projects. I am happy to answer them.
He glanced around. His friend was no where to be seen. He looked at us again, confusion flooding his eyes. He muttered something - and took off – dashing towards the freeway.
Personally I am really enjoying what we are doing as a crew here in Melbourne and what's developing into an open and honest team culture. After being away on camp and then coming to Melbourne we have worked well to keep challenging ourselves and what we have said we are about. There is still such a long way to go in one sense but from experience i know the time will fly and we have to anticipate, challenge and embrace the experience and each other.
He was also a contributor for a time to 20/20, with Barbara Walters, which I only rarely watched. I once thought a segment Stossel did (during the mid 1990s?) on I don’t recall what topic (maybe environmentalists) was very good. As soon as it was over, Barbara Walters condemned it, right to his face at the long counter they shared. I’d never seen such unprofessional behavior on air. And she gave no specific criticisms for her condemnation. Barbara Wah-Wah was so powerful on the show and at the network, that Stossel had to sit and take it.
I commented that it was a wonderful picture of Santorini and to help out the country's dire economic situation, the Greek government should consider selling Santorini to a Russian billionaire! With hindsight I guess I was walking the wire.
So unless you are very clear about the distinction between ego and Authentic Self, you can assume that you are intuiting all kinds of things and ascribe to them tremendous significance, when actually they are just the voice of the individual and collective ego. Unless we get over our ego-driven narcissism, the whole notion of intuition can become very tangled up with our already over-exaggerated sense of self-importance and with all the excessive significance we tend to give to our feelings and our personal story. If we’re not awake to this, we can easily end up deluding ourselves and misleading others with our so-called spiritual intuitions.
There is also another version of the story. In this version, you enter the bathroom with the lights off. You should say the phrase "Blue Baby" over and over for thirteen goes whilst pretending to rock a baby. After you finish chanting, a baby will appear and scratch you. You should drop it and run out of the bathroom as quick as you can otherwise a woman will appear and scream "GIVE ME BACK MY BABY". If you are still holding her baby then she will kill you.
