... why are you penalising me and every other of the 639,000 people served by the Aneurin Health Board because an otherwise excellent clinical organisation has a problem with its administration.
I piped the frosting onto the cupcakes with a 1M tip. I browned the frosting with my handy dandy kitchen torch. I am so happy that we have found another use for that thing. We have had it for 7 years and have maybe used it twice. Be careful doing this though - it does get hot! Then we put a piece of graham cracker and hershey bar on each cupake and done!
Happy St. Patrick's Day! I don't believe there is any Irish predominantly in my background, but I always enjoy making at least one or two cards for this day.
Place one sheet of dough on the bottom of the pan, and brush butter on it. Repeat 8 times or so, brushing butter on each sheet of dough:
This set is so versatile! You have so many options with this stamp set! There are some sentiments with a cute onesie and baby booties, and my favorite - the clothesline :) I can just hear the little bird nestled in the tree, happily tweeting away :)
Our next task shall be to dive into the history, and, following Emmanuel Todd, the family structure of these peoples in order to search for clues as to the durability of their special traits. Will such differences, as Francis Fukuyama predicted, be swept away by the inevitable tide of history? Or are their roots even deeper than the most skeptical of observers could imagine? To be continued...
Maureen Johnston's The Name of the Star (this was particularly frightening and riveting, I loved it, still have to review it)
I just wanna quickly say Happy Mothers Day to all the mummies, regardless of where you are in the world… you are fantastic. Every mother is a super woman, whether you have one kid, 10 kids or an angel that we didn’t get to keep for long enough … all babies are blessings and the fact that you put that blessing on earth makes you a wonder woman in my eyes!
So, for a quick breakdown of the project:
These are amazing numbers. But as Laura Hazard Owen of PaidContent notes, questions about KDP Select remain--such as, how much money did the average participating author make? Today's guest blog post from author Heather Wardell provides some insight into that question.
The following ideas are sweet! A highly savory (salty, spicy or oniony) guacamole is not recommended. But a mild guacamole will work just fine. Simply puree the guacamole and use it in place of mashed avocado in the following recipes:
A great success in Stratford is the way national retail chains had to conform to the existing building. This is exemplary: it is an example of how our towns and cities can be conserved.
Regardless of the analysis, Indonesia’s corporate bonds may still have a hard time in competing with the famous government bonds. Higher risks attached to corporate bonds keep investors from taking immediate action on sales announcement, while the issuers themselves are keeping an eye on the interest rate before taking steps in bond sales strategy.
The word that resounds through Brecht's text like a knell is "nothingness". Baal is the eye of the storm, the passive genius who absorbs the vacuum around him, and - in parallel with his hideous description of childbirth as the agonised expulsion of something that was received with pleasure - ejects it as a monstrous nullity. The poetry he creates, lyrical celebrations of disgust, is almost a by-product of this process; it neither redeems nor excuses him, and in fact he asks neither of it. This is where his innocence exists, and is why even towards the end, despite his vile behaviour, his friend Eckhardt calls him a child: his one virtue, if he can be said to have any, is that his actions, however selfish, lack the pettiness of self-interest.
I predict that if Microsoft continues to neglect desktop gaming in favor of pushing its Xbox systems, they will be surprised to find that their desktop OS share dropping...
When I did the huge rewrite on Commences, a number of plot changes inevitably occurred that affected the next three novels in the quintet. Since I’m now working on the second of these novels, I thought I’d better check my old notes to see what – if anything – needs to be changed in Transference. So far, I can’t find anything. A character from the fourth novel, who appears in a different, unrecognisable form in Commences, also appears briefly in Transference so changes regarding this character need to be found. Failing so far. Can’t find my damn notes for the fourth novel!
“I suppose it’s like life,” she said, speaking more naturally by now. “For some people it’s a simple ride, a game that they play in, but for others-”
Total = $11.30
However, unlike in many other countries with high preterm rates, most American women have access to state-of-the-art hospital equipment and sophisticated intensive care that is capable of saving the majority of premature babies, even the tiniest ones.
Why would that matter? Because more than half of the respondents to that same Harris Poll said their decision about choosing a physician would take into account whether or not a doctor uses e-communications.
Even worse, these two bogus forms of energy exist on the basis of a complete lie; that they reduce carbon dioxide emissions and thus will save the planet from global warming. Only there never was a threat of global warming and the planet has been in a natural cooling cycle for a decade!
and he's licking his lips over his
(EDITED TO ADD:I did PFTs on Monday, April 9 at my clinic and then came home to compare to my home meter - the FEV1's were 0.03 apart. So although I didn't have the opportunity to take a look at my FEV1 on the same machine a few weeks ago because I didn't have a clinic appointment, I do believe my home machine correlates pretty closely to my clinic machine.)
The boys were loving every second of summer vacation. The kids had already made a habit of sleeping in. They lazed in their beds until late morning when the warm sunshine and sparkle of the wading pool finally lured them out somewhere around 11:00 am. As was our habit on these new found days of endless nothingness to do, we ate breakfast (which may as well have been lunch) at the patio table, and then proceeded to enjoy just being outside. I sat with a cup of coffee as they milled around, played with cars and chalk, and tested their willpower to stay away from the pool until they were given permission.
Agricultural Innovation in Africa Project, Harvard Kennedy School
Also, lets not be shocked by the fact that the 'house sitter' was completely drunk (and her equally trashed boyfriend ended the night in jail after trying to make the officers play a kids game with him). This is my job security at it's finest.
“Its not withholding information if I offer to show you. ”Jacobs sounded exasperated, he turned away, and headed back inside. Resigned he wasn’t going to get any answers Reilly fell into step behind him.
“No Soup for You!”
Jessica had a day out with her two daughters as they where having a girly day out she posted the photo above and said along with it:
Out goes one hall of fame Quarterback and in comes, potentially, another one. I have never seen a College Quarterback who looks as comfortable and as in control of his offence as Andrew Luck. Whilst some may make the comparison to Peyton Manning, Luck is about as close a model to Aaron rodgers as you can get. He makes all of the throws, that’s a given, but his ability to read the defence and his athleticism enabling him escape the pocket when required (he had a 40 time that replicated that of Cam Newton) is what sets him apart.
Mission statement
And that is why, even though the BBC cut off my ballocks and removed my urethral sphincter, I think they should have their charter renewed. They can't win, trying to broadcast tough art in daytime slots. But they do as good a job as anyone could, and the alternative isn't a Nirvana of great art broadcast uncut to millions at lunchtime. It's no art broadcast at all.
Tun Suffian has suggested that the two articles must be read harmoniously. At entry point, Article 153 permits reservations. Once in service the equality rule in Article 136 should apply to matters of promotion, rewards etc.
Last month's random winner is DENICE! Congrats, Denice! Please email me at kimlayu@gmail.com. I have a little surprise prize for you!
Round 4-8: Ch 3. Dc in each dc around. Join with sl st to top ch of ch 3.
It’s difficult to be sure, as Anna’s voice seemed to come ready-made, though I did work hard on trying to get the language right. I think I probably based her voice partly on my own children when they were young, and partly on myself. I didn't deliberately go out and look for feedback from people of that age. Or not till much later.
MEH – I’ve been curious about the new foam/ mousse style foundations from the likes of Revlon and Maybelline. I finally tried out the tester of the Revlon Photo Ready Airbrush Mousse foundation and it was REVOLTING. It looked pretty cool, all foamy and weird on my hand. But when I touched it it felt like snail goo. Disgusting, slimy and just not at all appealing. Thank goodness for testers. That’s some pennies saved!
i try not to have any.
It frustrates me that even something like this is regarded as a little odd – I’ve only ever seen one other man wearing a tanga, and have never knowingly been in the same room as one wearing anything more exotic. And it frustrates the pants off me that sexy underwear for men is not more acceptable. If a woman can wear nothing but a sequinned triangle of cloth to cover her muff, why not men? If women can wear see though lace, why should they have all the fun? So for many years I have been making a stand about this, and I shall continue to do so. But only as long as no one else knows.
Over the past four months, I have lost 22 pounds. The first 15 dropped relatively quickly. The next five slower but not ridiculously so, and the last 2 well, they have taken what has seemed like an eternity, especially when compared to the first 15. But that really isn’t what I am addressing. I have lost almost 12% of my body weight from where I started. So it is noticeable. And up until last week all of the comments were supportive. And most continue to be so.
As I watched, all was going well until the darkness stubbed it’s toe on the side of a hill. That was it all hell let loose the darkness came crushing down cluttering and crashing around.
Overall a little disappointing, I found it a little bland, the sweetness a bit cloying too.
In the meantime, there's still lots of great content here to explore:
The Bill and Melinda Gates foundation is now in Africa forcing families at gunpoint to accept the sterilization by vaccine of their daughters. In North America, Japan and elsewhere the mass sterilization by vaccine is taking place under the guise of protecting girls against cervical cancer. Message to Bill Gates: your company and foundation are going to be confiscated and you are going to spend the rest of your life making restitution.
7. Drink more water.
Hardcover: 240 pages
As if that isn't enough I get sent photos such as this;
Because food is such an issue for me, I decided to look up the menu on the web the night before … thinking if there would possibly be anything I could order. In the end, D and I shared a burger and fries because that was what was popular at our end of the table. I had two bites of his burger and about four fries and it sat well with me. My thoughts now are that I can probably eat most anything as long as the portions are very very small. I even had one bite of cake to help celebrate the occasion. And everything came out ok … in the end … this morning.
That’s the same Big Oil that hasn’t been able to build a single new refinery in the U.S. since the 1970s. That’s the same Big Oil that has seen ten oil rigs leave the Gulf of Mexico since the May 2010 Obama “moratorium” for drilling sites in Egypt, Congo, French Guiana, Liberia, Nigeria, and Brazil. They took a lot of jobs and revenue with them.
8 oz salsa
and have concluded that my hair is very porous (or high porosity). This is a condition that most curlies have to deal with because the hair is not able to maintain moisture due to all of the twists and bends of the hair shaft. Natural hair oils are not able to travel down the hair shaft to the ends. If you are not sure, one indication that you may have high porosity is if your hair dries very quickly, after washing (or co-washing) and it becomes puffy, frizzy, brittle and crunchy. So after reading a series of other articles and watching youtube videos, like the one below,
I am a big movie fan, as anybody that knows me well is already aware of. While I've delved into my favorite movies numerous times with many different people, I haven't broached the subject yet on this blog. Therefore, over the course of several blogs (not to be posted back to back), I will go through my favorites. I'm not necessarily going to go by genre, I'm just going to do it as it comes to me.
UAF athletes will serve as ambassadors for the initiative and work with CESI and Builders of Hope to raise awareness of the need for affordable housing and help rebuild the neighborhoods where their fans reside.
Meaning: This color is a symbol of brain aneurysm, Cesarean section (worn upside down), headaches, hemangioma, vascular malformation, hospice care, multiple myeloma, William’s syndrome, Thrombophilia, Antiphospholid Antibody Syndrome, and adults with disabilities.
Total cost of that outfit
The coalition are making a big noise about welfare 'scroungers'. The thieves are costing the taxpayers billions they say. Headlines about 'scrounger' scream at us from atop the Daily Mail almost every day.They want to make claiming harder to weed out those who are undeserving.
Your masculine hands
Inventory is over. Books closed an hour ago. It is what it is (which is baaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaad for us.)
I missed my first appointment of the day. Apparently when they were working on my apartment, my alarm clock got turned on to "aux" setting—this means it won't work at all in any useful way. This means no alarm. Delightful. No problem. I just moved the appointment to Thursday. The new me is flexible and not at all thrown off my rhythm because the entire plan for my day was scheduled around it. It's fine. Look at me bending.
Subprojects: Many.
I was able to have a taste test with some other Boston Bloggers at the Seaport Hotel. The table was set so beautifully. And notice the ingredients, milk, butter, oats, baking powder, real bananas. Did you notice that there are no preservatives on the table? McDonald's worked with bakers to make these products delicious and with ingredients that people know and use in their own baking.
of the april birds and the may-bee
In answer to your questions, yes. Yes, this movie just pulled the whole ‘he was dead the whole time’ plot twist. One of the oldest clichés in the book, but I guess it was good enough for the sixth installment of the ever-so-good Hellraiser series…ugh, was there anyone in the entire world who could have enjoyed this garbage? I don’t think there was. This is the bottom of the barrel, people. No entertainment value, no plot, no characters, just pure crap from beginning to end. The directing is a mess of awful flashbacks and vague transitions and the acting is forgettable as hell, even from series “veteran” Ashley Laurence, reprising her role as Kirsty.
We also take on a small number of titles per year sourced from submissions to all of our imprints and have regular in-house editorial meetings to review all of our titles and monitor those achieving good reviews, sales and feedback for potential upgrade to DA Diamond status.
Add a large bag clip to the end & pull down towards the tip. It does a fabulous job of bringing all the toothpaste to the end with the opening.
And when I hit the mile 13 marker and saw Jason and my parents I burst into tears.
Miscou is a strangely beautiful place. Peat bogs and lagoons left by a retreating glacier dot the island, attracting more than 250 different species of birds.
Most people have consciences, I think. But some people's consciences seem to resemble swiss cheese inasmuch as they are very holey. I'm sure if someone "breached a contract" with this lawyer, she'd find it somewhere in her heart to feel that she had been wronged, not just financially, but morally. Unfortunately, recognizing the wrongs others do to us has nothing to do with conscience. Recognizing the wrongs we do to them does.
Giorgio Moroder: Watch Your Step
Recommended fishing style: boat, wading, tight structure, open water. Good long range accuracy.
I feel treasured.
1 cup reduced-fat sour cream
“For I, the Lord your God, hold your right hand; it is I who say to you, “Fear not, I am the one who helps you.”-Isaiah 41:13
I ended up buying a Bike Friday and, although not offering the greatest fold, it was still good enough for my daily train ride from Chelmsford.
Cal from Fat - 73
I took some photos and accidentally deleted them.
Blogger Note – (Canadian bloggers may participate in this event if you have a large number of US readers/traffic)
Though the motivations underlying the ‘printing’ of new group memberships (i.e. the issuing of citizenship or equivalent status) are clearly different, a partial analogy can be drawn in terms of the effects. In a country like Japan, which has yet to develop an interest in allowing mass immigration from the developing world, citizenship (group membership in the Japanese nation) is remarkably clear-cut. To be Japanese is to be a member of that ethnic, linguistic and cultural community located on the Japanese archipelago. Though it is possible in principle to obtain Japanese citizenship, it is extremely difficult and time-consuming and will not result in one being thought of as Japanese by the Japanese. Why not? Because one would simply not be Japanese, irrespective of government or media propaganda to the contrary (propaganda which does not exist). This state of affairs, in which the conditions for citizenship are universally agreed upon by group members and not undergoing non-organic, top-down attempts at revision, can be likened to a stable currency. In Japan, Japanese citizenship is a solid gold coin, its value unquestioned in social transactions.
Danny and the Champions of the World are a band that seems to wear odd face paints while practicing a collective "yesness". Not sure what that means, but I love this video of their song set to the strange tradition of the West Virginia tap dancers.
And now I am here.
Length : 32.5"
we transform in this moment
His body covered in her sweat-soaked sari
"I need a tail. I need a tail. I need a tail. My tail fell off. I need a tail. I need a tail. I need a tail."
I have entered a 3.5 mile run for may 24th it makes me feel like a winner to have people cheer for me at the finish line.
Deep breaths
5:38AM
I spent days occupied with the thoughts on possessing her but I had to be patient and carefully lay out my plan. All this happened around 1984 and at the time, I was working for the South Carolina Highway Department doing anything they told me to do. I drove huge riding mowers cutting back vegetation encroaching on roads, replaced worn and faded highway signs, and my favorite, I inspected the undersides of bridges, which could bring me face to face with all sorts of snakes and rats larger than house cats with twice the attitude. All that hard work was done for the paltry salary that was very little above minimum wage at the time.
Applications for 2011-2012 are due on March 15, 2011.
David Levithan is the author of many acclaimed young-adult novels, including the New York Times bestselling Nick & Norah’s Infinite Playlist (with Rachel Cohn), which was adapted into a popular movie. He is also an editorial director at Scholastic. Follow him on Twitter @loversdiction. You can also find him online at http://www.davidlevithan.com/.
Arsenal FC has lost its captain and a most handsome winger.
We spoke long until his mother prompted him for the dinner. He left the phone with the message that I can call him back the next day on the same number. I was busy with work and escaping from my life, so did not call him until now. It has passed a week and I am not yet ready to contact him and share old memories.
Anyway... More blogging coming soon.
There are a LOT of red flags about this case, i feel, the more i looked at it. I am no criminologist, but am definitely a person with a bit of an obsession with studying human behavior. I tend to get really interested in a case when it strikes a nerve as something smelling fishy. It is tuna time here!
He is a God of increase, a God of blessing, a God who takes us from glory to Glory. That means no matter what happened in 2011, don't start 2012 with a just-get-by mentality. Don't look for "good enough," look for "more than enough!" Our God is able and our God is willing. He loves you with an everlasting love. As you increase your capacity to receive from Him, He will meet your expectation and fill you to overflowing.
Why I love you!
I found the title for the Work in Progress – The Tower. Two scenes and a theme came floating into mind too. It was a good day. I walked in the sun, yes just breezed along on the shady side of the street and enjoyed a bit of exercise – gotta fit on that plane in six weeks! But then I also enjoyed a cheeseburger which that devil, Impulse made me buy but if that’s the worst thing I eat today it’ll be okay…and there is no chocolate, cakes or biscuits in the house. So that’s all right then.
Unfortunately, we don't get to spend a lot of time with Van Gogh, what with the whole bullet through the chest thing in the first few pages.That's OK though. Well I mean, not OK for Van Gogh but we get two hilarious narrators: Lucien Lessard, a young baker and painter, and Henri Toulouse-Lautrec. I love Henri and he is just the type of character Moore excels at writing: a kind person with a healthy taste for debauchery. Sure, he spends a good portion of the book in night clubs (Moulin Rouge, Chat Noir), whore houses and bars, but he's a true friend to Lucien and to the other Impressionists. There's a wonderful scene near the end of the novel that captures the spirit of Toulouse-Lautrec. Lucien woke up on the floor, having just come out of a trance and sees Henri lying there with him: "'Why are you lying on the floor?' Lucien asks. 'Solidarity,' Toulouse-Lautrec says. 'And we ran out of cognac. This is my preferred out of cognac posture.'"
Wanted to let you know about Movin On Up....Rocking Chair Stitches has decided to expand a little bit at a time this year and did so previously by having the blog and also applying for acceptance into two additional shows. We were accepted and oh my, NOW I AM PANICKING lol.
The only drawback is that the podcasts can be a bit difficult for non-english speakers. Covering the whole history of English in 10 minutes is a challenge and it shows in the way the speaker rushes through the text. Fortunately there are transcripts available on the site.
I will let you know the results of my inquiry. And I promise to balance my prejudice with the opinions of my TV-loving business partner and husband.
The good news is that both of them caught the wrong end of a Hellfire missile fired from a Predator drone and are now crispy halal critters.
A lot of these guys had significant years in '73. Amos' early numbers were good enough to nudge Bobby Murcer over to left. Pat Kelly came out of the gate fast and was still at nearly .400 a month into the season. Blair finally seemed to regain control of his hitting after a horrible beaning a few seasons back and Dave May was having his career season. For the Nl guys:
Not everyone believes al-Qa’ida is on its last legs, however. Professor Hoffman points to its expansion in Yemen, its February alliance with Somalia’s al-Shabab and the growth of the Nigerian-based Boko Haram, which last Sunday killed 16 at a Christian service and has promised more attacks in coming weeks.
“I warned the Foreign Office in October that I might have to consider my own position if that was the way things went.”
Melissa Bynes Brooks is the editor of BrooksSleepReview.
The night before, put the beans in a bowl and fill it with water. Let them soak overnight. Next day drain them very well and while in the drainer add one spoonful of baking soda. Mix so as to cover all beans. Let them stay for half an hour and then rinse them very well.
Dough:
I’ve become, over the years, far too use to being alone. I have a family, great family, but when it comes to doing various things like a museum visit, the library, you know, all those introverted things, I do them alone. After nearly 24 years of marriage, you come to understand that one more trip around the art gallery will turn your husband to stone. And anyway, I like the quiet. But I was reading a post today about support and how we need it and do better with company. Nahhhh I don’t think so.
Scared silly from watching a season of Bridezillas, I expected everything to go wrong but the weather was beautiful, everyone showed up early and was so friendly and helpful (the photographer even helped me place the rose petals along the path that would be my aisle). My vows to Tom brought tears to the Rabbi’s eyes, we lit a candle and said a special prayer for Poochie who was always supposed to be my Flower Girl and Benny, held in Tom’s arms, slept throughout most of the ceremony (I had visions of the scene from The Brady Bunch pilot episode where Tiger chases Fluffy and the whole wedding is thrown into turmoil).
of my friends son.
I'm gutted! Devastated! Humiliated! OK, I'll calm down in a minute, but I don't think you can blame me for being upset. For the whole of my life, I've believed something about myself (obviously told to me by my parents) which I've just discovered isn't true!
Waitrose (Sierra Nevada Torpedo, Thornbridge) vs Sainsburys (Brewdog, Brooklyn Brewery, interesting beer hunt) vs Morrisons (Also Brewdog, Worthington's White Shield)
I’m waiting to see if my first father emails me this week. He never actually answered my question about how often he wants to email. He just asked to start over. So I don’t actually know if I’m going to hear from him. But either way, it doesn’t feel as big to me anymore. I don’t check my email all the time looking to see if he emailed. I don’t wonder if each new message is him (though it helps that he skips my inbox so I know for a fact if it’s in my inbox it isn’t him). I don’t really care right now. I’m sure I’ll go back to caring eventually. And I know it makes me sound cold. But for right now, I’m enjoying the not caring part. Maybe things can get to a “normal” place now. It would be nice…
Valora Salinas and the Mercenaries: Dawn McGill and Svetlana Kovalevski
Ahoi!
Today, I was very hurtful to another person, not deliberately, but all the same, I was thoughtless and the way I behaved was incredibly hurtful.
It is impossible to photograph because it usually looks orangey in pics. It's really a nice rusty red color.
NB. I know boys aren't rubbish really, I'm married to a perfectly adequate one, have one as a dog and an older brother...
If so; that means means that if what I think about anything can best be described by the word FUCK, then I am HONEST, and use the word FUCK.
Vandale Thomas is the $682,000 man, paid for accounting & supervisory work. He also served as treasurer for Jones’ political campaign fund. That is a lot of moolah for one man for any kind of work in one year. I foresee a criminal future for Mr. Thomas.
So, congratulations to Dee Ranged (or whatever your real name is) for creating a truly terrible letter. I've copied it so everyone else can also appreciate the wretchedness. On Thursday, I'll dissect all of the things (besides the rhyme) that is wrong with this letter.
The weekend opened with the CCPT Children's Popcorn Theatre production of Aunt Fondeen and the Lost Dutchman Goldmine (written by Heidi Dotson, a CCPT member of several years. The audience loved it both days. Only 2 pictures are offered here (with apologies to all cast members not pictured).
Better you had let her die
That led to kingdoms underground:
I say this a lot: "it is what it is" I guess I don't know how to describe how WEIRD my life got the day our daughter died. I kept repeating that word over and over that day, and the days that followed. "This is just so WEIRD" it was almost like I could not believe what was happening. I ended a lot of conversations with "it is what it is" Maybe because I could not find the right words to fully express how tragic and desperate the situation is, or maybe it is because there was so much out of my control with no known reason.
- Easily explain a range of topics from math to chemistry to music theory to basket weaving.
Level 12: MP Cost: 30, Damage: 238%, Attacks up to 6 enemies 3 times, 12% chance to stun the enemy for 3 seconds.
So enjoy and remeber to leave comments if you enjoy my work!
frazzled and exposed
As you can tell this tab is fairly classy and has quite a few functionality. When going to buy it be sure that you inquire from as much different stores as possible. In addition inquire about the particular warranty which ordinarily ought to be 12 months.
The image was coloured with Promarkers and Flexmarkers. I drew the large flowers on first then coloured in around them. I used a fine nib to doodle the smaller flowers and add definition to the larger ones. I then added lots of gems and glitter domes to make it really sparkle.
As it turns out, there are all sorts of things our bodies need in traditional fats like lard, beef tallow, and butter, especially, and Planck gives us the research, the science and the dissenting views in her book. Most disturbing is how margarine is made and what's in it (metal particles, rancid vegetable oil, soaplike emulsifiers, bleach). I'll stick to sweet cream and salt, thanks, which is all that is in real butter. I will never touch margarine again, and living in the Midwest, that's not an easy thing to do if one dines out ... ever.
So I’ve spent the last 7 days in Seattle on my honeymoon. Understandably, many things are swirling and mixing around in my heart and mind. For one, I’M MARRIED, and this takes more time to transition than I thought it would. But it is good. I’m also on the hunt for a job. I’ve been waiting tables for the past month or two (something I never thought I’d do again, but something I’m really enjoying) and interviewing for teaching positions among other pursuits. I’ve been offered a couple things, but have yet to accept anything. And, I’m fairly confused.
This week's Tuesdays with Dorie was selected by Steph of A Whisk and A Spoon: creamy dark chocolate sorbet. I actually made this recipe about a month ago in an effort to get ahead, but it would really have been a nice treat during the heat wave of the past week. The good thing is, it's so simple I can make it again without much effort (once I figure out how to jam my ice cream canister into my packed freezer, that is). There are only 4 ingredients - milk, water, sugar and bittersweet chocolate; they're boiled on the stove for 5 minutes and once they've been chilled, your sorbet is ready to be churned. The chocolate-mint combo is pretty irresistible to me, so I took Dorie's suggestion in the "playing around" section to mix in peppermint extract. I waited until I was ready to churn the sorbet mixture before adding the extract, and then added it little by little, sampling at each step, until it had just enough mint flavor for me.
It is ruin of learning and schools.
Congratulations....
So, here are 10 things that are cool about my mom.
Shellac is basically nail polish crossed with gel nails. You paint in on like regular polish, and then let it cure under a UV lamp for a couple of minutes. You do this about 4 times (base coat, 2 coats of color, and a top coat) and after the last round under the lamp, your nails are COMPLETELY dry. Like dig around in your purse and you'll be fine. The polish adds just a bit of thickness to your nails - just enough to help keep my nails from breaking and tearing, but much thinner than acrylic nails are. And the best part is that they last a long time! Now I'm picky and as soon as I see the tiniest chip I have to take it off and redo it (else I'll bite them all off). That means that the polish lasts just over a week for me. Other people I've talked to manage to keep theirs on for 2-3 weeks. I also tend to be a little hard on my hands in general...
Almost one hour later ESPN and NFL Network reported the story, along with a statement from the San Diego Chargers.
Have you ever read Keyka Lou's blog? If you haven't read it yet, this is a really good time to start doing it. She just started a new concept on her blog. It's about finishing goals week by week. First, she publishes a post for you to set yourself a goal for the week, then she publishes another post for those who achieved their goal to enter a giveaway, then another to announce the winner.
STEP 1A: All broadcasters will be required to call out offending players as the pathetic wastes of less than respectable flesh that they are. Mocking should be merciless and last the remainder of the game. Jimmy Dykes will be called in to teach other announcers how to be annoyingly repetitive. Again, strict enforcement of this policy will be required before broadcast rights will be awarded. Surprisingly British soccer announcers are already in compliance with this rule.
The outline stage… I’m not exactly running to work on my outline every day. Sure, I work on it, but running to do it? No.
Most recently, we had a visit from my brother-in-law who came to town for an eye appointment and ended up having emergency eye surgery. We were so blessed to be able to have him stay with us during this time. We expected him for a just a night, but his visit ended up being extended as the surgeons worked to preserve his eyesight.
After ringing up the various Wetherspoons pubs of Newcastle, re-ringing them up and trailing round them all on a Saturday night we finally found some Mordue Red Rye Riwaka on cask. The honour goes to the Job Bulman of Gosforth after a tip off from the boss man Gary Fawson. Mind going straight from work I got a few odd looks walking in to the pub half wet covered in malt dust and yeast stains but it had to be done if I was to get it before the festival ended.
Jessica stared thoughtfully at the phone. She almost felt sorry for Howard. Maybe it was for the best though. She was getting worried about how much time he’d been spending on his “magic” lately.
The exhaust loops forwards before turning back on itself to route towards the diffuser. This set up is used as it keep the exhaust well forwards within the sidepod, which helps to keep the sidepods tight and slim. We cant see the final section of floor, this might need to be removed in order to take the floor off.
I am sure we are soul mates and I am willing to try again. We had lots of good times. I know it looks like it was all bad but really it wasn’t. We were very much in love.
So here we! Making our way to Studio A to put all of the last FOUR MONTH’s hard work into action! LET’S MAKE IT THE BEST THING EVER!
Teaser from the vignette entitled “Forget My Soul”:
Nails: Mandala – Nail Palette 1 – Medium
In the ‘Section TV Entertainment Relay’ of the day, the wedding of Lee Sung Bae and Tak Ye Eun, the interview with Lee Sun Gyun, and the ranking of the actors with variety skills were among the news presented.
new years also marked a big occasion for the best buddies.
My organic garden used to be big enough to feed the neighborhood. It was sure a labor of love! Growing up on a dairy farm, I believed I could grow anything. I used to grow some exotic vegetables, well they didn’t always grow as I expected. So, after a while I had my favorites that always did well.
“Huh? You mean you were Francesca, the F’er?”
So why have I chosen to talk about this in my first sermon with you?
Short, Dykeish Hair
I like looking at fashion blogs. Do you? I find it such a fascinating phenomenon we see today now that fashion blogs are so huge and they have produced some models and blog celebrities. Anyways, one thing I’m impressed with them is that the amount of clothes they own and show on their blogs. Well, some of them have a store and they wear what they sell. Lucky them. Some big blogger names might receive some sample clothes to try on their blog.
During the influx of new National Service recruits that followed, Sergeant Ward spent his time as an instructor. He took over this task from an old RAF hand who, as they used to say back then, “knew the ropes”. Acutely aware of the large gaps in his technical knowledge, Dad asked the retiree for tips about how to answer difficult questions.
I have pictures of my own, but that would have required breaking into the hard drive from our laptop that died long ago and I'm not that talented.
So anyway, you never answered my question about Saturday night…
We also made note of every aspect of the house where the current owners had failed to love it as we would; broken light switches, stained and frayed carpet, a non-functional hot tub, unfinished patching on the walls, exterior features (siding, deck) left unstained and unattended for years, broken windows, cracks near the ceiling beams, broken tiles, ruined sinks, a noisy furnace begging for attention, and a dangerous and uninsurable wood shake roof.
Stanford Athletics Official Site
It is odd that we have spent so much time and energy focusing on Easter. My bosses aren't Christian. Most of the students at my school have no affiliation with Christianity. Basically, my school has us doing all these things because it's what they think people in the States do. And while everything we have done is what I would consider the fluff of Easter, the Easter eggs and Easter baskets and Easter candy, I can't help but be drawn back to the heart of what Easter really is. Every time my students ask me what Easter is, I want to sit them down and tell them how awesome of a day it is; a day on which we were redeemed and saved and bought and freed. But how could you possibly explain that to a 5 year-old who isn't even familiar with who Jesus is? It breaks my heart that these little children have never been introduce to God's greatness, grace, love and mercy. And so when I hear the question, "Miss Kendall, what is Easter" I do my best to stumble through an explanation suitable for 5 year-olds who have no familiarity with Christianity.
As part of extending the ability for communication on the subject, I have created a Facebook Group to be a companion web tool for this website. The Facebook group site will allow us to have creative communication and also allow for you to get items posted on this site also linked through Facebook.
8th: 역도산 (Rikidozan: A Hero Extraordinary, 2004)
The chapter on Enid Lyons demonstrates this. Joe Lyons, in his early thirties and Minister of Education, asks out a 15-year-old student-teacher on a date. They had a happy marriage, so its forgiven in hindsight, but there are good reasons why if Peter Garrett asked a sixteen year old employee of his Department to meet him secretly on a beach, we’d ask for his resignation. The Lyonses are also completely wrong on their treatment of economic recessions, and their methods only make them worse. Enid, herself, fought to prevent women gaining divorces, I believe. These things don’t make Enid Lyons a horrible villain of a person, but by excluding her flaws, the author shallows her biography out.
Then, inside the settings manager, and specifically inside the invoked method, we do something like:
Here are a couple of peaks at The Quilt. This one is taken as I was machining the binding on. Let me tell you, nothing goes quickly with this quilt. You just have to take your time! You can see a little bit of what an absolutely wonderful job Sue did quilting her! I think this part of the process took 2-3 hours.
And treat those two impostors just the same:.
He points out that the message is that people are sinful, they must repent and believe on Christ, and that it will be costly to follow him. While sharing the good news, we must communicate the urgency of their need for Jesus, as well as explaining that all of the sacrifice involved in being a disciple of Christ will be worthwhile. We must base our appeals on scripture, and ultimately leave the results up to God as our efforts are bathed in prayer (126-130).
I'd never read a book by business guru Tom Peters before, but a few days ago a slim one called Talent fell off the library shelf and into my hands, and I brought it home. I think I was drawn to the graphics. Lots of black and red and big, bold typeface. (Hmm. Where have I see that before?)
The pricing isn't horrible, by middleman self-pub standards (you can pay much more for a basic package from some services). But there are certainly better deals out there--especially since the only distribution you get is through Dymocks' catalog, Dymocks online, and Google eBooks. Even AuthorHouse et al. do better than that.
The surprise is that everyone seems so surprised. It's just so easy. The Tories have turned themselves into sitting targets. Almost parodies of themselves.
6. Changes in the sun influence climate – TRUE. They cited the Maunder Minimum in the 17th century when no sunspots were observed, as a probable example. Solar influences are the main driver of global average temperature in the 20th century – NOT TRUE.
ATTORNEY: How many were boys?
All good things must come to an end I suppose. I had to make it back today so I could go in for at least some part of my last week of work. Jon has until Thursday, still not enough time, I think, to chase the feeling, the exhilaration, that the drive gave us.
Listening. It is such an innocent word. I like the idea of heart listening, with no judgement or agendas or trying to get the other person to do something or tailor the conversation into my being right. But clearly, I have a few more teency paces to go on my mini Buddha quest. :) Somehow when friends are speaking, in a little cirisis, I tend to want to fix stuff. So first I pull my judgement cape out and start making them wrong (they are weak, afraid, non self respecting). It’s a big list of what I label them with but unfortunately, not many of my inner mind sticky notes come from a space of pure open hearted accepting love.
The goal of raising children and instructing them is not get them to be more moral. Our children are monsters on the inside from conception. They don’t learn to sin. They come out of the womb primed and ready, and they cannot learn to not sin. Our children, like us, are broken mirrors that need to be put back together in order to reflect his image. This cannot happen unless Jesus, the true image of God, is seen and embraced as the only Redeemer.
At times people change after we have completed our work with them We may never know the positive influence of our work. We can see the results of our work with those who do the work conscientiously when we work with them. We may not see the results with those who do the work after we have completed our work with them.
I'm still a Police/Fire/EMS dispatcher. Talk about strange people. I work a really odd schedule. But pretty much it is like this.......3 weeks of 4 days on 4 days off then 4 weeks of 5 days on 3 days off. Today happens to be my first week of 5's but it is my last day on. (in the industry we call it our Friday) So even though today is Saturday on the Calendar I call it my Friday.
Thing A Day is something that I joined at the last minute and I enjoyed it a lot. Next year I’ll be prepared with materials and more organised with my time so that I can keep on top of posting.
See - I'm not the only one who thinks the whole FOREVER YEAR ROUND CHRISTMAS thing has gotten a bit out of hand. These girls were probably still swapping Fun Size Snickers for Butterfingers on their living room floor when their mom came dragging an offensively premature sapling across their trading grounds.
Russ goes on to relate his original discovery of the legend of St Eustace on the wall of Canterbury Cathedral, and Self talks about how Riddley’s people conflate the half-remembered and corrupted stories of Christianity with the “cultural memory” of science. Was there an intellectual element to this or was it inspiration? “I plead innocent to the charge of intellectuality,” says Russ, to laughter and a smattering of applause. “You have many supporters!” says Self.
If the AWL think that the workers are treated badly at the Co-op or John Lewis, and argue,
Eyelash curler
As for me, I want to be recognized. I don't need any gifts or a party and I really don't like going out to a restaurant for brunch. I just want to sit and enjoy my kids and grandkids and hear a "thank you" from my kids because they realize that I really did do a good job and that they really did turn out okay.
KP: Yeah, actually what I did was I used a Kickstarter campaign for the artwork, manufacturing, and promotion of the album. So, it was more for post-album details.
On the chopping block would be the departments of Education, Commerce and Energy.
We Choose Virtues is character development program for kids (ages 3-11). There are options so that it can be used at home, in public schools, homeschools, or churches. You can either purchase a kit (available for secular or faith-based) or just buy the products that you think will work best for your family. The program covers the following virtues: Diligence, Helpfulness, Perseverance, Gentleness, Contentedness, Attentiveness, Honesty, Kindness, Self-Control, Patience, Obedience, and Forgiveness. The products are high quality, colorful, and easy to incorporate into every day.
One thing that has changed in how to approach our work and requests for childcare and children's programing is the delineating of our expectations of the event organizers.
They're interesting questions. What does it mean to live, for example? Have I ever skied or surfed? No. In some people's eyes, then, I haven't lived. Then, again, other people might live to ski or surf and, if they can't, they might feel that they haven't lived. What does living mean?
By the time Return of the Jedi came out I was in my last year of college and yes, stood in line on this day at the local multiplex (no stadium seating yet) outside Providence, Rhode Island at the Showcase Cinemas in Seekonk, Massachusetts. I remember I loved Wicket the Ewok and got a plushy one which I still have to this day.
But I am hanging in there
Ghost Story by Peter Straub or Waking the Moon by Elizabeth Hand. I'd say anything by H.P. Lovecraft, except he wrote short stories mostly.
This verse was on the Verse of the Day on my left sidebar, top left:
Do you have any idea how out of control that is???????
So I present to you with some irony my #stylememay submission. It's a blogger challenge wrapped in a blogger challenge with an instragram twist. Mind equals blown! #stylememay May 8:Fresh lipstick color...
This allowed the Aquino-Cojuangco clan and other powerful families to use controversial exemptions and loopholes to keep the land.
“Then I’ll tell him something else, and I’m helping them have better children” Jennifer replied as they stepped through the door and disappeared inside. Neither of them noticed the large ugly bird that lit on the roof of the porch as the door closed behind them but did little to muffle conversation from its ears.
“It sounds brilliant!” chirped the ageing tunesmith, evidently thrilled at the prospect of a solo vacation. “I’ve always wanted to hang out with gorillas – they’re much more interesting than those seal pups we visited.”
Happy First Anniversary to my blog!
When I was growing up, I don't remember a single police officer ever coming to my school.
Max level quests for Cygnus Knights are also new, including again quest chains where you have to deal with Arkarium. The Skill ”Noble Spirit” can be raised by killing him.
The Movie starts out with the scientist played by Béla Lugosi, making some dark comments about humanity. After that, it cuts to an inspector finding the dead body of a transvestite who killed himself. The inspector finds a note next to the body, stating that he was arrested four times for dressing like a woman. So, out of curiosity, the inspector locates Dr. Alton, who explains in detail to the inspector about transvestites and then proceeds to tell him the story of Glen/Glenda. From that point on, the movie just becomes about how Glen is try to hide his dark secret from his fiancée. It also goes into a short piece about a second man called Allen/Anne who goes through surgery to become a woman in contrast to Glen whose problem was psychological.
"People travel to wonder at the height of mountains, at the huge waves of the sea, at the long courses of rivers, at the vast compass of the ocean, at the circular motion of the stars; and they pass by themselves without wondering... Now, let us acknowledge the wonder of our physical incarnation— that we are here, in these particular bodies, at this particular time, in these particular circumstances. May we never take for granted the gift of our individuality."In prayer, we so often reserve the bulk of time to personal requests -- not to diminish that, please don't misunderstand, for we are called to depend on God in all things --but I consider the sole leper who returned to Christ with thanks and praise. "Ten were cleansed, were they not? Where are the other nine? Has none but this foreigner returned to give thanks to God?" Then he said to him, "Stand up and go; your faith has saved you." He received the greatest gift - salvation - because of his gratitude.
"So?"
Farewell summer of 2011. You were a challenge: I learned a lot, wept a lot, grew a lot, and created a lot. Now to enjoy the splendor of October, one of the two months each year when I truly benefit from life. This afternoon, I will throw a leg over a horse and reconnect with my true loves—nature, horses, and the scent of leather…I may even write another poem.
Importantly, if the CFIB looked at the facts, they would also be making the case for bolstering defined-benefit pensions for all Canadians working in the public and private sector. Instead, the CFIB has been hijacked by banks and insurance companies spreading lies and rumors about expanding the Canada Pension Plan.
Still, there will be many names that are new and strange and do not immediately suggest an image. These names require a little work in recoding the sound of the name so that a meaningful image can be formed. Consider the recodings for the following names:
Live at Potawatomi Casino/Northern Lights Theater/Expo Center March 5th 2012 in Milwaukee Wisconsin USA
“Is it too late to say I’m sorry?” Selsor said. “I am truly sorry for the suffering and damage I have caused.”
The White House said it formalized a 10-year strategic plan for the U.S. Global Change Research Program. The plan will focus on the relationship between human economic activity and global climate change.
and the corn its proud emblem, or love
Have you used GLAMCOR Professional Glamour First Impression Performance Primer?
Food: Sushi
1/2 cup skim milk
Let us run for it
with a guard at every door
This analysis will provide management information to strategically plan ahead on how to manage efficiently and cost effectively. It will also enable them to understand what changes or resources are needed to achieve increased profits and targeted goals.
Date Bottled: February 20, 2007
the day after the show, Chris and I were treated to a day in NYC- I am talking the Natural History Museum, Central Park, China Town, dinner under the Brooklyn Bridge, and a night in Time Square…the whole trip was unbelievable. If you ever go to NYC, go with people who love it there. We couldn’t have had a better time!! Even the ride home was a treat; 10 hours with dear friends we love sharing life with- wow! What a weekend. We came home to our girls, lovingly cared for by Chris’ parents and boy, did they have a lot of fun too! We have SO much to be grateful for.
Roland Sagah Wee Inn, Assemblyman for Tarat, who has been in office since 1996, is one such example.
Headstrong Angelica Cynster is certain she’ll recognize her fated husband at first sight. And when her eyes meet those of a mysterious nobleman, she knows beyond a doubt that he’s the one. But her heart is soon pounding for an entirely different reason—when her hero abducts her!
I was totally certain they had punctured something, and was sitting there doubled-over and weeping, and...did they give me any pain pills? NO! They send me home with orders to take some ibuprofen and Gas-X! How awful is that? No Darvocet, no lovely Dem-ies, nothing!
Still other Zionists indulge in unrestrained self-victimhood. "Israel is slammed for the attack because the world is biased against Israel" (as proven by the recent, unanimous approval of the country's entry into the OECD). A Yediot Ahronot (Israel's leading newspaper) article is titled A brutal ambush at sea! You know -- if you break into my house and I hit you with a bat I'm ambushing you. I don't recall meanings being twisted so amusingly since "present absentee." Come on, why stop at "ambush"? What those people on the boat did was a downright pogrom! Or, better still, a Holocaust! Don't dare deny it or you'll be a Holocaust denier.
This back stairway was my favorite part of the whole house. I love the hand-painted wallpaper, the rope handrail, the dark wood, and the beautiful window. There's also a pretty chandelier you can't see in this photo.
THIS ONE'S FOR MY BROTHER RICK: WED. 9/24 - DAVE GLEASON @ THE SWEET SPOT IN SANTA ROSA, 9pm. you know where it is...
Missed the turn to N.Hudson Elementary. Opps. Went down another street that runs perpendicular to the ball fields.
Silver Lame Ribbon
Thank you for visiting today to learn a little more about Chariss!
He went on to say that iPhoneography is much more than applying a filter. It involves vision and education, just like in traditional photography. “At the end of the day, a camera is a camera. If you know how to use your camera, you can create awesome images regardless of the camera’s limitations…you can do impressive things with the iPhone if you take time to get to know the different apps available. And there are no shortage of awesome apps at very reasonable prices.”
That one day
About this same time, It just so happens that several of my other books were in the process of being picked up by Ellora's Cave and I thought what the heck? Why not pitch it to my editor there and see what she thinks? So I did, and she told me to send it to her. She was interested to see how I handled the whole zombie-thing. Well, long story, short, she liked it. A lot! My zombie romance with it's dead-sexy hero had a home! I was thrilled and my hubby walked around for a week with a smug, "I-told-you-so" look on his face.
The ‘Dancing Building’ is a nickname given to Nationale-Nederlanden building that is located in Prague’s downtown. Designed by Croatian-Czech architect Vlado Milunić in collaboration with Canadian Frank Gehry the building was completed in 1996. The building was built instead of the one that was destroyed during Bombing of Prague in 1945.
“No it didn’t.” He looked at the pictures a moment longer before he put them away. “Where
This design is from the "golden age of graphic design" (mid-20th century) and the artist is Abram Games. It was commissioned by the British government during WW II as a reminder that food needed to be conserved and cultivated at home. Indeed, the message holds true today!
margarita cupcakes
What I do love is that they are a genuine family. There are the usual squabbles and bickering between sisters, but they obviously care about each other and all rally to the challenge of ‘holding down the fort’ while their sick father is away for the winter.
1 out of 5 – Educational value – If there’s one thing this book teaches, it’s mainly how to fend off against certain creatures. No, I’m totally kidding, this is not applicable in the majority.
The Club
One thing has remained static: my need to see the world from the back of a horse, to take in that sweet scent of horseiness (that's a word!), and to feel that connection to another soul.
She has an absolutely AMAZING way to teach science in only 20 minutes a day. It is hands-on and engaging. It reminds me of the Daily 5 and CAFE but for science. I am in love!! But I will be quiet now and let Ari tell you in her own words.
1/2 tsp. Cajun seasoning
In the Club or at a Party
That’s expressive right?
There seems to be two thoughts about writing erotica. One, that the story should hold together even if there wasn’t any sex; and two, that the sex must be such an integral part of the story that it will fall apart without the sex. I subscribe to the second theory because it holds true for any sex scene — it must be a scene rather than simply a depiction of sex. This means the scene must advance the story, tell us more about the characters, show us how having sex changed the hero, or show a change in the relationship between the participants. So many authors seem to have the attitude that they need to arbitrarily insert a sex scene into the story, but such scenes need to be written in response to the demands of the story, not just because “it’s time to insert a sex scene”.
I need words. Loving words. I love words. I breathe words. Beautiful words.
This is #4 in Brockmann’s Tall, Dark and Dangerous series – her first Navy SEAL series (before Troubleshooters), in which she uses the members of her fictional Team Ten Alpha Squad as the heroes. I enjoyed the first 3 – even rated them 5 stars, but not really keepers. But this one, Cowboy Jones’ story, sorta rubbed me the wrong way.
For my final European talk, I'll focus on the beer. Unfortunately, because of the vast quantities of beer I took, and the fact that I was chatting rather than taking notes, it will be a rather unfocused discussion of beer.
There you have it. Our Monthly update. That's a bit late but... hey.... late is better than never, right?
At first, it might look like a magic trick because the Obama administration will be pulling a trillion dollar or even larger platinum coin out of thin air. However, if you study the details of the plan, you will find it does offer a quick and legal way to get around the debt limit by using what is called coin seigniorage. Seigniorage (pronunciation guide) is a word derived from the old Anglo-French word seignurage, meaning the "right of the lord to coin money." In this case, the legal right of the Treasury Department and the U.S. Mint to make high denomination platinum coins is the loophole that is being exploited.
As to Louis's calling me "anti-development," let me say that taking a critical stance on the Atlantic Yards project doesn't mean I'm against development; rather, it means that I'm pro-transparency and pro-democracy. Long before I got involved in studying this project (July 2005), I wrote a letter that the Brooklyn Papers published in its 6/19/04 issue (p. 4), which noted: Many of us may welcome a project such as Atlantic Yards, but not on the terms Forest City Ratner has at this point presented.
I was about to ask that we’d also be miraculously able to attend religious ed tonight (last night of the year), but #2 came staggering into the study with glazed eyes and feverish misery, so I don’t think the virtue of prudence will let us get away with that, even if there were miraculous recoveries in the next six hours.
Happy to have found my voice, I set out to finish the next book, set in Turkey, unlike Happy Hour, which was set in Holland. This time I was on much more familiar ground, having lived in Turkey, not Holland, for the last two decades. The topic too was more up my street. The main character is a woman journalist, not like the protagonist of Happy Hour, a bored bureaucrat whose downward spiral starts when he stumbles into having sex with an underage girl.
I was recently thinking about having some of my artwork printed onto greetings cards - ordered a sample set from Moo to see what the quality was like then decided to do the deed!!!
Behind that paper plastered all over the windows at Gristedes on Henry Street in Brooklyn Heights, the fire-gutted store has actually been cleaned up. The above was shot from the front of the store.
The sexual revolution of the last several decades has transformed any public conversation about sex and sexuality. The revolutionaries directed their attention to the dismantling of an entire edifice of sexual morality that had been basically intact for well over 2,000 years.
Same old bloody war.
One thing that was quite interesting - I was asking the vet why he thought she had got this injury - cobs don't usually get hind suspensory injuries - it's much more common in big-moving dressage horses. I was trying to explore whether there might be anything in her pelvis or stifle causing her to load the suspensories. He said that her build of horse is designed to move with their hindlegs stuck out behind them, pulling themselves along. It's rare, he said, to find a horse of her type with movement like hers. She's also well schooled and will try to do what you ask of her, so if you ask her to sit back on her hindlegs like a dressage horses, she will try, even if it is not comfortable for her.
Augusta Brewing Company (5521 Water Street, Augusta) Located in the heart of the Missouri wine country, Augusta is putting out some stellar beers. Their Hyde Park Stout recently won gold at the 2010 Great American Beer Festival. It’s a lovely trip and Augusta has some lovely bed and breakfast spots.
On: CBBC
Wright says the 63-year-old deputy was not forced to retire. He will be retained as a reserve deputy and continue to work for the sheriff's department in a reduced role.
“Without?”
Went home at 6pm, had dinner when I got in .. and then later on in the evening went to get Ice Cream with Will, because it was one of those evenings aha .. went upstairs with it, played guitar .. watched Match of the Day 2 .. then started to write this. Pretty standard day.
Well, that’s not necessarily true. About once a month or so the guys get a wild hair stuck crosswise and we’ll play dealers choice – real poker games. We don’t allow those game killers like deuces wild, one-eyed jacks and that foolishness. About the best we do for deviation are the Eight split games. Sometimes we’ll do Pinochle if we don’t have enough for a decent Hold’em game. We play Fifty cents a point for the Pinochle, per man.
The charge of felony removal of human remains carries a sentence of up to 15 years in prison and a fine of not more than $10,000.
All of the affliction that each of us endure is different. Yet, the same result comes as we make the best of our circumstances: we learn and grow.
People should try to be whatever the situation calls for. The problem is in perceiving what the situation is.
When you can't stand it any longer
It is getting too late to do justice to the
What should be up is a review of 3d6 In Order (a very cool game BTW) , some musings on Midrea vs. Eradim and speculation on a putative 5 Stones Retro-Clone.
From afar I’ll travel
In the end we decide we want Bertie shot with bullets of his own shite, then left on a hospital trolley to rot.
What’s surprising is how unabashedly forthright Abraham Foxman has become about what motivates him and his institution. In October of 2005, Foxman addressed a classroom of Jewish students at New York University.
It became our best moment together in the entire dream as we had a good time talking, eating, and drinking; and someone looked out of a window, which was covered so the flying machines could not see in, and they saw that all the spaceship-like things were gone.
Unfortunately dramatically cutting jobs and wages will make a bad situation worse. Greece is already insolvent. Try to imagine how bad the economy will be with less money in the hands of the consumer. If the people don’t get paid then the taxes won’t get paid either.
- Solutions that are aligned to their needs
Hi Dawn, Have you ever tried water arobics? It's really fun and easy on your bones and muscles. Also makes you sleep really well after. My girlfriend and I would meet in the evenigs. That worked for a week or two then we would meet and skip on over to the bar for munchies. - Kristine in Michigan.
Body sleeps in Ethiopia
Fletcher: You certainly have been
“Buddy cop” movies, aka one of the most overused and clichéd genres ever made. Some aren’t all bad like the ever-popular Lethal Weapon, the guilty pleasure Rush Hour series and my personal favorite, Hot Fuzz. The only differences between those movies and 21 Jump Street are the undercover characters and the overly used penis jokes. Seriously, every joke that comes out of their mouth relates to the male genitalia. Sure, that can be funny every once in awhile, but every five minutes gets a little old.
65. Am I hot or what?
Why was it so appealing? Because it's a combination of sweet potatoes, onions and apples. Baked. Yes, we all want sweet potatoes this time of year, but apples and onions? Too cool.
The American Idol judge said that being with the Latino group singer Wisin Y Yandel and of course with Enrique is ‘groundbreaking’. According to her, teaming up with the Latinos, English and Spanish singers in one tour is first to happen and that what makes it ‘historic’. The tour is on July 14 to August 31 to the 13 cities in North America, in Montreal, Canada, and lastly in Miami.
It’s the significance of shark fin in culture.
I wanted to be sure not to overbake these little cupcakes, so I took them out after 16 minutes--perhaps still a bit underdone in the middle, but I figured the continued heat from the cake itself would take care of that. I think I could have baked it one minute less and it would still have been okay. If I were testing, I'd try them at 14, 15, and 16 minutes. I think I could get into this testing idea!
Blogging is, inherently, a self-centered activity. Sure, there are some bloggers who have developed significant followings, but 99 out of 100 blogs out there started as a person talking to themselves. Only bloggers would believe that the populace of a country ravaged by natural disaster, (where people are DYING, and homes are destroyed, and oh... internet connections are being interrupted everywhere), would ever even know that a handful of self-important bloggers in the safe and warm confines of their respective homes DIDN'T blog. It's so fucking dumb.
I've just come off the telephone to Tom. We were both logged onto a website he discovered earlier tonight which more than lived up to its name:
The images seem at first glance like family snapshots taken by an unusually facile photographer. Well-composed, poignant, in focus, they are clearly the work of a new father besotted by his family.
Predictive modeling is the wave of the future in workers’ compensation! Ultimately, predictive modeling will affect our lives in various ways. Please check it out! Thanks! — Annmarie
When they had killed those white men they made a mistake, because they took clothes, beads and cattle which they were forbidden to do by Mwari who had spoken through Kaguvi and Nehanda. They went to a store near Ruwa which was called Bally hooly. They took all the clothes. They went to another store which was at the present grove of gumtrees, at the junction of the Goromonzi, Salisbury, Umtali roads. They killed three European traders. They took everything in the store. They went to the European farmers and killed them. Another European had his hands cut off. They went through the mines killing the Europeans. They tried to kill the Native Commissioner but h
I mean come on—it came with a bone-shaped cookie cutter! And I checked out the ingredients—no preservatives or other bad things. And made in the U.S.A., which is a big plus for me.
Well hubby goes back to work tomorrow and we survived the first couple of weeks of school so I'm hoping things will get back to normal ~ at least my crazy version of normal :)
That is just a sample of all that is going on, including an Oscar nominated performance by Tom Cruise as a smarmy self-help guru who teaches how to seduce women. His scenes unintentionally echo some of the actor’s later earnest shilling for Scientology.
The day after Thanksgiving has long been known as the day when we can begin the official start to Christmas. So many join the crazy mass of people who go from store to store to find the best deal, the cheapest gifts and maybe even a few extra gifts so that we can be fully prepared. We prepare so that we can have something ready when we receive that unexpected gift.
“Each new sunrise provides the catamaran with the light needed to continue its journey,” the PlanetSolar team wrote on its website.
1/2 tbsp Baking powder
At the show, the Camaro will be parked in our booth (#509) and Icon Image will be performing a vehicle wrap demonstration. If you’ve never seen a vehicle installed before or you have questions about fleet graphics, stop by because it’s the perfect time to ask all your questions.
That I am still here
“You didn’t. Bring. Any. Money,” he repeated as the realisation sank in. “No money at all?”
The only pet in the house that is actually mine is Sir Digby Chicken Caesar, my miniature Daschund
Strength: Western Kentucky hasn’t done a lot well this year, but one thing it has done is turn its opponents over. The Hilltoppers force close to 15 turnovers per game and do it with their quickness. The team doesn’t have a lot of size so has compensated by competing defensively to get as many possessions as possible.
Her choices are none; she can only keep on and try to keep up. Likely soon she will take over writing his bills as she cannot find any remote semblance of order in his random piles of paper and clutter. She drives him to his appointments and the few social events he can manage; the Hort department meeting, no longer on campus, might as well be on the moon now as far as her father knows. She takes him there but he doesn’t know where he is.
A2 - The Look In Your Eyes
5. Earth's Children (Series) ~ by Jean M. Auel
Homer: Wait a minute wait a minute wait a minute. Lisa honey, are you saying you’re never going to eat any animal again? What about bacon?
“A Berl report showed that having the new KiwiRail rolling stock for Auckland built at Hillside would have added $250m to the economy, reduced the current account deficit by $122m and created 1270 jobs. Unfortunately, National insisted that KiwiRail only consider its narrow commercial interests and ignore the wider impacts of its decision.” -Metiria Turei
5.down the hatch
Where my head broadcasts. Radio, talk.
Okay, I did like the part where the male lead sees Han Solo as his reflections because I'm pretty sure most guys wish they were Han Solo.
Work got backed up, of course, while I was gone (seriously, it was only THREE DAYS, people). My body feels fat and bloated from all of that rich food we ate up there. I've done a fairly good job of getting back to Egg Beaters and chicken breasts - free and yummy trip to The Melting Pot last night notwithstanding - but finding time to really exercise has become challenging.
The Paris Burlesque Festival
Across the country today,thousands of 10 and 11 year old children will be sitting hunched over exam papers. And they will continue to hunch for the rest of this week - 4 English papers, 3 Maths and 2 Science.
R proved to me today that she listens to everything. This morning when I got her out if bed, she pointed to the top of her dresser and mumbled "brubbas".
No offense to the rock band; I didn't name the event. They did. Voodoo is a great song, by the way.
I’ve often heard it stated that “where God guides He provides.” This is very true. At your moment of salvation, God instills in you a new desire to serve and bless others. With that desire, He also gives you the tools necessary to accomplish this goal. Whether it’s ministering to those in a nursing home or teaching a church of thousands, God will give you the wisdom, strength and ability to do that which He’s called you to do. So, what has he called you to do? Are you walking in His power or standing in your own? Go ahead, take that step. And as you do, the power of God will lead you on an adventure in ministry that will change your life and the lives of those around you.
It's five more days till Christmas! Well, five for me - as some of you may know, in Poland the biggest holiday celebrations actually take place on Christmas Eve, when we sit down for a no-meat dinner just after the first star appears on the winter sky. We're flying to Warsaw on Friday and I'm super excited (as well as praying for no snow so that we can in fact make it to our family dinner in time)!
I followed her recommendation to use 1 cup whole wheat flour and 1 cup all-purpose flour. These turned out GREAT! They are a lot sweeter than I expected; usually whole wheat items aren't very sweet at all.
Today, the minerals are missing in our soils, which in turn leave our foods lacking in minerals also. Our modern diet of breads, sweets, and convenience foods also contribute greatly to our acidic body state. One good way to keep your body balanced is to take trace minerals daily. Combining this with eating organic foods and many raw foods can help to keep the body in symmetry. Find ways to ward off stress as this can create acid also.
The potential negative impact on access – the ability of poor and disadvantaged students to pursue an education – was apparently not considered an overarching counterargument.
With Easter just round the corner we're celebrating by having a Twitter Easter Egg Hunt!!
“Down, down with military rule,” they chanted.
Road Song - 7.1M
for these murders.
1/4 cup tangerine vinaigrette -see recipe below
3500 Porsche Way, Suite 200
They never told me going to school meant answering questions.
Using a scale of 1 – 5, rate whether you have had significant experience in or evidence of Administration
When were the born?
“I want to take down the civilized world.”
and like a climbing,
This WordArt request is from Jen. I thought it would be ADORABLE on layouts of parents/siblings/families loving each other :) Click on the link below to go to my account to download the PNG file, and leave some love if you like my work. Thanks!
My twist on the lamingtons is that I added beer (Shiner Bock for this particular batch) to the cake batter, and (512) Pecan Porter to the chocolate syrup. My recipe is not currently being posted. Here are some pics of how it is done though. All photos by John Knox, so he doesn't sue me.
The man is reported to be driving a white van.
I used this quince jam recipe as the basis for many batches, but I preferred to cut into pieces, rather than grated most of the time. And the longer you cook quince, the redder it gets.
that daft pirate costume. And it doesn't
Other bands I saw at Saving Muddy Hillgrass were:
"The life of a Christian is nothing but a perpetual struggle against self; there is no flowering of the soul to the beauty of its perfection except at the price of pain" (saying of Padre Pio).
All you will need is an Arduino Uno/Duemilanove or 100% compatible board, and the usual odds and ends. At the present moment I’m working on using this with a Mega. If you are using a Mega and have questions, let me know. With regards to the Arduino software, you will need v18 or above. When it comes time to solder up your shield, if possible try and sit it into another shield or board – this keeps the pins in line and saves a lot of trouble later on:
17-year-old Vicky Hernandez has a big problem. She's dead. Or not quite. After discovering she's been turned into a vampire, she tries to settle into a quiet suburb of Chicago and return to a normal life.
Which furthers stereotypes more? To discuss the ideas that Summers put forward, or to assume that young women are so fragile that they cannot even hear alternative viewpoints? To assume that they cannot differentiate between someone saying that women as a whole are less likely to be well-suited for scientific careers, and someone saying that they individually are not cut out for it?
Nice and creamy - and this is before I put it on the beergas. I bought the 30' of beer line and another restrictor faucet but haven't yet put those together. At this rate, I may be done with the beer before it gets the nitrogen treatment.
829 D-III/28/1982. “On Parts and Wholes.” Induction of Officers, Political Science Honorary Society and the Pre-Law Society, Memphis State University, Memphis, Tennessee.
“But, what is the moral of the story?”
I would like to point out my sheer and utter horror at how much they destroyed Matt Bomer’s voice through auto-tune. His singing on Glee isn’t remotely close to how low and sexy his actual voice is. Just so we’re clear.
Look, here’s the envelope.
There’s just something about authoritative, stern male characters that gets me all swoon’y. Maybe I have a daddy complex. Maybe I’m a 35 year old woman trapped in a 23 year old’s body.
Grandma lived about an hour south of us. One time my Aunt N, who lived two doors down from us, made the trek to see her. For some reason, my mother did not go with her. A few days later Mom was speaking with Granny on the phone.
I was home from college for a bit and it was Christmas time and the doctor had an opening. They said that if I didn’t have an infection and if the doctor could fit me in they would do the surgery. I was praying, my family was praying and my church was praying. At the last minute I got the call that I would be having the surgery. I was so excited that I did a little dance on top of my bed and then I proceeded to praise God for the goodness that he had brought into my life.
*Currently home to 'Ghost' a musical based on a film.
appeared for us to pore over and cut out and paste into our scrapbooks. I am sure my parents went out to dinner all over the place. There must have been a Reception at Government House to which I wasn't invited. What I do remember most clearly was the Coronation Picnic.
Or maybe it’s always been that way… What are Bush People, you ask?
The best part of being a parent in my experience has been watching my daughter learn new things and us all being proud of her. Her surpise turning to giggles when she first rolled over.
You battled bravely beside your new wife
“She said things about gay marriage and civil partnerships being unnatural. It was just a really out-dated, misjudged and heavily biased presentation.
Our small sales table, we sold very little over the weekend, just not enough visitors ! Sales are not our main reason for being there though, however, even the objective of promoting an interest in bonsai and getting the nursery known cannot be very effectively fulfilled without folk to see the bonsai and to hopefully be enlightened a little with some words about the subject.
I sit down tonight to write before going to bed. I know in the morning the meaning and urgency will be less, skewed, and possibly unclear. I might just miss an opportunity to write. So often I hear my heart whisper “write” but I do not find myself in front of the computer often enough. Tonight is different. I recognize and honor that the heart has something to say. I honor it by making time.
No warnings OR watches issued for WV, VA, NC, or OH.. be aware damaging winds, hail, and possible tornadoes have been detected and are heading ESE from Kentucky / Ohio.
Or at least just put it up on i-Tunes, where there are no real overheads
Now if you don't want it read no further.
Rules are simple: Comment on my blog about what kind of Zombie I should turn my one-armed Munny into i.e movie characters or anything clever. If I like your suggestion I will make the Munny and give it to you free.
When I finally was able to return to school, my darling first graders were so excited. I was so glad to be there as well. It felt as if everything was right with the world. Their hugs felt so much sweeter, their quirkiness so much sweeter. I realized more than once (not that I hadn't had this thought before) that week, I can do this for the next 20 years. No problem.
Some of us were drinking keg, others cask, some both. Just as at Social Media Week’s beer tasting a few months ago, people are capable of enjoying the products of different brewing traditions without getting their knickers in a twist. Will Hawkes had an excellent piece on the Independent website last week which really hit the nail on the head about what’s going on in Scotland (and I’m not just saying that because he quoted me in it). Scottish brewers and drinkers are developing closer ties based on respect and a love of good beer. Suddenly it’s the sectarian Brewdog cult that looks out-of-touch and irrelevant. Everyone else is getting on great and having a good time.
And Also check out their "FAQ" page to read more about their products and what type of materials they use such as the corn they use inside their plush toys and that their Natural Tableware is made of corn as well!
A safe place to be me.
Craig’s crushing on quiet, distant Lio, and preoccupied with what it meant when Lio kissed him…and if he’ll do it again…and if kissing Lio will help him finally get over his ex-boyfriend, Cody.
I should have listened.
Made in Brazil: Ru-Mix: You Don’t Want to Dance with Me. This podcast is a couple weeks old, but I finally got to listen to it this past weekend. It’s bangin’. DJ Ru-Bot describes it thus, ‘Yes, that summer faux-mance is over, ever unconsummated, and the only way to cope is to bring that heartbreak right where it belongs: the dancefloor!’ I def felt summer summer nostalgia while listening to it. Winter is around the corner–le sigh.
so that he could move to the boys home.
Welcome to our Blog Party Sunday. We would love to have you show us what you have for sale for the coming months or how about something you made for a loved one.
But even though it is “just a part time job” presentation and appearance still matter. I actually told one girl who showed up for her scheduled interview that I had filled the postition that morning. Why was I so harsh? She showed up with kid in tow. in torn jeans. wearing flip flops (which I could write a book on the atrocities that is the flip flop) and brown hair with red tips. I’m sorry, this is a hotel, not a freaking beach party. dress appropriately. and find a babysitter for an hour. If you cannot find a babysitter for an hour so you can interview for a job, I am going to have the impression (whether it is valid or not) that you will have a hard time finding a babysitter to care for your child when you need to be here at work. late. So ta ta for now.
This is my ultimate tip. It’s so good, I saved it until last. Follow someone on Twitter and they’ll more than likely get an email saying ‘_____ is now following you on Twitter’. THEN you email them about your band. So they’ll see that you do actually (at least pretend) to care about what you think. Then you can @reply them saying ‘just emailed you!’ or something, and they might follow you back. THEN, when they see you on their newsfeed they’ll remember you and it’ll be a nice subtle reminder of your music. It goes without saying that people are more likely to help you out if they like you, so send them the occasional reply or DM (don’t send them a barrage of tweets asking if they’ve reviewed your music).
It was really beautiful... I got a nice view, no tall person right in front of me...YAY! It was only an hour for the service and a couple hours for the reception... They had the reception at a ski hill... It was really nice, Dad fired up the wood stove so we could have some REAL heat... Thats one thing that I miss...
I’m wondering, as a mom, how hard this will be on my children and family. When I am not around everyone has to do more work because I’m not holding up my end of the bargain. I am hoping that in the end the financial payoff will be worth all of the hard work.
You: But like, it's so cold out?
Combine the half and half and chicken broth in a four cup measure. Add the flour and whisk until smooth. Add the hot sauce and whisk again. Pour the hot sauce mixture over the chicken and vegetables in the crockpot. Cover and cook on high for 5 hours or low for 10. Before serving, stir well.
"Focus on the Family is dedicated to defending the honor, dignity and value of the two sexes as created in God's image – intentionally male and female – each bringing unique and complementary qualities to sexuality and relationships."
Anyway, we're pretty sure this is what happened to Pluto...put in terms for a 5-year-old, its big brothers Jupiter, Saturn, Uranus, and Neptune ate up all the gas before Pluto got any, so it's been left as just a lonely little planet seed. I think there's probably a moral in there somewhere for him about sharing with his sister, too.
I, obviously, count that as work. What "counts" as "real work" is a sensitive issue for me, and not just because of the gender thing. What really rubs me the wrong way is when people insist that the arts don't count as work, that writing doesn't count as work, that anything you don't get paid for doesn't count as work.
Dad-supporter1: The laptop was technically his since he bought it with his money, so it's fine if he wanted to destroy it. Daughter-supporter: The dad said she bought it with her money so really it belonged to her. Dad-supporter1: Oh, well actually it doesn't matter anyway, because legally anything a child owns belongs to the parents. It was still his to destroy. Dad-supporter2: Yeah, and where did she get the money to buy a laptop if she didn't have a job? It must have been her father's money. Therefore it belongs to him. You see, it is convenient at the start to assume the father had bought the laptop for his daughter, because that makes it easy for people to
For me the challenges fall in the longer series. For me I have to rely heavily on notes in order to remember how things played out in previous books so I don’t write anything that would lend to a discrepancy. Not clouding the details is important.
* Spirituality and Healing
Since I don't have much to report, if you have any questions please feel free to ask.
as an end-of-year message, i would like to encourage readers who make charitable contributions this time of year (or anytime) to consider giving to the fistula foundation. i simply cannot overstate the importance of their work, or the impact the fistula foundation has had on my radical feminist awakening: it was the catalyst for it.
Buckle yer belts, ladies and gents. We might need to bring out a few cans of whupass, and you'll want to make sure your pants stay up. After all, they're looking for us to show our asses.
This skirt has been in my closet for some time, but I was getting exceedinly bored with the boringness of it. Joann Fabrics to the rescue. A couple yards of decorative black lace and I've got a new much more interesting skirt. I think I'll be doing this to more skirts....
1/4 c. + an extra splash of dark spiced rum
A Dangerous Method
I went with a Vintage Christmas card - not many left to make now thank goodness
modes of alienation and we'll be in
I’m also interested in rereading some of the classics I read in high school, and revisiting them as an adult. I read “Streetcar Named Desire” in high school and I went to see the play on Broadway last weekend.
*link back to Scrapbook Boutique Blog
The Poseidon Adventure
"Well, maybe, but didn't really mean it. It's just that she's so mean to me sometimes and when I'm Queen I won't be mean to-"
Another excellent reprint of a 30's pulp magazine novel, with badass The Spider going in guns first against The Murder Master, a guy who's found a way to crystalize steel so it breaks like candy. He topples buildings (including the Empire State -- it's renamed here but it's obvious) , the Brooklyn Bridge, Grand Centra Station, and trains and subways, killing tens of thousands! The Spider's gonna have to dish out a lot of pain to get payback for this one... but how can he when the steel-eating gas can wreck his .45's? Non-stop mayhem, inventively handled.
I'd had lunch at 11:30, and I knew I wouldn't be eating until about 7:30, so I was hoping to have a little something to eat. Hoping to have a little something vaguely healthy to eat. Without actually ordering something real (like pizza or pasta), I was left with only sweet things. I almost didn't give in, but I mentioned the presence of tiramisu... My brother was unable to resist, so I opted for a Creme di Fragola. It included strawberries - they're healthy, right?
I have skills and I have talent. I will be shortly giving my time and talent to Faerie-Tale Fiber Farm/Faerie-Tale Alpacas, a NO-KILL sanctuary for rescued alpacas. Go on over to her facebook page and check them out. Linda and her daughter, Lisa, had brought their alpacas to the Grand Opening Weekend at All About Ewe a couple of months ago. I took a pamphlet, and to be honest, stayed AWAY from her table of alpaca yarn and knitted goods… sigh. Anyway, I found out that one of the ways you can donate to the sanctuary is to agree to prepare, and spin up alpaca fleece, then send it back to them so they can sell it. All proceeds go right back into the animals and their upkeep, and medical expenses. As a bonus, she will send you some for your own use. My spinning friends, you can’t beat that deal because you’re getting at least as much as what you’re sending back to them. It’s a great way to practice and fine tune your craft, while not actually using your own fiber. For myself, I’m grateful to be given the opportunity to help out these animals we love so much for their fleece, while getting the opportunity to spin stuff I never did before. My intention with this blog is to document my progress and the creation of whatever yarn which chooses to reveal itself. This is what I received in the mail. The brown bag for them, the black bag for me:
In town, a bit of shopping, an attempt to get a haircut though that has been put off until Friday, a bite to eat, and home. I had been talking to my friend about fish tacos today. It turns out that is what was for dinner. What I had in town just wasn't enough and enough time had passed, plus I wanted to offer them some money. I didn't want them to have to bring it since I was arriving at an odd time, so I stopped by. I ended up being invited in to eat. A little company is always good.
The past few days have been cold and dreary in Delaware, which is pretty much what prompted this outfit. That, and the fact that it's an old faithful. I've worn it for years and years and years. In fact, I can't remember a time when I didn't pull this outfit out of my closet when I wanted to look nice. I also thought it would be warm (it wasn't warm enough); I thought it would be work appropriate (it was); and I thought I would be comfortable (I was, except for the tights that cut off the circulation to my legs — those babies are going in the garbage! The tights, not the legs.).
To my dismay I’ve not covered this beer on this blog yet. I have done the export version here, but not the regular cooking piss. A true shame as this is one of the best cooking lagers in the country. 3.8% British brewed attempt at Danish grog that is cold, fizzy and quaffable without troubling the taste buds. On a bizarre note this stuff is 4.2% when on draught in a pub.
So this is the beautiful image of the day. These are actually little candle melts that look just like the candy peeps. Ok, I don't like to eat peeps, but the colors ... who can look at a row of marshmallow animals and not smile?
This, the third adaptation from Warner Bros. of Hammett’s classic San Francisco Mystery in just 10 years, is clearly the best – though the first version, now retitled Dangerous Female, and starring Ricardo Cortez as a slightly sleazy incarnation of Sam Spade, is well worth rediscovering as a tougher, less romantic version of the story. This exceptionally close adaptation of the novel features a veritable rogues’ gallery of character actors, all seemingly cast to perfection, from Sydney Greenstreet as Caspar Gutman and Peter Lorre (their first on-screen aspiring) as Joel Cairo while Bogart and Nancy Astor were never than playing the dark and twisted romance of Sam Spade and Brigid O’Shaughnessy – wonderful. From the novel by Dasheill Hammett.
About: This is a script that’s been getting a lot of heat lately. Lots of people I talk to really love it. Hence, I had to read.
Now, in my experience, any glitter will do but definitely big glitter works well here. I used a couple of layers of Model's Own Ibiza Mix and I think it works great! Clean up the edges using a cotton bud and some nail polish remover :)
One day she shot him.
Cannonball!!!!! As a quick celebration of the sun, I brought a pool to my favorite little girl Ivy.
“He asked me if I knew which one was my daughter,” mom said.
Certainly not some low-level grunt, that’s for sure.
Writers from around the world convene in New York City to celebrate the power of the written word, through music, theater, puppetry, film, and much more. Marking PEN American Center’s 90th anniversary, this year’s festival features performances, discussions, one-on-one conversations, and readings. See website for festival events and locations.
Both Sarah (in The Terminator) and John (in Terminator 2) are attacked by the Terminator sent to kill them through the windshield of a car; the main difference being Sarah was attacked from the front of a car and John from the back.
Anyhoo, we take nothing away from Hillz's glorious achievement in opting instead to name actress and activist Ashley Judd the first (and perhaps only -- you know how lax we are about these things) Soldier of the Week for Vaginally Endowed Americans. Judd had a pretty awesome week, too, and not just because Becca Winstone, the character she plays on her new ABC series, Missing, added bank robbery to the impressive set of kick-a$$ skills the retired CIA agent has at her command. (Shoot, in the first episode alone, Becca garrots a guy, breaks into a jewelry store and a warehouse, gets through a couple of high-speed chases while wearing wildly inappropriate footwear, reconnects with a sultry, torch-carrying ex-lover, and does a decent job of speaking several languages. Also: She gets shot, falls into a river, and survives for episode two. Quel surprise, oui?)
2 unwarranted
part1
Thank you for hopping on by today! I wish you all a glorious Easter, filled with divine love and the remembrance of what this day truly represents. :o) God Bless You, my dear friends!
and I am working on it every day.
Clippings can keep for quite awhile if cared for correctly (basically just top off with water often and remove aphids), the marjoram lasted all winter in it’s jar. However, if you want to use it for cooking it’s best to plant it in soil as new growth is slow if nonexistent in a jar of water.
The little butterfly in the upper right corner is from a bling pack that I got at JoAnns. Just added for some extra interest. (I just realized that I put a 'gate' on a 'gatefold' card, and made myself laugh. I'm way too easily amused!! Haha.)
IBZTJ Blog (ibztjblog.wordpress.com) is a participant in the Amazon Services LLC and Amazon EU Associates Programmes designed to provide a means for sites to earn advertising fees by advertising and linking to amazon.com, amazon.ca, amazon.co.uk, amazon.de, amazon.fr, amazon.it and amazon.es. Certain content that appears on this website comes from Amazon Services LLC and/or Amazon EU. This content is provided “as is” and is subject to change or removal at any time.
Before the event, they held a press conference to greet reporters and fans and talk a bit about what they had prepared. Aside from Zico and Kyung revealing two new songs at the event, their concert was also filed with plenty of solo performances by the other members.
We also saw Gandalf investigating the rising darkness. In one scene he is at a table with Elrond, Galadriel and Saruman, talking about ancient tombs that have been opened – ancient tombs with such strong binding spells no one should have been able to get in. Then there’s a scene of Gandalf investigating the open tomb, where he runs into a very silly Radagast the Brown, who has some birds under his hat (we also saw a shot of his sled being pulled by bunnies). It turns out the opened tombs belong the nine Ring Wraiths.
Hutz: Well he’s kinda had it in for me ever since I accidentally ran over his dog.
Let’s have a little chat, what do you think about the new Opeth album?
After a long pause, he says, watching me carefully, “No dad, but I would like to cook Modern Australian food with an Indian touch,” and he leaves it there but then adds quietly, “if I ever become a chef.”
$1 off Listerine Whitening
Heh, heh. Obama had a fundraiser at the home of a private-equity company, one of the same businesses that the campaign had been smearing as the employer of one of the big donors to Mitt Romney. I guess when someone is a "vulture capital" but donates to Obama, everything is forgiven.
MC Harvey has revealed he was never in a relationship with Cheryl Cole after he claimed they had once been a couple in 2010 – the same time when she was linked to American dancer Derek Hough. In January the former So Solid Crew member gave an interview to Now magazine saying: “There was a relationship and an attraction to each other’s aura… She’s a good girl. We’ve got a great respect for each other.”
What would have happened to the economy with Wall Street and the financial district destroyed and congress dead? What would have happened to the military with its leadership dead? What would have happened throughout the country with Wall Street destroyed, the military command obliterated and no federal government to put things back together?
Wow! It tasted a lot like peach cobbler, thanks to the blended granola and the spices. This kept me full for my one-hour bike ride around town after work. And it has way less calories than real pie! Next time, I'll use a little less cloves. But other than that, perfect!
Creating the illusion that we are the dust on the mirror, the ego ensures that we believe we could never be so beautiful as the radiant reflection beneath the surface. Yet how extraordinary to believe that we cannot be free when freedom is our true nature!
The researchers used three nonlinear time series analysis - The Lempel-Ziv complexity, covariance complexity and prediction error. All these tests measure the randomness of the data in time.
isn’t just its content but the one who’s praying. You see, no father will be
And it tasted wonderful! I loved it. I wished I bought more than one. I can easily eat 5 of them at once. Well, I guess it was good that I bought only one ;-)
Questions for Reflection
*As a person converts to a whole salt (as opposed to table salt which is a horrible processed poison) and eats raw food and drinks mineralized water….AND is generally upbeat, loving, compassionate and serves God instead of their ego, this is a best case scenario where a person can live a relatively exceptional healthy life, even in the worst toxic environments.
I want to add that this has NOTHING to do with comments I've received recently, so if you're worrying if I posted that because of something you said, don't worry, I didn't. :-) It's just something I've been meaning to add for a while, as I get an ever increasing amount of traffic on my blog, since I figure it's something that's going to prove useful...
When I first became interested in fashion during my teenage years, Marc Jacobs was my favourite designer. I still have a soft spot for his label mainly because, even in its more serious collections, it always manages to maintain an air of youthfulness.
-Adults need daily 200µgr of Iodine which is mainly contained in the thyroid gland.
If Mitt Romney plans to do anything more than buy the Republican nomination, he’s failing to show it through any substance that will restore growth the economy needs.
What is a treasurer?
Just today my car is in getting touched up for the NCT and licence renewal.
The subdued, desolate ballad 'And So Is Love' features Eric
On a personal note she’s a native Californian who lives in the foothills below Yosemite with her husband and three children. Oh and the dog, the cats, the rooster and the chickens…
This weekend there is a walleye tournament to benefit Camp Make A Wish at the campground. We should be full this weekend, and the groups that have come in to participate are great! While it wouldn't take much to top last weekend, I think that we will be having our best weekend ever! :) (I'm back to loving being camp host!LOL!)
I did an eye look using Envy (the green eyeshadow single) and the browbone and crease colors in the Sweet as Candy trio:
Are you wondering where Sunny lives in New York?
The album is already garnering quite the buzz from fans and the like, all waiting patiently to get a taste of A-Pink’s brand new transformation.
Maybe you'd like to play too? We'd love it if you joined in. Make sure you leave a link in the comments so we can come see, if you do.
I agree! In all relationships, boundaries need to be created. You may even have to train/teach people what good behavior is because many may not even know. Sometimes it works.
And, the Guest Designer for our next challenge, chosen from the Top 3 is:
Lightning flashed like hell fire
To whom does your duty lie?
“If you have this material and are not our employee, you are in receipt of it unlawfully,” the unidentified spokesperson wrote.
"It's okay."
Ah, that autograph! (see above). Probably one of the first, along with Captain W.E.Johns) examples in publishing of brand recognition. And she is still one of the top ten children's writers being borrowed from libraries - at least partly on the strength of it.
1. HENSON, no CGI
Place a row of fingers in the bottom of your chosen dish
Into Great Silence
BERGSAKER M, HUNGNES O, IVERSEN B. Vaccination against influenza, why, for whom and with which vaccine. Tidsskr Nor Laegeforen 2006; 126: 2814-2817.
Better: I am going to get some form of exercise for at least 30 minutes and at least 4 times a week
-rw-r–r– 1 root other 732 Oct 14 2006 vfstab.vxvmparag
The solution, van den Bosch says, is to change the law so that home education is not defined as a “school.”
Better than a choir singing out,singing out.
Did unexpected life circumstances throw up new obstacles? Maybe you and yours had more than one turning point. . .
14.Memphis Sanctified Singers / He's Got Better Things For You
For every one person these days who dies fighting in US wars around the world, 25 other soldiers kill themselves. Veterans are killing themselves at a rate of one every 80 minutes. There are more than 6,500 veteran suicides every year. That’s more than all the American soldiers killed in Afghanistan and Iraq in the last 10 years, according to a New York Times analysis. Being a veteran apparently doubles your risk of suicide.
Complete elucidation of the heat source remains a significant outstanding problem
I will try to relax this weekend and to go riding Mango, because I so missed her this week!
Now this must be compared with other polls about concrete matters and events the respondents can take an active part in. Case in point, the one published by Ynet on 15 Dec 2010, after more than 50 top Jewish religious figures signed on to an anti-Arab racist letter:
Large eye needle and sharp scissors
and for younger it'll be lessons from the Quran
In the decision I ZB 21/11, the attorney failed to resist this temptaion. He has allegedly remarked that the application was addressed to the wrong court and asked his assistant to correct this after signing - which she did not do as a consequence of the hectic pre-christmas season.
1 cup of all-purpose flour
(2) Freezing it automatically gives you the right consistency, so that the dough lifts up easily after you cut into it.
The Great Sunflower Project was started in 2008, by Gretchen LuBuhn, a biologist at San Francisco State University who was interested in the migratory habits of our chief pollinator – the bee. The basic principle when the project first took off was to have participants plant the Lemon Queen sunflower (Helianthus annuus) in their yard and then spend a brief period of time, about 15 minutes, observing the sunflower and the number of bee visitors. Your data, including your observations and garden information, is recorded on the Great Sunflower Project website. The project coordinators want to learn what bees are stopping by (not just honeybees) and how often they are coming to the single flower. And, that’s it.
Emery’s official release date is July 9, 2014. But he could be free as early as next year, if Ottawa allows him to be transferred back to Canada.
Before he - or anyone else - really knew what was happening, he had pounced upon his dust-gobbling prey, trust himself forcefully upon him/her/it (do vacuums have genders? Now there's a philosophical question for you. Answers in lucid prose of less than 2000 words, please). And then he found himself in a rather - ahem - compromising position.
What’s the matter with you? I think your brain is going soft. ~Vito Corleone
In the late 20th century, a Weed Creature was sucked up by a Euro Sea Gas rig. It enslaved Oak and Quill (and later Robson and Van Lutyens) and used them to take over the refinery and rigs. It planned to eventually conquer Earth, but was defeated by the Doctor, who used a recording of Victoria Waterfield's screams to destroy its nerve centre.
This wonderful building has had a long and torrid past, it was built as a home by millionaire Cheah Tek Soon in the 1880’s. In 1908, the building was sold off to Tye Kee Yoon and housed the Chinese Residency before being sold to the infamous Raffles group who made it into a hotel.
I had my Spanish interview yesterday, but I'm not sure of how I did. I got VERY nervous and forgot most of my words. I don't know why I do that to myself, it's a terrible character trait and I need to get over it. I'll just have to make up for it on the written exam.
Abus D lock
"Well, I don't feel like crying. I feel horrified."
A group of students once asked if they could give a presentation about “Sex”. To give them credit, they did make a vain attempt to bamboozle me with words like ‘strategy’ and ‘industry’ in their question! Nice try, guys! In fact, as I paused before answering I thought of all the different ways in which the lesson could get out of control. I had cold shivers as I imagined what might be on the contents of their PowerPoint or worse, what video clips or pictures they could bring in.
hey hey chicas!
Ok here we go, got the menu and look for some appetizer of your soup section then suddenly I race some eyebrows for what I saw:
Good work, all those who take a stand on the 'mainstream' blogs, but we'll see if the censors take down all the good posts on this one.
Candidate Beverley Manor District
Readings for Monday, March 19, designated by the 1979 Book of Common Prayer: Gen. 49:1-28; 1 Cor. 10:14-11:1; Mark 7:24-37; Psalm 89
Knowing everything about everything to ever exist ever
As it so happens, several years ago, SFWA initiated a project to locate contact information for the estates of deceased science fiction and fantasy writers. Bud Webster, who has deep roots in the SF pro and fan communities, heads up the project. Pratt died in 1956, but there was no contact information for Pratt’s literary estate in SFWA's existing Estates Database. Bud put the word out among his contacts, and Orion CEO Malcolm Edwards came back with a name and address for Pratt’s heir, the daughter of Pratt’s wife Inga with her second husband. Case closed? Not quite…we’ve been unable to find a phone number or e-mail address that we could use to confirm her status, but the search is ongoing.
For May, I’m going to keep my goal simple and easy to accomplish, because I will still be working on my April goal. Unfortunately, I haven’t been able to steadily drink 64 oz. of water a day. It is actually a lot harder to do than I anticipated, especially with having very little time. I’ve managed to do about 50 oz. a day, but I will continue to work on it through May! My goal for May is to eat some type of meat every day. I know for you vegetarians and vegans out there this sounds really crazy and unnecessary. For me though, it is slightly healthier. I’m severely anemic, it runs in my mom’s side of the family and I’m one of the “lucky” ones that have it so severely it’s become a problem. I take iron pills and vitamins every day and I’ve been trying to incorporate high iron foods, such as spinach salads, dark green and red veggies, and red meat. I have not yet brought myself to eat fish, but I’m slowly working on it…
We all stand and pray in silence with the priest for a while, unless silence has just been observed. Then the priest, with hands extended, says the Prayer after Communion, at the end of which the people acclaim:
We saw those little bodies. What was left of them.
To put it another way, the Advisory Opinion suggests that it should be absolutely transparent to everyone where an attorney practices law.
We give thanks to you for Your Son, Jesus, our brother, who had pity on so many needy, when He was one like us.
To those who stood against injustice in the 1960s, and who are proud of that moment in human history, the time has come to raise your voices again now – this time to demand justice for Palestinians and an end to rampant Israeli discrimination. The ride to freedom is long and ever-evolving. But it is also a ride that knows no geographical boundaries – whether in the Jim Crow South or Occupied, Apartheid-administeredPalestine.
After the park, Brent and I made the bold decision to conduct a mystery shop...
no fair! there should be pie! you are so mean! ::insert eeeeevile laugh:: and that, my children, is why MY door-to-door pastry and pie domination will dominate.
Not like you murdered a person.
So, who's in charge? We are. Regardless of all the hype the ultimate control of this country rests with the citizens. It's only as bad as we allow it to be. I've had enough, and I don't think I'm alone.
bouquets and flowers
The good folk at Hachette Australia (my publishers) have organised a three-city book promo tour - complete with book signings, cocktails and canapés. I'll be variously bunkering down in bookstores or propping up a bar in a city centre near you - it would be great if you were able to pop by and say hello.
“This is Ian Hays’ table,” he says, in a threatening way that is out of all proportion to the situation (a common trait of doormen everywhere, I’ve found over the years. They tend to take their responsibilities very seriously. An admirable but inappropriate work ethic.)
The Exeter food and drink festival has increased its prices to a now unacceptable level, so while I did want to go I couldn't justify the expense. I did pick third place in the Grand National though, having put my annual £1 bet on, so I will collect my winnings on the way home from work tomorrow.
We did however try and make our own pasta. The pasta looked the right colour, texture was good and when we fed it through the machine it seemed to make pretty good spaghetti. The water was on the convection stove but was taking forever to boil. We’d piled the spaghetti on the bench while we were waiting and when we went to get it…it had melted into each other. The pasta machine had also decided that our softening pasta was not going to work and we couldn’t push anymore dough through the spaghetti side. We decided to try and save ourselves and put it through the fettucine section.
Michael Mooney and Jim Webb
In late July, a few of NASA’s satellites were periodically sending back signals of unknown origins. Their messages were full of, for lack of a better word, gobbledygook; full of white noise and nothing else, but it left the scientific community racking their brains. No one else paid any attention to the transmissions; we were too busy worrying about the upcoming presidential elections, problems in the Middle East, and Snooki’s impending pregnancy distracted the rest of the world, even as the transmissions started coming in at a regular pace.
Weather, Not as bad
This past Monday I officially accepted the offer in the College of Medicine at the University of South Florida. I am now a Bull. USF Health. Go Bulls!
57. Drink! -- They Might Be Giants
I, for one, want to always feel good. If I don’t, I promptly think I’m doing something wrong and want to get out of it as soon as possible. The truth is, no one feels cheerful and happy all the time. I think what SARK’s getting at is that, rather than haul yourself out of the funk, get into it. Make friends with it.
With all that being said, the least we can do is stand and welcome Layla back to the WWE as we congratulate her on her championship win last night, and thank the Bellas for their work in the WWE and for looking so amazing for so many years.
Lastly, we cannot but note that respondent’s conduct relative to the civil case in question likewise fell short of the diligence required of his profession, in violation of Canon 18 of the Code of Professional Responsibility, which demands that a lawyer shall serve his client with competence and diligence. Rule 18.03 of said Canon further states that a lawyer shall not neglect a legal matter entrusted to him and his negligence in connection therewith shall render him liable.
And finally, the sloes can be used as chicken food for
So in all of these changes, what do we hold to? We cling to the Lord, who never changes (Malachi 3:6). After all, “The Lord has established His throne in the heavens, and His sovereignty rules over all” (Psalm 103:19). The Lord has used the past few months to remind me that He doesn’t call us to see the world through the lens of human logic. He calls us to see the world through Scripture and to make decisions to follow Him based on our understanding of His character as seen in His Word. Often, the Lord asks us take steps that confound all human logic. Additionally, He often asks us for our very best – and many times, He asks us for something He’s given us previously – the fulfillment of a promise. In my case, He’s asked for my dream job, and not just once, but twice. Last night was my very last service as The Gathering Georgetown‘s Campus Director.
Okay, it’s a bad joke but it’s still funny, dammit!
The next Tuesday, I had a dnc surgery, and i finally started feeling better physically. Emotionally, I dont know if I'll ever completely recover. As much as people tell me it wasnt my fault, and as much as I know it wasnt. For the rest of my life Ill always wonder, what if i didnt do that? Would my baby be here today?
Imogen: You're being Cinderella.
The topic–writers and writing—is a natural for any author, but it is not without its risks. It’s like ‘talking shop’ to someone who is not in the field, and readers of course are not. There is a twinge of this in talking about ‘writer’s block’—which I personally believe doesn’t exist[1]—but Eric rather skilfully avoids this by focussing on the personalities and their interactions.
Thank you to all of you who linked up last week. It was another HUGE week with an incredible selection of the most gorgeous projects on display.
On Dec 23rd, I heard there was a very active thread about him on an adoption forum which I don't read. So, I jumped over there and caught up with his story. While reading the thread, I discovered there was a family who was trying to bring him home, but their agency was not cooperating.
Write a poem about a TV show by noon Friday, May 18.
After getting the kids to school, Captain America, Jim, and I headed into post. I'd never been there, and was pretty excited about seeing it :) Jimmy too. We first went to do some paperwork (ok, so that part was LESS than exciting), but after it was all done, we went to the ADA (Air Defense Artillery) museum. It was SO cool! Army vehicles and missles everywhere. We're definitely coming back with the big kids. They'd SO love it.
So I'm stick with "'gina." Which I'm not entirely comfortable with. For one thing, it's not technically the right term. I think. (I'm not sure I could pass a test if I had to label all the parts down there anyway. Well, except for clitoris.)
In a small bowl, sift together the flour, baking powder, and salt. With the mixer on low speed, slowly add the flour mixture to the peanut butter mixture. Mix just until combined.
The tired of being scared.
Maritess: You're gonna see the inside of my digestive tract then....
Look, I had a book proposal at the Berlin book fair. Eleven publishing companies wanted that book out there, including five major ones.
That lanky, green and fatal tree
She's not paying me anything to say this so I can be completely honest when I say that I've ordered from Michelle before and been completely pleased with her service. I love the Valdani threads she carries and her service is super quick. Take a look at her website; you'll want it all!
it was delicious! but I bet it would have been even better with regular flour.
So at its simplest just throw some old yeast on top of the new brew from the bottom of the last brew. You can also get into yeast washing, I don't tend to bother with that, but if you are interested in this technique I'll point you at a very good post on HomeBrewTalk, a thread by Bernie Brewer on yeast washing.
Ingredients For Penang Nyonya Style Vegetarian Pickle - Accar
8eme
D. Minn. - 27.3%
This is the last of the restaurant and dining advice from my fellow thrifty friend, Michelle Hovestadt of www.wickedcooldeals.com:
I'm working on some projects and videos so I won't be posting for the next couple of days.
“Oh, Rose. My lovely Rose,” was all she said.
There’s a popular expression that one doesn’t get a second chance to make a first impression. I was impressed with Abelardo Delgado from the moment I first met him in the early 60’s. However, my most memorable moment of him was when he was doing a reading in South El Paso during the Cabinet Committee Hearings held there in in October
I've also found that my enthusiasm for writing is in proportion to how much time I read for fun. Giving myself the reward of curling up with a great book (instead of doing something productive, like organizing the closet) keeps me motivated.
Bad habits, I have a' plenty. To name but a few:
The materials I have used are:
looks faithful, even demonstrates some
“How did he do it? Here is the answer in his own words: ‘In every block of marble I see a statue as plain as though it stood before me, shaped and perfect in attitude and action. I have only to hew away the rough walls that imprison the lovely apparition to reveal it to the other eyes as mine see it’” (borrowed again from Ray Pritchard; see his website at keepbelieving.com, I’ve borrowed his illustrations but his sermons are good also). In other words, “I chiseled away everything that did not look like David.
The same is true with species. The definition of a species is a group of animals that can produce fertile offspring. But what of species that can produce non-fertile offspring? Aren’t they sort of half the same species, part of a whole? But even more importantly, I once read about this type of lizard with a large range north to south. Beginning at the southernmost place they live, each lizard can produce fertile offspring from any other lizard within a certain distance. But the southernmost and northernmost lizards cannot produce fertile offspring together. At which point does it become a different species? Where do you mark the difference?
You know, you have got the keys
Eyes filled with tears, I looked up at my nephew, who was still reminiscing, and I heard him say this to his mom:
I really and truly enjoyed being pregnant. Aside from some pretty intense nausea and sickness, I didn't have any debilitating back problems or any other major trouble. That is... until somewhere around month seven. PIH. That stands for Pregnancy Induced Hypertension and for me, it kicks into gear in the third trimester. It was the thorn in my side (or more accurately "the thorn in my heart") during both of my pregnancies. With Madison, it was a bit more pronounced and it was probably the main reason for her lower birth weight (5lb 5oz) which in the end earned her a trip to the NICU (Neonatal Intensive Care Unit) for a few days.
If you can fill the unforgiving minute With sixty seconds’ worth of distance run,
Maybe one day North Americans will see the dumpfnudel or its eastern European cousin, transformed and uplifted with innovative use of spices, herbs or other types of ingredients mixed into the dough. Maybe cheese. Or maybe mango sauce over dumpfnudel, anyone?
REV 7:1 After this I saw four angels standing at the four corners of the earth, holding back the four winds of the earth to prevent any wind from blowing on the land or on the sea or on any tree. 2 Then I saw another angel coming up from the east, having the seal of the living God. He called out in a loud voice to the four angels who had been given power to harm the land and the sea: 3 “Do not harm the land or the sea or the trees until we put a seal on the foreheads of the servants of our God.” 4 Then I heard the number of those who were sealed: 144,000 from all the tribes of Israel…. REV 7:9 After this I looked and there before me was a great multitude that no one could count, from every nation, tribe, people and language, standing before the throne and in front of the Lamb. They were wearing white robes and were holding palm branches in their hands.
I've still got loads of practising to do till I master her, and I still haven't even taken the Splitzer out for a run. But she's very fun to learn on, and now that I have my own scanner, I have so much more control.
Calum
And how, dear Mr. Rutte is that not giving away yet more sovereignty to the UNELECTED and UNACCOUNTABLE cabal that makes up the EUnion ruling class? How is that NOT sabotaging the democracy we're supposed to have in the Netherlands?
Though the pictures may not look like much, this is the perfect cake to ring in the Fall weather.
There’s a lot of things in this world. Things we see every day. Things that have an incredible impact on our daily lives.
For Titanic, I believe that it boils down to 2 major things.
I hate the thought of families breaking up, especially when there are children involved. These stories come out, deal after deal, pot after pot. And I'm fascinated. If there's anything to be thankful for after Black Friday, for me anyway, it's this live poker game. And these brief moments of human interaction, at its best...and sometimes at its worst.
While visiting Milwaukee recently, my mom gave me a bag of kettle corn that had dark and white chocolate drizzled on it. Normally I do not like kettle corn but I loved this stuff. I cannot tell you the name of the company because I ate the whole bag and threw it away. But I did manage to duplicate it.
that move in the sun and have
A fun thing to do when you do in fact encounter these cliches, is to think of ways you can re-invent them. For instance, instead of "Fog as thick as pea soup" consider "Fog as thick as milk left on the counter for three days" or "Fog as thick as pond scum" or "Fog as thick as Aunt Harriet's cold cream that hadn't worked as well as she'd hoped it would." Instead of "Thinking outside the box" you go with "Thinking outside the kiddie pool" or "Thinking outside the Congressional Hearing". Changing up a cliche is a fun play on the familiar and makes you look very clever.
"This is a positive step," said John Kostyack, director of wildlife and global warming for the National Wildlife Federation. "Endangered species laws are evolving around the country to recognize that (a threat) is not just pulling out a gun and shooting an animal, but also destroying its habitat."
Not wanting to be stung by newspapers was one of the reasons for launching a baby dragon fairy onto Twitter rather than myself during my civil service days. Because the conventions of social media have not been set, for me it is all the more important that employers – in particular the public sector, set firm but common sense guidance. Hence me asking what are the rules of social media for public sector workers? (in particular where accounts blur the professional and personal) followed by a link to a superb piece of guidance from the Department of Justice in the State of Victoria in Australia.
Amongst the perfect legal possibilities is the formation of a family corporation or “trust”, in which the family’s assets pass into the hands of the company, with each family member becoming a director of the company. So when one member of the company dies, it involves only a reorganisation of the board of directors and a transfer of some of the company shares, thus ensuring very little tax.
To play along, just make a project using the provided sketch and upload it to your blog or online gallery. Then leave a link to your project using the linky widget at the bottom of this post.
Welcome
I'm back from my long weekend in Paris (again!). This time was a little bit more touristic... but I couldn't miss the Sephora huge store on the Champs Elysées! ;)
Hello from way back in February!! How crazy can it be that so much time went by at such a fast pace? Here I am looking at the month of April, aka, My Birthday Month, or when the sun opened up and bestowed a greatness to the earth...okay, kidding, kidding. Anyway, the important thing is it is April, not ice and cold February, and all things are full steam ahead! Except for my blogging.
My own query went from 0 out of 10 requests for more to 7 out 10 requests for more after joining Jenny’s query reading team. Every author should intern.
In my slow minded way, I had to ask for some explanation which he graciously provided. And in the one that can fit the term "flexing like a whore" into anything deserves a pat on the back. Sir your ability to engage subplots would have made Shakespeare proud.
Today, I wanted to show you the progression in this little area of our home with the Target settee. I originally started with some pillows I already had on hand and the silver side table I got at Home Goods.
Last weekend we were able to hear from this man in General Conference!
So, closing went really well. We got there at 9:30am and we were out by 11am. Our cashiers check was actually for $20 too much, so they sent us home with a $20 check. Made me feel rich considering we had just given them a HUGE chunk of change.
Mark Henley is a song writer from the Been There and Done That School of Hard Knocks. He writes from his heart about his life and experiences during the long, strange trip. Some of his influences are Neil Young, John Prine and David Allan Coe.
Bush establishes the bar.
You Turn Undead, cast Bless, Prayer, Holy Chant, CLW, etc. You Detect Evil and Magic. Later Dispel Magic, Raise Dead, etc. Those spells cap the freak-out "Game over, Man!" levels for many encounters. And the cleric also bashes some heads in to boot. In these situations the cleric has to be the most tactically aware player to be effective -- for the party to be effective. Argues I.
Buff: So they are ... Both of them! Er ... Uh ... Now do you think that would be appropriate to have happen if you were entertaining ... say, the Queen of England or some other foreign dignitary?
He arrived at the University of California at Davis, where he met with the chair of the enology department and explained that he wanted to become a winemaker. Impressed with Eberle's credentials, the professor admitted him to the doctoral program without the usual qualifying exam.
The figure of her brother made no sign of recognition, or any sign that he heard Alice speaking to him at all. Instead, he merely grew closer and closer to her; his eyes unfocussed yet staring right through her. Although he made no obvious sign of threat, Alice couldn’t help but feel the instinct of fear and mounting unease that was becoming so familiar during her trip into the forest. She began to back away.
If you have word verification on your blog, please consider switching to comment moderation instead. It makes our visits sooo much easier!!! Thanks so much!
“I was bullied for four years in high school and you couldn’t take five minutes of it,” Schmidt responds.
And then I was up next. First off I decided I wanted a bit more contrast with the colours, so I added the thin charcoal strip. Then I ummed and ahhed and eventually decided to do that diamond border made of HST blocks. It was going to go all the way round with something different on the corner blocks. But I miscalculated and didn't have enough blocks (distracted by something shiny probably).
It looked like it cinched his stomach like a bad pair of stockings, which I am sure at some point, I probably would have peed on in anger as well if it was socially acceptable.
On June 6, we were invited by Dr. G to join him and another transplant family at the Cincinnati Reds game to surprise Dr. Ben. This was also one of those moments in life that we won't ever forget. Dr. Ben is unfortunately leaving us at the end of the month to take an attending position at CHOP (Children's Hospital of Philadelphia). As most of you know, Dr. Ben has been with Max since the beginning of his fellowship. Max was only 6 weeks old when we met Dr. Ben. Little did we know that on July 1, 2008 we would meet one of the doctors that would not only make a huge impact on our lives with his bedside manner and easy going personality, but we had just met someone who was going to have a huge part in saving our son's life. Dr. Ben never made a decision about Max's care without confronting Tim or I to ask our opinion. If we were unsure of something, Ben would be there to answer any of our questions and if he didn't know the answer he wasn't afraid to say so. If he didn't hear from us after a couple of weeks he would call or email us just to check in and make sure everything was still going well. He went out of his way to come to the dialysis unit every time Max was there for a treatment to make sure he was doing well and to see if we needed anything. He came in on his day off once because something unexpected happened to Max. Guys, these are just a handful of the things that he did for us as a fellow. Can you imagine what kind of attending he is going to be? Dr. Ben is going to be one of the best attending doctors that CHOP has ever seen. We are so devastated that we aren't going to be apart of it, but we are overjoyed that we got him for the three years of his fellowship. As heartbreaking as it is to lose a doctor like him, we wouldn't have traded the time that we have gotten with him. He got Max, Tim and I through the hardest 3 years of our lives. It's impossible to repay someone for saving your son's life. All we can do is take comfort in the fact that what Dr. Ben learned in his three years of being Max's fellow will help him in saving another child's life and that is enough to put us at peace with him leaving CCHMC. Dr. Ben- you will never be replaced and will be missed greatly. Remember that you are always welcome to come back :)
I thought it would be fun to have a link party (my first one) here on Monday to show off your chalkboard ideas....just because I love them so much. What do you think? Will you join me?
The Tollgate Inn, Ham Green, Holt, Nr Bradford on Avon, Wiltshire BA14 6PX
Oh these burning shoes
7. You’re Welcome 5.12 (27/1)
There are many other religions around, which make similar claims about the importance of adhering to their tenets, and many people of differing faiths seem to believe that theirs is the only path to salvation. Even if you’re sure that your own exclusive claim to salvation is the right one, you have to at least admit that many people are sincerely mistaken.
Cassettes & Chocolate Milk: Yé Yé Podcast #42
June 8th, 1910
And don’t you know I’m not your ghost anymore?
See the attached weekly chart for my primary count forecast through 2012. I believe we are forming a 2nd powerful inverse head and shoulders with a neckline between 1200 and 1100. Once P2 completes either now or in the fall, then P3 will break this neckline which will propel the markets past the Oct 2007 high of 1575. You can clearly see this same inverse head and shoulders pattern on all major US Indices (i.e. DOW-30, Nasdaq, and Russel-2000). The 1st powerful inverse head and shoulders break-out occured in July 2009 when the SP-500 broke above the 950 neckline and propelled it to the 1220 by Apil 2010.
seat salt and ground black pepper to taste
III. THE CHARACTERISTICS OF A FOOL
#19 What type of friends do you dislike?
transparent process, giving due recognition to indigenous peoples’
A Rietfontein restaurant has been accused of racism after staff allegedly refused to serve two black customers on Monday afternoon.
The trio of ales are (as pictured from left to right) -
So what are your overdone strengths? And what can you do to resolve them?
Pink metal heart: MM
Loves 1st grade, chases boys at recess, and is a bit lippy. She started piano last week and loves it. Her new motto is to do what you are not told. Sounds bad but, I love this motto. It means she tries to do things before I ask. I will catch her scrubbing crayon off the wall and she will say "I am doing what I am not told!"
Yukiko is a child of the Fox clan, possessed of a hidden gift that would see her executed by the Lotus Guild. Accompanying her father on the Shōgun’s hunt, she finds herself stranded: a young woman alone in Shima’s last wilderness, with only a furious, crippled thunder tiger for company. Even though she can hear his thoughts, even though she saved his life, all she knows for certain is he’d rather see her dead than help her.
Perhaps it’s my inexperience talking, but I think voice ought to be a fluid thing, changing as needed for the story, not a stagnant pool of a writer’s words.
I hope you are as excited as I am about this giveaway! I own the "Fixation" wedge (Seen HERE) and I absolutely love it, so I'm really happy that one of you will win a pair of Naughty Monkey's.
I will keep up the good search and hopefully serendipitously find another piece or two...
Living on the North Easter edge of the Chihuahuan Desert rain is a rare occurance and today is one of those rare occurances, but rain is a good thing, the day is cool and lovely. You know life is good when you can appreciate a little bad weather or maybe it is really true that I was born when the earth was cooling. According to the newspapers and tv all fireworks displays, the parade and all 4th of July festivities have been cancelled, well so much for that, part of the child hiding in this Old Model '37 Body, I cant even get the muse musing on how to come up with an alternative, maybe next weekend. The Queen and the Queen Mother took the Grand Duchess to Church Camp in Big Sandy, Texas alllllllllllllllllll the way across Texas to just 80 miles west of the Louisanna State Line. We went first to Queens's Castle in Eastland, and stayed the night. Then on down the trail again for another 4 hours to Big Sandy. The Grand Duchess had to check in by 3:00 p.m. and boy was she excited. We got her there and checked in and looked over the camp and "store" and left money in her account. The dormitories were big buildings with open screened windows around all four sides, no air conditioners in sight. I would tell you it was hot, but the flies and other flying insects could only soar about 4 inches off the ground, the air was so thick. Big Sandy is in the Piney Woods of Texas. The town is about a blink in size, blink and when you have open your eyes you missed your turn for I-20. The Queen and Queen Mother left her for a week of uninterrupted pleasure for the camper and the the Queen and I. For the first day of freedom, the Queen, and I wandered around the castle (Eastland) in pj's and read, and napped, the next day we waited on the plummer and then went to Weatherford, a 2 blinker town and looked around at little stores on the square. I indulged my whimsey and went to the bead store (of course) and on down the street to where the Queen has made friends with the people that own the store. Then on to the Tesky's Western store in the 2 blinker town, and boy did we find a sale, they had two racks with 95% off of the merchandise can you believe it. The Queen spent $200 and saved $1200. An example I bought a dress for $7.80 the original price was $159.95. Now why I did now buy the other one I dont know, it was to small, but my thinking cap was askew and I didnt thing about the material in the dress being used another way for all sorts of ideas. Of course I have kicked myself several times, and now try not to think about the stupid thing I did of not picking up stuff for the materials to be used. Before the ten days were up, I felt like we were gypsies running up and down the highway from 2 blinkers to cities like Ft. Worth. As the time grew less and less, I began to pack my treasures and trash and stash of goodies and found that I had a car full. We treked back to camp to pick up the two girls and came back to the castle, to clean it up and close up for a couple of weeks. Then back to our own 2 1/2 blinker, well maybe 3 blinker because we do have Michaels, Hobby Lobby , Lowes and Home Depot here. The trip was really a fun time by all I hope. We had some mishaps, but nothing we couldnt fix I hope.
Walk around during early labour. I made myself way too comfortable and cosy which is why I think he didnt come out for ages. No relaxing baths next time, I’ll put myself in some pain to encourage active labour.
Currently, Dr. Stephanie lives with husband and business man Brendan Knarr in Laurel, MD raising three children, Rachel, Luke, and Gavin. Besides running her therapy practice and co-running her family organization with Brendan, Dr. Stephanie speaks on her AmBizious Families programs, makes media appearances, and is an author of MarriageBiz with husband Brendan.
Parents now send their children to the brickworks and into metalworking companies where no one is worried about corporate image. The families need the money to survive. The local sports companies are aware of what's happened but they want to fulfil the wishes of their Western customers. After all, the people who spend a lot of money on footballs want to do so with a clear conscience. The customer in a sports retail outlet doesn't realize that young girls are now hauling bricks right next door to Danayal, the stitching factory.
Little Richard - piano
The original purpose of multiculturalism was to prevent the self-righteous arrogance of European and American Judeo-Christian cultures. There was a time when they encountered people from other cultures and they judged them to be barbaric, savage, or simplistic. In many cases Europeans and Americans used force to impose their own "superior" culture on the native cultures they came across.
But all of Mary's past bundt cake love pales in the face of her most recent project. She has just completed a 30 day marathon of bundt cake baking and posting, culminating today with her National Bundt Day wrapup/summary post. Mary called her project "I Like Big Bundts."
The beginning of Lent and the ability to start over
“How did you end up with 14 weeks of vacation months into your first job?! That must have been a mind-meld thing, ’cause no employer is giving that kind of time off until you hit 20 years in!”
Art licensing and print-on-demand are two ways that you can create an ongoing passive income stream that pays the bills and gets your art (and your name!) out into the world.
I can’t believe that we are already onto week 9 of the MTMEPPC , the time is going sooooo quick. I go away on holiday in 3 weeks and in september me li’l Chloe monster will be starting full time school!!!
Phillip chose “Time of the Season” by The Zombies. Steven said he’s happy that Phillip sang this song, as J.Lo felt that it could be his song. Randy also loved it.
Finally, Packer nation can breath easier now that Aaron Rodgers is no longer in the running for the cover of Madden13 video game. The curse will not touch the MVP this year! THE BEARS STILL SUCK! GO PACK GO!
First of all, he needed to find a scientific or pseudo-scientific paper to support the idea that his particular syndrome was being mislabeled as a disorder when it was actually a normal and healthy behavior. Then he could have painted anyone who did not go along with the researcher's point of view as close-minded and onaniphobic. Once he had set himself and those like him up as members of an oppressed group, he could then use the fact that there is only one debatable verse in the Old Testament that might speak about his "issue" and garner the support of those liberal clergy who are out there looking for a cause. He could even recruit a certain former Surgeon General's support as well. Thus armed, he could set out to right the terrible wrongs done to him by the Church and society.
The tiara is named for the Cambridge side of Queen Mary's family, of which Princess Augusta was a part. She was married to the first Duke of Cambridge, a son of King George III. Her tiara was set on a base of pearls to match the hanging drop pearls that were suspended from diamond lover's knots. Queen Mary's design for the tiara did not have a base of pearls, but diamonds instead.
Once the meat is seared, place it in the roasting pan. I like to use roasting pans that have an elevated roasting rack. I also add water to the base of the pan, as an extra insurance that the meat will remain tender. Cook the roast in the oven, uncovered, for about a half an hour. (You’ll be adding the topping to the roast and will be returning it to the oven.)
dance and crime: the nine lives of dr. mabuse, presented, prevented and presumed by propaganda.
Charlie’s mother wrote that she broke down the day she discovered the words “I am disgusting” written on the inside of his arm. She was shocked to learn the cause of her son’s personality change was pornography addiction, not drugs or drinking.
1 C light brown sugar
So much to share in the next while! Looking forward to it, I hope you are too!
Here's how you can win. Leave a comment on each of the designers blog posts and the Peachy Keen Stamps blog. Only three of the designers will be giving away a prize. We don't know which of us are giving away the prizes so your best bet is to comment on every designers blog post (and the PKS blog too!).
I head north along a wide sandy logging road in a shallow valley, then turn off to the west upslope along a path carpeted with needles and cones shed from the surrounding dense pine trees. As the terrain levels out, the trees become more widely spaced, piles of brash revealing that thinning has taken place not so long ago. Such even-aged monocultures of Scots pine are generally frowned upon for their limited nature conservation value, but here, aesthetically at least, I find there is something majestic about the solid trunks rising vertically from a sea of golden bracken, silvery-grey at the base gradually melding into orange and surmounted by a topknot of blue-green foliage.
LARGEST. A TSUNAMI IS A SERIES OF WAVES AND THE TIME BETWEEN
My grandfather died in October. He was the last of my grandparents to go, and I feel his loss immensely. The May Queen has been struggling with this, too. Just before Christmas she saw an ad for a local hospital, and said to her daddy that if Great Grandpa had gone there maybe he wouldn't have died. He used it to talk to her more about cancer, death, and Grandpa's choice not to treat his terminal illness.
"I win, I win! One to nothin'!!"
Thanks to its clever side laces, this stylish bag can adapt to the mood of various occasions. When the laces are loose, it becomes a multipurpose tote bag, when tightened it becomes a chic city bag.
You would think that I, or anyone else, would jump at the chance. And if you were to ask me, just before the skeleton crawled out of his dusty abode, I would have said that I was definitely doing my part in the relationship.
I've just written a blog post over on Azrights blog where I express the view that the future of Legal Process Outsourcing (LPO), insofar as solicitors firms are concerned may well be here in the UK.
A couple of weeks ago, I received an e-mail from my school saying that, as a top student, I was nominated to compete to be commencement speaker. I felt honored, but I didn’t really want to do it. First of all, I don’t like competing for things. Second, I don’t do well with public speeches, especially if I have to read off of something. My eyes start to water, and then it will look like I am crying. I don’t want to look like I am crying during graduation!
The bottom of the division contains a trio of once proud franchises who are all in a state of flux. Theo Epstein’s arrival gives the Cubs the most immediate hope for a return to glory, although he and Jed Hoyer have a lot of work to do before Wrigley Field hosts a playoff game again. The Pirates continue to build a strong offensive core, but the starting rotation is still too weak. And the Astros are marking time until they
Account Number: 39301-14199
I would also like to extend an invitation to visit and share your art with us on the Art With No Boundaries Challenge blog. The CS Designs Team has created some wonderful examples for our new Fortnight Celebration of Fall Challenge so be sure to have a look.
04 I've Told Every Little Star 4:40
9And the third part of the creatures which were in the sea, and had life, died; and the third part of the ships were destroyed.
I really enjoy reading other's blogs. I get so much good information and enjoyment out of reading about people's lives! I guess I'm kind of a voyeur like that. I like to blog myself, but there are times when I really have nothing to say!!
Summation: LOVE this place. Been here previously for dinner and fell for the charming garden with twinkling lights, view of the LA skyline, and foodie-friendly menu. dineLA restaurant week means I can have a crazy indulgent 3-course lunch that includes Albacore Tuna, Crispy Skin Wild Salmon and Chocolate Mousse Gateau, at an affordable price ($22) - while on jury duty...love it! Check out my full review here.
“I needed to see the infected organs” I told my friend, realising as I typed that this defense probably wouldn’t hold up in court.
81. Vaughan died yesterday in his last car-crash. —J. G. Ballard, Crash (1973)
Groaned Moon.
NORWAY FILM AWARD – ENGLISH
Rose.
So let’s say you just can’t give up that glowing, just been to the beach look? There are many non-UV ways to appear tan. Jergen’s Natural Glow and others make your skin appear more tanned. You can also get an airbrush tan, it’s a temporary look that won’t leave you wrinkled.
Iron began to be used extensively, partly because of improved vessel size and speed and fuel efficiencies and was cheaper than wood to maintain, partly because timber ships were found in the Crimean war to be very poorly equipped to deal with shells, and partly because timber was in increasingly short supply.
Write.
In fact, it might be a procedural 9/11 as Muslims seek to further gut the FBI and oversee its training materials, via ISNA, unindicted co-conspirator to the largest terror financing conviction in U.S. history:
It's been a long time since I have blogged. My free time has dwindled and it seems like there are a lot of other activities pulling at my attention. I am going to try and play a little catch-up here and hit some of the recent highlights.
This is Economic Slavery.
Whispered a little out of tenderness,
“We saw some amazing country,” remarked XCOR Senior Engineer and principal driver Mike Valant, “we traveled through New Mexico, passing the Very Large Array, then turned northwards to Route 66, traveling as much of the old highway as possible. Meteor Crater was a highlight, as well as the towns of Holbrook, Seligman, Kingman, Oatman, all the classic waypoints on the Mother Road. We drove through sun, snow, rain and everything in-between. Personally for me, it was one of the greatest adventures I’ve had. It was challenging, and there was a lot of payoff. In addition to keeping the bike on the road through all the weather, we had to pay attention to how it was behaving and make sure there was no trouble.
Attempting to conquer my fear of the foul-smelling beast, I started looking up recipes on Friday to make for dinner on Saturday. This is when I happened upon an orange salmon recipe, on the Cooking Light website, which seemed much more exciting than the 847 lemon dill recipes I had seen.
All things are possible. (Luke 18:27)
Does that mean that you will handle music coverage by yourself?
CR: I learnt a lot from my collaboration with Brook and Abbado. I was young enough, 23 years old, and could absorb all that an artist has to learn after studying the vocal technique for years searching for perfection. From Abbado I learnt the interpretative musical rigour, the Mozart style that must be impeccable and cogent, but also rich in musical nuances and thousand of colours. And then the use of the word and the consonant in the recitative. From Brook I learnt a very important thing he would always repeat us during a whole year of Don Giovanni on tour performance: “Forget you are an opera singer”. I cried at this at the beginning, then I understood that by detaching from myself I would let the right space for the character to seize me, and the voice would come out more freely. Still now, when I am on stage, I am Donna Anna for three hours. I cry, I love, give way to despair as she would do. Finally… I come back to Carmela only in my dressing room. He taught me that Freedom is Truth on Stage. And this has to go through minimalism and simplicity.
Woot woot!!!
1tsp turmeric
Many Americans eat meat products at nearly every meal, and the first stage of a transition diet is to replace meat in just a few meals a week with wholly vegetarian foods. Then, particular meat products can be slowly reduced and eliminated from the diet and replaced with vegetarian foods. Red meat can be reduced and then eliminated, followed by pork, poultry and fish.
is hideout was soon pushed behind a veil of haze. The storm was rising again from distant grey blue horizon. Soon everything was filled by the dust kicked up by the wind. The rain filled clouds struggled to hold their place. Once again the ghostly orchestra began to fill the morning made more mysterious by the whooshing sound of the wind. This time I wanted to witness the scene. Braving the wind which wanted to sweep me off my feet from the ninth floor balcony I firmly gripped the railing and watched the pigeons sail along propelled entirely by the wind. Aimless and confused they floated along with various other things like newspapers, plastic bags, leaves etc. A colorful leaflet of Pizza Hut came hurling towards the balcony, slapped against the wall and stayed their shivering like a malaria patient. I released it and it went floating to another destination.
Mine is the impulse; O my Christ, I pray,
June 17 – NO SHIMMYSHOWCASE -- Happy Fathers’ Day!
8. Who did the United States fight in World War II?
Some neat belts:
Jolie knew the old woman couldn’t afford the fine. Nettie Boudreaux received about $800 from social security per month. She had a meager savings of a couple of thousand dollars. This was emergency money. The old woman lived alone in a small two bedroom house and watched soap operas and game shows all day. She didn’t have cable television just the basic channels that she received through the old metal antennae on top of her aluminum roof. She didn’t eat anything fancy or expensive, but her income was stretched between utilities and medicines. Jolie helped her grandmother when she could, but as a full-time college student she rarely had enough money from her weekend bartending job to give her grandmother much money. She made good tips but she had to pay her tuition and room and board at the university.
RKDWV Blog (rkdwvblog.wordpress.com) is a participant in the Amazon Services LLC and Amazon EU Associates Programmes designed to provide a means for sites to earn advertising fees by advertising and linking to amazon.com, amazon.ca, amazon.co.uk, amazon.de, amazon.fr, amazon.it and amazon.es. Certain content that appears on this website comes from Amazon Services LLC and/or Amazon EU. This content is provided “as is” and is subject to change or removal at any time.
* Pictures and words
- 1/2 to 3/4 cup light coconut milk, or other non-dairy milk/creamer
Airship Breastwork 2:07:748
I will however, leave you with the LA Caviar (Lower Alabama) and encourage you to visit the beautiful gulf coast. There was no lingering damage to the beaches from the BP oil spill, and workers were out there daily combing the beaches. My friend Dena who owns the house, reports their beach has never looked better. Be sure you visit Lulu's while you are there.
1/2 cup of red wine (I used home-made Carmenere and then drank the rest)
Where to find Kid Auto Races at Venice, Cal.:
but missing what was
This shit ain't easy.
No,duh Jillian Bea.
I love this part the most - maybe because it's the most current adventure - who knows?! About this time last year, I was looking online for pattern drafting books that taught something other than apparel - they were hard to come by. I was so afraid I was going to write up my patterns the wrong way or miss something because I am self taught and lack the education of a seamstress. I quickly threw the fear aside, feeling this was a challenge I was willing to overcome. After all, I am in this for the journey. In a sense - that means I am here to learn and grow and keep going. And so I will.
To get out all of my markings, I filled a small bowl with water and used a toothbrush to scrub them out. It worked pretty well I think. Because this fabric has so much black, the batting bearded a little and I had to use a lint roller on it (next time – black batting!!)
This is a "Star" record cabinet - ours. Note the Art Deco shaping to the lower edge. My husband inherited it and set about converting it to hold a tuner and a turntable on which he plays his 78s. The lid lifts up on a hinge to allow this. Who knew it was the choice of millionaires?
But his voice cannot go far and hits against his grave…
I found this wall treatment at The Stories of A to Z a while back ago and have fallen in love with it. I love how simple it is but gives texture and whimsy to what would be just another painted wall.
The correspondence between dozens of climate-change researchers, including many in the U.S., illustrates bitter feelings among those who believe human activities cause global warming toward rivals who argue that the link between humans and climate change remains uncertain.
I went to the store and bought $30 in veggies and another $15 on rice, turkey wieners and tuna. Tomorrow I’m starting a different type of diet, one that limits fat and carbs and sugars. But for now, I survived the zombie invasion, and managed to exist for three months. There will be a follow up post but now…there are some veggies waiting for a party in my belly.
* The last contest will be posted Sunday April 29th, however I will keep the contests open until May 1st.
Man in his variety of beliefs and experiences, cannot be expected to conform to just one standardized view on modesty. An individual whose life has been spent in a brothel and another whose life has been spent in a Mosque may not have the same understanding of decency. In fact, it will be greatly biased and unfair to expect them to. How then is a woman expected to fulfill such contrasting criterions of modesty?
10/27/2007 76.29
Sate Tegal
The shops were closed, the fast food outlets were pulling down the shutters, taxi drivers congregated on the corners, hoping for passengers.
Question 3:
this goes on for almost five minutes
A book that melds memoir with fiction, folk tale with fantasy, Sadulaev's account of the conflict in Chechnya doesn't fit into any easy categories and is all the more exciting for it. It may not be consistent but the early sections in particular are stunning in the way they weave Chechen myth with personal testimony to create something that manages to be grand and specific at the same time. Infused with the guilt of a man who wasn't there when things were at their worst, Sadulaev uses his creativity instead to speak on behalf of a people and give voice to a conflict the like of which all too easily passes us by on the ticker tape of rolling news.
She hated these yearly reviews at the family court house. The building was meant to look cheery with the flowers and bright colored banners out in front, but she never saw it as cheery in all the years she had been coming there. This was where all her sins were laid bare year after year. Would she never out live that day so long ago?
"I'm drunk. I deserve to have fun," I said to myself.
Okay, the second quote that struck me was this:
In other knitting news I have misplaced my knitting bag with the 'for me knit' enclosed. If you find it, please send it home. For more crafty spaces around the globe, grab a cuppa and enjoy.
The sun broke through the clouds just as the couple was exchanging rings. I couldn't believe it. I don't think anyone else could either, after the rainy day. But the couple had faith. It will serve them well long after that walk down the aisle.
3 lbs of boneless skinless dark meat chicken, cut into chunks
Are you feeling overwhelmed? Physical, mental and emotional exhaustion got you down? Are shame and doubt your new best friends? Have you developed so much cynicism and callousness that one could interpret it as, an attitude? Does failure, helplessness and crisis haunt your waking moments and your dreams? Stay clam, what you are experiencing are the early stages of burn out and there are ways to help cope and get you through.
“Thank you.” He replied and smiled, displaying his dimples.
“Most people appreciate the calls,” Kennon said. “But sometimes I do sense people are overwhelmed with life at the moment, so I’ll be brief and just tell them I’m here when they need me. We are not all ready to change. And if it’s not self-motivated, it’s not going to happen.”
...skip whenever possible...
Snack: None
Aomei Partition Assistant Home Edition – It can create, convert, hide, format, delete, wipe, resize, copy, split, merge, and move partitions, including altering existing partitions without data loss or corruption, on hard drives, flash drives, and similar storage devices. It works in Windows 2000, XP, Vista, and 7, both 32-bit and 64-bit editions.
He helped me in the process, it was chaotic like many other times where the cops were involved. But I finally succeeded!
“The security guard’s life was endangered,” he announced.
Because even watchdogs have to rest sometimes, the Writer Beware blog will be taking a break over the holiday season. Unless there's a really juicy publishing story, we'll be on hiatus until the new year. (We'll still be answering email, so if you want to reach us, drop us a
Try not to go for any longer than three hours between eating. Just a small snack will do the trick helping the keep blood sugars elevated and cravings at bay. Have an oatcake topped with ham and hummus, a low fat yogurt mixed with fresh blueberries or a piece of fruit. Alternatively, go for a handful of nuts. Researchers at Purdue University have found that when people added peanuts to their daily diets, they ate less considerably less during meal times.
You celebrate and embrace change. Out with the old, and in with the new!
“Well he says you did 'cause I fuckin' asked 'im! And you know the friendly way he talks, he said: yeah, I told Shane... he knew!”
That heavy thud against her thigh,
From the beginning of time we have been communicating … or at least trying to. Forget the men vs women issue; that’s an entirely separate blog! In its earliest forms, communication was in the form of cave drawings. As “technology” began to develop ancient civilizations began writing on parchment in the form of scrolls. Jumping ahead in time the telegraph came into being and then the telephone which in turn brought about facsimile (fax) machines. And let’s not forget about pagers and cell phones and certainly not the Citizens Band (CB) radios … “Breaker- Breaker good buddy”
‘I’m not going anywhere, Fezariu,’ Jessamine said, seizing her son’s arm and dragging him towards the front door. Fezariu tried to loosen her grip but could not overcome his inferior strength. ‘I want you to leave, Fezariu. I don’t want you here.’
If you compare the two running sequences you'll see how much up-and-down movement there is in the cat spine as opposed to the horse spine. Also the cat spine changes shape a lot more dramatically than the horse spine. Cats and dogs have spines that curl and uncurl (or squash and stretch if you prefer) as they run.
I like to think I can hold my on and debate in a reasoned manner, even if very passionate about a topic as I’ve matured I came to realise shouting loudest doesn’t make me right, I like to think that it was my youth that used to get me into trouble (raised eyebrow).
The biggest obstacle Ms. Johansson had to face in this movie was in being labelled the ‘eye-candy’. As the only card-carrying female Avenger, she has a lot of responsibility to the female fans not to let the side down. Luckily, she has the most complex and morally ambiguous character of them all.
The Communist Party doesn’t exist anymore, but memories of occupation, oppression and persecution do. And I know for certain that many former Communists are just as appalled by this new wave of fascism as you and me. And they are leaving the remnants of the Communist party (some 4-6 minor political factions) in great numbers. Unfortunately, they have no other party to join.
So I want to ask you
But Fifi wanted me there. She kept following me, and literally got up to follow me out of the laundry room as she was delivering a kitten!. I stayed right beside her for the entire 4 hours it took her to birth 5 babies.
As a result, as many as 35 new Hindi films entailing investments of over Rs 200 crore of investments will now be able to hit screens soon. These include Yashraj Film’s New York starring Katrina Kaif and John Abraham, Kaminay (Shahid Kapoor, Priyanka Chopra), Kambakht Ishq, Life Partner and Sikander, among others.
9) Think about heat exposure
Name: Givmo.com
Want 3 cute patterns? Ok! You got'm!
Brekkie at Hive Beach café on the Sunday, before taking Tania to Dorchester station – sitting outside in the sunshine, listening to the crashing of the waves...then walking on the beach and marveling at the cliffs. It was a wedding anniversary - I got home, knackered, to a huge bunch of flowers, and supper cooking...lucky me.
“Okay,” the older man consented, hoping to urge the conversation on. “There is no easy way to say what I’ve got to say, so I’ll just come out with it, shall I?”
Historical novelist Laurie Calkhoven was featured all over the web this week. See Clara Gillow Clark's series of interviews with Laurie, March 10th interview and her March 16th interview as well as Laurie's Inside the Writer's Studio interview with me this last Wednesday. And for those of us who can't get enough of Laurie and her Boys at War series, here is the cover for the next book in the series, Michael at the Invasion of France, 1943.
*Family
– Terrence slumbers in the ashes of Berlin.
Forgetting their pain, thinking only of Him, praying for each other, and those who stayed behind in the darkness.
Hubby wanted to try a meaty pizza, so we ordered the Tommassi Speciale. I would have preferred the Bianca Formaggio, which was their bestseller, but we had another voucher anyway, so we’ll just try that next time.
You know, it's one thing about intellectuals,
left field - this is a baseball term like 'step up to the plate' which is what we all do nowadays. 'Left field' means that it's a bit heterodox, a bit of a surprise intervention. It can be used to dampen down divergent thinking or to praise it. It can be related to off the wall which seems to mean a bit crazy as well as being a bit 'left field'. Interesting that these descriptions are all about place. Left field off the wall is probably 'far out' (sixties hippy term that seems to have died along with 'come over to my pad'.
Pretty much up until my second session.
‘rent not own’
The colors of Vishnu’s Temple.
To him, there were monsters in the woods. The Grimm's Fairy tales were still real. Some of us had learned to suppress our fear with bravado and logic. He wasn't able to do that yet. I put my arm around him and told him it would by OK. I knew what he felt like. Only a few months before I might have been him.
Meanwhile, he experiences various pressures - most notably from his father, Luigi (Luigi Maria Burruano), who becomes desperate, even violent, in his attempts to shut Peppino up. Once again, we have that feeling of seeing the personal through a prism of the political: Luigi is much like any other father who feels himself rebelled against, shut out and alienated by his son. His despair is so painful and so authentically private: no one, especially Peppino himself, can see quite how much his father suffers. There's a telling scene early in the film when Peppino is imprisoned with other demonstrators and is there heckled for being a wimpy "son of the mafia" - just in that moment, Luigi comes barrelling in with the policeman to get Peppino released. The son's humiliation before his peers, and his resentment towards his father (who was helping him!), is terribly palpable. This comes into play towards the end again when, following Luigi's death, Peppino is warned that the only thing keeping him from the mafia's hit list was his father. It's a universal tragedy - filial resentment and rebellion, parental sacrifice and self-pity - played out in the most volatile of settings.
A Cohousing community enables people of different generations and backgrounds to share their experiences, provide residents with a safety net and share a sense of family. These communities are created to encourage the extended family and neighbors helping neighbors.
You’re probably thinking right about now that I am a bit kooky, or reading into Scripture. You may feel that the quoted Scriptures are metaphorical language which I’m taking too literally. I don’t think so – and I’ll tell you why.
I used stickers a lot way back when, wasn't very keen on my colouring! Then one of my early attempts with Promarkers:
This recipe is also perfectly timed for Passover which starts this Friday night, so if you're celebrating Passover--or just want another Flourless Chocolate Cake recipe, this one is terrific--and easy! What is the 'crowning' touch on this recipe, though, is the sauce... a warm rum sauce that sinks into the rich dark cake, giving it a unique moistness and taste. The recipe for the cake is adapted from Tyler Florence of the Food Network. It's his Cracked Chocolate Earth Flourless Chocolate Cake. The Rum Butter Sauce is from the Jr. League Centennial Cookbook that accompanies a 'floured' Cake. Works well with the Flourless one. All I can say is YUM!
"Power tends to corrupt, and absolute power corrupts absolutely. Great men are almost always bad men." John Emerich Edward Dalberg Acton, first Baron Acton (1834–1902).
Brown boots - Belk's (Black Friday purchase 2011 for $19.99)
I've been working in the garden today, adding mulch to all the beds to clean things up and hopefully deter some of the weeds that seem to flourish in our garden. Before my husband had a chance to pull them all, I took some photos of the dandelions in their various stages of development so that I could play with the tutorial Kim gave us in Beyond Layers this week. Now all I need to do is to figure out how to slow it down so it's not quite so dizzying to look at.
collectors and galleries (and anyone else who loves art).
“Fans have been clamoring for an official manga-dedicated app from the moment they heard of the iPad’s existence. It’s easy to see how manga and the iPad make for a perfect and natural fit. The VIZ MANGA APP is a great start, and this is just the beginning of manga’s brave new world. Look for plenty more developments to come.”
Come on! I can buy a can of diesel fuel at the Sunoco station, a bag of fertilizer at the Agway, and The Anarchist Cookbook off Amazon. I can buy a gun (we get constant wrong numbers for a local gunshop), I can buy everything I need to cook up crystal meth (or so they tell me), I can buy a tank of propane, I can buy cigarettes, I can buy an aluminum baseball bat, I have bought long kitchen knives. Compared to this stuff, what is so damned dangerous about a bottle of merlot that the state has to control my access to it?
It was really something. The man has such an amazing presence, he's so inspired and purely good and smart and happy. And he's a big ol' goofball.
we don’t even need to go shoppin..
Somehow, I didn't inherit the competitive impulse at all. I've supported a WI Area competition a few times with jam and lemonade and so on (I was particularly pleased with 19/20 for my lemonade as it was the first time I'd ever made it) and the village competitions, making a scarecrow with Ro one year (we won with the Reverend Paul Pitt) but otherwise I'm not really interested. I enjoy judging though - as most of you know, I've been asked for several years to judge the home economics classes at Denton show and I take that on very conscientiously.
Cece’s eyes shot open, his hand at her back stilled. “Wait Tar! I’ll come out to get it. Don’t come in…I’m…I’m…err.. I’m not dressed!”
and don't worry, I found something to wear! at a yard sale! more about it later.
This argument, which is subtly different from the harm prevention argument, provides some justification for attempt liability. The second premise would be supported by the deterrence-based reasoning that I outlined in the two preceding paragraphs.
XML is a markup language that helps you to define and use tags to describe content.
Fossils have long been considered evidence for evolution, but how does evolution explain the finding of sea creatures on tops of mountains? Only the flood accurately describes that:
Commissioner William Elliott, a career Ottawa bureaucrat appointed to lead the force three years ago, has frequently vowed to make his force more “progressive.” He claims to have changed the composition of the force somewhat, but figures show the Mounties' ranks are still only 20 per cent female, 7 per cent visible minority and 7 per cent aboriginal.
After leading the fight for state constitutional amendments against gay marriage, Christian fundamentalists are now trying to make it harder to get divorced in Virginia.
the answer to all your
This cute pin was designed by Annette E. Martin and I had found it over on our demonstrator board. I fell in love with it, so I found a pair of the DH old blue jeans and made this pin, isn't it too cute?
One indication of Estrada’s voter appeal in Manila is his performance in the city during the 2010 presidential polls. Aquino received 298,217 votes in the country’s capital city while Estrada placed second with 214,517 votes. Administration candidate Gilbert Teodoro placed a distant third with 72,521. See the complete congressional canvass results for that year’s presidential elections here.
I shall desire you of more acquaintance, good Master Cobweb: if I cut my finger, I shall make bold with you. Your name, honest gentleman?
Me: "The restaurant only has two sizes, small and large. We don't have any medium cups."
I mention this because both sides of my paternal family have some pretty tough mottos and have had some tough and strong people living them. My mother’s family have never been slouches when it came to stick-to-it thinking. They were real rebel rousers, literally, in the 1700’s in this country. Not particularly liked by the crown during the revolution. But they fought for what they believed in and very much a part of making this country free and independent. Two went on to be presidents—a father and son duo. Hey, we predated the Bush family by several generations, lol!
Live near Oxford Mississippi? Then head out to the Oxford Conference for the Book this weekend. I'll be doing a presentation on Friday and a panel on Saturday.
I then cut the front layers by using pattern paper and the negative from the first bag cut as a template where to place my pattern paper. After that was cut, I hand trimmed all the pieces 1/4 inch smaller and glued them onto the bag. I cut the cherries from Hello Kitty Greeting's and stamped the faces with Peachy Keen's Cornie's Faces. The tag was cut from Winter Frolic and I attached it to the bag with some decorative fiber. To finish I added a strip of lace to the bottom of the bag, added a ribbon handle, and added a layered flower to the center flap with a brad. I also added a velcro dot to the flap to close the bag and the sentiment was stamped from Whimsical Designs Whimsical Fun Vol. 1.
Tante Lillian’s missals and the portrait
As you can tell this is one page turning book that you can't put down because you just want to know what happens in the end!
“I currently tend to be more on guard, and intervene between my child and another child in a public setting. This is due to twice where an unknown parent in a public playground setting has confronted me as a parent on my child's play being unsafe or rough.”
fire produces from its small
3. Add the mushrooms and cook until slightly softened.
Now, on to the SECOND part of my February Giveaway! If you are interested in getting your little hands on the prize packages below, please leave me a nice comment on THIS blog post and become a follower of my blog (if you aren't already). You have until February 28th to enter. I will draw TWO new winners on February 29th.
Coffee
- Harold Nicolson
The list goes on.
In addition to tasting a few ales, we will be creating our first attempt at a salad dressing made from a Framboise Beer. Start with a saute of onion and garlic, deglaze with the Framboise beer, salt,sugar, rice and white vinegar. Mixed green salad, purple onion, feta cheese and walnuts. Good salad, needs more beer in dressing for a stronger raspberry flavor.
Sift the flour to a bowl. Make a pit in the flour, add salt, butter or oil, sour cream (optional) and the egg. Gradually, add water, Turn the dough out on a floured board and knead the dough till it becomes soft and flexible (about 10 minutes).
6. What would you like to have in 2010 that you lacked in 2009?
In the end, Drago is defeated and likely faces death/torture/material dispossession/stern frowning at the hands of his government.
Of course, once he mentioned throwing up, I should have immediately told him, "Then you're definitely going to school! I don't want you to throw up HERE!" Instead, I asked, "Why do you want to stay home? Do you have an assignment due today or something?"
That is why I create.
The human mind “is a factory for processing metaphors.” — China Mieville
As a consequence, Grant County—like many resource dependent rural communities—is struggling with loss of jobs and local businesses and wealth, and generally declining community vitality. The problems are mainly due to forces beyond their control, such as globalization and economic restructuring, the dominance of the industrialized commodity production model, and changing societal demands for agricultural and natural resource products.
Embossing Folder: Cuttlebug Swissdots
There were apostles before Paul. The valid apostleship, we glean from here (and in 1 Corinthians), is one that comes by a direct call from God and revelation from or of Jesus.
We of the Galactic Federation are ready to meet you, and indeed in certain circumstances contact has been made in recent times on many occasions. Some would appear as random meetings, but others have been purposely arranged to give your leaders an opportunity to bring peace to the world. Many times we have offered to broker peace for you, but those who wield the power have preferred to carry on with their plan for your enslavement. However, you the people have called to God, asking for release from your dark masters and it has been answered in no uncertain way. As a result you face the end of the cycle with Ascension, instead of the collapse of your civilization. The prospect of it rising up with Mother Earth is a unique achievement, especially as you will do so whilst in your physical bodies. Many other civilizations are attracted to your Earth because of it, and it will be a spectacle that will make a lasting impression. We ourselves will get a grandstand view and be present to ensure a happy and joyful conclusion. From thereon you will commence a new stage in your evolution, one that will be quite different to what you are familiar with now. All the gifts of God will be bestowed upon you, as you take your place amongst the enlightened souls who are true beings of Light and Love.
The temperatures have dropped again. Yesterday I worked outside in my parka and knit gloves!
Bachmann: the CIA doesn’t torture people and
After opening it, I discovered why it was carefully hidden in the storeroom: All the warranty seals were broken and all other sorts of impossible things happened to the magic bits inside: somebody obviously tampered with it.
As to whether SMART TV is alive and well, no-one even knows. Though it is SMART TV customer care I called, I instinctively addressed my issue as a SKYY PLUS problem -- and rightly so. This, despite the fact that I was told last week that SMART TV is "still there".
William J. Cobb
And some of the stuff doesn't even make sense. Take a look at this one, for example, a change that was added to the infamous "case law" section of the malt beverage sales part of the Code in 1996:
The fees will increase from the current $60 for an unlimited number of activities to $120 for the first activity, $80 for the second and $60 for each subsequent activity, with no cap on how much each student or family could pay.
The Gold was no match at all for the cheddar, disappearing under the cheddar cheesiness with barely a murmur. The Red threw out some interesting sweet flavours to contrast with the sourness, but again the cheddar flavours just shouted the beer down. The Red's fizz did a great job of clearing my palate afterwards, however. The big winner was the IPA, doing that sweet-and-sour thing with gusto: a delicious blend of soda-pop sugariness (the sort you might find in a quince jelly) and bitter-yet-creamy cheese notes. Magic.
Doe Maar Doris Day NL
Melting Stones is my last Tamora Pierce book, at least until (or if) White Tiger ever comes (I ordered it almost a month ago, and its currently slated to arrive in May, it’s arrival has been delayed once already). Despite it being on shelves all over for quite some time (since 2008) it’s only had a home on mine since January. I would have bought it a long long time ago, had it not been about who it’s about. Of all the students met in the Circle Opens quartet Tamora Pierce had to write about Evvy, by far my least favorite. I never picked it up, I didn’t really care all that much about Evvy, or her life without Briar.
The sales are winding down, so I thought I'd get this "last chance" post out before it's too late! The girl who didn't go to a sale in 5 yrs is about to take you on a trip. Oh yes, me, lady who knows SHIT, has done the unthinkable:
Here’s a list of the questions I think are most important when interviewing an agent. But you are the only person who can decide what’s important to you.
Anyway, here's some incentives to whet your appetite:
Good morning and welcome to this week's challenge at MAWTT.
Jonathan’s medal was definitely the best part of the experience, but watching from the corner was huge fun in itself. The energy and excitement are nothing like being in the seats, and the atmosphere of enjoyment is much different. Evidently it continued into the night – as we left the rink, we saw that it was outfitted with colored lights and Meatloaf (Paradise By The Dashboard Light) blasting from the speakers, and people were dancing (and drinking) and seemed set up to keep the party going for who-knows-how-long.
For the most part, I consider myself quite lucky to have been blessed with the co-workers I have. I've had the opportunity to get to know a couple of them pretty well in the last couple months, and it is really nice to work with people that I get along with, both English staff and Korean staff. On Sunday, I spent some time with some of these co-workers. I went to Gyeongbokgung with my friends, Nate, Maeve, Monica and Min-hee.
(Note: symptoms are typically linked to Wikipedia articles when possible. I do not endorse any treatments listed in the articles and other links. Consult your doctor and nutritionist.)
Oh, snap. Lede graf burn.
1/2 cup xylitol (or sugar sub of your choice)
Magic Chef Cooking, 1938
Or maybe I do. More likely, he’s embarrassed to admit that he did it himself. That’s what adults do. We lie because the truth is too difficult to face. That’s what sophistication is all about. Being able to make yourself look good at the expense of others. That’s how we get on in this world.
The fact of the matter is that the UAF lie to gain support because their numbers are diminishing rapidly. The MDL lie because that’s what their Quran tells them to do in non-Islamic lands, which Islam calls ‘land of war’. Members of their community are allowed to lie, cheat and steal to benefit themselves. But the wall they have run into here is that having resources like the Internet and Scotland Yard at our disposal. We can give the British public what they deserve: the truth.
I shouldn't have driven back to Syracuse after the Benadryl though. Future reference.
Perceptions are all about how we view things, how we interweave our memories from past experiences, what we have been told and learned from others and therefore judge ourselves and others. Simply speaking it is where it all begins.
So final rating? Three out of five jokers for me AKA just a bit BNorth from the middle of the road. It could have been three and a half or maybe four if they hadn't fucked with the tempo in the wrong way, but hey, it's watchable. So if you need to be stressed and 100% satisfied for 75% of a movie, then by all means. Check it out. I just know that I won't buy it on DVD or need to watch it a second time.
1). THE COMPASSION OF JESUS. The word that is used for compassion in the New Testament is the Greek word splagchna, It is the word used to describe the deep innermost part of a person; the heart, the lungs, the liver, and the intestines. These were thought by the Greeks to be the seat of the emotions. The word stands for the emotion that moves a person from the very depths of his or her being.
In creating the photo project I was forced to attend to the ethical responsibilities required by complex environments. I had to search for non copyrighted images to put into the image project and still find a way to site them within the project. This helped me to understand that you cannot always go on the internet and save and use whatever you want because copyright infringement is very real. The chapter that I connected with the most in completing this project is New Media Reader Chapter 7: The “Cut Up” Method of William Bourroughs. In composing this image slide show we had to find pictures and edit them so that they would have meaning to the specific quote we chose and it embodied the very concept of the chapter: being able to find something, manipulate it and make it your own with a completely new meaning. I plan on improving on this by finding other sources for non copyrighted material.
Josephine or Francesca are engaged!!!!!!!
Back later….
Preliminarily, one must hear how the outrage is being verbalized and take a close look into those allegations. The outrage is expressed along primarily has three lines – firstly, that public funds could be better utilized for development work, second, the sheer impropriety of erecting statues to oneself during one’s lifetime and third, that this does nothing for the Dalits whose cause Mayawati professes to espouse.
Mid-Atlantic states averaged a return of 56.6 percent and East North Central states (Illinois, Indiana, Michigan, Ohio, and Wisconsin) recouped an average of 55.3 percent. West North Central states (Iowa, Kansas, Minnesota, Missouri, Nebraska, North Dakota and South Dakota) saw the least amount of return, with 49.5 percent.
Alright kids, till next time!
In 2012 I would Like to
(DON'T LOOK THOSE UP.)
I go from powdery smells (Chanel 5 mi amor and Sensuous) to flowery scents.
In socialist society there will be no social stigma attaching to any kind of work. Nor will there be pressures, such as exist at present, to continue - because they are cheap and therefore profitable to the capitalist -industrial processes which are harmful or dangerous to those engaged in them. In any event, with human needs and enjoyment as the guiding principle, there will be no need for anybody to be tied to the same job continuously. The opportunities for men ands women to develop and exercise their talents and to enjoy doing so will be immense.
Haaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa!!
If you could trade places with anyone, living or dead, for one day...who would it be? Most of us have probably heard that question at one time and have given it some thought. I never knew how to answer it until I had Sam. Now there's no doubt in my mind that it would be my little 3 year old daughter that I would trade places with. I know her better than anyone else does, but in many ways she's a mystery to me. I would love to see how things work in her brain....what she thinks, what she understands, what the world looks like through her eyes. I know that you never know exactly what the experience of another human being is, but with my older 2 kids I feel like I have more to go on...they react to the world similar to the way that I do, and they can tell me about their feelings and experiences. I feel that if I understood more about the ways in which Sam's brain works that I could be a much better parent to her....I could understand more about what she needs and what would help her to learn.
Milwaukee was one of the cities Mr. Fitzgerald — and others in the region — targeted for nonstop service after he took office in January. He has vowed to work to bring more service to Pittsburgh International, which has lost hundreds of flights over the last decade as a result of US Airways cutbacks.
So, be dangerous! Our God enables you to be dangerous to the Enemy. He rescued you so you could do just that. Today you leave boot camp. Today you join the war. Today you make your declaration to the Enemy: You will stand. You will stand with the weapon your commanding officer has provided.
It really is simply amazing, and I own nothing even remotely like it. I was afraid that it wouldn't work on my skintone, but I truly ended up loving it. The formula was flawless - very easy to control, full coverage in two coats. Total love.
In the spacious dining room of the Major Seminary of the Chicago Archdiocese at Mundelein, Illinois, a huge oil painting covers the entire west wall. This work of art shows much blue sky and a roadway. At the curbside, some people are standing, others sitting – all looking at someone or some thing not shown in the painting. A long shadow falls across the road.
Although midwives sign an undertaking to complete a medication course within 18 months of being eligible, there is no university with an approved course for midwives. One member is doing the Nurse Practitioner course in Pharmacology from Flinders, SA, with the hope that that will be acceptable as an equivalent. However Victorian legislation needs to be amended before midwives are able to prescribe.
Snacking on toasted melon seeds from crumpled paper bags
The two armed officers slowly escorted Olivia past the loading dock to a door. When they arrived at the door, one of the officers spoke into the intercom.
rockerfeller used it nd he too became a
Dirda, Michael. “John Dickson Carr (1906-1977).” In Mystery and Suspense Writers: The Literature of Crime, Detection, and Espionage, edited by Robin W. Winks, vol. 1: 113-129. New York: Charles Scribner’s Sons, 1998.
But first let me tell you about the challenge for the card on my blog today. The challenge came from Jeanette and was as follows: "Who loves a secret? I know I do! Let's have a secret ONE-WORD challenge. This is how it will work. Each Calendar Girl will come up with a one-word challenge for the Calendar Girl who follows her on the list. It can only be ONE WORD, but it can be any word (glitter, three, apple, blue, holiday, sponging, friendship.... whatever word you choose!) Then secretly email or PM that ONE WORD challenge to the next person on the list and she will create a card that in some way represents that word." I received my word from Michelle and my secret word was....
A.: The notion for a novel using Byron, Shelley, and Keats as central characters has been with me for a long time, but I didn’t begin writing So Shelly until May of 2007 after three other novels failed to find representation. Shelly was placed with my agent within six weeks of beginning the querying process in August of 2009. I agreed to a two-book deal with my publisher on October 1 of that same year, and it is finally reaching bookstore shelves in February of 2011. In total, it’s been just under four years.
Isn't it time for trademark practitioners to demand that the USPTO and the TTAB crack down on these practices? I suggest that your complaints be sent to the USPTO, the TTAB, and/or the Trademark Public Advisory Committee (TPAC). [The members of TPAC are listed at page 3 of its 2005 Annual Report.]
I'm making obatzda, and soft mini pretzels, and soft pretzel sticks, and we've got sausages out the hoo-ha (from Werner's, of course), plus a bunch of different kinds of mustard. I'm even attempting my Great-Grandmother's German Potato Salad recipe for the first time. I'm hoping to make Lena proud, but am expecting to be a little disappointed. Nobody made it like Lena.
gently brushed their lips against each other . His lips were so soft and
Swanson-like to say
8. What is the first perfume you ever purchased/wore?
When you embrace humanity in its broken condition,
What is becoming plain in our discussion is that in making his claims, de Wesselow has done very little first-hand research himself. His contribution has to be to gather up the work of others, re-examine past investigations (he draws heavily on the digging done by British author, Ian Wilson, a key figure before the carbon-dating tests, now living in retirement in Australia), and then tease out new conclusions. He is, essentially, taking existing pieces of a jigsaw and assembling them in a new and startling pattern.
Later in the day, while Mr. Man and Baby Guy were napping, Beanie had wandered off to see if she could build a cave for her Care Bears with her Lincoln Logs, and Bugaboo was slumped on the couch, pouting a little because I would not let her go back outside to play until her brothers awoke. Wanting to avoid a mutiny that would wake the wee guys anyway, I asked her if she would like to do a craft. Thanks to Grandma, we have a ridiculously large supply of foam craft kits in the house, and Bugaboo loves to assemble the little projects. For the record, glue dots are the greatest innovation in the history of children’s crafts. Thoughtful girl that she is, she decided not to use the magnets that came with the kit; after scrutinizing their size, she advised me, “No, Mommy, I don’t think those magnets are a good idea. Mr. Man likes to pick those off, and they look small enough for Baby Guy to swallow. Can we save them for something we’re going to give to Grandma or Grandpa? I want to keep these to play with my Strawberry Shortcakes.”
Yet there's more here than just that: some characters search for truth, beauty and salvation through art, philosophy, and religion, providing readers with a vicarious struggle for survival and even dignity that's rare to experience in most contemporary fiction. In Narcopolis, Thayil aspires to explore one of the most trenchant challenges of our age (or any age, I suppose): the quest for transcendence amid the squalor and degeneracy of a near-apocalyptic urban landscape. If you can stomach the horrors therein, you will certainly emerge both troubled and enriched.
“Leinesanden (The Leine Sand/ Leine Beach) is said to have been the place where «St. Olaf» (Olaf II Haraldsson, Olav Den Hellige) tried to violently force christianity upon the inhabitants of Vang (Vang Commune). When «St. Olaf» forced the new faith upon the people of Norway, he & his fellow christian men mutilated or murdered those who refused to accept the new god, and in some cases they also stole people’s property, so that they could fully comprehend the greatness of Jesus Christ (later on Christianity also stole pre-christian celebrations such as christmas & easter).”
None of this is SO bad, but it is just a reminder that real food, like real life, can be complicated, and that planning ahead is critical!
I’m not thrilled to have just taken on a canine companion. As I said, I don’t like the things. I just felt sorry for it. Surely I can find somebody along the way that can take it off my hands. Well, that is good timing now, isn’t it? A group of people are just up ahead. Excuse me, would any of you like to buy a dog?
If necessary, 1 cup hot tea, or ¼ cup Armagnac plus ¼ cup water for soaking liquid
The world may say
The point is that the far left, and the SWP, hasn’t even got anti-anti-Semitism to differentiate itself from the Nazis. Take my point about anti-Semitic Jews again. Take the example of the communist and half-Jewish radical Ruth Fischer. What did this commie think of the Jews? This:
Godspeed was once fueled by lies. Now it is ruled by chaos. It’s been three months. In that time, Amy has learned to hide who she is. Elder is trying to be the leader he’s always wanted to be. But as the ship gets more and more out of control, only one thing is certain: They have to get off the ship. (Goodreads)
Nuts and cranberries
Here's a video of the World Trade Center in 1990.
“It was no journal. It was a freaking scorecard.”
Dale adds: “Because we’re independent, we’ve got a freedom in choosing what wines we have on offer without anyone telling us what we should be selling. It’s all about great quality wine.”
Note: I will often make and post reviews on this blog, all of which are of Gamecube games. Most reviews will be for GC exclusives, but some will be just for games that either ran better on the Gamecube, or were important to its history.
Race: H
Speaking of things you don't admit too...
I have a theory, I walked down the driveway to check the mail, and through them some apples off of the tree. Bad idea, I think the apples are fermented, hmmm. No wonder they gave her a belly ache. duh.
Claire, on the other hand, is having a more difficult adjustment. On Monday she sobbed like her heart was broken at drop-off, reaching for me and crying with tears rolling down her cheeks, screaming "mama mama, no mama, no mama". I got to the car and said "fuck" about 6 times in a row with tears pricking my eyes before I could drive the 6 blocks to my office, where I sat in the parking garage for about 10 more minutes before I felt I could go upstairs and smile and laugh and introduce myself to 50 new people. Dropping off a sobbing child just flat out fucking sucks and there is nothing I can do to spin it more positively. Each day has been the same- I actually made JP drop her off today, even though he has to drive downtown right past by building to do it, because I needed a day off from the emotional trauma. The good news is, of course, she has a great day and is extremely happy and smiley (and busy!) when I pick her up. We really like the teachers and the director and Claire already has many fans, so I'm hoping she'll adjust soon.
I worked out 4 days this week. Haven’t been sleeping well, so I gave in last night and just went to bed instead of working out. Regretting it already.
14. So Glad You're Mine
And there, free and yet fast,
As it's a rainy, windy day, here's a picture of the gatehouse at Lanhydrock - in summer climes.
Exodus 3:13-14
It means that, as popular and commonly accept as abortion and embryonic stem cell research are . . I have to say its murder. God forms life, and I have no right to take away what God forms. To pretend otherwise would be like for me to join in with the masses who believed Hitler was a good ruler. As offensive as that might sound to people, it is the reality of my faith. The Bible tells me that all people have value because God breathed life into the first human, and God loved us enough to die for us. If I was to disregard the life of a child just because I don’t have to see the body parts dumped into a trash bag, or just because the little girl or boy is in the very first stage of life, I would be no better than anyone who saw the truth about Hitler and sanctioned him because it was the most peaceable thing to do.
All the more stunning is how eager the Believers in these churches are to get things resolved quickly and quietly (or swept under the rug), so that they can get back to business as usual.
Her eyes clouded and she looked away. “You know the way they treated me. Like I’d done something to betray my country.”
Next, upstairs. The world famous miniatures hall. It's like a hobby wet dream. The studio NMM Sanguinor? He's there. RTB01 Marines through to 3 ups of the latest sculpts? They're there. Classic Mike Mcvey dioramas? They're there. Studio Revenant Titan, Warhound Titan, Chaos Dragon? They're there. Selected Golden Deamon winners? They're all there!!
Growin' Up 3:05
In a bowl, beat together eggs, sugar, salt and vanilla.
She groaned.
Every sunset is different. Every minute of a sunset is different. So this week I will share the many colorful skies I have been so fortunate to photograph.
is a former dodger who went on to the big apple for both the mets and yankees. here he is in shea stadium which at times looks like dodger stadium which was by design as i understand it.
Love is a Miracle,
1. A Hummer on a flat bed tow truck, and it was all kinds of wrecked up. I'd hate to see the car it hit, but this one was going to the Hummer Graveyard. Hah fucking hah!
45.Tap your feet. Tapping your feet indicates boredom, so unless you are trying to drop a not-so-subtle hint, then make sure to keep your feet still.
–Even When, Tim Drisdelle (time for an Itunes visit!)
Although, as Yorkshiremen would say, “Newt’s all mouth and no trousers”, meaning he’s bombast without substance.
Paul presents this illustration in hopes of answering the objection in verse 35. He hopes via the illustration that they will come to appreciate why asking about the body was unreasonable. He is showing conclusively that the body is not the object of the resurrection. Verse 38 doesn’t damage our position at all, because the SEED is not the body, it is numerically different. Per Jesus, it is the soul. Remember, in regard to Jesus’ resurrection, he said it was his “soul” that would not be left in Hades.
In my case, my family is not really on board with me. Well, my husband is. My daughter is kinda sorta... but my son really dislikes this lifestyle. That's perfectly fine by me. My take on it is, I'm doing this for me right now. I'm leading by example, and I know that the good example I'm setting will eventually rub off on them. I know in my gut, that all of them will eventually understand and appreciate this lifestyle and will join me.
Russian women continue looking abroad for marriage, family, and child-raising, because -- frankly speaking -- Russian men are not reliable, and Russia is no place to raise a child. What really matter are job security, crime-free cities, family life and health, and in all these yardsticks Russia is slipping. I won’t go into the dismal life expectancy for men or the crime stats, but Russia has a major problem. It is a real concern when wealthy Russians start packing up their bags and settle abroad.
This is the first fiction feature from writer/director Cyril Mennegun who previously made documentaries. He gives “Louise” a gritty realism as the title character struggles to survive. She changes clothes standing outside her car or in rooms she is supposed to clean. Working as a maid, she has been late because of “car trouble”. Louise is divorced and her possessions have been seized by the bailiff until payment.
The above quote is true to those who believe in working hard towards their dreams and earning every bit of their success. But seldom do we see such individuals who stand tall on their rightfully earned success, wealth, adoration, respect, and all that which comes along with these.
I’ve also noticed this about the Fast series and glad it got a mentioned here. My Masters thesis was on the depiction of Asian Americans in American film and televisions so this issues is obviously close to me and I’m glad to see if getting some traction by the media…
Should there be an age limit for televised talent contests?
Polls have consistently found that 90% or more American Catholics use birth control in defiance of Catholic dogma…I suppose the Pope is worried that there won’t be enough little Catholic babies to take up the slack. Catholics are responsible, at least in part, for the overpopulation of the earth.
– Brian
1 3/4 cups cake flour
High on the rush of my own success in not crying or passing out while having blood drawn, I headed downstairs to the maternal fetal medicine center to sign in for my nonstress test. The Deuce and I were going to ROCK this! They called me back ahead of schedule, but David showed up just in time.
My host warns me to keep the revs up when moving off, as first gear is tall and the clutch doesn't fully engage until the end of its reach. Regardless, I almost stall the bike as of course he's right; give it some welly and slowly engage the clutch - the engine, clutch, and gearbox are robust and can handle such abuse.
These two enemies, guilt and fear, are never alone. A third enemy is never far away from the sound of their destruction, and usually arrives just as the other two have done what damage they can to prepare the battlefield for his arrival.
One thing that threw me was the image on the last page – that of the father of the family wearing a soldier’s uniform (this same uniform can be seen hanging beside the bed when the dad is not yet awake at the start of the book). I felt sad to think that while the baby sleeps after a full, happy day, his dad’s ordeal of going to war is just beginning. That image made me go back to the rest of the book to spot other war-related items and, sure enough, there were some clues there I had failed to spot in my first read-through: the mom wearing a hair net, the use of coal, the fact that the oven is not a standard 80′s gas or electric make but something that needed to be stoked!
PLACE: Shopping plaza
I get double presents!
WANT to get exposure to property without having to put all your eggs in one basket and buy property directly? Then, this lesson on real estate investment trusts, or REITs for short, will be of interest.
As with Carucci’s work, and my own work, I can once again see a colour theme and the soft tones running throughout this project. I found that this is something I, personally, did unintentionally, and while I do not know if this is the case with Carucci and David, I am thinking that it is something that needs to be there for a project like this to work.
Outdoor public art is like wallpaper: familiarity breeds visual blinkers. Yet when the art is removed, it is akin to the effect after stripping wallpaper, the “visualscape” is more empty, bare.
If you are new to my shop, I have a little bit of everything… crocheted items like scarves and coffee cozies and hair bows… sewn items like tea wallets and a purse, and a scarf too… we have skull rings too… and a reborn baby doll! So many things to choose from!
She’s lived in the city of Dnepropetrovsk in Ukraine her own life. Today she is going to share with us what an ordinary Ukrainian Big City girl would wear on an ordinary day. Dnepropetrovsk girls like to look pretty, but they are not extremely concerned about what they wear. Alya is no different. She likes skinny jeans and loose tops, or skirts and heels. But let the pictures speak for themselves.
This behemoth seemed huge and doubled as a music venue. Over the years I saw the likes of Duran Duran, The Human League, Madness, Joan Armatrading and Rik Mayall and Ben Elton there. Today it's the Mayflower Theatre and it's where they do panto and ghaslty regional productions of No No Nanette starring Anne Charleston, Patti Boulaye and Peter Polycarpou or Bonnie Langford, Sonia and Gina Yashere doing The Vagina Monologues.
Are we there yet?
-all the usual sewing supplies (sewing machine, scissors, iron etc.)
1. You are an unintelligent and incompetent President.
That doesn’t mean highly religious people don’t give, according to the research to be published in the July 2012 issue of the journal Social Psychological and Personality Science. But compassion seems to drive religious people’s charitable feelings less than it other groups.
Using a food processor with a slicing disc OR a mandolin slice the zucchini and yellow squash into thin rounds. Place slices on paper towel to absorb moisture. You will want a single layer of squash on each towel, yes you'll go through quite a bit. Don't skimp on this step or you will have a watery gratin.
-Sheamus taken to the outside.
Hold the Mayo! HATE mayonnaise, cottage cheese and canned tuna fish.
Morning sounds awakened me from my sleep. The clang of bells and cymbals rang from the various temples that surround the Pushkar Lake. Overhead monkeys screeched from their perches atop the temple cupolas. One large male barked his orders to underling monkeys who stripped green leaves for eating or scampered noisily across loose sheets of corrugated metal used in roofing. Monkeys are literally the top caste of Pushkar.
This aside, Steel Trap is boring, overlong and predictable. Occasional bouts of prettiness can't make up for its lack of imagination, annoying characterisation and rubbish actors. Steel Crap, more like.
In October 2005 I had been fasting Ramadan. Seeking the peace of mind and spirit for what I intended to be my stance against my execution. I had listened to Democracy, Now! Host Amy Goodman had interview Brother Kevin Cooper about the prospect of being killed by the State of California and I remember his saying to the effect that “it’s a sick and twisted practice to expect another human being to participate in his own murder. I will not participate or cooperate…” He described how in California they even expect you to help them find a suitable vein in which to stick you with the needle! I agreed with Brother Kevin Cooper whole heartedly. My course was set. I’d not do anything violent. I’d not try to be provocative. But, I would not participate. I would do non-violent resistance.
The next time I have to pull out Witch’s Thistle, as my finger bleeds, I want Jesus to remind me of the blood He shed for me and thank Him that my thorns are in my garden, and not in my heart!
Love living back in the city, and decide to make it permanent. Buy "Sycamore Home" with plans to do a major remodel, adding a second story, digging out the basement and lots more.
A healthy diet, exercise, vitamin supplements, as well as having peace of mind and a positive outlook can do wonders as we go through each year’s hurdles. One of the areas that we overlook or take for granted is our eyesight. We should include this important part when we do our yearly check up. Or we may encounter a dark future sooner than expected and it is called Glaucoma.
Less than impressive production means these ridiculous lines are bare, out with no place to hide. Even Oleku has its duds: “Too many songs, but mine is latest.”
They say our religious practices are backwards
Thanks mom and dad for watching the kids! Thanks Kristie for taking them and giving my parents a break every now and then. And thank you Mike for an awesome and unforgettable trip. Now I tried to narrow down the pictures as much as possible, but picking the best out of 1500 pictures and video is rather difficult (about 700 of those were taken in the helicopter ride by Mike). I'm sure you won't enjoy them nearly as much as I do.
Linoleic Acid – An essential fatty acid. Used in cosmetics, vitamins. Alternatives: (See alternatives to Fatty Acids.)
3. On The Run 5:47
Pre heat oven to 200C
451120 Hobby, toy, & game stores
So, I think if all else fails, I will go get shipwrecked in the Caribbean. I prefer that to the cold Pacific. No northern oceans for me. I want the warm stuff, and I am afraid of everything in Asia so I may not go there to be marooned and lost.
Ok.. do you think i would be having a TT if I was being treated for cancer!!!
I guess if the world ends tomorrow, it definitely will have deserved it. Thanks to following the norm and being able to get into high positions anywhere in the world. People that make choices that effect all of us. They’re definitely not more intellectually able than most anyone. Yet these people kill the world around us. Why does anyone let them?
(Although it might have instead been the one across the river.)
I thought it was a good trio for a masculine or a kids card.
If you weren't a winner....here's another chance to win some Digistamps 4 Joy images! Welcome to our first challenge on our new blog and the theme is...an Attitude of Gratitude. We'd like to you create a papercraft project (it doesn't have to be a card) that expresses an attitude of gratitude - show us some heartfelt sentiments, too! Your creation can be for any occasion, as long as it's a thank you.
Then in a voice so calming, deep and wise,
One concern voiced was that the development, if launched, would send Chancery Lane land tax bills right through the roof in the next few years.
5. Terre D’Hermes- Hermes Terre D’Hermes is a plant & mineral scent combining heaven & earth. Blends citrus accents, mineral notes of flint with plants & spices. Designed for men who is simple & complex, tender & determined. Top notes of grapefruit, orange, flint. Middle notes of pepper, geranium leaves, patchouli. Base notes of cedar, vetiver, benzoin.
“For I am now ready to be offered, and the time of my departure is at hand. I have fought a good fight, I have finished my course, I have kept the faith; Henceforth there is laid up for me a crown of righteousness, which the Lord, the righteous judge shall give me at that day.”
The older traveler has now caught on and Vietnam is experiencing a surge in tourism. Tour groups and even cruise lines have added Vietnam to their itineraries. The French have embraced their former colony and are coming in large numbers. Older Americans, however, first had to be convinced that they would be well received by the Vietnamese. Since seventy percent of the Vietnamese population is under 30 years of age, most Vietnamese only know of the “American War” from their history books. We’re treated as any other tourist, which means they want us to enjoy ourselves and come back.
That sort of thing, a boy wishing his adorable teddy bear to life, has been covered by children’s films before. What Mr. MacFarlane has done, is tell the story of what happens after the closing credits of those films roll, telling the story of a thirty-something man, played by Mark Wahlberg, with a potty-mouthed teddy bear by his side, preventing him from fully growing up even though the girl he wants to be with, played by Mila Kunis, wants the bear gone. I love Mr. Wahlberg doing ridiculous comedy while playing the straight man, so I’m certainly looking forward to see what Ted has in store.
So last week I told you how my husband had set a challenge for me to ‘drive like a granny’. Well. The results are in. My hubby said that I wouldn’t see that much of an improvement with my fuel consumption from the first try, however, I managed to get an additional 75km (46mi) out of my tank! I was absolutely gobsmacked! I generally get about 620km (385mi) out of a full tank of petrol, but the fact that when I had to put in more fuel, my odometer was sitting at 695kg (431mi) blew my mind away. Don’t get me wrong… I still ‘put foot’ as such, especially with all of my idiot truck drivers on our roads, but wow. I am genuinely impressed and cannot wait to continue saving money on petrol, ESPECIALLY the way the price keeps jumping up.
Wishing you an inky day!
3) Italicize those you plan on reading
Tuesday 27th March 2012
Please DO NOT reply to this post. Sorry!
My heart, now bound, woven and embedded, has again healed itself. The power of love is amazing. It really is the only gift that you can give, receive and give again.
The home is composed of three interlocking pavilion-like structures.
“So it serves me now?” Mordred said, impatient. Even dead, his mother could be annoyingly vague.
About EvilGrade:
Hauser R, Altshul L, Chen Z, Ryan L, Overstreet J, Schiff I, Christiani DC. Environmental organochlorines and semen quality: results of a pilot study. Environ Health Persp 2002; 110: 229-233.
The tests contained:
A couple of weeks ago, my eagle-eyed spouse pointed out that there was a new resident at the corner of NE 18th and Broadway--the Broadway Grill and Brewery.* Its provenance was obscure, but the "brewery" in the title was enough to lure us in. Turns out it is actually an Eastside branch of The Old Market Pub and Brewery, which has resided in Multnomah Village for a dozen or more years.
Shadow is based on a play called “Murder Mistaken” by British playwright Janet Green. It has twists, turns and is a bit Hitchcockian in feel, Agatha Christie in theme. The deep black and white photography is brought to the screen via cinematographer Jack Asher, who would shoot many of the best known Hammer thrillers later in the decade and into the next. And not to be left out is the performance by Kathleen Harrison as Emmy, the slow witted, guileless servant, a role very similar to the one she played in her more famous film, the 1951 version of A Christmas Carol.
A sinus headache to rival all sinus headaches. Ever. By mid-week, I start feeling it's wrath. I begin questioning if I have had a stroke and if I need to go to an emergency room. An intense, throbbing headache that feels like a thousand little elves in my head swinging 10 ton hammers at the interior of my skull. These little guys will take a lunch break for a few minutes, but then get right back to work. They have no mercy. The pain stabs me with the strength and power of a wrecking ball at times, shooting down the back right side of my neck. I gag down two horse pills of maximum strength decongestant and a glass of water.
though, it is hard to step back and take an honest look at what our problems
Bain Capital at one point made investments in companies that specializes in green energy technology. Then voila, at some point, Mitt Romney declared himself a believe in Anthropogenic Global Climate Change. And of course, green energy. It does not take a rocket scientist-or a solar panel technician-to realize he was looking out for his own financial interests, and that of his company.
Similarly with the alleged Christian opposition to science and progress. The Christian church has in many ways been the handmaiden of science, and the only reason opponents mention Galileo so often is he’s about the only scientist who Christianity didn’t always treat properly. What about the devout Newton, Pasteur, or Copernicus? The same applies to the clawidence Jesus existed (there is an abundance) or that The Da Vinci Code is credible (it’s a badly written pop novel), or that bad things happening to good people is somehow a difficulty for Christians.
I love travelling because of many reasons, when am travelling at night i get ample time to think just about anything and when travelling during the day, i will look for that book i have really wanted to read for quite sometime and didnt have time.
Department: 859 - Psychiatry
The seven had also refused to fill the vacant seats in the CWC that were reserved for them.
A burrito bowl without cheese (add extra guacamole instead as a healthier fat option) is a good choice. Look for healthful options that are popping up on menus nationwide. They include things like chili-lime salmon burritos with a whole wheat tortilla, blackened/grilled mahi burritos wrapped in a whole wheat tortilla and Health Mex bowls without rice (get cabbage instead; if you get a burrito with rice, unwrap it and don’t eat the tortilla but eat the rice). Corn tortillas are better than flour tortillas, and guacamole is a better choice than cheese. If you have a taste for Tex-Mex, fajitas are always a healthy option – choose salmon or chicken, load up on the veggies and a side salad and eat only one of the flour tortillas. A side of black beans is a better carbohydrate choice that will keep you full for hours.
I am a low grade tech nerd. Not a code monkey or programing genious, but rather a consumer with a semi limited tech budget and unlimited gadgetitis. Every dollar I spend on electronics is a dollar I don't spend on travel and beer.
only independent Honduran organization to do exit polling, which put
For Despero, dresses were restrictive; they left her feeling exposed.
Cool says they, we need it all by the 20th January.
Well, there you have it. My cards for the year. And now maybe you see why I was so far behind that I needed the card from yesterday's post to finish out my list. And since Heart 2 Heart decided to make this week's challenge a virtual Christmas card exchange, tell me which one is your favorite and I'll get one out to you right away...in a virtual sort of way.
Dr. Payne paused in his running commentary on dental history and put down his drill. “Did you know,” he remarked, “that the value of all the gold molars in a city this size, at this afternoon’s spot price of gold, would be something on the order of half a million dollars?” He picked up his drill again. “Open.”
Betty bought along another 2 Quilts of Love for the Selengor Hospital, she is also working on pieces of Hardanger, "Oh just using up some leftovers" she airily told me........have you ever done Hardanger?...it doesn't start with Hard for no reason!
800-888-1447, 300 Park Avenue, Warminster, PA 18974
6. I'm attending BlytheCon UK this year with OnePinkHippo!
9:19 PM – Johnny runs into The Big Show backstage, and yells at him for being in the way. Has Johnny met The Big Show. He is always kind of in the way. Show then imitates Johnny before turning around to find Eve watching him.
The actions that represent are for more important.
Like an uncomfortable hug. Sweating
Here is a hanky I made to the daugther of a friend of mine for her confirmation (usually a big event here). Back in the day all the girls used to get one on the day of the confirmation, and I thought it could be fun to bring that tradition back to life.
Thought I'd add some links to other blogs who share their views.
* The night we brought a female WWII veteran from the Soviet Air Force in for dinner, which culminated with the two Russians, me, Colleen, and Mike doing a series of vodka toasts, narrated by the Soviet veteran bombardier.
Frankly speaking, there is really no secret to lose weight. Eat properly and do proper exercise are the keys to lose weight and also are the keys to maintain what you have gained thereafter.
“The Group submitted a comprehensive business plan in May 2010 for review by NAMA. The initial evaluation process resulted in a signed Memorandum of Understanding (“MOU”) in December 2010, the terms of which are non-binding. The terms include the consolidation and renewal of loan facilities and the provision of working capital. NAMA will monitor the Group’s subsequent performance to ensure that it adheres to targets contained in the MOU and, subject to further negotiations, binding facility agreements are expected to be entered into in the near future.” – from the REO annual report for the period ending February 2011.
Kelly bared all her teeth!
From: Baron-Cohen, S. (2005). Enhanced attention to detail and hyper-systemizing in autism. Commentary on Milne, E., Swettenham, J., & Campbell, R. Motion perception in autism: a review. Current Psychology of Cognition, 23, 59-64.
After her father passed away in 2009, from a six-year battle with cancer (which she still believes he won the fight against), she began to write again. A passion she'd loved for years, but realized life was too short to keep putting it off.
The iPads sit on a ledge at the bottom of the cases. In a custom-built app you can flick between a question, an opportunity to comment on that question, a QR code to identify the question that links it to others’ responses in the museum and online, and a live twitterstream (common to all iPads) of comments related to the Grant Museum as a whole.
Establish a weekly cleaning routine. This includes a complete clean of floors, doors, sheets, furniture, windowsills and window frames. If it can collect dust or potentially grow mold, it should be cleaned. Changing or cleaning your heating and cooling filters is also recommended to improve your indoor air quality.
Question: What if my religious belief is that the government should enforce my religious beliefs?
I spent my first minutes in central London buying an Oyster card at the Baker Street tube station. Which is also home to this beautiful bakery - Candy Cakes. Their cakes and cupcakes were so cute! Unfortunately I couldn't decide which one I want, so we went to the hostel first and when we came back a few hours later, they were already closed. But that didn't stop me from coming back next morning! I'm not a fan of fruity flavors, so I chose the double chocolate cupcake. I paid the ridiculous price (3.50 pounds if I remember correctly, and the price to eat in was even higher) and got the cupcake wrapped in plastic and a cute paper bag.
So I know y’all want a travel story and let me start off by saying I WOULD LOVE TO NOT have one for you all....cuz I’m tired...and my body/brain needs a break from incidents (praying that my flight to Chicago is smooth & UNEVENTFUL). Well I have a doozy of a story for ya and I hope you all laugh cuz I did laugh but afterwards I SHOOK MY OWN head at myself. I’m pretty sure James is rethinking my decision to travel alone...yep I’m pretty sure he is LOL. My flight to Texas started out in Virginia at 7 am flying to Chicago first...I had the WORST migraine on the plane so midway I woke up to take a few Advil...3 to be exact and leaned back to go back to sleep. Woke up about 20 mins later feeling slightly “odd” (yes odder than usual lol) and woozy and knew something wasn’t right & figured I was either getting a bad migraine or a sinus infection. So I leaned down to take another Advil just in case...when to my HORROR I realized I had taken 3 Maximum Strength Benadryl instead...UH OH!!! Benadryl DRUGS ME...like woozy, stumbling, drool on my darn self kinda drug me...ok, not pretty at all. AND THEY HIT ME LIKE A BRICK OMG...I literally was like a drunk...slurring my words and stumbling. I stumbled up the gangplank to exit the plane in Chicago and I could barely walk people...I texted hubby to say “ummmm I think I mighta made an oopsie...a big one”...well he’s not really surprised much by me after 18 years so his response (in typical James form we call “James-isms”) “well ok, as long as you are somewhere safe you’ll be ok”. UMMM DID YOU HEAR ME...I AM DRUGGED and its NOT PRETTY...HELLLOOOOOOOOO!!! But I guess cuz’ I was in an “airport” that suddenly I was contained and safe to him LMBO...yep....not! Cuz Suzanne thought getting on the people movers to her next gate would be helpful....less walking right? RIGHT??? Umm yeah I put my small wheelie tote on the people mover & for whatever reason it made me dizzy and I lost my balance...I DID THE DARN SPLITS ON THE PEOPLE MOVER...it was NOT a good site (it was not sexy, hot or cool in ANY way ok). And I split my jeans open....where you ask? WELLLL right in my darn butt area....did I have clothes in my tote...of course not...that would never be my luck huh? And yeah I had red undies (clean ones though that did over my rear) on and my jacket DID not cover it...so I’m trying to get upright and the guy behind me is trying to help me and I KNOW he’s trying to NOT laugh and I’m like “no, no I GOT THIS” as I stumble off and try to arrange my jacket around my waist in a manner that didn’t look like I was trying to cover up something LOL. I get to the gate and sit down & the man next to me is chatty-cathy...wrong time bud ok--you have nooo idea who or what you are talking to right now! I think I slurred something like “immmmm soooo slorrry but I am berry heavibly medicated and am having sub bigggg isssueeesss”...he looked at me like he felt badly for me and hey at that point I felt badly for me toooo LOL and figured it was best to sit there and NOT move or talk until it was time to get on plane--so I pretended to be a statue & VERY interested in my phone although I was so medicated I'm sure drool was coming out as my head bobbed up & done...oy vey!! So I go and get on plane....oh yeah that was fun...Suzanne tripping on the plane and literally running my body down the wall of the gangplank so I didn’t fall...I looked REALLLY special at that point ;) I was lucky to get a window seat in the second row...two guys sit next to me and I’m trying to NOT make eye contact cuz I don’t wanna look like a drugged weirdo LOL. I cover up with my blankie and go to sleep...wake up halfway thru flight and feel “slightly” better, enough to form somewhat sane sentences. So I asked stewardess for 3 cokes...yep 3...trust me I really needed about 20 at that point & I musta looked like I did cuz she brought them quickly. The guys next to me start laughing & I’m like you have nooooo idea buddies so just shut up cuz I’m not in the mood. Ends up the guy next to me is a fighter pilot who had traveled home from a tour in Afghanistan and had been traveling 3 days (yeah made my travel journey not so sad huh). So we were chatting about the military and stuff and the guy on the end joined in. So we are all chatting having a GRAND time & the guy on the end asks me what I’m doing in San Antonio and blah blah blah....wants to know if I’m there for the Rodeo (I wish cuz I have always wanted to go). Turns out the guy on the end is Joe Nichols...yep the country singer...yep I didn’t recognize him...AT ALL and I yell “you liar...you are not”...yeah real good zinger Suzanne, geesh! And he pulls out his drivers license & sings a line of his song “Tequila Makes Her Clothes Fall Off”...umm yeah appropriate song for a girl who has her undies hanging out of her darn pants LMBO!! But he was really nice and he signed my Country Weekly magazine which I JUST happened to have in my bag (no pants but darn it I have some magazines) and invited me to rodeo where he was singing today. DARN IT...if I didn’t have to be home I soooo woulda stayed an extra day to hang out...I mean of all the darn luck...split pants druggie sits next to Joe Nichols and can’t go to the rodeo...UGH...story of my life LOL! Needless to say we get to San Antonio just fine (via Houston) and then I rent a car to drive 3 hours to Waco...in the pouring rain on a Friday afternoon...yep thru Austin traffic. Took me 5 beautiful, oh so fabulous hours in bumper-to-bumper traffic...had to pee...was a tad hungry...and bum tired but darn it I got to Waco. Great class....great ladies (waving hi) who now all KNOW that I really am a total nut LOL but hope they had fun and I promise I will be back in Texas this year...albeit not drugged ;) And if you are near Waco stop at Emmalie’s fabulous store Crop Paper Scissors...you won’t be disappointed!!
I appear to be out of the woods for now. The computer guy at Dell and my husband the computer savvy one of the bunch, spent 3 hours on the phone while doing all the diagnostics and found nothing wrong. Well, if they found nothing wrong, why is my computer now running just fine?
"police are looking for a silver or white Chrysler 300 four-door sedan with... (March 26, 2012, by Binks) MORE
The random access memory storage space for thе normal hardware settings would be 1 gigabyte of space. The ultra settings would be double thе normal hardware settings and be twо gigabytes.To process thе data quickly enough for thе normal gaming experience thе Central Processing Unit speed wоuld be at thе minimum оnе thousand, ѕix hundred megahertz. For the ultra settings іt ѕhоuld bе abovе onе thousand eight hundred megahertz.
There may be enough audio material from the existing episodes of DOOMWATCH to cut together a full audio track for a missing episode. Yes. really! It's an enormous task and there are problems...
The problem: Poor education leading to high youth unemployment. Though the government has tried to create more jobs, one in four people in South Africa is unemployed – and jobs created by government programs only last 4-6 days.
And that’s the set-up.
Magerarenai Onna
Recent Bills: Keeping a recent utility bill to prove that the location that got hit is yours, this would help with moving along a little quicker in the process with insurance because you can prove that you live there.
2) I don't want a reality TV star running my country. It's just simply not presidential.
1. Preheat the oven to 375ºF.
So, I'm sitting here at my desk....and I can see the stack of STUFF piled up to work on, out of the corner of my eye....right in plain sight. And, I simply cannot touch it. I do not want to balance the checkbook, or update my mileage log, or work on papers for the accountant to prepare the tax return.....I just cannot go there in this frame of mind.....
The last time I wrote about children and cooking I had a wonderful response so I figured that once a month I would write a post “food related” for cooking with your children.
Online distribution & database availability
The new cosmetic skins will be purchasable with real money (Tribes Gold). All new weapons can be unlocked with gameplay XP, or purchased with Tribes Gold.
The shortlist for perhaps my favourite of the literary awards has just been announced: the Ondaatje prize, which goes to the "book of the highest literary merit – fiction, non-fiction, poetry – evoking the spirit of a place". This year a wonderfully varied lineup of titles is in the running, from Rahul Bhattacharya's evocation of Guyana in his first novel The Sly Company of People Who Care, to Olivia Laing's meditation on the Ouse, To the River, and from Teju Cole's slice of New York Open City to Paul Farley and Michael Symmons Roberts's exploration of urban sprawl, Edgelands.
-1 (15 oz.) can black beans, rinsed and drained
Understanding that most managers do not feel they should babysit their employees, I am not suggesting that you create an expectation and micromanage it. Rather, I am suggesting that you set an expectation and then let your employees know that you meant business - you didn’t create a rule just to create a rule. You asked them to follow a procedure because you know that it will increase efficiency or alleviate unnecessary stress or, simply, is just the most effective way to get work done. When you check back, you will tell your employees that you care about them following protocol. Then, most importantly, you gain productivity from your staff and in turn, a higher profitability.
Even with the accumulation of local blogs and the New York Times' discovery this past decade of Brooklyn there are still places under-seen who make more than a little hash.
We will be giving out the following 7 prizes:
Okay, I kind of got off on a tangent there but what started it was Uldum. I’m wondering if in an expansion or two when asked for my favorite vacation spot it just may have changed to Uldum, or maybe I’ll winter in Uldum and summer in Nagrand.
