Editors approach their copy with a long list of things to check for, ranging from spelling and grammar to fact errors and potentially libelous content. And while bias is on the list of things to be edited out, it can often slip in unnoticed, thanks to the subtle opinions present in phrases and metaphors that are commonly used in our communication today. It is all too easy for mainstream media outlets to take sides on issues or become advocates simply by using phrases and metaphors that the general population is accustomed to and takes for granted as an accurate description of the way that things are.
Part of me wonders if I could do it all over again, if I would have become a pilot. Since flying with him though, I definitely have the desire to one day get my private pilot's license because hey, flying is a lot of fun!
People get moody about sitting in cinema’s with cameras so thought it best to pack the SLR away, and try for an interesting shot outside. First image shot in daylight for a while… this may please some of the subscribers to my blog!
So from the beginning, we needed breath.
Rating: 7/10
LET THE SKY FALL
Eternity!!!
Dori told her what happened at the garage and I told her what happened in Chemistry class and as she listened I kept feeling more and more confused. I was about ready to just tell them to forget it, I’d just hermit up until this gift went away, which was really impossible since, according to both of them, it doesn’t go away, when Dianne became very angry and yelled at us for coming over while her baby was sick and her house dirty, blah, blah, blah. Dori looked shocked, then confused, then calm. And in the same instant I was angry and screaming back, then shocked at my own response, and confused at Dori’s response, and finally a wash of calm came over me.
Entwined in the labyrinth of space and time
Mom: "Ummm, Ashton . . . What is the name of the restaurant? They serve MEXICAN, not Chinese!!"
The researchers from the the Murdoch University, Australia, have applied Second Generation, high-throughput sequencing to identify the plant and animal composition of 28 TCM samples (see Fig.). These TCM samples had been seized by Australian Customs and Border Protection Service at airports and seaports across Australia, because they contravened Australia’s international wildlife trade laws (Part 13A EPBC Act 1999).
because I go work out after dinner and I need the energy for a good
That afternoon, he went to a neighbor’s house to ask if they had seen anything suspicious.
It was absolutely AMAZING. His head of wet, dark hair was smashed against his little head. I remember saying “my baby, my baby” in sheer amazement, love and joy. I immediately put Jack to my breast to nurse him and he latched right on like a champ. Wow- what a bond: words really can’t even describe how amazing and instinctual it was. Jake cut the umbilical cord then I delivered the placenta (which I had encapsulated into pills for its awesome postpartum hormonal healing properties- I will
Living without a television, a car, not too much dependency on electricity(yes, I have a fridge and my computers run on electricity). I heat my house by portable radiatiors if needed but mostly by making indoor fires. I have a funky cell phone with a mind of its own, a gas stove and a slightly unpredictable water source, all which constantly remind me of how grateful I am for the things I have and how well this is working for me.
Imagine the young Corsican in Paris. He’s only 26 years old, identifying with these glittering women who’ve ascended to the capital, in the great French tradition of the ambitious provincial. He says women must come to Paris to “know their empire” — connaître leur empire. For Napoleon must already be dreaming of his own empire, through these women….
The Cat grins at her and asks, “It all depends on where you want to go.”
It all happened instantaneously, one moment she was bringing her gaze back to her older brother, another moment the door was flying open and another moment the kitchen knife was ripping open her brother’s stomach. In that moment, she saw him, she saw her son’s father. There was blood everywhere, there was a burly man in the door way, there was a horse in their house, there was chaos. She went for the knife, but she was too late, her brother died on the spot. He had a hole the size of a football in his stomach, his guts were hanging out of his body and she remembers thinking that they were supposed to be in his stomach. The burly man on the horse was by her side in a flash, he knocked her out, and everything went silent.
I called Dr. Warf's nurse, but this was at like 4:45 pm. I told her we wanted to come to Boston for the surgery, and Dr. Warf had in his notes that he would be happy to treat Nate if that's what we chose. She said his next available surgery date (he only operates on Fridays) would be November 11. I'm not wildly happy about waiting that long, but there's not much to do about it. She was going to check with him today before she could officially schedule the surgery. If that is his surgery date, then we will have a pre-op appointment the day before. We will fly into Boston either that morning or the day before, depending on appointment times and flights. Nate and I will be traveling there, and Blake will stay home with Georgia. My mom will meet us there to help me with Nate. It sounds like we will be in the hospital for a couple of weeks, which could include Thanksgiving.
Addy Davidson just wants to get a scholarship at an Ivy League college and she doesn’t want anything to get in the way of that. The last thing she wants is to be on a reality TV show where the prize is a prom date with the President’s son. Unfortunately, that’s exactly what happens when she is chosen to be one out of a hundred girls to compete to catch the eye of Jonathan Jackson.
Who makes my life a paradise on earth…..
DPPrima Marketing - sparkling sping papaer stack & flower
When the field’s finished, fresh-damp,
Most surfing done on the web is superficial. Consequently, little learning takes place.1 Readers of the Healthymemory Blog will already know that effective learning requires the spending of attention. Most of the time people scan text on websites instead of reading it closely. This is the appropriate technique if someone is just trying to find something of interest or relevance. However, if someone just scans the web, little learning will take place. Moreover, bad habits can be developed if someone is constantly enticed by “hot” topics or keeps moving from one url to another without slowing down to think about and process something of interest.
Thanks to her vocal versatility, and with the help of Bradley’s direction and arrangements, Cline enjoyed both country and pop success. His arrangements incorporated strings and other instruments not typical of country recordings of the day. He considered Cline’s voice best-suited for country pop-crossover songs, and helped smooth her voice into the silky, torch song style for which she is famous. Nevertheless, she did not enjoy singing pop material. This new, more sophisticated instrumental style became known as The Nashville sound, created by Bradley and RCA’s Chet Atkins, who produced Jim Reeves, Connie Smith, and Eddy Arnold. Cline’s first Decca release was the country pop ballad, “I Fall to Pieces” (1961), written by Hank Cochran and Harlan Howard. The song was promoted at both country and pop music stations across the country, leading to success on both country and pop charts. The song slowly climbed to the top of the country chart—Cline’s first number one. The song also made No. 12 on the pop chart, as well as No. 6 on the adult contemporary chart, a major feat for any country singer at the time. The song made her a household name, demonstrating that a woman country singer could enjoy as much crossover success as a man.
“Was this a date?”
We grow up desperate for validation. For confirmation that being us is OK and if that confirmation doesn’t come then we look around for a suitable person to be a role model. And over the years we overwrite many areas of our uniqueness with the characteristics of others. We become copies of others, for good or ill.
1. If you already use (or are willing to join) a Twitter client such as TweetDeck or HootSuite, you can sign up to follow the hashtag #PulseBook. In doing so, all the tweets that include #PulseBook will automatically show up on your account. But...so will all the other tweets you normally get. Remember, at the party your tweets must include #PulseBook to be seen.
me of being a kid. I've had Charlie here for 12 years.
say that they would prefer to be
Fiskars Eyelet lace punch
Game Nutz Podcast: Adventure 12
Morning all
Welcome my wonderful plus sized divas as you know your here to share with myself and others about our fabulous plus sized lives , so lets kick things off right ………………..NOW !!!!!!!!!
This was my favourite moment from the serial and it's not as badly divergent from memory as much else but it's still not great. The scene where the Cyberleader is released shows a door being opened and the Cyberleader sitting on a step inside. In my memory, which is superior, of course, the cybermen lift the hatch and place it to the side, rather than opening it on a hinge and then reach in and help the cyberleader to stand. The whole appearance is more dramatic and ritual.
Both UK IPO and OHIM deal with the clarity etc requirements of these Rules in the classification parts of their manuals, UK IPO in the “Classification Guide” part of its Manual of Practice and OHIM in the newly revised “Part B.3: Classification” of its Manual. Is there then a presumption that, if a term is classifiable (or has been classified), it must be clear and precise of scope? If so, how does that square with the possibility of an applicant’s goods/services description being clearly and precisely defined for scope, but not be Nice-compliant, or vice versa? Bear in mind too that the IP TRANSLATOR reference questions are not really to do with classification, but focus on the meaning of lists of goods/services whether they are classifiable or not.
Finally, as you noticed, once again, I don’t measure. The following is a rough estimate of what I did. In general, I taste the mixture to determine whether to add sugar.
Voice of America was used to promote US “values” of so-called “democracy,” the “American Way of Life,” “freedom” and Corporate Capitalism. A key leader of Project Troy was James Webb, adviser to Secretary of State Dean Acheson and a “psychological warfare” operative who recommended university experts and the government to work closer.
Well it has been a few weeks since I posted. These have been a busy couple of weeks. My in-laws came to visit for just over a week and we spent a lot of time trying to enjoy the last of the summer weather. Little Miss really enjoyed having them around.
This extension to file and pay taxes does not apply to sales and other tax types. However, taxpayers who lost their sales tax return and need a replacement may contact the DOR Division of Sales and Use Tax at (502) 564-5170 for assistance. Taxpayers who are having difficulty meeting filing deadlines for their sales tax returns may also contact the Division of Sales and Use Tax which will work with them on a case-by-case basis.
Official Book Club Selection also does a lovely job, as Griffin does on her show, My Life on the D-List, of showcasing her predictably adorable parents. Generally I’m indifferent when it comes to the parental impression sect of stand-up comedy—I get it Margaret Cho, your mom has an accent—but Griffin’s parents’ brand of hilarity is more subtle, even though she tends to remind us of it…often. I can’t say I would have wanted boxed-wine-loving Maggie Griffin as my own mother, but picturing her on the set of ER, making small talk with a young George Clooney, is certainly worth a few laughs.
1) Destroying horde bonfires for Midsummer Holiday
I have.. giant butterflies in my stomach just writing this post out. I'm always astounded by G45 papers and embellishments.. like draw drop astonishment.. they're just gorgeous. But it's the Design Team that really makes their work seem so beautiful. And at this time, Graphic45 is having the 2012 dt audition -- so I'm throwing my name in the hat, signing up on the roster, and tap dancing across the stage!
Currently, only 9.5% of UK electricity comes from renewable energy sources and Friends of the Earth, who had 2,884 people questioned for the survey is concerned the government’s encouragement of gas production (by exempting gas-fired power plants from emissions restrictions) is having a negative effect on the search for greener alternatives to fossil fuels.
Prof. Yoni Mihrazi, an independent archaeologist who has worked with the International Atomic Energy Agency, agreed with Finkelstein’s findings, saying that top settler organization Elad had not stumbled upon even a banner saying “welcome to the city of David”, given that claims were made to have been relying on sacred texts to guide them in their work.
What about you all? Do you cherish the times when you wrote longhand or do you prefer its quicker version; typing once for all on the computer. What do you all feel about writing longhand? Is it too cumbersome for you all? What is your writing method?
I wasn’t putting my trust on anyone,now I am easily convinced by sprinkled lies.
I guess I should update!
The mountain of disparity has consistently been dangerously trending upward. And unfortunately, the Bloomberg administration’s response has often been short-sighted, and more focused on policing youth. Bloomberg’s stop and-frisk policy has led to the systematic humiliation and harassment of Black and Latino residents who are innocent of any wrongdoing. That response was a band aide approach to deep structural inequities.
The companies allege that this practice undermines the ability of British industry to protect inventions reliant upon the development of new software. Each has developed novel software, the control and distribution of which is critical to the success of their business.
Displaying MY Literary Personality
Austin – Robert Mueller Municipal airport has detenion areas inside hangars.
*Rendell says he "hired" Conti, but that implies a regular hiring process applied to this $150,000 a year job, which it didn't -- which is why Newman resigned.
If anyone can offer any advice on how I can get my counter back, or alternatively how to start a new counter from a number other than zero, it would be much appreciated.
In the latest sign of the fast-shrinking Big Labor movement, the National Labor College established in 1969 by AFL-CIO icon George Meany to teach new labor organizing tactics and management to new generations of activists is selling its sprawling Silver Spring, Md. campus.
Feel free to hum along …
A leader should be sending regular emails, reminding them of the upcoming date and giving people encouragement and enthusiasm. I have found that reminder emails are huge for conveying the seriousness of the due date and making it harder for people to "forget" what they signed up for. Send a weekly email starting a month before the deadline and at least one or two the same week reminding them of the upcoming meeting.
Prime Minister Lee has earlier said he would need to consider the matter carefully as there is a lot on the national agenda right now with parliament just completing a series of debates on the Budget.
UPDATE: I googled around a bit and it seems to be a compatibility issue between Internet Explorer and Blogger. You can leave comments if you select the Name/URL option:
Bound by Blood
As a music consultant, I talk a lot with bands about their relationship expectations and their working expectations and goals when it comes to the business and creative sides. if you are going to be a professional musician, you will have to work with someone you don’t like at some point, but the more you can work with them professionally, the better and faster the end results you are looking for can arrive.
Reportedly, the girl is part of a girl group that will soon debut through F.T. Island’s label, FNC Music. FNC Music commented that she’s trained in singing, dancing, and acting, and that she’s been getting a lot of casting calls from the entertainment business after the MV teaser was released.
Exhibit C…
From now on.
I know what it means to be the hated/despised one as I have been to South Africa. Many of the white people there dislike Jews as much as they dislike black people. When I was there, I was a bit scared due to the fact that almost every 7-11 equivalent openly sells neo-nazi propaganda magazines and it is nothing to see swastikas in the ‘ghetto’ and nice areas. I understand hate as there are people right now running to lead my government in America who believe I am inherently bad because I believe in Buddhism, Judaism and Animism.
With the phone number lost, we knew we’d be facing the consequences we had sought to avoid. Family, doctors, employers, insurance agents and many others would need a new phone number from us. There seemed no point in maintaining a committed relationship with an unrepentant Comcast.
Every single month I get excited by Crissy's new release images - I always love them! So of course I can rarely resist the chance to use them as soon as possible ;) I've already used 2 of her February Digital Releases - and it's only the 5th LOL! This image is the Brand New "Bunny Doll" by Crissy Armstrong, and is available from Whimsy Stamps.
Eric and Sookie! Bill! Pam! YIKES!
He took long breath and replied, “OK… but don’t look at that table”
In the fall of 2008, San Francisco polished its progressive credentials by banning something.
Q. How does the Higgs work?
Also, I am headed out of town today for a conference and will have limited Internet access, so I probably won't be able to comment much on your posts until next week.
Use as sandwich or cracker spread, or a dip for vegetables.
I cut the top of the dress off just above the elastic waistband which left me with just a long skirt.
So that was our trip to Vienna. Mostly.
Joel: It was the situation. I wanted to explore the ethics of - if you were in the position to save someone's life, but learned as you were doing so that this person is a criminal, would you continue to save them? Would you let them die? Where does self-sacrifice and self-preservation intersect? This was a conundrum that I found fascinating and wanted to write about that.
My partner in crime is Moody whose IQ is slightly lower than mine (148 lower to be exact!) and although my one-liners are usually wasted on him…our field would be a much duller place without him.
But what of the side they’ll be usurping upon the Premier League throne?
Some baseball highlights–tops was the description of a 10 pitch at bat vs. Claude Raymond that ended with Willie jacking the ball out of the park during the height of a pennant race. Descriptions of seasons when fans would boo or be dissatisfied would always end with Willie’s stats for the year–always incredible, despite ungrateful fans. I really enjoyed the description of Leo Durocher, a colorful figure who helped Willie gain the confidence to play the game.
Single-treatment studies
In the meantime, Lou will be missed.
"THAT DOESNT HAPPEN, ITS RARE."
Serve as a dip with veggies and pitta bread, use as a filling in a falafal wrap or sandwich or any which way you like.. However you eat it, it’s delicious! I’ll be making a batch to take to Elisa in celebration of her new arrival.
Nick Smith is the person I wish I was when I was at law school. Suave, preppy, sophisticated, clever, good-looking, witty, cynical, charming, well-mannered, well-spoken and a member in good standing of the urban haute bourgeoisie. In other words, the kind of person I’d never met before going to law school.
International hypocrisy peaked in the 70s and 80s. When the South African rugby team (the Springboks) toured Australia in 1971, the leader of the Labour Party, Gough Whitlam, opposed the tour and declared: “Australians should never let an afternoon’s entertainment blind them to a lifetime’s repression for another nation.” This, said by a politician from a country that dispossessed and mostly exterminated its Aboriginal population. Huge and widespread protest also occurred in New Zealand in 1981 against a Springbok tour — that, in a country that committed cultural genocide against the Maoris, whose language is in a terminal state.
Both the Prime Minister and the Minister of Federal Territories tried to justify the use of RM1.5 billion from Employee Provident Fund (EPF) to provide loans for social housing yesterday after being criticised for abusing workers’ retirement funds for political purposes.
Meadowside and in particular, my editor, Lucy Cuthew, loved the themes of HIDDEN from the outset. While some publishers rejected the book because of the issues it tackled, Lucy was keen for me to enrich and develop the themes in the book. That was really exciting for me as I felt that there was more I wanted to say, but was holding back a bit because of the reactions of the gatekeepers. I think there will always be people in the industry who are uncertain about taking on certain topics but as writers it is our job to challenge those attitudes and prove that young people will want to read our books, however risky they are.
This is the place I called ‘home’ for many months.
Sweet little Tao came to us last fall at the end of September. She was very tiny and was born with an intestinal/anal defect. Tao was incredibly small, but also very bright and alert, with huge, inquisitive eyes and a face like a little elf:
High profile members of the pop culture such as Michael Moore, Rosie O'Donnell, Jon Stewart, Joy Behar, Bill Maher and Janeane Garofalo, pander to the dumbest of the dumb, and are then heralded for their candor, their courage and their cutting-edge wit.
Myra is another matter. SHe's eternally calculating, and the consummate grifter. Her every waking moment is a con, from paying her rent to having a boyfriend. Given what we see of her, we can assume that before she knows that Roy is a con man, she's already working him for something. Her delight at seeing Roy con the sailor's is beautiful, as if she's finally found the perfect way to "take" him. Myra is a specialist, using her body as her tool. Her easy exhibitionism tells her story. She doesn't even bother with seduction or lingerie, just presenting her whole body as if she's impossible to turn away. It's possible that she really wants to partner up with Roy, as the long con she describes would require a male partner, yet when she tells Roy he needs to come up with $20,000.00 for his end, it seems more likely that Roy is just a short con on the way to the long one. We can believe that she misses the long con, but how she reenters the lifestyle is not likely something she shares with Roy but even if they had become partners, Roy's fears about being conned himself are well justified, as Mintz pointed out, "But, to take another pro, even your partner, who knows you, and has his eye on you, that's a score, no matter what happens." She has no knowledge of Mintz's advice to Roy, and assumes that Lilly is responsible for thwarting her. This shows us the hard nature of a "successful" grifter, as she casually puts Lilly's life in danger, both to punish her, and hoping to take her money. It's not her fault that she underestimates Lilly, who is capable of anything at all. Annette Benning is extraordinry in a unique role. Her Myra is calculating deranged and alluring and convincing as a cold blooded schemer who's practiced at seeming warm.
I had some of the Black Star Vulcan. It's made with rye. Nice flavor.
She then sent me this link...and I proceeded to laugh my butt off for the next couple of minutes.
Last week I received a gift card in the mail from a good friend from the Nanny Days. She had sent this to me as an engagement present. On both sides of the envelope, in extremely legible (if legibility can ever be extreme) handwriting, she had written, “Do Not Bend.”
“It is modelled on the Be-ism of John Ono Lennon and Yoko Ono Lennon. Except they used pacifism, and we use violence.”
-Cory Doctorow's stuff
She held the Geiger counter a few cm above the ionic foot bath water….
You may laugh, but indecent proposals may happen to you in Tango too! Just to show you, here's a modernized version of the famous Pride and Prejudice scene, happening at a milonga near you:
#7 Embrace it all-Wrap your arms around people. Wrap your brain around knowledge! Wrap your heart around passion! Lesson
I didn't think.
xxoo Mommy
Ride safely people!
and of course, it is still difficult as ever to get Aiden to let me take his picture. He's kind of coming around though, so keeping fingers crossed that I can start adding lots and lots of pictures of his crazy little self! :)
To see detail weekly report and KSE scrip analysis please call 0213 432 2359 or 0345-276 8680 or email us at safelyinvest@gmail.com
Well, it’s very nice to meet you. I can’t tell whether or not we’ve met before, so I’ll tell you a bit about myself.
Project cost balloons
It's time to state some findings and conclusions:
My biggest annoyance is ignorant people.
Fjögur píanó
Gareth Newham of the Institute for Security Studies reported in May 2011 that the number of people shot dead by police doubled since 2006; that the overall deaths in police custody or resulting from police action, at 860 in the 2009-2010 year, were markedly higher than the average of 695 a year in the five-year period from 2003 to 2008. But that's not all:
She added that the eurozone's recovery would depend on rebuilding national finances as well as structural reforms of the job markets and education.
Here are couple of extra thing/events that have happened that has kept us on our toes: brother-in-laws wedding, brothers graduation from high school and the upcoming deer season.
I love this concealer brush, it's super soft yet dense and doesn't leave streaky lines when I apply concealer.
Llandudno Pier-Grade 11 listed pier, which is 2,295 feet long. Loads of attractions and also, for those in need of a rest, plenty of benches for you to sit and admire the many views.
And now it's time to put Elana through the MOT questions. Btw, MOT stands for Moment Of Truth. Do you like that? It sounds very cool and cutting edge, which of course perfectly reflects my journalist skills. (Okay, maybe not but it still sounds cool!!!)
Let us not beat around the bush about it, the new album from South Wales band Kyshera is simply exceptional, a kaleidoscope and maelstrom of ideas, invention and intrusive imagination that provokes as strongly as it thrills. Made in China leaves one on a lofty high whilst deep in thought with its startling and captivating sounds, challenging intent, and unique ingenuity.
I am not especially hip to today’s popular horror themes, so I was not even certain how much a satire would resonate. Turns out, I need not worry. There was very little updated beyond some jokes about the abundance of remakes that have come down the line in recent years. Ghostface is his usual self stabbing a bunch of pretty people. While I need not to have worried whether I could get into the satire of today’s horror, I found myself bored by the same old, same old. There was nothing new.
3. Take 1 tablespoon filling, put it at the center of spring roll sheet, then folded like an envelope, or rolls to taste.
3. War generals and panglima silat ready to kill rioters, especially Malaysian Chinese
“All I do is Lin Lin Lin”
*For my international friends, AARP is the American Association for Retired Persons. It’s a pretty powerful group with great membership benefits and discounts on basically everything. Folks get excited about these discounts when they get their AARP card, usually around the age of 60.
@VampireDawn
Cricut™ Cartridge Lacy Labels Lite - Scallop Circle cut @ 2.5" & 3"
Here it is, my latest pride and joy! I friggin’ love this floral suit from Primark, it’s one of the pieces I got on my shopping splurge that I blogged out here. Despite it being really cheap in comparison to other matching shorts and blazers sets on the high street, it is surprisingly good quality! The shorts fit fantastically and don’t crease at all, I would advice getting a size smaller as they are really generous.
Setting aside my pen, I decided to wander.
The second idea turned out to be one of the key reasons that the training is so much fun. Rather than use the pre-created user stories that I no longer had, I had each team pick a software project on their own. The only requirement was that it be something that the whole team thought would be fun and had nothing to do with anything they were currently working on. Two examples of projects: an on-line recipe creation website and a death ray. Apparently, one of the teams was made up of military contractors.
Every year I volunteer at the local community center at their Haunted Halls. This year was the first year the hubs brought the kids. My four-year-old couldn't wait to go into the super haunted house. There were 3 sections. An activities room for the littles, a medium-scary room for the slightly older, and the super spooky haunted halls. My oldest only wanted to stay in the littles room with me. The other three went into the medium-scary room and fared well. The hubs and the very eager 4-year-old ventured into the haunted halls, child yanking adult fiercely across the building with excitement! I saw them exit. Odin was walking slowly, eyes unblinking. "Hey buddy, how was it?" He looked up at his dad. The hubs says, "It's okay, you can tell her."
Anna lives in the north of France, has a career, loves taking walks around the city and travelling.
Made by spreading a mildly hot tomato sauce on bread, and topping with a flavorful chilli chicken preparation, that is then baked to get a crispy crust that oozes of goodness when bit into.
Hello! Welcome to the final week in the Make My Monday April 2012 challenges! This month's theme is still MASCULINE, and this week we'd like to see projects with the added theme of TIME.
1) I’ve had my battery replaced for free (including shipping both ways) when I had a phone problem. No haggling, no assumption that I did something wrong to my phone first.
Pride and Vanity. There is TOO much emphasis on appearances and aesthetics in many places, but a mild amount of it does have its virtues. Even on a very small budget, nearly all the children I taught and saw were well-dressed and clean. People put their best foot forward. In the US in particular, people outside of cities (myself included some of the time), go about unkempt or not suitably dressed – sometimes one feels overdressed if they put in any effort. This is not normal around the rest of the world, and is a relatively new thing. In Asia, people are dressed ready to receive what the world has to offer, and therefore more opportunities are likely to come.
Thomas Daniel Burke, 38, Bedford Hills, N.Y.
Zoie has had this wonderful box of toys now since Saturday afternoon and she has torn two of them up, happily so I might add!!!!
Thanksgiving is the one time each year that we are able to reconnect with my husband's family. It has become a tradition to go to Maryland and the cousins look so forward to seeing each other year after year. I always love to see how much they have grown.
One Hot Cowboy Wedding is the fourth book in the Spikes and Spurs Series. When Ace gets in a jam and is going to lose the ranch, Jasmine steps up to help out her best guy friend and offers to marry him. It’s only for a year, right? What neither of them expected was for their feelings for each other to change drastically and want the temporary to be permanent.
"Are you interested in (insert item here - Tee-hee!)?"
I hear the hospital cannot dispose of the body until Monday.............................It is not recycling week.
I am not surprised that Sean Penn backs Argentina over the Falkland Islands, but such a statement is the stuff of Hollywood idiots. I hesitate to speak badly of the man given his seemingly good volunteer work in Haiti, and I realize he was meeting with the President of Argentina as a "Haitian Representative" (really?), but could there be a more ludicrous assessment of the situation. No doubt President Obama agrees with Mr. Penn (Obama has many Hollywood millionaire pals, especially of the environmentalist strain), for why else would he be calling for a negotiated settlement, rather than the traditionally expected full-throated backing of the United Kingdom?
A German doctor said, 'That's nothing! In Germany, we can take a lung
I was glad she chose not to put 'Last Living Rose' at the end of the set, as I suspected it might be, because it makes me cry, and cry I did. Good to have some space to recover ... Sadly this whole episode will do very, very little to shift my obsession.
Chants of "We Want Dataran!", "Buka!" could be heard throughout and there was a moment that we all stood to sing "Negaraku". There were a couple of occasions, in the midst of all the chanting, I was almost moved to tears because I saw a Malaysia, regardless of race or religion, coming together for a common cause. I finally understood some of the feelings those who went on 9 July felt.
World Compliment Day
Solicitors trying to trace beneficiaries under trusts or wills, funerals directors, those engaged in the detection of crime, grieving or non-grieving but greedy relatives, and personnel working for the NHS are not, of course, caught by this legislation – nor, indeed, is anyone offering wine and wafers in a non-commercial context, even if the descriptions given to the wine / wafers are not entirely accurate…. and given that I am a non-believer and a part-time restaurant reviewer…. not to my taste.”
You know the way it works don’t be afraid to ask- (Telling the listener that they already know what to do in order to sell their souls they just need to ask Satan for what they want)
Remember to praise God during all times, the hard and the wonderful. Rejoice in Him!
According to David J. Stein, whose data is shown above, "It's interesting to note the logarithmic growth of issuing patents with titles containing terms like 'computer program' and 'software' that predates State Street Bank. This would seem to disprove the notion (common amongst opponents of software patents) that State Street led to a flood of software-related patent filings - rather, it looks very much like State Street merely acknowledged the inexorable trend of patent-worthy software."
Readers may also enjoy:
And on forever, it seems to me.
Those are totally my favorite jeans right now. I got them for 11 bucks at Buffalo in the men's department.
Bah-humbug, huh?
Label: Contour Editions
“What if”?
Obama admin was thinking of regulating the chores of farm kids. Where were they when I didn’t want to mow the damned lawn? I knew that was an unfair labor practice but my father didn’t believe me.
And why were they in the attic of a house where they could be ruined by moisture and bat droppings? I suppose it's like anything we have today. We don't think of it as valuable now, it's only that future generation that's going to think of it as 'vintage' and wonderful.
Smuttynose S'Muttaroni APA 6.0%
I am a lightworker and Angel Intuitive,™ certified by Doreen Virtue, PhD. For those of you not familiar with Doreen Virtue, she is an internationally well-regarded and published metaphysical author, clairvoyant / medium and teacher who connects with the angels and other beings of Light.
three more days
We strive for customer service, we have talented employees that are able to find something for anyone's taste and budget. Just come in and ask questions and we'll find what's right for you! We have a vast selection of imported and domestic wines, over 300 different beers from around the world, plenty of craft bombers, a build your own 6 pack area, and Spirits that will knock your socks off!
I just kept right on driving, not realizing how far Roanoke was.
Trotsky made that clear in his response to the Palestinian Trotskyists in the 1930's, who wanted to adopt the position put forward by the AWL and others. He wrote,
What's New to Read?
I did say addiction, right?
I followed with a very yummy Chicken Kourdass (seasoned chicken breast, stuffed with mince, cooked in homemade preserved lemon & lime leaves, with fresh mushrooms & a touch of saffron).
.smile
The feedback on Twitter suggests that this conference will be back. It seems set to deliver the coup de grace to a couple of moribund events. Let’s have some law firm partners there next year.
This change began in the mid 1970’s, when the Federal Land Bank illegally foreclosed on farmers mortgages all throughout the Midwest. In each of these cases the farmers were defrauded by the banks with the approval of the Federal Reserve System. These court cases would eventually become known as the farmer claims program.
are we
For one of the world that would be quite disconcerting. For this reason most of the sailors were single, disowned, orphaned, having only themselves to think about. On the other hand, Paul was vitally concerned about getting toRomeand being able to continue his ministry. But whose ministry was it? It was that of Jesus Christ and it was the Lord who was pulling all the strings. He could rest in that fact.
5:30 AM came and I sent my boss an email, “I’ll be in later this afternoon, need to make an appointment with my doctor.” He didn’t care. He sent me an email reminding me I had lost some dumb bet and said, I’ll see you later. I however called and left a message for my doctor, went in a little later and walked out with a bladder/kidney infection and a prescription for antibiotics.
Men who have had relationships only with Thai women in Bangkok may think such traditions disappeared generations ago. But most of Thailand’s population is still located in the countryside not far from a ricefield and these traditions remains.
My first thought after leaving school at 18 was to get myself to Vienna to pay homage at the grave of Beethoven. His music had irradiated me, thrilled me, sent shivers down my adolescent spine, excited me to a world-view of limitless, Olympian joy. He had to be thanked. So I and a particularly complaisant friend set off hitch-hiking to Vienna. (A truncated version of this saga appears in the very earliest Lydian Airs posts, back in 2008. My friend, whose real name was Martin, is called George in that account, I don't know why. And as for 'Adèle', her real name was Gudrun.)
Avernum 4 (PC)
Now about my Monday Mode topic, I bought this dress from ZARA at Pondok Indah Mall in Jakarta, Indonesia. You can see the photo of my trying out this dress at ZARA’s dressing room here. I don’t know if I was allowed to do that, but I didn’t see no photo sign, so I went ahead. Could I get myself in trouble…?
But then, I am in Helsinki, and along with the familiar chocolate Easter eggs and rabbits, there are other cultural traditions being played out that reflect Finland's past domination by eastern and western powers. The witches, I'm told, came from Sweden and the wands from Russia, mixing together to make an intriguing local custom where costumed witches recite good wishes with their willow wands in return for sweets.
I met Sean at the appointed time (I am pretty sure he was late, he always is) and gushed about what a wonderful day I had with a friend.
Neighbors: View others on page
But the significance of God deciding to make us in His image is still greater than authority or mastery. Flesh and spirit, heaven and earth must be put together, allied to both worlds.
States, (and many more to come,)
when someone asks if they can call-
In 2009, my husband got sick again. So sick he was in fact disabled and out of work for seven months. We were blessed that he was able to correct the main issue (medications that he needed to be taken off) and the residual issues were not enough to keep him down and he went back to work. Now, through all these tumultuous times, I was still eating a lot of sugar, especially when no one was looking. A couple of times I had picked up smoking again to deal with the stress but I’ve quit and quit for good again. But still, to this very day, I crave sugar and bad carbs and lean on them when I’m stressed.
It’s been a week since the consultation and I’m still processing all the information. If I choose to move forward with an operation, I’d meet with two other doctors to get a second and third opinion. I also don’t know when I’d have the operation. It doesn’t sit right in my head to undergo an operation when I’m not at my goal weight – I’ve been trying for well over a year now to get to 220 pounds, and I’ll still 18 pounds away – so I’d probably wanna really push myself to bust through my plateau and lose those final 18 pounds. There’s also a part of me that thinks I’d be cheating if I lost any weight surgically after coming so far on my own. I recognize this line of thinking as unreasonable, but I think it all the same.
For those who aren’t members of the Quakers (that’s 99.9% of you), they are a mysteriously secret organisation, a bit like the Masons, the Illuminati, or Inuits. Their membership is a complete secret and no one knows what they meet up to do or discuss.
I knew with Jared, my high school sweetheart who I oft refer to (and shout out here to his fantastic mom who I am told reads this blog and to whom I would STILL like to apologize for consuming 99 percent of her sons time throughout our freshmen and sophomore years of high school, had texting taken off by then I'm sure it would be closer to 100) almost right away. I knew when I first saw him and the first time we hugged I literally, LITERALLY, got weak in the knees. Granted, I was thirteen and had maybe hugged two other guys in the non-cousin variety but still, it was everything the movies tell you it's supposed to be, your breath slows down, your heart speeds up, and everything, even the thoughts through your head, go into slow motion.
A few days ago, I was having a conversation about a foreign pal with a friend, and talked about his positivity and humility towards life and pursuing his passion for dancing.
I envied those girls. They could follow him around and not look stupid because they were older than he was. I wasn’t, and I didn’t want him to know what I felt inside.
Doing Kung Fu with old friends.
The castor oil on my lashes, that was stopped.
Ain't one thing to use for bubbles,
Last week was prettymuch a success. I did indeed visit the local Catholic church and found the people there are so sweet and welcoming. I doubt I'll get Matt into the church anytime soon, but considering our relationship was founded partially on the basis of leaving each other's religious beliefs alone, I won't blame him for it. There will come a time, however, when fellowship will cause me to tap into weekend family time. I'll deal with that when I come to it.
The American people are wising up to the climate change fraud. But climate change is a vast enterprise with trillions of dollars at stake. So what is a global warming alarmist to do?
It's been a while since I joined in with the queen of snoop that it Julia and her fun weekly What's on Your Workdesk Wednesday so it's time to get back and share my passion for oggling everyone else's stash. But to do that I have to share mine and erm, my desk is a tip!
Daniel
When you think of good parenting, what comes to mind? I think for many of us, good parenting usually revolves around what we DO: everything from, "Should spanking be used as a form of discipline?" to, "Should I allow my children to drink beverages with high fructose corn syrup?" There are countless dos and don'ts in parenting. Quite often, two different sources of parenting information will give two contradictory pieces of advice on what you DO to handle a given situation.
You are really good at this.
Willy Wonka should give me that Golden Ticket and a job (and let me run around in the huge room with the candy teacups and the chocolate river because SERIOUSLY).
don’t know
1. I don’t want/need to discuss my refrigerator’s weight issues, and frankly think George would be rather angry that I am discussing these issues publicly.
7. My mother-in-law. I adore her, and the feeling is mutual. I consider myself lucky.
Still, I hate going to the doctor; so I always put it off as a last resort. I hate to take meds for anything, since they irritate my stomach and abdomen. I don’t do well with over-the-counter drugs either, so it’s quite a conundrum especially when I have no choice but to bite the bullet and take something prescribed.
The agency that enforces the federal job discrimination laws has for the first time ruled that transgender people are protected from bias in the workplace. In a groundbreaking decision late last week, the Equal Employment Opportunity Commission said a refusal to hire or otherwise discriminate on the basis of gender identity is by definition sex discrimination under federal law. While some federal courts have reached the same conclusion in recent years, employment law experts say the EEOC decision sets a national standard of enforcement that offers employers clear guidance on the issue. "This decision is important because the EEOC is the agency with lead authority to interpret and enforce the nation's employment rights laws," said Jennifer Pizer, legal director of the UCLA School of Law's Williams Institute on Sexual Orientation and Gender Identity Law and Public Policy.
It is not possible to move backwards in time, but if you move far enough forwards you eventually come to very, very similar conditions as existed in the past.
Baby’s heart beat: 154 bpm
"I'm not following."
Hayley Matthews is determined to be the best cheerleader she can. She works hard and pushes herself 110% all the time. Then Hayley finds a lump on her leg. The diagnosis is cancer. The prognosis is unclear. She could lose her leg. Or maybe her life.
· The Muppets
“Life sucks in a bad way if you happen to live in Britain,” begins a column published on the channel’s website in the wake of the Evans verdict. “Disclaimer: Only if you are a man of virile age. Being rich and hot-looking makes it worse.” What follows is the worst of rape apologia, a litany of excuses, justifications and jokes that women have spent decades fighting against – 1,000 words devoted to proving why Evans, and, indeed, all mankind, is the true victim.
Bonjour à tous! 2e journée de présentation des nouveautés chez All That Scraps! A l'affiche aujourd'hui, un set adorable "Spring Has Sprung"/"Le printemps est là"! Le lapin, le mouton, les fleurs derrière le mouton font partie de ce set, et j'ai ajouté quelques autres tampons, le ticket printemps qui vient du set Spring Logos et ceux-ci aussi...
If organizing plants, the large ones should be in the back while your smaller ones are in the front. You should plant when the frosts are essentially over. If you have seeds, checking out the instructions will help you know when to plant them. After you have finished all of the planting, you need to make sure your plants are obtaining the right amount of water. When you’ve got only a small number of plants, you can use a sprinkler or a coffee can filled with water.
In other words, the show was developed more like a "real" television series rather than our usual "crash and burn" theory of management...frightening to think that maybe all those trips to Hollywood are starting to rub off on Tim and I! LOL!
(Even, even longer.) “It’s on now. Thank you.”
St. Patrick’s Day started out as a religious holiday commemorating the patron saint of Ireland. Today “St. Paddy’s” in America has become a celebration of Irish food, culture, and drink, as well as anything having to do with the color green. Typically observed with loud music, dancing, parades and green beer, St. Patrick’s Day festivities happen everywhere in the country, and they are perfect opportunities for beer enthusiasts everywhere to come together and have their fill.
Seth rubbed his hands together against the cold wind. His knuckles were chapped, and small cracks were beginning to open up. His skin itched horribly, but he couldn't afford the gloves or even moisturizer to solve the problem. He blew on his numb fingers and wiped his running nose as he squinted his eyes against the wind. Red and brown leaves skittered across the asphalt and the skeletal trees creaked back and forth. It was well into November already, and even without snow, it was freezing. Raging Funland had decided to stay open through the fall this year, trying to squeeze the last few dollars out of the amusement park-going public. Seth was one of the few employees that had somehow ended up with a double shift this weekend, and he hadn't had the nerve to refuse. He was currently on hour four of his shift minding the Funhouse, pressing the cold button to advance the rail cars as people climbed in and out.
Yesterday I was really thinking about the immigrant population. The people who own the Package Store in Little 5 Points are Asian. (Chinese or Korean? Not sure.) Seeing them makes me think “Of course Asians would invest in a liquor store in this neighborhood. It’s a steady business.” And it finally hit me that, other than Mexicans, Asians make up a decent number of illegal immigrants in this country. Does this occur to everyone else? Have I just completely missed that these past few years?
In 1 Timothy 1:18-19, the apostle gave his young understudy this advice, “This charge I commit unto thee son Timothy, according to the prophecies which went before on thee, that thou by them mightest war a good warfare; Holding faith, and a good conscience; which some having put away concerning faith have made shipwreck.”
"Oh yeah. To Dad, right?"
SO - I finished my summer classes with an A in my online class and a B in algebra. Funny thing is, I heard that she flunked me b/c I stood up and told her off in class! HA! That's not quite how it happened, but she did NOT flunk me. THIS is the algebra story. I have to write this down, b/c it needs to be remembered for future generations! :)
When did this craze start? When did we decide that the best romantic conflict was when our protagonist was indecisive and insists on stringing along two hapless love interests?
But to keep up with recent releases it looks as if there's now no choice for discerning eastenders but to stream films over the internet. This sounds kind of OK. Except I've got a nasty feeling that my broadband is capped and that on the occasions when I've exceeded my monthly data limit it's been due to an overdose of iPlayer. This means, I think, that streaming is potentially expensive because quite apart from buying the film over the internet for a fixed price - Love Film again? - I'll be running the risk of having to pay extra for the broadband space *sighs the sigh of the resigned* I suppose I'll get the hang of it eventually.
This was the tutorial I used. I had to improvise at the end because I didn't understand the tutorial. But I think it turned out well!
Maybe it’s a slight stretch, but I suspect when all is said and done we’ll be able to divide Dawgnation into two camps here: those who approve it as a deliberate strategy to ride herd on the kids and those who think, deliberate or not, it’s a really stupid thing to do, especially given the school’s tough substance abuse policy.
A little threat.
The day did end on an upbeat note with a long downhill run into the wonderful Syracuse island of Ortigia, waved on by a Fiat full of elderly Nuns.
Summer takes a toll on the body, especially a summer with a lot of celebration and a lot of stress-eating/drinking. My summers are always debaucherous and being the virgo that I am i always insist on going super hard and hitting bottom before the requisite Fall productivity mode. (I do this around the holidays, too....its strangely self-destructive and super effective at the same time)
AB: What stands out to me the most was how much the NHL seemed NOT to want to pursue expansion, even when they were actively involved in doing so. It seemed that they only expanded because they felt they had to, regardless of their personal opinions about the act itself. Harold Ballard of the Maple Leafs was surely against it, but then again, there wasn’t much that he liked, other than money. But when all was said and done, even though two of the teams that were added no longer exist (Minnesota North Stars and Oakland Seals), expansion was clearly a success. It helped grow the game like the league had never seen, and finally put the NHL on par with the other three major professional sports leagues in the country.
Simply liquidize all the ingredients together for a minute or so, using sufficient liquid to achieve your preferred consistency, and it's ready to drink. You can leave all the separate ingredients in the fridge overnight and just add the freshly picked nettles in the morning if you want a really cool smoothie! If you like this, try substituting the nettles for watercress (if you are certain it is liver fluke free) or seaweed - dulse, sea lettuce and laver work particularly well.
- I say: Still a good episode but not as memorable as the Mad men episode. Oh the snow mountain scenes with Robb Snow were beautifully shot.
Judge # 3 (Frank) -- Holy crap, what the hell is this stuff? You could
Please take our new top three banner from our side bar
I would love to have a room with bookcases covering one wall. I also love the colour books add to the room and I personally not only have a number of bookcases around my house but have piles of books too as decoration.
The suggestion that John Mark re-join the ministry team results in a “sharp disagreement” (verse 37-38). Barnabas wants to have John Mark travel with Paul once again. Sometimes Barnabas is presented as acting like a protective uncle, hoping to give the young and inexperienced John Mark another “chance” to prove himself. While this makes good preaching, that is not the way Luke describes the disagreement between Paul and Barnabas.
Now, truthfully none of the photos I’m about to show you are the greatest, but I couldn’t wait to illustrate this idea for you. One thing I am crazy about is taking a photo and reproducing the same image after a passage of time. Take for example this photo of my daughter and husband just a few days after she was born. I was exhausted and it’s grainy but I LOVE this photo of the two of them.
gimme gorgeous
25 October
Hope you all are having a great summer!!
I am also over at Decor and the Dog sharing my dreams for our kitchen, when we redo that. It;s the one room I really need professional help with, so for now, these are just my design plans, but I hope you will stop by to see them! And to see the face of "the dog". He's cute...
She had become the first social goddess of the modern era.
P.S. Are you LDS? Or do you think LDS Temples are pretty?
This is such a reminder of all the times we snuggled and watched Barney, read nursery rhymes, or watched The Land Before Time and Feivel Goes West for the nine millionth time. We memorized The Many Adventures of Pooh, and as we cozied up for our snuggle time, you’d suck your thumb, rub your nose, and clutch your “beijing” which is what you called your blanket.
1. Place the avocado in a large bowl and use a fork to mash until almost smooth and add the lime juice. Taste and season with salt and pepper. Spoon the avocado mixture into 2 small serving bowls and smooth the surface.
The siege of Baler is among my favorite subject in Filipino historiography. The town was the last bastion of the Spanish empire. But the siege, I think, was important for us Filipinos because the incident exemplified that we were more civilized than the Americans gives us credit for. Aguinaldo’s safe conduct pass for the cazadores, ensuring that the Spaniards are treated like “amigos” and not enemies, speaks great volume of the character of the Filipino leadership. The young president’s executive order became the basis of Ed Angara’s Philippine Spanish Friendship Day.
The decision of the Court of Appeal earlier in the week on the Binyam Mohamed torture evidence issue has created a great deal of analysis and comment.
A wedding planner can help you find your vendors, manage all the logistics on the big day, take care of your wedding to-dos (there are over 150 of them) and in many cases act as your BFF when your mom, fiance and friends stop replying to your emails.
Today couldn't have been a more perfect day! It was almost 80 degrees out. I was so happy it was one of my normal days off!
The Bible tells you, that now you have believed in Christ, you are called a “Christian.” (Acts 11:26; Acts 26:28.) As a Christian, Paul tells you that you are:
That tells us something important – that in this supposed aged of all-encompassing modernity, myths and indeed gods are coming to life just as they always have.This world of animation almost completes eludes the chattering classes to whom India’s diverse peoples are almost an embarrassment in a supposedly global village where everyone is supposed to understand that Mocha is a kind of coffee.
It is for this reason that a lot of attention is focused right now on the prophecies foretold by the Elders of the Maya; their calendar which began in 3113BC comes full cycle on that date.
In the early Church, this was the Sunday where the catechumens, traditionally baptised on Easter Eve, went without their white baptismal robes for the first time.
Today my workout plan was to hit the gym and go to aqua aerobics, which was perfect, considering the temps were supposed to be in the 80s. But then I got home and it was in the 90s and not dropping anytime soon, and I went with Plan B.
We are a nation with all the attributes of a nation and all of the gatherings of a nation, a nation whose sovereignty is currently commanded to take pathways which don’t sit easily with us, with our beliefs or our collective conscience.
I win very few accolades, so I am clinging to this one like a manic crab.
After months of equal parts exhilarating and infuriating texting it was revolutionary -- the first time he'd suggested a concrete opportunity to see each other rather than vague hints at "hanging out."
I also added texture to the wall...sanded paint that adds a bit of farmhouse personality to this powder-room. The color is Delaware Putty by Benjamin Moore...Ultra White trim color also by Benjamin Moore.
Toronto, a city of over five million people, is long overdue for 5 star luxury hotels. The Toronto Ritz hasn't shown anything extraordinary, however the Shangri-La, the Four Seasons, and the Trump will be opening in the near future, and I haven't given up hope yet of my Toronto dream hotel. In particular, I hold high hopes for the Four Seasons, as any experiences with their hotels have been impressive, and the location of the new building in Yorkville seems to be ideal.
Very tired this morning from all this work work work i seem to be doing at the moment, i don't know how i find the time to do everything in my busy little life lol!
Now I had a friend of my friend that keeps me busy (LOL) call me to see if I could do something for a wedding shower gift. The new couple does not have a house yet (so no decor to match). She knew that the bridesmaids dresses are going to be red, but did not want to go with that. She had seen some of my previous letters & wanted to go that route. I told her about the anniversary one that I had done, see HERE & she loved the idea. The shower invite had several shades of blue so we decided on that color scheme and this is what turned out. She said the bride loved it & it was her favorite color. Don't you just love it when you don't know exactly how to do something & it just turns out perfectly.
remember my my paper wreath? i still have up what was my fave christmas craft from last year. i turned it from a wreath (paper leaves taped onto a cardboard base made from a pizza box...lol) into a mirror. easy peasy and one of my fave things in our home.
And onto the one coat glitters!
That’s fine, but I am not going to wrap myself in a fucking straight-jacket to run for office of being some kind of 'leader', to promise a bunch of 13 year old brats, more bullshit for free shit; on a planet that is experiencing overpopulation with declining resources.
'How many times do the public need to keep hearing about this before the Government is embarrassed enough to do something about it?'
I've yet to see the film, but on the strength of the book I am sure I will. This is a touching story of a horse who is sold from his simple life on a farm and made to work on the front during WWI, told from his perspective.
With only a few days left of the winter school break it is time to showcase a little of what the girls have done this week. It has been nice to have a school holiday without rain. The last four have been wet and of course in January we had all that flooding as well. This time round we have had nothing but glorious sunshine on a perfectr winter's day. One of the reasons why I love a Gold Caost Winter.
Everyday fights with your lover
When we practice the precept of Satya, our hearts open to others as well as ourselves.
Dark gold eyeshadow
i've been off my game this week in terms of exercise. between the daytona 500 and the tornado, i've been real light on sleep. (how often do you see those two things used together in a sentence as excuses?) but this morning, i got back out there. and it felt good. i kicked out 4 miles. i know that doesn't win any awards, but i'm hoping it will get things jump started. i thought i'd share how my "shuffle" music rolled today. i swear, sometimes i think the music is the best part of the run. here's a sampling for your weekend listening pleasure. enjoy, i know i sure did!
8pm: Load dishwasher
Here we waited at a couple of bus stops for longer than usual. It may have been for driver change, since we were very close to the Ealing Bus Depot, but no reason was given and soon we pressed on, to pass the large West Middlesex Golf Club and a Sikh place of worship, named Satnam Waheguru, before arriving at the large campus of Ealing Hospital. It is a long way from Ealing, but was presumably built where there was room for all that was needed, next to the older St Bernard's Hospital.
When Chika Unigwe was asked why she wanted to write about Nigerian prosititutes in Antwerp, she had this to say:
Fighter? Theoretical.
No shells ripped the evening sky, no cities burning down
And for the pork belly, I had the butcher cut thick pieces for me. I turned the oven on to about 250°, put the pieces directly on the rack, put a pan underneath to catch drippings, and then went to the grocery store for an hour. Most people would probably tell me that’s a great way to start a grease fire and burn our place to the ground, and they’d be right. Luckily it worked out just fine. I wanted to render a lot of the fat out of these pieces and make them crispy, but not cook them all the way (the grilling later will finish them up).
happy birthday a day early, doc! ;-)
A plain-english definition of php is this – a language that when called upon, runs a little program on the server, turns it into HTML code on the server-side and then inserts the html in the document. The user (client) will only be able to see the result of the php if they view the source of the page they’re looking at, not the php code itself.
One of the things she told Deryl and then told me later was that God was going to work this all out and that it was going to be "Different, but better" Okay, great.....that is just wonderful I thought to myself. I don't like different but better. I didn't even like the sound of it. All I could think of was well, what in the world does different exactly mean? I'm sick of different and it doesn't seem better.
i will post more pics of this cuteness swimming in the pool soon.
2) Acknowledge your past by changing your future.
*****WINNER****** Tina!!!!!
In this experiment, subjects were shown playing cards and asked to call out what they saw. They would consistently identify the cards correctly. After a while, however, the experimenters would slip in “incongruous cards” in which the colors red and black were switched, such as black hearts or diamonds and red clubs or spades.
On the Saturday, we went to visit his sister who was doing The Moonwalk that night, on a 'wishing Good Luck' mission, to find that she was cooking a curry dish (King Prawns in a medium curry sauce), to take to the lane behind her house. Theres a wonderful little community spirit, alive and well, in their small corner of the world, and around 12 houses of neighbours get together a few times a year to do a 'bring and share' event. Four long tables were set out, and residents brought a curry dish, a chair, and a plate and cutlery.
So, for now we wait and we hope that Justin has thicker skin that I do. We hope that he is oblivious to the fact that he is odd man out. And we talk to the five and tell them it is okay to feel the way they do but it is not okay to communicate any of those things to Justin. We even ask the older ones to help the younger ones to try to help teach Justin how to play their games. And I try to save any tears for after the kids have gone to bed.
And knitters in general.
In 1991, one of the lesser known Marvel Titles was given a live action adaptaion- Power Pack- following four children who are given superpowers by a dying alien to fight off an invading alien force. Directed by rick bennett, it has rarely been seen in it’s entirety, though some footage of it can be found online.
Care to return to a simpler time? A time when all you had to worry about was nailing that perfect 1080 backflip over a neon snow bank with fireworks lighting up the night sky overhead? Tired of getting grounded by rogue avalanches or crushed by jagged rocks? Good news my friend, EA Canada has just the thing for you.
“You don’t know what a “moral” is?” My mom’s eyes got big behind her big glasses. “I have asked you every year and you are just now telling me you don’t know what a “moral” is? A “moral” is when there is a lesson to be learned from the story. A goodness or a badness.”
Your birthday is coming soon, which always means that Christmas is only a few hours away. You were always so gracious, having a Christmas Eve birthday, to excitedly accept your annual birthday gift of new Christmas pajamas right along with us kids! Still to this day, you are always remembered and sung to in the unique Wells tradition … as the birthday cake is shared by many December birthdays each year. “… Happy Birthday, dear Daddy / Grandpa Johnny!”
O you up there! O pennant! where you undulate like a snake hissing so
I was excited to find a new (to me) maths curriculum called Math Mammoth.
Please go by and visit and check out our projects for the PDDU series. You might get some ideas on how to use some of images in a different way. Think outside the box :) Thanks for leaving great comments!
The Midnight Purple Nintendo 3DS, offered at a suggested retail price of $169.99 in the United States, becomes the fifth color in the always-stylish Nintendo 3DS color palette, joining Cosmo Black, Aqua Blue, Flame Red and Pearl Pink. Now fans have another option to customize the look of their systems to suit their individual styles and personalities.
After years of humiliation and failed attempts to win the coveted Pirate of the Year Award, Pirate Captain and his oddball crew take on the cream of the pirating crop – Black Bellamy, Peg Leg Hastings and Cutlass Liz – in a race to pillage the most booty. They soon cross paths with lovelorn scientist Charles Darwin, who persuades the Captain that the crew’s prized ‘parrot’, Polly, could be the answer to the ‘untold riches’ they are searching for. Their adventure takes them to Victorian London where they meet Darwin’s sidekick ‘man-panzee’ Mister Bobo, and the notorious pirate-hating Queen Victoria herself. It soon unfolds that Darwin’s motives for helping the crew are not what they seem, and the Queen has an evil hidden agenda of her own. The Pirate Captain must choose between basking in the glory of being crowned Pirate of the Year, or staying faithful to his trusted crew.
june has become a good snuggler, but bear is quite the monkey these days.
Is the ad relevant to you? This concept could be a benefit for both the viewers and the advertisers. We are doing their work for them, but at the same time, we are getting the commercials that we want to see. Things such as MORE HUMOR, which is shown in this m&m commercial that was first shown during the super bowl and has become one of everybody’s favorites fast.
But, we survived it - and in one piece, too! We are just about done with the whole shopping thing for this year. There are only a few more presents to be wrapped and I got a really good start on the baking/candy making yesterday. The cards are done; the groceries bought; the menu planned; everyone invited. All in all, we are in pretty good shape!
After the dough has risen, gently deflate and transfer to a clean working surface (doesn't need to be floured at this point). Divide the dough into 12-16 equal pieces, depending on how big you would like your rolls. Shape into round balls or roll out into long strips to make a simple knot. Place the shaped rolls on a lined baking sheet, spaced a tiny bit apart. Loosely cover with plastic wrap and allow to rise to 1.5 times the original size, approximately another 1 & 1/2 hours.
The doll wagged his little index finger at Abby. "I'm no plaything, Missy. Do you see strings? Do you see batteries? Humans. Always limited. Everything has to fit into their little world." Then his finger fell off and dropped to the ground with a clatter. Sam scrunched up her face. Gross. But at least he didn't bleed.
Remember, this was supposed to be an enjoyable project to be completed at home.
No, much better not !! I could do without a Welsh dresser !!
"In time, I too would learn that an experienced messenger can see anywhere from five to thirty seconds into the future. The traffic can be read so closely that he is rarely caught off guard. Most people think this comes from having good reflexes, but who needs reflexes when you can actually see the future?"
6) Customers go through an awareness process.
_____I can't reach you from here so, do me a favor and put your hands around your neck and strangle yourself. Thanks!
“I’ve found car keys, bottles, a Polaroid of a nekkid woman, looked like from the 1980’s”. Mike continues. How does he know that the picture of the woman was from the 1980’s, I mean if she was “nekkid”? Did she have Farrah Fawcett feathered hair? Mike interrupts my thoughts.
Sony Bravia Kdl37w5500 TV Review
But other than the thought of, "I want owls", I vacillated terribly.
Sue xo
I wish you all a very Merry Christmas - be good, keep safe and just enjoy yourselves.
The city issued no complaint, rather adjusting, shrugging somehow without movement. It seemed to almost enjoy the more demure gray suit slowly turning to charcoal, confident in not losing to black. Its own glow now brought intrigue, contrast and highlights hitherto unseen in the lights of day. It was just more comfortable with it. This city radiated pride and excitement at night; indeed finding its clarity and resonance as the sun slipped round the world.
For the past 8 years, from time to time, I would allow my mind to go there... I would wonder if she was okay, what she was like... did she have her eyes, did they share the same laugh?
"18 days?"
Smith’s ideas were well received in the 1770s because they accorded with colonial objections to mercantilism, with its the government-imposed regulations and taxes attributed by American rebels to the tyrant George III. Smith’s assault on the mercantilist faith gave traction to an alternate set of economic beliefs for the new nation.
SAMOSA
Doctoral students are expected to publish papers, and several of her papers were covered by grants and the companies who provided those grants considered the work proprietary so she could not publish them. Now, one of those papers has been released and she can publish that paper. so that has helped. Things have been falling into place for her this year.
Mike Fuller wants a Bipartisan Government Including Democrats because Obama didn’t do it and It Can Help For Our Country’s Development, a project that Whashington DC Political Population doesn’t support since The Election Of The Democratic President, building The Future of the Crisis not his End With The Lobbies Industry, a profession in the middle of a Nowhere because Of Its Project To Disturb Electors, Parties, State Governments And Federal Administrations!
It's just a good job I'd made 2 different alcoholic beverages, 1 a mulled wine and the other a cranberry punch (the punch being the fact that the cranberry juice was diluted with cassis) because this meant that most people were keen to try both before switching to water. Imagine if I'd only made the mulled wine! Next year I'll have to have 3 concoctions to offer!
there I said it...we are out of the closet
4)The survival and preparedness community isn’t that big around here. There’s some folks that I met that are interested in shooting and are more like minded, but for the most you don’t see it as clearly as in USA. The huge nanny state certainly doesn’t help. If I find enough people interested locally I might organize a few meetings or classes, but mostly to get to know like-minded folks and network a bit. There is interest in bushcraft and wilderness survival, which as much as I enjoy I know it has very little to do with modern survival of the type that I write about. For a post economic collapse scenario haggling, sales or even marketing would be a much more useful skills than starting fire with a bow drill, and a class on knife fighting and defense would be much more valuable than a carving class where you make your own wooden bowl.
One altogether; not by confusion of Substance: but unity of Person.
“There is no harm in yelling fire. There is no harm in filing out of a building that isn’t burning, There is no harm in filing back in. These are the acts of reasonable people. In fact, the practice would do people some good. We used to do it all the time in school. The fire alarm would go off, and out we’d go, not knowing if there was a fire, or not. No one ever got trampled. The theatre owner has, as an owner of a private business, the option to no longer serve that customer. Of course, should one patron fail to file out reasonably, and in the process trample another, then a crime has been committed, that of assault by that patron upon another. The idea that it is acceptable for people to trample one another — or that it somehow “isn’t their fault” — is just one of the things that is wrong with the cliche, aside from the initial, completely incorrect, idea that one could not yell fire — or anything else — in a crowded theater. It’s socially retarded, and if it were *my* theatre, it’d be the last time you ever got in the door, but other than that, there you go. Free speech trumps all. Every time. That’s the basis of liberty.”
Is it therefore the less gone?
Aside from benefiting from the conway south carolina florists of Hilton Head Island to the conway south carolina florists of the conway south carolina florists or mortgage fraud prosecutions occurred in the conway south carolina florists a Southern state known for its outdoor living, with a ton of history. Arguably, the conway south carolina florists. Battles raged across the conway south carolina florists and the conway south carolina florists of life all cost less in Upstate South Carolina motorists are under no obligation to answer police questioning and if it is highly professional and experienced who emphasize the conway south carolina florists and career success of each student who has chosen this university.
If you live in the UK, you still have 15 chances to win a free hardback copy of "Sword of Light", which will be posted direct to you by my publisher Templar.
I read once these stories from people who had grown up in our fostering system, one man stating it so clearly, that all he wanted was to be loved. It broke my heart. And I’m starting to cry right now. When I think of children who lie in soiled diapers for hours because no one is interested in changing them, or who stand up in their crib desperate to be held and don’t get to experience the joy of a loving parent swooping in to cuddle them, I think that I’m not sure how this world is ever going to get better.
Contrast is always good. Look for critics! Starkly oppose the gnu atheists to more accommodating figures. Sagan is a great standby. He’s not around to speak for himself, so present his positions as you understand them. One oft-used approach is to refer to The Varieties of Scientific Experience – just the title, not the content or context. It’s common knowledge that Sagan is very generous with religious ideas here, so there’s not much point in looking for parts where he isn’t, or where he notes his fear of a growing religious fundamentalism. And of course his political activism has no place in this discussion. Sagan was a hero. He was beloved. The gnu atheists have nothing in common with him.
Glasgow Film Office (and in particular Jennifer Reynolds) were very supportive from the beginning; during our development phase and through principle photography. They were very easy to deal with and assisted us with logistics, contacts and a facilities grant
So how, pray tell, is a woman to get home then? By teleporting?
Yes things may not be the same,
Live Oak Pilz
"Safe from Harm" is the third single from Blue Lines, the 1991 debut from Massive Attack. The bass, guitar, and drums are sampled from the song "Stratus" by Billy Cobham, from his album Spectrum. Additional drums are sampled from "Good Old Music" by Funkadelic. Other samples come from Herbie Hancock's Chameleon. The vocals are sung by Shara Nelson.
A few days ago I brought home a large number of student essays on traumatizing past experiences. I finished marking almost all of them except for Student X's.
The 100 days is now down to just 21. Yay!
In other news, I'm in pre-production on another short film! I plan on shooting it early next year, depending on funding and all of that. I've got the script locked, which is always a good thing, and I plan on starting the storyboards tomorrow! I also just finished the first draft of a new script. It's almost feature length, but I know the areas I need to address in the next draft which will put it into feature length territory. This particular story is one I've been trying to write for years and I'd love for it to be my first feature. If I were to have my way, I already know who I would cast for the four major roles, but I'm getting ahead of myself, which I tend to do when I get overly excited. :D
1 blindin'
The do-it-yourself format resulted in the development of the concept of the beer “passport” a printed booklet that allowed the consumer to seek out special brews at particular restaurants, pubs, bars and taverns that featured those brews for the week. Of course these “passports” also serve as guidebooks for locals and tourists interested in finding good beers in cities they might not be familiar with. It also allowed restaurants, pubs, bars and taverns to present their “beer friendly” lists to consumers that might not have stopped in.
Feel free to follow, or not.
Police asking citizens to help them solve crimes.
An individual using the alias "Rumplestiltskin" claims to be removing tons of plastic garbage floating in the North Pacific Gyre.
Obama is a bystander
The main thing is to keep cool and stay safe while you celebrate the great nation that America still is! Our ideals are worth celebrating!
-My barely- 5 1/2-month-old Scarlett currently weighing 17 lbs. 7 oz.
5) Do anything for a good photo op – even if it makes your child cry. Oh come on, everybody does that – don’t they?
Caught a glimpse of James Marsters, I geeked out very hard at that. And I got to see James and Oliver Phelps, which I ALSO geeked out very hard at. Seen lots of nifty things, like daleks, the Batmobile, the Back to the Future DeLorean, nifty cosplays, got a book from Sam Logan and got him to sign it and he drew me a little picture inside andddd…more geekery. My friend Cory got me a sonic screwdriver as a belated birthday present and it’s most damned awesome. I haven’t really put it down yet. I keep twirling it and I expect the batteries to die sooner than later.
3. this blueberry macaron was my favorite.
Play your iPad like a musical instrument.
“Right. Well that shouldn’t be a problem Mr Amylase. And what if we get to the end of JFK again? Am I to take it that in that situation you wouldn’t mind if we then actually did go on to incinerate your grandmother?”
National Security Network executive director Heather Hurlburt led off her remarks with a breaking news bulletin: parents were ahead at half time by one point in the Takoma Park Elementary School parents-staff basketball game.
But after being arrested on suspicion of murder, Chaudhry claimed that her boyfriend - who is not the child's father - told her to do it. She says he instructed her to do it, whereas he says that they more or less figured it out together after talking about how to discipline her.
We were in love at Best Buy, and yes, I had to take a picture of my favorite delivery truck:
Crystal Light Pure uses Truvia and sugar as it sweeteners so it is not zero calories (there are 30 per packet). But I s
So I published this last night really, making some edits to it this morning. Published from my phone and snagged my Father in Law's computer to get on here and make it right!
So who are you then anyway?
And now I gonna jump on soap box:
Hear, O Israel: The Lord our God, the Lord is one. Love the Lord your God with all your heart and with all your soul and with all your strength. These commandments that I give you today are to be upon your hearts. Deuteronomy 6:4-6And in the New Testament, Jesus makes it clear that all commandments boil down to just these two.
The vast majority of the squad had spent the day playing a round of golf at East Horton. I was one of the few who don't play. I have never been able to trust myself with a golf club since that day in 1997. I did what I could with the little money I earned from Currys to contribute in some way to Sergei Gotsmanov's dental bills, but the friendship between us was never the same again. It didn't matter, I would probably struggle to walk around the course at present. A niggling calf injury has prevented me from being able to run. I have compensated for the lack of cardio with a punishing regime, including reps of 50 push-ups, performed in the privacy of my bedroom, without any clothes. A push-up is not constituted unless my knob kisses the carpet, which in my books is a more than adequate press-up.
Every cell in my body is spaced out – literally, the spacing between my cells has widened so I am becoming steam, air, vapour, a warm breeze, a lulling sea and its heady salty misty spray……
The army and the armed forces shall be a national institution responsible for defending the security of the homeland and its territorial integrity. This institution shall be in the service of the people’s interests and the protection of its objectives and national security.
"We have time." Demetrius insisted, kissing down to her neck and nibbling upon her sensitive flesh. She gripped his biceps and clenched her thighs.
The first egg was laid at 8.18 am on Wednesday 14 March and was spotted by viewers watching the nest via our live webcam. The second one was laid earlier today at 11.47 am. Video footage of the both eggs being laid is now available, alongside some other highlights from the year so far, on the ‘2012 footage’ section of www.ntu.ac.uk/falcons.
Yes, the stakes need to be raised to a level where the reader doesn't say, "so what?"
First off, Egypt Independent, as part of a series of articles on ordinary everyday Cairenes, offers "A Day in the Life of a Bellydancer." She dances on a Nile boat club. But she's from Argentina. In fact, quite a few of Egypt's belly dancers in the big hotels and other venues are Europeans or North or South Americans, or from elsewhere in the Middle East.
I do have a step box and a workout DVD that I am gonna try out today. I also bought the Zumba for the Wii and need to crack that open and get cracking. I found out this week that there is a Submarine Ball in April and I would like to fit into the dress I had from last year I just hope I don't drop too much and it not fit loose wise wouldn't that be a hoot tho.
Forrest
The above photos are of my stand, I should have taken more of other people's, but as I didn't know a lot of them I didn't have enough time to ask permission and introduce myself. (something I feel strongly about if one is going to use other people's images on the blog).
Row 12- sk 4 sc on row 11, attach w/sl st to next sc,ch1, sc in sm sp, sc in 19 sc (20)
Beccaria, who was quoted by Thomas Jefferson and John Adams, was deeply influential at the time of the American founding. Modern research on human behavior has validated his time-honored criminological theory.
But like me and any other vaguely interested observer will point out: in any given mainstream discussion on power generation, the rationality is always inversely proportional to the mentions of the atom smashing. In the end, pragmatism wins out.
All in the Details
Kathy Love brings a knew take on vampires living in the modern world.
"Possibly, it will be necessary to use military means to breach the Georgian transport blockade and establish transport corridors leading into Armenia," according to Yury Netkachev, former deputy commander of Russian forces in Transcaucasia. Geography of the region suggests that any such supply corridor would have to go through the middle of Georgia approaching Georgia's capital of Tbilisi given the roads and topography of the country.
Mon - Garlic Broccoli Pasta with Blackened Chicken. Made with olive oil and a blend of itlian cheeses, it a lighter pasta with all the taste - chicken will be precooked and ready, pasta will need to be cooked and the broccoli comes ina ready to steam microvaable bag, super easy I promise.
P.S. My thanks to all the people out there who know more than I do and are willing to share their wisdom. Stealing another favorite line from a favorite movie, The Wizard of Oz, (sing along everyone), “I’ve been whiling away the hours, conversing with the” . . . bloggers.
Freud himself made no bones about his ‘sort of greed for knowledge’; knew well the process whereby ‘research becomes to some extent compulsive, a substitute for sexual activity.’ He was aware too of the tension in his work between speculation and restraint – ‘the succession of boldly playing imagination and ruthlessly realistic criticism.’ He would probably also have accepted the description of ‘Freud’s habitual thought pattern of going from a minute detail to a high-level abstraction and back again to detail,’ as well as of ‘Freud’s characteristic propensity for turning crushing defeat to brilliant intellectual advantage.’
The doctor discussed the benefits of Kung Fu Scrat from Ice Age Village over Angry Birds. Scrat just kicked their feathered butts in terms of distraction from pain. He keeps joking about setting up a clinical study to determine the therapeutic effects of Angry Birds in a clinical setting. Whatever…Becky made it through another round of Botox with very little discomfort; hooray, to that! We celebrated by going to Krispy Kreme Donuts. I know, very bad, but so gooood!
Jerry DiPoto, Dave Veres, Mike DeJean = 1 point
First was the Margarita Wear race top. It fits great and holds up very well. I was pleasantly surprised when I took it for a spin at the gym. The top hugged my body and didn't slip or pull up during my work out. It is very breathable and I didn't get hot, plus it seemed to absorb the sweat so I wasn't left with a wet, icky shirt to go home it. I didn't feel constricted and it was very easy to move it. The top also keeps its shape after wear which is great! Did I mention that I LOVE the colors as they are easy to match with pants and can also be worn with jeans if you like comfy clothes. The side panels do great things for my shape and make me look at least 10 pounds lighter.
Yes, well. See. I've been sick. And in Chicago. And revising.
The Heron
"Daffodils are pretty." (There are pot daffodils in the room.)
This is an old time recipe that's so dear to me. It came from my mama's kitchen and it's called the Krauting Recipe.
The only thing he didn’t get is my lavender. But that’s because my lavender was too big to attack.
Daniel King – Davenport
Show you step-by-step how to create and publish your own e-book.
group of us were walking down the sidewalk and a guy approached us
Lee has received awards from the Advertising and Design Club of Canada, Registered Graphic Designers of Ontario, Applied Arts Magazine, and For Print Only. She has been profiled on the Design Exchange blog, Design Edge Canada, and the upcoming Design Activist’s Handbook (2012). Her first video game, Unicorn Justice Fighter/Unicorn Robber Baron, was featured on CBC’s The National in a segment called “Female Video Game-Changers.”
But there have been some positives during this non-writing time period. I had many conversations with lots of different people and that always triggers the old idea machine. I am amazed at how the simplest comment from the most unknowing of souls can become the very words that change the course of a story. So cool.
That's right, friends - and I use the term loosely - Aaron frakin' Rodgers! The Packers squeaked by the Giants to preserve their perfect no-loss season and in the process lifted your 2011 neophyte nonames into the hunt for playoff contention.
Just click here and have a go... oh and it wont ask you for real names, e-mail addresses or any personal information (do please add a user name or nickname tho, so I know who to send the prize too!).
Annoyingly I still had pangs of the gravity,
On Saturday morning I made jam. I use a really basic recipe of about 1 kg raspberries, 600/700 grams sugar and juice from a half a lemon as I don't like the jam too sugary. For the first time I used the water canning method which seemed to work really well. I now have 5 jars of raspberry jam which we will hopefully add to over the coming months. I am thinking apricot jam and maybe even some tomato chutney. But for now I have another almost kilo of raspberries to devour!
Rome. Since Monday 17 the Commission on Food Security (CFS) is in session at the seat of the FAO in Rome. The problems discussed are as important as they are controversial amongst the member states of the CFS.
4 weeks (Course) + 2 weeks (Study time) + 4 weeks (Exam results) + 6 weeks (CEA Registration) = 16 weeks. That’s 4 months!
Day Off
So here I am, a fool before you.
it’s the REAL you..
Thinking is and should be native to humans.
(CalBIS) * California Business Permit Information (CalGOLD) * California Business Portal * California Business, Transportation and Housing Agency * California Cal Grants * California CalJOBS * California Cal-Learn Program * California CalVet Home Loan Program * California Career Resource Network * California Cemetery and Funeral Bureau * California Center for Analytical Chemistry * California Center for Distributed Learning * California Center for Teaching Careers (Teach California) * California Chancellors Office * California Charter Schools * California Children and Families Commission * California Children and Family Services Division * California Citizens Compensation Commission * California Civil Rights Bureau * California Coastal Commission * California Coastal Conservancy * California Code of Regulations * California Collaborative Projects with UC Davis * California Commission for Jobs and Economic Growth * California Commission on Aging * California Commission on Health and Safety and Workers Compensation * California Commission on Judicial Performance * California Commission on State Mandates * California Commission on Status of Women * California Commission on Teacher Credentialing * California Commission on the Status of Women * California Committee on Dental Auxiliaries * California Community Colleges Chancellors Office, Junior Colleges * California Community Colleges Chancellors Office * California Complaint Mediation Program * California Conservation Corps * California Constitution Revision Commission * California Consumer Hotline * California Consumer Information Center * California Consumer Information * California Consumer Services Division * California Consumers and Families Agency * California Contractors State License Board * California Corrections Standards Authority * California Council for the Humanities * California Council on Criminal Justice * California Council on Developmental Disabilities * California Court Reporters Board * California Courts of Appeal * California Crime and Violence Prevention Center * California Criminal Justice Statistics Center * California Criminalist Institute Forensic Library * California CSGnet Network Management * California Cultural and Historical Endowment * California Cultural Resources Division * California Curriculum and Instructional Leadership Branch * California Data Exchange Center * California Data Management Division * California Debt and Investment Advisory Commission * California Delta Protection Commission * California Democratic Caucus * California Demographic Research Unit * California Dental Auxiliaries * California Department of Aging * California Department of Alcohol and Drug Programs * California Department of Alcoholic Beverage Control Appeals Board * California Department of Alcoholic Beverage Control * California Department of Boating and Waterways (Cal Boating) * California Department of Child Support Services (CDCSS) * California Department of Community Services and Development * California Department of Conservation * California Department of Consumer Affairs
Share Your Story
TB
I love the story Rainbow Fish! My Kinders are in need of some "friendship intervention." I thought that this story was perfect...great lessons in sharing and being a friend! Rainbow Fish it is!! The books that I choose to read during snack time are not a part of our curriculum. However, I always try to talk about whatever skill we are working on and always refer back to our comprehension posters.
That’s the good news. Here’s the bad. I know a lot of booksellers wouldn’t share this information, but I’m still new enough to bookselling that I’m not afraid to say it:
Some dark & dreary tower
Because I'm thinking my klutzy arse would not be safe with a sharp utility knife whilst on pain killers...
My way through chimeric visions
We finished up our "location" shoot, packed up and headed home. But as we got in our neighborhood, the moon had risen even higher and was brighter. Trophy husband started looking for a spot to pull over and get some shots.
Alternative treatment of cancer is complicated, and there are many choices in therapies and alternative practitioners. Consumers should consult as many trained healthcare practitioners as possible when choosing alternative therapies.
Oh, what a nice problem to have!!!
to believe. I committed
I'm also thinking of trying White Labs English/British or Irish Ale yeast for this one. This will be a first as well as I have only used dry yeast in my previous batches. I may even try making a yeast starter as well. Oh, what an adventurous lad I am!!
If you are interested in entering our DT Call there are two simple steps to enter:
I’ve never been homeless. I can’t begin to imagine what it’s like. I can only sympathize with those who are, and Blue’s explanation conjures sympathy in me for this character. But before that—when I had only the film to go on, I didn’t feel much. The hooper’s physical state isn’t degraded; she’s fresh-faced and a bit plump, and while there’s more than one way to be homeless, the way this woman has managed it does not make her appear that desperate.
Tricia Goyer is a CBA best-selling author and the winner of two American Christian Fiction Writers’ Book of the Year Awards (Night Song and Dawn of a Thousand Nights). She co-wrote 3:16 Teen Edition with Max Lucado and contributed to the Women of Faith Study Bible. Also a noted marriage and parenting writer, she lives with her husband and children in Arkansas. www.triciagoyer.com
Investigations on Monday in Abuja showed that though some members of the PDP were mounting pressure on the President to remove Azazi, the party’s National Working Committee and other chieftains were divided on the issue.
The Central Florida Writing Project connected me with educators outside of my classroom, teachers' lounge or school. Suddenly there was a network of committed, like-minded teachers I could call upon to process instructional issues or to share ideas. I knew then and I know now that the Writing Project gets results. Beyond the student achievement results, the Writing Project kept me in teaching, a field that weathers more than a 30% turnover rate in the first 5 years. Teacher turnover costs the nation an estimated 2.2 Billion dollars a year. How much did the National Writing Project cost us? According to the Appropriations Committee, 25.6 Million dollars. Million. Not billion. Can we afford not to retain quality teachers invested in learning?
So once again, I've covered my canvas in Gesso and cheesecloth and then sprayed it in glimmer mist and set about decorating it. The adorable Brother and Sister Tilda and Edwin stamp came out along with the Eiffel Tower (one of my favourites). I used these stamps as they reminded me of my Hubby and I when we were in Paris.
Resolution #2: I will not look like a lost puppy when shopping for baby gifts at Target.
MORALS: In a crisis, fuck other people. Except you won’t survive without them. But also, fuck them.
Rustie – Cat Nip
The Lion Brewery got into the craft brewing business about a year ago and decided to revamp its Stegmaier brand, keeping the traditional Gold Medal label that has been around since 1857.
Blogging is great. It's fun, it connects us with fantastic people, it provides a great opportunity for writing practice. And there are very definite rules on doing it well (Catherine Ryan Howard writes brilliantly about this in her book Self-Printed).
Welcome to the sixth Magnolia-licious Christmas Card Blog Hop. This group was created for Magnolia lovers who want to get a jump on the Christmas season by creating a Christmas card each month. If you are visiting this blog hop, I hope it will inspire you to get ahead of the holiday season and join us in our endeavor.
After mid-morning Mass and a late lunch, my daughter and I walked to our backyard pond. Already there fishing were my brothers and a sister-in-law. My little girl picked up a pink Disney Princess fishing pole and I picked up a very cold Corona and wrapped it up in a tight fitting, new koozie.
I have always loved Spring, it is the season when everything comes alive. And it allows me to plant my seeds and start making my little garden look pretty.
This is just one example. Of course sex is the biggest thing promoted and is ultimately the source of all, if not most, of the relationship problems faced today. At least that’s what I think. If you can get past sex being the motive in the relationship, whether directly or indirectly, there should be a decent decrease in divorce rates and teen pregnancies.
It's been my experience that a lot of people have double standards when it comes to keeping secrets; it's ok for them but not for you. This is especially true when it comes to children. I don't know why adults believe children ought to share everything, when we all know adults never share everything. I think it's because it's easy to forget that children are people and as such, have things that are private.
The papers did not mention “the incident” but there were references to my words, including this text. The scandal was minor and I included the text in the closing reception. This time the Mayor wasn’t there and it was applauded.
VIDEO BLOG
A friend of mine said to me today: “Well, you have stayed in your current building too long. You have outgrown it. It’s just not a fit anymore”.
Alesi was a rising star from an early age and was actually into rallying rather than motor racing in his early days. He graduated through the French motorsport system which was thriving at the time and won the F3000 championship in 1989. Tied on points with compatriot Erik Comas, Alesi’s three wins including at Pau and Birmingham were enough to give him the title as Comas could only win twice. This followed a French Formula 3 title in 1987.
Albarn and Blur gained commercial and critical success on the back of 1994s Parklife, and Albarn became one of the leading lights in the Britpop movement. However, their success also lay partly in a well documented feud with fellow Britpop band Oasis. Though at the 1995 BRIT Awards Albarn had announced he thought Blur's "Best Band" award should be shared with Oasis, by 1996 relations had soured. The differing styles of the bands, Oasis being gritty, working-class, and Northern, and Blur being art rock, middle-class, and Southern, coupled with their prominence within the Britpop movement, led the British media to seize upon the supposed rivalry between the bands, and Albarn, along with Alex James, exchanged insults with Oasis' Noel and Liam Gallagher through the press. Noel Gallagher courted controversy, telling The Observer that he hoped Albarn and Alex James would "catch AIDS and die".
I told my husband that I felt like we needed to make some changes, but that I just didn't know where to start. I've never been healthy. We never diet. We never exercise. We usually choose fast food over "slow" food. We use our Lipscomb meal plan to buy Chick-fil-A, Blue Coast burritos, and lots and lots of lemonade and Starbucks. There are days I don't eat a fruit, vegetable or even drink water! (However, I always feed Eli tons of fruits, veggies, water, milk, etc. - although I was starting to let him eat some bad stuff, like Poptarts!)
This past weekend, for example, I borrowed inspiration from Rachel’s Quiche Lorraine for our picnic at the open-stage theatre at Fort Canning Park, where the Singapore Repertory Theatre put on a modern rendition of “Twelfth Night“. We heartily enjoyed the light, witty and very entertaining staging of this much loved Shakespearean comedy. Our picnic fare contributed a great deal to making our thespian outing a success. I hereby present my Quiche Bulgarien:
I’m really not that sad anymore, rather I am positively looking toward the future. I’m working on coming up with new material for Blurzog Productions, and my wonderful friends will be right there with me to help. (I make some videos by myself; but it’s that team effort, that group force of friends working together to make something great that makes a difference.)
I wonder if having no sacraments is a factor in the rise of these types of ministry approaches.
As philosopher and novelist Richard Kearney puts it, in all storytelling the storyteller works with bits and pieces of experience from their world: things the listeners know, and things they know about from others past and present. The storyteller spins the bits and pieces into a tale which makes sense of them and shows the world in a new and clearer light.
--how people on the left feel about alliances with the libertarians of the Institute for Justice (IJ), leader of the national fight against eminent domain (short answer: fine, and maybe liberals who support eminent domain should think again)
Yesterday at 4:2, with United playing some of the most fluid football we’ve played all season – you wouldn’t of thought Everton were going to get anything out of the game. Everton had other plans, Moyes rather than going defensive went for it, and confirmed in his post match interview that he knew Everton had another goal in them at 4:2. Moyes has been touted on several occasions as Ferguson’s successor, although personally I’m not totally sold on the idea you can understand why he’s being tipped to take on the reigns at Old Trafford after Sir Alex decides to call it a day. Everton are never an easy win, they come to play, give you a tough game, and with yesterdays performance you can see that they never give up – a trait similar to ours at Old Trafford. Moyes has done great on a shoe string budget with limited players and keeps his players working hard, like I mentioned personally I feel the step up would be too high for Moyes but whether you like it or not he does have some similarities to our manager.
Stand with courage, even if it means the end of our jobs, the end of our positions in life…or even the end of our very lives.
:: On Friday I will have had this particular bun (You know, the one with one more chromosome than your bun. Ha!) in my fleshy oven for exactly 2 whole trimesters, the second of which, as far as I've been told by nauseating literature and some peeps who may have actually had children without feeling like they should write nauseating books about it, should have been the easiest of the complete set of 3. However, as I threw up my morning coffee while I was brushing my teeth this morning (I'm afraid the toothbrush might just disintegrate from all the stomach acid that has recently come its way) I strongly disagreed. But that's just me. I have no nauseating books to my name. And only two of the three trimesters.
Even half-wit I mentioned before probably figured these ones out. I can’t even imagine what an actual conversation with one of these people would be like.
The next day, when she’d unwrapped the cage and hugged me and said through the smiles that it was the best present she’d ever had, the questions started.
So you see that the value total of the items is..￥20,685 (around $251 USD) crazy! plus you get the free bag.
However, Borsten has to travel into the past to obtain the tools needed to pull this off. The Conglomerate has intel saying that with one more trip, Borsten will be able to complete his plans, purify the global water supply and destroy the soames standard, thus toppling the Conglomerate from controlling the US. Their plan is to stop Borsten by getting Hex back into the Needle, allowing him to use the time machine to return to the 1800's and destroy the machine in the process. They explain that they have a man inside the Needle that will help Hex, but the spy is unable to gain access to the time machine area, whereas Jonah is a 'one-man army'.
Adapted from the 360 game “The iDOLM@STER 2″, the show follows the chronicles of 13 girls as they try to make it to the top of idol stardom. Haruka, Ami, Mami, Hibiki, Yukiho, Miki, Makoto, Chihaya, Iori, Azusa, Takane, and Yayoi work for a small company, 765 Pro, headed by “The Chief” and led by producer Akizuki Ritsuko, a former idol, they started out only getting a few jobs here and there, until they hired another producer to help bring in more work. Throughout the series, as they gain more and more notoriety and stardom, their individual characters, reasons for being idols, friendships, and even their professional carrier come under fire in a tough-as-nails world of being a star.
killing of certain political officers.Before Oyerinde was killed in the
notes strong and clear
* still cameras (pocket cameras to DSLR cameras – do they have video capabilities)
Want an excerpt of the book? I'm not flooding my blog with it. 3 excerpts, from the lives of 3 ladies. (The book is written with chapters about Gemma, then Jojo, then Lily, and it rotates between the three of them as the book progresses.) Read them here.
To make breakfast whilst reading you need to know the layout of your kitchen very well indeed.
Big commitment today for the Dawgs as Sterling Bailey (6’4″ 235lb. DE out of East Hall), one of the state’s top defensive prospects made his decision to wear Red and Black public.
Sweetest carol ever sung:
Funny story - Mr. 2SB had no energy after the ceremony and was already exhausted (much to do with the drinking the night before) so my cousin and my brother M's roommate were given a special mission...buy some 5 Hour Energy and wait for us outside the reception. Needless to say...those little things allowed Mr. 2SB to enjoy the entire reception and to not get in trouble! ;) It is true...I was not mad one bit that he had a little too much to drink the night before. He rarely gets to see his buddies and I wanted him to have fun with them. Regardless of how he felt, he was gonna have to push through the night...and I think he knew that!
The sun went down, the weariness of the day sat in and my girls took pity. Just like children, animals have their moments when their soul is all you see. Moments when you just know exactly what they are thinking. Either that or I was more exhausted than I thought I was.
“Dr. Bob firmly believed that ‘love and service’ are the cornerstones of Alcoholics Anonymous” (The Co-Founders of Alcoholics Anonymous: Biographical Sketches. Their Last Major Talks). NY: Alcoholics Anonymous World Services, Inc., 1972, 1975, p. 9).
This recipe is so easy that it only calls for three ingredients. Three. 3. T.H.R.E.E. That's it. Bonelesss chicken breasts. Salsa. And taco seasoning.
1) Make zucchini slaw
Level 6: Accuracy: +120, Speed: +17, Jump: +12.
“Given that the Bersih 3.0 rally had been announced on April 4, 2012, there was no need to have obtained the order ex parte.
The relatively small amounts of capital held by banks in relation to the money they had lent was a major cause of the economic crisis, and of the state bailout of banks. Moves are already in place to increase the size of this capital, in the ‘Basel III’ reforms and the UK’s ‘Vicker’s report, with the latter advocating capital of 10%. These plans may not, however go far enough to prevent further crashes and bailouts, and the financial industry is lobbying for the least stringent measures it can get away with. Government needs to impose tough regulations on this front, to force a much higher level of stability on to the banking system.
And my regrets try to get in the way
Here's just a taste of what is out there on the web to help us all appreciate a pioneering feminist and exquisitely exacting craftswoman:
lines and creases in your face to create the perfect, smooth canvas for your foundation. It is also a great moisturizer.
Do you remember where you were when you heard the news of 9/11? Yesterday, I asked a girl in my class how old she was when 9/11 occurred and she said she was 8 years old! I couldn't help but laugh because she was so young. Not that I was much older, but I will honestly never forget where I was.
pressing!
Incidentally, Alex sits directly across from Ted. After tonight, she may want to reconsider that.
What book took you the longest to read, and do you feel it was the content or just the length that made it so?
4 Tbs. Soy Sauce
Well our first feedback has just arrived from the youth forum we did last weekend and it has instilled in me great faith in this idea of ripples that might influence social change. I also think that the earlier you encounter these ripples the better (ie younger the participants).
In other words, I’m back in action, chickens.
4. The Library Journal copy then sums up for us the power of the story—“This is a heartbreaking look at how a teenager can be defined by one mistake.”
weakening fire-hoses and riled hounds of taught hate;
And then Agamemnon speaks to me… But not with words… Nor Does he Gaze my way
You know how Australians judge a ‘good’ Chinese restaurant by the number of ‘authentic’ Chinese diners within? Well, if the same value judgement can be made with respect to a specialist beer venue and brewers, then The Local Taphouse might just be the best bar in the whole wide, wide, wide world ever.
It didn’t seem too complicated at first. Sure, there were all those competing definitions, but really, they had a lot in common — the general idea being that haiku should express in a handful of syllables some brief but complete moment of passing enlightenment. I was totally down with that. I need more enlightenment anyway. I ran around looking for it and sat with my laptop for hours permutating (sometimes mutilating) words to try to express it. Those first efforts seemed pretty satisfying to me, sort of the way their first few drunken lurches on their own two feet seem pretty satisfying to babies. Haiku! Like walking! Nothing to it!
Another way of saying it is–can a story ever escape immanence? Aren’t stories always taking place within the mind of an author or reader–and aren’t they always an entity of the material universe… and don’t they require the presence and passing of time… History, one must remember is always really just a story…
Course Location: Photo Language Gallery
11:45 am – 1 pm Lunch (on your own)
In my defense, at least the card will be made of their picture and I hand-written the message and at least I look bright and happy in yellow :-D
Susan Thur
The boys had spent the better part of the afternoon exploring the woods that sat behind the parks on Fort George Avenue and bordered the bustle of traffic running along the Harlem River Drive. The woods were familiar territory for both of them, they explored simply because that is what boys did. There was nothing in the parks wooded expanse that could, or should have surprised them.
The Biology Files: Huffington Post: Irresponsible mouthpiece for the ...: Huffington Post is notorious for publishing anti-science garbage. But I don't think anything they've vomited into the Webosphere is as egre...
What I thought about this card then: Didn't see it.
SUMMARY: A devastating loss leads to an unexpected road trip in this novel from the author of Moonglass, whose voice Sarah Dessen says “is fresh and wise, all at once.”
6. Moonrise Kingdom
my quick one, my keen one, and diddly-doe.”
People think it’s easier to forgive yourself than to forgive someone else.All love,after all,is derived from self-love.But is it ? A mother knows better.When you see your child,a part of you,suffering and can do nothing about it,that part somewhere within you dies a thousand deaths.Bhartii was always closer to me than her dad.And what good did that do her ? I still can’t do anything about it,i might as well consider myself the one to blame.I have failed as a mother,as a woman and as the mentor Bhatii always thought i was to her.As i look at her face now,i can almost touch the cold knife,the hurt,the dread and the feeling that my child still has a long way to go if she is to come out of the torment she is in.
And what some Americans call christianity is behind much of it.
and Miss Kitty is glad to have us back.
Sidenote: I am also using that layout as one of the Club CK Issue Challenge entries for March/April. We were challenged to create our own circle embellishment. I pieced together the circle using scraps of this same line of paper and topped it off with the large button in the middle.
Please don’t, whatever you do, cast Keira Knightly. I know she’s become the automatic go-to-girl for period films, whether she’s right for the role or not, but just say no! Other actresses to avoid Gwyneth Paltrow, Anne Hathaway, Julia Roberts, Hilary Swank, or Charlize Theron.
Azatl
With hindsight, it might have been better not to have this conversation in the middle of a crowded cafe, but when the Muse comes knocking, what can you do?
The polyphenols in popcorn are more concentrated because it is made up of just four per cent water, the researchers said. In comparison, polyphenols are diluted in the 90 per cent of water that makes up many fruits and vegetables.
To help remember the things they did, And WHAT was said by WHO!
her vestal livery is but sick and green (of course, the Queen's livery was green and white.)
Top 16 Compete
"Syrin! We almost died. Can't you just take one second and..."
Allow me to set the scene – I am a huge fan of British comedy, in particular our timeless sitcoms (or Britcoms, as they seem to be referred to these days). Whether it’s Rowan Atkinson’s sharp wit in Blackadder or John Cleese’s bumbling antics in Fawlty Towers, our fair country has undeniably produced some classics in its time. So, imagine the excitement I must have felt when I recently heard that US telly producers intend to bring back the most famous Britcom of all, Only Fools and Horses, for an American audience.
Many operating systems and cryptographic software products give you an option to store cryptographic keys on the computer. The advantage is convenience – you don’t have to handle the key – but it comes at the cost of security. The keys are usually obfuscated (that is, hidden), and some of the obfuscation methods are quite good. But in the end, no matter how well-hidden the key is, if it’s on the computer it can be found. It has to be – after all, the software can find it, so a sufficiently-motivated bad guy could find it, too. Whenever possible, use offline storage for keys. If the key is a word or phrase, memorize it. If not, export it to a floppy disk, make a backup copy, and store the copies in separate, secure locations. (All of you administrators out there who are using Syskey in “local storage” mode—you’re going to reconfigure your server right this minute, right?)
We were asked not to pre-wash the fabric, which meant, I immediately started pressing and cutting it into 5"x5" squares. One yard of fabric turned into 56 squares. Ah! So relaxing and rewarding. Can I just do that going forward!?
Liberal-Multiculturalism is the new religion of pity that always supports the weak at the expense of the strong. Everything must be tolerated and discrimination against any weak group is strictly forbidden and the weak will always be painted as the good. This means that given a choice between discrimination and pity Liberal-Multiculturalists will choose pity; when forced to choose between reality or fantasy they will choose fantasy; and when given a choice between superiority and inferiority they will willingly subjugate themselves to inferiors.
The problem in defense is how far you can go without destroying from within what you are trying to defend from without. ~Dwight D. Eisenhower
My involvement in the BC Conservatives dates back before anyone even really knew there was a party in that name. In 2002 I was asked by the local Liberal riding president to come help them (I was also on the Canadian Alliance board at the time) which would have potentially put me in a very lucrative position for any future political aspirations I may have had. My answer to him was simple – thank you but I’m not a BC Liberal, I’m a BC Conservative.
Another presentation that I attended was presented by Marilee Sprenger, who is a very prolific author on brain research and it’s applications in the classroom. I have always wanted to hear her speak, because I have read a few of her books and found them very interesting! Unfortunately, I only caught the last half of her session due to the need to drop off a box of products in the exhibit hall at that time. But what I did hear was very interesting, especially this “Physical Checklist for Readers.” Marilee says that most children that can read can also do the following physical activities:
**Note** I halved the recipe to make about 18 cupcakes. It worked very well. I used a standard cream cheese frosting tinted with pink gel food coloring.
Cable Congress 2011 will take place in Lucerne, Zurichfrom the 15-17th February 2011. The innovative location of KKL Luzern, right in the heart of Lucerne, boasts a world renown venue which is directly connected to Zurich airport.
I hope you can find the time to join us this week at the ColourQ. Be sure to stop by and get some inspiration. The girls have been busy and they have created some amazing cards and scrapbook pages.
STAY CALM & GO RAKE THE GARDEN!
To get back at Carlos for stealing her client, Gaby redecorates Carlos’s shabby office with all kinds of fancy furnishings to make Doris thinking her money isn’t going to the addicts. Doris is furious and leaves. Carlos can’t make Gaby understand that he only wanted the money for the center, Gaby is convinced he just wanted to win because he’s a shark and he always will be. Carlos is not too happy with that assessment of his character.
It is about that time of year again, when HGTV makes one lucky person extremely happy with the Dream Home giveaway. This year the setting is in Park City, Utah. The giveaway show is next weekend, so tune in! Learn more at HGTV's website. In the meantime, check out this beautiful home's great room. I am in love with the pairing of all the natural stone, the dark wood window trim, and the modern patterns. Designer Linda Woodrum outdid herself!
The thing that kind of disappointed me however was the lack of interaction with sand. I’ve been hearing a lot about how sand plays a major role and you can even use it in combat situations to mess with enemies. The demo did introduce me to the concept in the beginning as I got to shoot out glass above a group of guys and it came rushing down crushing them. I’m sure there are more tactical options like this in the main game and who knows maybe I missed more opportunities like this in the demo. I do hope that this is a large element to the game because it is a very unique feature and was disappointed to not have had a chance to really experience it.
Rachel and I were messing around with handprints again this evening and we stumbled into making this craft which turns the ordinary handprint into butterflies. It's great for our People, Prayers and Potatoes this week with it's theme of Love because it reinforces how God wants us to Love and care for the world and all it's animals and plants.
There were two main play areas, and lots of greenery with a few hilly areas, god knows how we both ended up there, but we did and like most six yr olds we were up for some mischief.
Nell Greenfieldboyce at NPR must have drawn the short straw and was given this story about how our helpful government is planning on attacking the housing problem in the mus musculus world.
The Vernal Equinox arrives here in the Northern Hemisphere on Tuesday, March 20th, at 1:14 am (EDT) — bringing the earliest arrival of spring in 116 years. Wishing you and yours a very Buddha-ful season!
“Schools have a responsibility under law to ensure children are insulated from political activity and campaigning in the classroom. . . . While faith schools, rightly, have the freedom to teach about sexual relations and marriage in the context of their own religion, that should not extend to political campaigning.”
I'm on the countdown to the big Birthday Party - it's GROWING! Don't know if I said it but I'm having a huge 60th birthday party and have invited a lot of the people I have worked with for the last 17 years. Since I work in the largest hospitals in South Texas and I've been there so long there are a lot of people. I'm expecting anywhere from 40-80 and every day I see more people that I think - oh I need to invite them. It's a very close knit hospital and even the house cleaning people have been there ever since they started working - some 20-30+ years! I had to stop with mostly nurses and techs and some of the mid level providers - if I had added ALL the docs I know we would never have been able to feed them all. I did ask a few of the ones I've worked with since forever but mostly my close ICU workerbees.
I’m continuously telling my daughter to trust that life will take her where she needs to go, if she only will follow her heart and intuition. It’s so hard to do that when you’re 20 and you feel the weight of the world pressing down on you to BE SOMETHING and get a job and make something of yourself. But from this aged vantage point, it’s so clear that all the mistakes and missteps and weird choices and uncertainty are what give you the courage & heart to find what you truly love and be what you are meant to be. And ultimately add so greatly to your life.
I've included a couple of songs here but it was seriously difficult to choose because I loved so many.
I guess even the people in the Middle Ages who made this woodcut thought a literal talking tower was a bit silly
In your family, no one is the teacher, but everyone learns from all the others. It is not that your time on your bicycle is your "education." Every day is your life, no matter how it is spent. Time on your bicycle is not valued more than time spent walking or running or sitting still. Your choosing to do something makes it valuable. You learn from all things you do, but the learning does not need to be measured. Your parents don't keep track of how fast or how far you go each day. You get to learn what you want at your own pace. You don't have to keep up with anyone else.
The Vision Of The Anointed by Thomas Sowell (excellent)
Both men meet a Magician/Sorcerer character who takes them each on a confused Journey… Conchis a Greek shipping Magnate of great wealth in The Magus, much like Aristotle Onassis; and in Steppenwolf a seemingly Bohemian Avante-Garde Musician in Jazz in the 1920’s named Pablo…
Start off by lining a tray of some description, I used an oven tray, with greaseproof paper and then oil it gently, if you have some spray oil that's best. Set the lined tray aside.
7. Advanced Dungeons & Dragons: I know a lot of people didn’t like the turn of Pierce becoming evil this season. I wasn’t big on it either. But Chevy Chase absolutely killed it in this episode as a seriously evil dude. The Abed/Annie sex scene was a thing of beauty. And I just love that this show will introduce a character named Fat Neil, have him in for about 10 seconds in two episodes, and then give a whole episode about him. I love that this show wants to give that kind of depth to the more minor characters.
The antithesis is: "not to have a soul," "not to become," "not to will." Therefore: "being" is not the antithesis of non-being, appearance, nor even of the dead (for only something that can live can be dead).
Nicholas Reid / Ill-Clothed But Widely Read / 128
When I can't decide which road to take,
It was then that a killer idea came to my mind(it’s strange,but they always do and no,I am not bragging!).
In "The Hangover Part II," Phil (Bradley Cooper), Stu (Ed Helms), Alan (Zach Galifianakis) and Doug (Justin Bartha) travel to exotic Thailand for Stu's wedding. After the unforgettable bachelor party in Las Vegas, Stu is taking no chances and has opted for a safe, subdued pre-wedding brunch. However, things don't always go as planned. What happens in Vegas may stay in Vegas, but what happens in Bangkok can't even be imagined.
Sign up as a follower, to enter my monthly, Cookbook Giveaways!
That hit me.
These are the heroes of the day. They have the biggest hearts. They slowed down to run with others and extended a spirit that isn't often seen at races like BOSTON. The went outside of themselves and embraced the bigger picture.
15th: 우리들의 행복한 시간 (Woo-ri-deul-eui Haeng-bok-han Si-gan/Maundy Thursday aka Our Happy Time, 2006)
Every name of God revealed to the Hebrews, as you will see throughout this study, was to reveal some portion of Himself and His nature to mankind. And in doing so, our Lord, Yahweh, calls us to be in awe of Him, of Who He is — to worship Him.
Did you know that chillies are leading source of vitamin C. They are not usually eaten in large quantities but the more you eat, the healthier you go…there are studies that chillies acts as an anticoagulant and thus may help prevent heart attacks…
The film also received a nomination for the best foreign-language screenplay Oscar at the 84th Academy Awards.
HOLLY: I actually created a playlist for DBAW from songs that struck me before and during writing:
No matter, however, for Friday night was London Drinker night. Swinging my way into the weekend with the news of my second place in Pete Brown/ The Publican's new beer writer competition (check out petebrown.blogspot.com for the details) I was up for some classic beer fest fun. I got it, in the form of chats with lovely CAMRA friends, reunions with pals we had not seen for ages, Tombola fun, and of course some yummy ol' beers. But the organising dudes still need to learn to get more dark ones on; they all disappear so quickly! I even managed to kit Lorraine out in a pair of the highly desirable and hard to come by CAMRA earrings- all cool real ale girls should own a pair.
Interpreters may also be asked to prepare for an assigned case by previously reviewing documents of record, such as charges, police reports, indictments, complaints and interview transcripts. Being familiar with the case may enable the legal interpreter to more accurately interpret what is being said.
As for Margaret, she’s consumed with guilt, but not because she drew Von Steuben’s attention. It’s because she knows she might take advantage of it. She barely musters the will to repel him the first time, which he interprets, perhaps fairly in this case, as an invitation to try again.
God knows the moment I will die. He knows how it will happen. Just like he knows what will happen tomorrow, and the next day, and the next, and the next. He knows everything. He knows my every thought, no matter how fleeting.
Okay, okay, enough with the mushy stuff, huh? Well, it’s all true, how they made me feel. I’ve been to other conferences for other things and don’t remember feeling quite as welcome as I did at this conference. Something like that deserves some recognition.
And can sprawl across the floor.
Arrange your lamps on either side of your light box, if the stands poke under your box -as they do in mine - then stand your box on some books to make it flat. Some people prefer to just use one lamp, but I find using 2 will eliminate all shadows and shows up the details on your work much better.
I’m wrecking your life not mine
With a law like this in place, the number of microbreweries in Texas would SKYROCKET. You could actually stay in business long enough to become a player in the game. Please write your representative about the bill and voice your support. Check out http://texasbeerfreedom.org/ for more information.
I had cultivated the front section, and the very back has garlic I planted in December (it should’ve been in November, but this winter it didn’t really matter). The middle was…basically, it was lawn. A nice thick thatch of invasive Bermuda grass, with a generous sprinkling of flowering weeds. In other words, backbreaking hours of work. I considered ways of leaving it fallow, so I wouldn’t have to clean up and maintain it all summer.
But I want people to know. Those cookies are not my fault.
There are those who have made the jump to an itinerant lifestyle, bugging out to places where the low pay is enough, effectively outsourcing this work to places where 30 dollars goes much further than it does in my chosen home. That’s not something I’m willing to do. And keep in mind some basic math — even were I to make 1000/month blogging, I could not live on my annual income. There are also some who manage to generate a decent income, but they have a highly targeted market, they have a sophisticated understanding of what the web likes, they are backing up all their words with the sale of a product or service that people want to buy. Having none of those things, I don’t expect to live off the first person scribblings of this blog.
I followed the recipe exactly, except I used unsweetened cocoa powder instead of regular cocoa powder the recipe called for. I’m not sure if it matters and I’m still trying to figure out if there is a difference, but I’m going to assume the unsweetened cocoa powder used in the brownies helped cut the sweetness. As decadent and sweet as it looked, it was not tooth aching sweet. It was perfect. It would be delicious warm with some vanilla ice cream on top.
Suggestions: Nothing really. Hats-off to the management for pulling this off and for the coaching staff on making a system that really works.
“The only terrorist most Americans will ever encounter is a policeman with a badge, nightstick, mace and Taser,” Paul Craig Roberts wrote in 2007. “Police brutality has crossed the line from using excessive force against a resisting Rodney King to unprovoked gratuitous violence against persons offering no resistance, such as the elderly, women, students, and elected officials.”
They started to get their adult feathers in, and I was so pleased to find we had one male, and one female. Like I said, my favorite part is the green heads. So, when I saw those green feathers coming in on Charlie’s head, I was so happy.
And they are killed by an organisation with a name so ironic it would be laughable it wasn’t true — the Mauritian Society for the Prevention of Cruelty to Animals.
It was such a fun and tiring night, but I’m glad I came. I can’t wait for the next Wizardry competition because the organizers are trying to include European competitors which I think is interesting.
And like that circle -
In other news, today I went and interviewed for an internship and was offered the job! I felt like such a big girl in my business suit, ha! I don't want to go into any detail about where, when, what company, etc. but I am absolutely thrilled and couldn't have wanted anything more! This is a huge opportunity and it's exactly what I want to do in the future! I am so blessed that this door was opened for me and can't wait to get my foot in the door. This whole real world thing isn't looking so bad after all!
I have also decided to keep all my paper scrap in a recycle bin to re-use or recycle instead of just binning it.
YMMV = Your Mileage May Vary. It basically means that your experience may be different from the rest
“You’re not coming in?” She asked me
For Baudrillard, ‘Counterfeit’ requires the presence of a unique original. Let’s take the example of Hems. He needed the original medieval objects which he used to inspire his workmen and even removed them from the places in which they were located into his workshop. We therefore assume that the medieval artefacts were ‘present’ in his workshop (though we cannot actually see them in the image above).
4.) WHAT IF I HAVE THE WORST HAIR DAY?! Speaking of hair, will I have it up/down, straight, curly?? UGH!
I've started a new job. And for that job, I have to wake up pretty early sometimes. But I am a night owl and a sleep procrastinator by nature.
"Oh, you mentioned something about the china pattern, you know, and Diana gave me directions. It was such a great deal, I could hardly pass it up, and after all, you ARE getting married, and I hope you'll be VERY happy..." and in a cloud of dust and kindness she was gone. I stood in the doorway, looking around me at plates and platters and teacups, all bearing the small pink roses and green leaves of my grandmother's every day dishes. Here they were. Here they were, found, bought and delivered to me out of nothing more than kindness. It would have been lovely to have the actual dishes from Grandmother's cupboards. But I wasn't sure it wasn't somehow even more wonderful to have these pieces, conjured out of kindness.
02. Trampled Underfoot
Ray decided to plow him field, much to the chagrin of the people in the town who think that Ray is bonkers and would lose his farm. He spends his life savings building the diamond, waiting for something to happen. Months go by with no response until there is a man walking in the diamond. It is Shoeless Joe Jackson (Ray Liotta). They play a mini game of baseball. When they are done playing, Ray and Joe realize that Joe cannot step foot outside of the diamond. Joe disappears into the cornfield.
As it was a few days ago now I will have to look back on my stories in order to remember how much editing I needed. On Monday I think I didn’t need much done to my stories and only had a sentence changed in each story (although I needed a bit of hand-holding through the pack as I got a tad confused about what specifics to highlight). Tuesday, however was a bit of a stretch.
This creamy dessert of a beer cocktail has an incredible melange of flavors, from the anise-tinged aquavit to cream sherry, rhubarb and chocolate bitters, one whole egg, and Stone Brewing's Smoked Porter.
Sat down this morning with a cup of the nastiest coffee I've probably ever drunk. And I drank it. The whole thing. Sat in silence, drinking tongue-coating nasty stuff. Tasting every sip. And sitting.
which is N76 m apiece.a deal which attracted an audit query from the
One of the smartest things writer-director Jeff Nichols does in questioning the source of Curtis’s visions is to remove god from the equation. With the divine in no way the source of his troubles, an all the more convincing diagnosis of mental illness can be made. But between Nichols’s script and Shannon’s deft work, there remains a thread of lucidity within his growing mania. And as the inevitable climax comes to pass, you find yourself – in the strangest way – hoping that Curtis may not be mad after all, despite the obvious alternative.
Native Status: Introduced
Thursday I was off work, but unfortunately not in a way that I could make myself useful at the flat/house. I was off ill. *insert sad face here*
The trouble with panic attacks is that they feel so bad you begin to fear the slightest symptom that suggests one is coming – thus creating an overwhelming self-feeding cycle in which your fear of panic is enough to create the attack. You forget what initially caused the anxiety. You really begin to understand the phrase – nothing to fear but fear itself. The other challenge was that I began to suffer from a kind of adrenal exhaustion and my immune system became very compromised. I was physically weak, experiencing insomnia and bad nightmares, and had a great many infections. I began to believe I would always be sick. I became quite phobic about it.
“What? You told someone what we’re doing? You lost your mind?” he whispered to her.
Within my twining
She shuts her eyes again
Toepfer's academic philanthropy paid handsome dividends over the years. Both British and German scholars have been reluctant to admit the full force of Toepfer's National Socialist past. Yet it was precisely during the Nazi regime that Toepfer began funding academic awards to European foreign students with much help coming from the infamous Joachim von Ribbentrop (1893-1946), Hitler's foreign minister.
5. She lives to make you laugh.
Of course the nonames victory wasn't solely on the back of AFR. No. Jets RB Shonn Greene contributed 28 fantasy points. And even Giants WR Hakeem Nicks posted a respectable 20.
Again as with contraception, abortion is portrayed as both a right and a further means of liberating women, in fact it is implied that to be opposed to abortion is to be anti-women. Indeed, popular culture regularly depicts those who are pro-life as being evil or unbalanced, meanwhile, people who are pro-choice/pro-death are portrayed as decent, rational and even rather heroic. As we all know when the media resort to propaganda, they have an agenda.
I’m afraid that it’s been a while since I’ve posted anything about Path Forging (only a year to the day!). For those of you who aren’t familiar with concept or what I’m trying to do with it, I give an explanation in my first post related to the topic. My plan is to resume these posts as time permits, probably about one per month… two if I’m feeling really inspired. Now without further ado…
So what drew me to these types of songs? Did I simply want to open my arms to the shower of all human emotions? Was I under the power of hormonal overdrive? Was I suppressing a buried sadness I wasn't willing to acknowledge or admit?
I think it would have been really fun to weave a ribbon through the spaces created when I stamped the border from the new CTMH "Snowflakes" stamp set (D1480), especially if I could have made the ribbon follow the same scalloped pattern as the stamp. Alas, I need to make several of these in a short amount of time, so it's basics only.
For me, simple is better. I’m not saying I’m only using a photo from my iPhone with a Times Roman font title (I just made the designer in you cringe, didn’t I?), but I’m very much of the “less is more” fan club–maybe because I’m an introvert or laidback or just plain know my own limitations on what I can and can’t do. I know I can’t afford a super expensive cover artist, no matter how talented they may be. That means I have to find someone in a reasonable price range, but who’s also willing to listen to my ideas and not take over just because they’re giving me a bargain and now want the reins.
Thank God in Heaven up above
The Supreme Court on Thursday found Prime Minister Gilani guilty of contempt of court and gave him a symbolic sentence of less than a minute for failing to reopen the corruption cases against President Asif Ali Zardari despite several court orders.
The only place in the Middle East where Christians aren't endangered but flourishing is Israel. Since Israel's founding in 1948, its Christian communities (including Russian and Greek Orthodox, Catholics, Armenians and Protestants) have expanded more than 1,000%.
It was even colder in Tri-City than it was in Toronto which we had left two hours before. The head of ref crew Matt S. Faction said to keep the jacket on, for indeed the arena was cold enough to lay down ice for hockey.
21. No. 21 In A 2:50
If you guessed that Romans used sponge-sticks for wiping their bottoms, you would be right!
I miss you more each Day!!!
First of all, you’re not alone. Everybody is a Pharisee, whether they cop to it or not. You’re ahead of the game by admitting it!
After relaxed breakfast and packup session Sunday morning, we rolled out. There is a dirt route you can drive that works south towards Capitol Reef but we needed to top off fuel in Hanksville so we got back on pavement and entered the park in a more traditional way. It was to be another gorgeous day, perfect for hiking. After a quick visit to the park’s visitor center to get some beta on the route we headed down to the trail head. The original idea was to hike Burrow Wash which is a technical route on the eastern side of the park. After a talk with one of the rangers he suggested Cottonwood Wash. Typically Cottonwood has numerous water obstacles requiring swimming and wading but this year it was almost entirely dry, a very unusual thing. This sounded like a good opportunity to explore the canyon without having to get wet.
But Sparky never strayed, not even once
Micah - Raises hand in the air and says about this tall
I think she was happy with us, I believe she had a good long life, although I would have liked it to be a lot longer. Amalia was put down due to a heart disease, that was slowly growing worse and making fluid gather in her body.
Radio: Old people like to toss salads and have golden showers. But are not practicing safe sex.
‘I’m sure it does.’
Cupertino
They don't even offer to drive around and look for the dog. Out of sight, out of mind. I really want to smack these two smug assholes.
I've contemplated deleting this blog for a while now but it's hard for me to let go, especially knowing all the work I put into creating it. so it will remain here solely for archival purposes.
Here are a few ideas to help you explore the topic, taken from Spanish Festivals and Traditions.
I wanted to ask you about something.
and we look forward to seeing another creation from you next weekend.
4.no morals
I probably should have stayed home and studied for my midterm, but after reading and reviewing graphs about marginal propensities, aggregate expenditures and equilibrium GDP for the last 3 days, it was time for a cool change.
She sold out in minutes.
I still continue to think about you. I am still replaying our last visit over and over again in my mind. You look incredible, and that image is burned into my memory and keeps popping up to remind me.
That began with the company’s 2,000 plus employees. For months they had been fed reassurance of Guide’s innocence. They had shared those reassurances with their friends, family … and probably a few priests. And, more often than not, I’d been the one to craft those messages.
There is clearly a love triangle here, and before readers completely dismiss this book it has to be said that this is a WELL done love triangle. I’ll admit that I loathe love triangles in young adults and it’s because they’re never well done or realistic. When I find a good love triangle, now that’s where the true magic begins. Unearthly has plenty of that magic. Clara is a great leading lady to be an Angel she has self doubts that we can all relate to, but can shore up her courage and resolve when she needs too. The author understands that people just don’t boom fall in love, it has to grown. Tucker reminds me of Wade from Hart of Dixie, loud and rude to his crush, but so sweet and thoughtful and one of the most beloved people around. Christian is the aloof and mysterious type that Clara is destined to save as her Purpose and thinks that maybe he might be her soul mate. Things don’t go how Clara expects.
He’s so pissed that he unveils his new super robot, but we only see that super robot for about oh, 1 second, because Felix throws the book of kingdom secrets at it and apparently love and wisdom and shit are just too powerful for a metal robot and he explodes. And naturally every single other robot explodes. And naturally this means Uncle Duke dies.
New was better. New was exciting. New was risky.
I think it’s most important to choose your friends well. I’m very happy that I’ve met some wonderful friends in voiceover and other circles. Their help and encouragement has been invaluable. You can find many of their blogs and groups on the right hand side of my blog page.
Hindustan Times
4) How old were you when you lost your virginity? Alternative question if you don’t want to answer this: What is your LEAST favorite part of your body since losing weight? Your MOST favorite since losing weight?
Bacarri Rambo is playing the part of Josh Nesbitt as the scout team prepares the defense for the Georgia Tech triple option. He’s a natural for the role, as he spent four years in high school running the same kind of offense as Tech’s. And he knows what the key to the game for the defense is:
“In the automotive industry, PA-12 is used pervasively in coatings and connector applications for fuel handling and braking systems. These are highly engineered products produced via very complex manufacturing processes,” the AIAG statement said.
It is difficult for me to reconcile the gentle, patient, kind and nonviolent Jesus with the impatient and often bitter Paul. Paul is quick to discredit women and focus solely on his message—namely that Jesus died for our sins as our lord and savior. Paul’s interpretation is one that Ireneaus and Constantine monopolized on years later. Is that what Jesus and God had intended upon? Was the intuition of the church, the unifying of ideas the goal all along? Or did Jesus simply seek to free us from the strict laws of Judaism and corrupt government? Christian Orthodoxy promotes obedience and unquestioning fellowship, yet Jesus sought to overturn the powers that be during his brief time. Although he did not rule a kingdom or sit on a throne, he proved powerful enough to unnerve those in control of Jerusalem. He created a stir, yet did not shed blood. He broke the rules and was punished for standing up to those who opposed him. Because he was special this was then acceptable, but those who tried to succeed him were prosecuted. Too many people tried to mimic him and this created a Christianity where obedience is enforced. Jesus was the exception to the rule if you believe Christian Orthodox thinking.
Make Love to yourself everyday:
2003 Louis Jadot Moulin-à-Vent Clos de Rochegrès Château des Jacques–Retail $25. I paid $17 with an online retailer. Tasted 2/19/12. This comes from the Beaujolais region, and is therefore made from the gamay grape. I had one of these a few years ago, but I had forgotten how good it was. I did not know what to expect given the range of tasting notes on Cellar Tracker, particularly the more recent ones. This bottle had a wonderful nose of red fruit, mocha and a hint of mint (but that could have been heat–I was paying a little too much attention to the hockey game at that point). On the palate, I was surprised by the rich mouth feel and the forward fruit given this is a Beaujolais with a few years on it. Also picked up some of the mocha on the back end. Medium finish. Really outstanding. Perhaps the best Beaujolais I have ever had. 93 points.
That's what was fortunate enough to happen to a very smart reader of mine. She created a new system for her paperwork and now there is no turning back because she is hearting her time investment so much, that she gets excited to file! Who knew right?!
The infiltration of this famous family was exposed in the September 2010 issue of Tatler, titled 'My Vegan Life'
In last week's filing, though, Vance scoffs at the idea Bloomberg's money was a donation to the party. "This argument seeks to mischaracterize the nature of the transferred funds," prosecutors wrote. "Haggerty deceived Bloomberg and his staff into sending the money to pay for a fictitious ballot security operation."
That last dress is beautiful and ethereal, but still manages to maintain an air of innocence, especially when paired with flat sandals instead of heels. I really love the idea of pairing beautiful dresses with flats.
After 35 minutes we were getting desperate. It was a wrench, but we parted withpennies of phone credit to call the 0843 TfL line information number. The woman on the other end tapped at a computer for a while, then informed us that the line was operating normally apart from a little traffic in the centre of London. “Hang on,” was her advice.
Robyn had saved me.
Charles Gregory Costello, 46, Old Bridge, N.J.
For anyone interested in the pattern, it's Chromium's Star Blanket which is awesome because the modified half doubles and adjacent doubles fill in the holes you would normally have at the corners and dents. Link to the pattern can be found here. There are also some helpful links to exactly how to do an adjacent stitch and even how to do the first three rounds. I would definitely recommend giving the pattern a shot :)
After a ridiculously busy (planned) and pretty wretched (not planned) week, I was really looking forward to a fun weekend. Highlights of last week included my car being subject to a hit-and-run while it was parked at work, my camera being stolen, and my ice cream sandwich disappearing from the work freezer. On a positive note, I found out my co-chair and I were awarded scholarships to the CCMA conference for cooperative businesses in Philadelphia this June!
***Short Stories Read
Since we’re here, we can add in the handler for onBackButton as well.
Particularly after the war though, and with the influx of European architects, there was a growing influence of modernist ideas.
Meanwhile, Seema and Pinky are living blissfully unencumbered in an apartment block in Mumbai. Across from them is a flannel-bedecked salt o' the earth type, Ratan (Sanjeev Kumar, in possibly his most uncharacteristic role ever), who often waves to Pinky from his balcony. After spying on them for a few days, Ratan confesses to his friend that he is in love, but, alas, he has never had a girlfriend in HIS ENTIRE LIFE (!). His friend advises him that the best way to a woman's heart is through her daughter's, and hence Ratan pursues little 5-year-old Pinky with VERY CREEPY ZEAL. "Hello, little girl, aren't you a pretty little girl? Would you like a ride to school today?" While anyone with half a brain would have alarm bells going off in their head, Pinky's mother seems lackadaisical and non-plussed that Pinky has, basically, a 40-year-old suitor. Pinky even invites Ratan on a date in her home, and the latter arrives, complete with suit, tie and flowers, to have tea with his little girlfriend. Again, Seema seems unimpressed.
Alfonso Ponce Enrile, Alva J. Hill and Honorio Poblador, Jr. and Emiliano R. Navarro as amici curiae.
Ankh-Morpork.
And me in a suit
Anna Dressed in Blood isn't just another watered-down ghost legend in the town of Thunder Bay, Ontario. When Cas arrives, he quickly begins to realize that she's much more powerful and dangerous than any other ghost he's faced before. After all, she's just another part of his training to take on the head honcho that ripped apart his father years ago. Something strange happens upon meeting Anna and for some reason or another, they both become attached.
Clashes break out with regularity between different groups of anti-Gaddafi fighters as local tensions surface. Earlier this week an armed battle took place at the entrance to a Tripoli hospital with no regard to the safety of doctors or civilians. A rebel supporter who witnessed a relative being hauled off to prison and threatened with torture said
COLLEGE – authenticated diploma
Well for two slippery slope arguments that legal scholars have always found very convincing. (Probably because history is filled with examples of when these slippery slopes did result in worse case scenarios).
Prior to the March release our tasting panel sampled several bottles of the new barrel aged beer. Some turned out as expected, while others displayed the unique characteristics of wild Brettanomyces yeast. We immediately posted tasting notes to our blog, announcing the deviation and noting the differences in flavor profiles. Because our tasting panel very much enjoyed both versions, we decided to proceed with the release as usual.
crawl. Adam would gawk, but it isn't his place;
To: sponsor1
INVESTMENT DISCLOSURE: None. Still in cash (and index-linked National Savings Certificates), and missing all those day-trading opportunities.
Deadline for the April 2012 issue is 11:59 p.m. MDT, October 25th, 2011. All ideas should be your original work and not previously published.
The concreteness of this issue comes about above all because Romans explicitly identifies lack of self-control as the audience’s problem. This failure has characterized their moral past and threatens their moral and religious futures if they seek righteousness through works of the law.
In San Francisco, which Occupy described as ‘a playground for the rich’, protests started last night.
The personalization is so wonderful in this book for a number of reasons, including:
Or, perhaps, is it because Kasztner himself was Jewish, and Schindler was not? I think, personally, that this is the reason. Schindler, as an Aryan, German (kind of), SS member and war-profiteer … for him to go out of his way to save the lives of 1500 people is an amazing and touching accomplishment. He was not expected to save the lives of hunted Jews. But Kasztner, as a member of the Jewish people, a member of the Jewish council, who without the influence and financial capital he was privy to, would have been deported to Auschwitz along with the rest of his community … for him to charge people for their safety perhaps is perhaps unforgivable. However, I would argue that the 1500 people who didn’t have to pay anything make up for that sin. Can value be assigned to human life? Just how much is one worth? I have to tell you, that if the Holocaust 2.0 broke out tomorrow in London, Ontario, I would have zero issue in emptying my bank account to someone who could help get me out.
STEVEN TYLER:
Evanovich’s long running Stephanie Plum series sets the bar for women out of their depth. Like Sookie Stackhouse, Stephanie’s got money troubles. Both characters have down to earth problems that help ground them in reality despite their outlandish adventures. Money’s a problem for Stephanie, so she stumbles her way into bounty hunting.
A concerned mother is driven to the brink when her daughter keeps destroying all her playthings, and then she hears a bizarre scratching sound in their attic. An enjoyable slice of ‘creepy child’ horror.
Aqua/Silver Glitter Organza
I received the following press release in an email from Leeds City Council's elections office today.
3-1/2 cups vegetable broth
(By the time my hips get to where my feet are, they are supposed to be going in the opposite direction anyway.)
I need His potter hand to mold me and shape me into the woman He wants me to be.
Approaching the first book in the Highland Pleasures series (what a well-named series as it gives so much pleasure to readers) I was very skeptical about a writer pulling off an autistic hero, for that is Lord Ian’s madness – he lives with autism and in his day and age is considered quite mad as a result. The brutal honesty and laser-like intelligence his condition inspires causes discomfort among society members and he has suffered greatly at the hands of the late Duke his father, who was (let’s get it out of the way) a huge bastard who tortured his children physically and emotionally.
Unfortunately, I think it was a little bit of a letdown. I really wanted to like this book. I really, really wanted to fall in love with this story especially since I'm a wedding photographer myself and the idea of four best friends running a wedding company together is such an interesting hook! Plus, my husband and I are both teachers. Mac's love interest is a high school English teacher. All the stars were aligned for me to fall in love with this book, but alas it just was not meant to be.
In real terms, it works like this, at least for me. When things are going great at work - when I am valued, when I know what I'm doing, when I can measure my success, when good things are happening - then I feel in control of work, and I am able to completely let go at home. When things at work suck, then I feel out of control at work. My brain somehow determines that I need to control something, dammit - and so I control whatever else I can to get some sense of balance. I always try to control "insignificant" things first, like responding to emails, cleaning the house, doing dishes, restocking the kitchen, etc. When that doesn't work well enough or quickly enough, then I become the Sabo Family House Jackass because I attempt to control everything that happens at home. This isn't intentional; I don't want to be the Jackass. I try to control other stuff. It just doesn't always happen.
What is it about the end of world that fascinates us so much? I've been a big fan of these types of movies since I was a child and it is still probably my favorite genre. I think World War 2 and the emergence of the atomic age had a lot to do with it. I can't really think of any end of the world movies prior to that big war. Then after Hiroshima we became curious--what if? What if the war to end all wars happened? How will radiation effect us? We saw giant mutants and cities destroyed by radioactive monsters in the films of the 50s. We witnessed worlds where very few people survived.
Lots of spring love to all of you in the blogosphere!
We are now officially into things I have made since my husband moved to Colorado. Things he took to Colorado include our (my) camera! So I am stuck with my seriously old point and shoot. Which is such a shame with amazing breakfasts like this, you get stuck with not great pictures. But....I will get my camera back, and you will get good pictures again! It just might be awhile :(
Dream it while you can
There NEVER WAS any wage-gap based on discrimination. Women used to make sensible choices regarding work to have more time for families. One women eschewed marriage and children, in accordance with the teachings of third-wave feminism, the wage gap disappeared.
Given to the city of Newcastle by Sir George Renwick in 1923, the monument was recently renovated and rededicated at a ceremony which was attended by the Duke of Edinburgh.
Hugest of thanks to everybody who joined in last week – another totally fabulous response and as always some gorgeous work out there :)
The Blue Jays bats finally turned up again with both Edwin Encarnacion and Kelly Johnson both hitting homers.
The attorney says those who have represented Rodman to date have worked pro bono.
Another bit-o-fun was trying to find purpose for the many crystals that I removed from the very ugly chandelier that used to plague my dining area. I cleaned them and just kept them in a box until inspiration arrived.
The Arrival by Shaun Tan (128 Pages)
We were looking for something fun for the employees that would also benefit the company and be fair to everyone. We designed a contest called the “W.A.Y. To Go” contest. (W.A.Y. = We Appreciate You).
"I actually had to refund orders because my supplies were depleted."
A couple of days ago, I received an email from someone who stumbled across my blog through a thread on Mothering magazine. They made a lot of nice comments, which I appreciated, but near the end of their email they said one thing that has been nagging at me all weekend:
Suppose Dora had told her neighbor that it is a tough world, other people have nice new TV’s too, and if selling the kid is the only way she can get one, well, he was only a street kid. She would then have become, in the eyes of the audience, a monster. She redeems herself only by being prepared to bear considerable risks to save the boy.
Here I am rambling again, but that happens when I get anxious. I don’t know how many of you all use Wells Fargo, but I got some frightening news today about the checking accounts’ new fees. Allegedly, if you do not maintain a $1500 balance or at least $500 in direct deposit every month, your account will be charged a seven dollar fee. I am a student going to grad school. I am not going to have a high paying job yet (even though that sounds delightful). I can’t afford this crap. I went back into adult mode, and it scared me, having to go into a bank’s office, not knowing the outcome until Monday. I will go back with my friend who is in the same predicament.
As a vegetarian, I noticed the author was doing this first when she, in describing the contents of The Dawn magazine by Louisa Lawson, took a cheap shot at New Age things in magazines, like crystal gazing and vegetarianism. The thing is, though, that vegetarianism isn’t a recent development, and many early vegetarians were staunch feminists.
Five trucks, varying sizes, full to the rafters with sardines.
Ben asks:
in the house, so when the current passed through him
"Which are you?" she asked her daughter. "When adversity knocks on your
=QuadBrent(FunctionName, Ak, Bk, Coefficients, Max error = 1E-14, Max iterations = 20, Subroutine = 1, Xtol 1e-14)
Cercas flipped through the books and saw they were worn copies. - It is characteristic of Soldiers of Salamis to rely on the physical evidence or an eyewitness account before accepting the truth or falsity of the claims. The novel is concerned about the search for truth, and the mere mention of a statement will not simply be enough for the claim to be accepted as "the truth." The whole novel, with its meta-structural design, is about the unearthing of evidence about an execution that took place during the war. The conversation just quoted is a representative of this acid test for truth; it is only one of the many trial-like scenes that consciously assesses the veracity of claims. Cercas had to note that the books are worn and this will be perfect evidence that Bolaño did read the two books. The book is littered with these scenes of validation and parsing of evidences, testimonies, and first-hand accounts in books and interviews. The sole test of the validity of truth is in the hard evidence.
Past, Present, Future…the Shangri Las
Wow! it has been so long since my last post I have almost forgotten how to blog!
“I cannot imagine how.”
He stared back at me with his glassy eyes, squinting once in a while. But he wouldn't respond. He was dead to my cries. After a while, his friends carried him off to bed.
﻿What is this? What could it be? A little somethin' somethin' I made for my friends baby! She is having a baby shower on Saturday and I am ready to give it to her. I so want to see... well if I say that it will give away the surprise! Don't worry I will let you all see soon.
It’s an update from an earlier build a few months ago. Only this one is a lot better. Check out the extreme eye for detail. We especially love the bomb crater and the searchlights. But also the inside of the tilted bunker and sandway patrol… The whole thing looks awesome!
stitching sky to earth.
My father loves hockey. My father is Panamanian American so this is not exactly "normal". I am not going to pretend I watch hockey avidly because I don't have time to watch sports everyday but some of my earliest memories of father-daughter time is me lying on my father's stomach as we watch a hockey game, usually the Blackhawks versus whoever. I watched all the Stanley Cup playoff games last year and I would venture a guess that I know a little more about the Blackhawks than most bandwagon fans after our 2010 win. But whenever I hear someone talk about hockey, I think about my father. Especially because we often discuss the few Black players in the NHL and usually, if the BHawks aren't playing, we support whichever team has a Black player (if they both have Black players on their teams, great. Then it's just based on talent). My father has told me that he gets some ribbing from his friends for liking hockey and the few times I mention I like hockey, I get some weird looks (and Black people usually tell me that it's a "white sport" to watch and play). I found it interesting that the author chose to give the book a 1960s setting when this book could have been even more interesting set in the present-day. Cracking the Ice did not, I felt, do a good job of explaining why many Black Americans do not play hockey. It's mostly an economics issue and I would venture a guess that this held true in the 1960s as well as today plus I am sure there are still racial incidents today. I was also curious as to how Jessie became a fan of hockey, that was never explained. If it was because he grew up in the Northeast where hockey is hugely popular, than the book should have explained why other Black teenagers were not interested in hockey. The descriptions of hockey however are delightful. The author clearly has deep-rooted affection for this sport and it shows in the detailed dialogue and descriptions of hockey greats, hockey plays and the euphoric highs one gets playing this often-brutal, skilled, sport.
The lady told Ashley its a good idea to live close to your parents, she lives close to her mom and loves it.
G.L Peiris states,
One can always work to make their characters the most powerful and agonize over the magical items they acquire. We didn’t do that. We followed the rule of cool. Describing a punch, scaling a wall or a sword swing was more important to us then trying to live vicariously through our characters.
Avery Brewing Company Van Diemen Black Saison
Spatula
AWARENESS of yourself and your thought, can one BE…..
This next week looks like being a rather busy one for Beer Blokes and for those who similarly love their beer.
“I’ll say.” Derrek rubbed his head in realization. “Damn it. I should have just gone back the way I came, why did I think that this way would have helped me?”
I kid. Really, I've been familiar with the miracle benefits of hemp for many years but still can't help to associate it with the illegal herb marijuana. In fact, the nutritional and legal form of the plant is pushing it's way into every grocery store in America as of late.
It is also believed that "Brewdog have a paid a non-refundable deposit on a contract that requires them to supply cask conditioned ale". So, if BrewDog don't come up with the goods, as they have already done by not honouring their order for next week's Scottish Real Ale Festival, Camra will trouser a healthy deposit from those Aberdeenshire Ale Anarchists. Awesome!
They think it’s more important to have a “death of capitalism” funeral procession than to show up at work and get paid. Never mind that this is not the ’90s, in which every employer was scrambling to find good help; we’re living in an era in which half of college graduates under the age of 25 don’t have any job or are underemployed. Rather than counting their blessings, these people are angry that their precious selves are expected to work for a living. So apply for their jobs and see if their employers want someone who will see a job as a gift, not an entitlement.
Next is my funky scarf - I don't know why but for some reason the colours remind me of a pinata! It's quite long, but that's ok and I like them wrapped around. It looks really good with my denim jacket :-)
paintbrush
Give the award to 10 bloggers
We want you to concentrate on what YOU are good at: making beautiful jewellery, creating soaps, beauty products and stunning crafts. And we would like the world to know what you do.
Please send you topic/proposal to:
We don’t have credit card abuse…..we have credit card fetishes that go unchecked….and Vernella have to take this country and its Parliment for prize asses by referring to a 2004 THA document as justifcation for her overspending and abuse of the credit card….oh, wait…I keep forgetting that the PPG’s favourite hymn/bhajan/mantra/chorus/verse is the PNM do it too! Blame the PNM, Blame the PNM….
Separately, Prime Minister Datuk Seri Najib Razak suggested to a gathering of Islamic religious scholars the following day that a vote for PAS would empower DAP, which he implied would be disastrous for Muslims and Islam in Malaysia.
SHOW me it's comic. Dinosaur rocker is a good start.
It’s that selfishness of only focusing on the people you care about and not on the greater good that makes the love story so powerful. He isn’t caught up in how everyone else will react to them; he just knows that they should be together. He has an absurd amount of confidence in Makino and in himself. Rui on the other hand, sees too late that he likes Makino. He treats her as an amusement for the first season and in the second his friendship with her becomes something so important to him that he has to re-evaluate his feelings. He decides that he likes her, while Domyouji has never had any other option. From the very beginning, Domyouji’s instincts tell him to never let her go, he just doesn’t realize in what sense until later on.
"You always look like your ready to cut someone's throat when you pull that thing out," one of the waitress at the restaurant I once cooked at remarked once whilst she was watching me break down boxes with my knife at the time. Some almost fifteen years later, another lifetime away, the sempi made a similar observation as I broke down boxes with my present knife.
Also, the force realignment will serve to better protect US forces from attack by hostile elements equipped with sophisticated weaponry and cyber warfare capabilities. A dispersion of forces makes them more difficult to locate, target, and disrupt.
Serve
“Alone and lonely oh?” Something outside whispered. Then it gave a kind of laugh, way way down in its throat.Then something came through.
As we dodged tumbleweeds, collecting points as we went, I was very thankful for one thing – MY SUNGLASSES. Sunglasses aren’t just a necessity in California, they’re like an unspoken law. In New York, you wear sunglasses in the summer, just to sort of say to people, “Hey, I’m a New Yorker and I’m prepared for any season. You should see my winter snow/ rain boots. They are very trendy.” But, if you went without them in the big apple, really, it’s no biggie. In Scotland, where I lived briefly after New York, when you wore sunglasses people thought you were an a**hole. Literally, people thought you were ‘putting on airs’. That’s how unnecessary sunglasses are in the land of rain and good beer. But, in Cali they are a lifesaver. If you’re not wearing them within seconds you will be blinded by the sun and probably have an eyeball’s full of dust. Your retinas will be blinded, burned, and dirty, all because you forgot your protective eye goggles, I mean, cute surfer-looking, Von Zippers.
You see, I believed that The Point was Nephi’s righteousness (for I believed that righteousness was The Point of the gospel generally). Nephi was so righteous, I thought, that what were surely tiny sins made him feel terrible. That’s why he was so sensitive to the spirit! That’s why he was able to experience such divine manifestations! When I feel that badly about my tiny sins, then I’ll know I’ve finally “arrived” as a righteous person!
And children will say we are the tops!'
#6 New Year New Champ (8-6) vs #3 Put Da Team On My Back Doo (9-5)
Clackety-clack! Behind a blanket I hide
Here's a close-up of Cocoa:
I’m a simple woman with simple dreams.
Hops have been grown in this area since around 700AD and so it made sense that Weihenstephan would enjoy a long and rich association with the region and with beer. Its beer history continues to this day. The brewery is now state owned and there is also a kind of Beer University attached as well as a restaurant and a library. Not the book kind, but the yeast kind. A veritable Aladdin’s cave of every conceivable strain of brewing yeast. I think that they may even do a kind of mail order yeast service for the big brewers.
They were too big for Rebekah’s itty bitty feet, but hopefully she’ll be able to wear them soon.
The form works well enough as well for me to live with it, but I am yet to re-attempt to master the Javascript email validation – the last time I had a go it seemed to stop the form from working, and it wouldn’t validate.
Linda has been a guest, multiple times, on
A lot has happened--and not happened--in the last two years, and some highlights are in the left-side band of this blog. A stall in work at the Vanderbilt Yard. An IRS ruling grandfathering in tax-exempt bonds. Hearings on sports facility finance held by Rep. Dennis Kucinich. The revelation of City and State Funding Agreements. Ongoing battles in court. Brooklyn at Eye Level. Prospect Heights landmarking. Missing trees. A mysterious market study. New Gehry designs. "Brooklyn Day." The demolition of the Ward Bakery. Delays in the groundbreaking. Delays in the projected arena opening date.
Now, does that sound like Jesus was being just a little bit “BOSSY???” If we, wanted, to think that, we could.
And my little Philly, holding onto maybe five different toys. I'm afraid to blink sometimes, because he is still so much a baby to me.
Manual Pasta Maker & Drying Rack
Length of the Campaign
This is not an article about the pros and cons of House of Lords reform (although rest assured there will be one soon), rather that reform is totally the wrong subject for Parliament and the media to be discussing in the current climate.
Last summer, I grabbed the first ever issue of Lucky Peach, a collaboration of David Chang, Peter Meehan, and Zero Point Zero Productions. It's more expensive than what I was used to paying for any magazine ($12 at the stand), but it was worth every cent. I subscribed to the quarterly that same week ($28 for the year). The artwork is more creative and candid than the glossy curated images in food magazines (or non-glossy curated pics in food blogs), and the liberal profanity is heartwarming (to me at least). As for the content, compared to what I was used to, it's fairly meaty, something between book and magazine. Whether it's an article asking pros their opinions about culinary school or a transcript of people talking there is action happening in here, it's all a conversation on paper. There's an obvious emphasis on the evolution, adaptation, inspiration, conversation, and discovery of ideas. Does that sounds like a hokey tag line? Maybe it is, but it rings true.
Something weird was going on this day...we were running ahead of schedule! Good in my book! Our hair appointments started at 9am and we were at the salon by 8:50am! The shop didn't technically open til 9, but they let us in and got started almost right away!
My friend has gone away on holiday so I am looking after her horses. They are kept outside at night until the first frost of winter arrives. All that is required is a small feed morning and evening, and simply checking them over to see they have not picked up an injury in the field overnight.
They thought it was absolutely hilarious when dad got one of his city labels way off in the Pacifc Ocean somewhere. It probably didn't help that he had been spun way more than the average 3 times before he had his turn.
OH, it was so good!!!! we were very full at this point, even though we had both managed to save half of our entrees for lunch today. we wanted something sweet (and who wouldn't?!), so we decided on coffee and this
It is fearsome to look at where we did it to others like Ireland, Ghana, Sri Lanka, Ceylon. Rubber came from South America not Malaya but we planted it there and because the Singhalese were not cut out for the work imported Tamils with a different language and religion and caused mayhem and misery which is still going on.
Stand straight, palms together, chest high, elbows up, and PRESS and PRESS and PRESS all the while repeating:
Another exciting box that arrived yesterday was my first ever Studio Calico kit. *swoon* I just might be hooked. To say I was impressed is a complete understatement. I can't wait to dive into it! There are a few blues that I'm anxious to try and create with. Blue is the one color that I probably use the least in my paper crafting but I want to stretch myself. How about you? Do you have a color that you don't use much?
5:45 – Early show (first drink of the day) – a solo show.
I knew I would need a tray to put some accessories
We gathered up the Octopus Kid at Bloc Party, a crap, Cure rip off, and hit the road. Just in time to miss the dressed up people coming to see Oa"waste"is. I think we got out just in time!
Who am I kidding? I do that with my Christmas presents all year long. I hope you had a wonderful holiday; I know I sure did. The days after Christmas make some people sad, but the only reason I can think of is that there's no more chocolate yule log left.
War Horse opens with a bit of narration by Joey the horse, at a time when he was barely six months old: "My earliest memories are a confusion of hilly fields and dark, damp stables, and rats that scampered along the beams above my head. But I remember well enough the day of the horse sale. The terror of it stayed with me all my life."
The image is from Queen Kat Designs and is called "Light Fairy" from the talented Ann Howard. I seem to like to color her in varying shades of blues. This is my second card using her and my blues. I must be entering my "blue period" as Picasso did. LOL
30 second single arm rope slams
“I am a friendly alien.”
The product has been removed from the shelves of 190 stores across the Costa Blanca and tests have been carried out on the food.
Eastern Cape health spokesperson said three infants and two adults had so far died from a lack of medical care caused by the public sector strike.
4. Mineral Fusion Eye Pencil, $14.99
There are signs of a new direction in the attempts, East and West, North and South, to restate Marx’s Humanism for our age. Thus, in Nigeria, among other African countries, the Marx centenary brought out no less than a thousand scholars, trade unionists, and revolutionary activists, to discuss the “body of theories, founded by Karl Marx,” a discussion which was broad enough to also focus “on the way in which patriarchal and sexist prejudices are being increasingly propagated in Africa.”[5] This recognition of a new revolutionary force is a beginning but a beginning only.
“Special interests like the Colorado Bankers Association won’t be able to come back and change it in future years,” Fowler told Westword. “This is going to affect the bottom line of the lawyers and the bankers, and we know that and don’t take this lightly. We believe that the foreclosure crisis is the biggest issue our national economy is facing.”
“I know,” He almost whispers, “I just wish I knew where she is.”
The wife got a little part time job over Christmas to help out and it was suppose to only last till January but she did them such a good job they decided to kept her. She went from 15 hours a week to 40.
First let’s take care of the basil. Following my mother’s advice, I do not wash the basil leaves, or else they would lose their aroma. I wet a kitchen towel with hot water, I squeeze the water out and with the damp towel I wipe the basil leaves. Then, I let the leaves dry completely.
T: uhhhh ...
Leaning in for a closer look at one guy who in a manner of seconds, was making deft work at reducing a joint of ribeye into 5 or 6 equal steaks, I couldn't resist the urge for a quick count up. "One, two, three, four.....hmm, he's still got all his fingers," I thought to myself. Perhaps a bit too loudly because 'Piotr' suddenly paused to stop and stare back whilst clenching his scimitar, reminding me in an instant that some butchers still have the capacity to scare the hell out of me. But gratefully, he just tipped me a wink and a smile before carrying on with his business.
VIII
ones, with guests drawn from academia, the entertainment community, and the
Spring 1964
Such was their involvement with metal music, between 1984 and 1990 or so. They took the basic formula of Heavy Metal and made it faster (speed metal), made it punkier (thrash metal) made it more shocking and weird (death metal) and they even tried to make it modernist (progressive metal). And then they were bored and done with it, they moved on to reinventing and augmenting different musics. Only very recently have they returned to savage the corpse of past inspirations again, I guess we must be running out of 'new' things to make 'newer'.
Seeing as I am, you know… Never been in a relationship. I long for the simple things. Like a hug, or holding hands. I long for the emotional support, just everything that is part of it.
I just bought this with the WNDR 3700 router from Netgear and it is as though they are made for each other. No dropped connections, exceptional speed. I sit on the 2nd floor and my router is on the first floor about 100 ft away in a straight line and I can still use the full N speeds. Again this is the new adapter – the one with the light on the top. Make sure you are buying this one, the earlier one has…
HI All (If anyone reads this),
Fathers, leave your sons something they can be proud of.
All this reminiscing about my trousseau (yes, not only did it include pots, pans, kitchen knives, tea towels and porcelain but bed linen and blankets too...) made me sentimental... in a lovely way... I reflected on the history behind our possessions and how the most simple and basic of household goods can have so much meaning.
And, to my great relief (but not to my surprise), my kids said "You don't need to apologize, Daddy. We understand. You can read if you want. Should we get you some water?"
Pop it in the oven and wait a few hours. Mine cooked for 3 hours. The slower you cook it, the juicier it will be. If you have another hour or so to spare, turn the oven down lower and cook longer. You won't regret it.
Some days, I love Beth Brown. She is what my life needs: a no-frills fall guy. She professes her parenting failures without regard for recourse. She admits she can’t breastfeed and that she doesn’t want to be supermom, all without shame. Her mousy hair is short and poker straight. She has a little pudge but she doesn’t care. She’s solid.
walnuts, rough chopped
It’s the very fabric of existence breaking down around and in front of us and revealing what’s behind the veil. Totally cool.
Who knows what horrors are brewing for our grandchildren?
My years of legal experience in law firms was client focused. I learned to be polite, responsive, and helpful to all clients, and never lost sight of the importance of deadlines. Who was my client now that I found myself working for a company that may have been my client at a firm? After all, I think that paralegals are most successful when they have a client/customer service mentality. I quickly realized that I have many “clients.” My boss is a client. I want to be indispensable to him, take care of those things that I was hired to manage, and also learn to evaluate legal matters and the level of response required. Each attorney or government agency that sends my department a subpoena is a client too. I am usually the first ambassador for the company that they communicate with, so I am quick to be helpful, knowledgeable, and leave a lasting good impression. As I mentioned earlier, we engage local counsel to handle matters in the jurisdiction where they are admitted to practice. They need me to provide them with as much information as quickly as possible to meet court deadlines, and provide their legal opinion. So, a good relationship with local counsel that trusts me increases the likelihood of the company’s success.
I say in his prime, but even after his golden years at Barcelona (in which he won EIGHT individual awards in 1999 – including World Footballer of the Year, European Footballer of the Year and the Ballon d’Or), Rivaldo continued playing at (almost) the highest level up to the present day.
Kocurek started off the evening off with Venison Prosciutto wrapped around Juniper-Canteloupe Geleé, Cheek-to-Cheek Terrine (Confit of Pig Jowl & Beef Cheeks braised in Red Wine) topped with Italian Fruit Mustardo and Port Wine Reduction, Pâté de Campagne topped with Caraway Mustard, and Shrimp and Crawfish Boudin Blanc on a bed of Bacon Leek Ragout with Sauce Americaine. I especially liked the venison prosciutto wrapped around juniper-canteloupe gelee. It had the flavors of prosciutto wrapped melon, and the texture of something exotic. The other favorite was the shrimp and crawfish boudin blanc on a bed of bacon leek ragout with sauce (not pictured). It was a fancy version of Louisiana flavors served in a bite.
stitched on 32 ct. Mushroom Lugana
One of the most frequently expressed criticisms is that as critics of the rationale and operations of significant State Enterprises, we seem to be proposing a new series of state-funded agencies. Some people have pointed out that these offices are unlikely to be cheap, particularly the PPC, which is to be constituted as a standing Commission of Enquiry under those existing legal provisions.
2 Packets of Ready Made Pastry/2 Cups of Harina Pan(Yellow Variety) OR Plain Flour OR Other flours(e.g Rice flour etc), to make your own pastry if you wish to, or if a gluten free pastry is unavailable.
Some of this supps will help you accelerate your progress but remember guys , as the term implies this are supplementary to what you are doing, nothing will beat hardwork and whole foods ….as on its own, these supplements will do very little for you – Love your body
Last week we took a stroll down the Steel Days Carni.
Note that cross-border operations by the Turkish and Iranian military will remain a possibility in the Qandil Mountains or KRG territory, although the PKK has distanced itself from a recent terrorist attack in Istanbul (now claimed by another Kurdish group) and it has extended its ceasefire until 2011.
Also new this year are many of the journal's editors: Blake Butler and Joanna Howard editing Fiction; Laynie Browne and Karla Kelsey editing Poetry; and Sandy Florian and Lily Hoang editing "Other"; presided over by Editor in Chief Colie Collen, with all submissions shepherded through the process by Associate Editors Duncan B. Barlow, Jamey Dunham, and Christine Wertheim, as well as Assistant Editors Michael Tod Edgerton and Brian Mihok.
I went to buy some strong hangers for some of my other canvases a while ago and when the shop man showed me these I got all excited and demanded to see every model that had ever been made. I thought they would make great little portrait frames! (So another shopkeeper that thinks I'm mad! Just recently, the girl in the wool shop asked me what on earth I was knitting as I keep buying random buttons). Anyway, I separately inked and stamped each man onto a painted book page and stuck him into his frame that I'd coloured with Alcohol inks.
All together these artworks were a triumph of painting on wood. But the Spanish carvings and the Russian icons also had in common that element of devotion to the object itself in some way. I think that artists over the centuries who have made with their hands and their souls objects that are beautiful, are intercessors, portrayers of the inexplicable wonder of life or the divine or whatever you choose to call it. And in seeing these beautiful objects, these sights that delight the eye, some transformation takes place within you, because of what the artist was feeling whilst creating. Often I am asked to explain my paintings, which seems to me a slightly ridiculous request. As a visual expression, a work of art should need no explanation in another medium (words) I think. Of course it is interesting to learn of the stories behind paintings, but for a work of art to be utterly dead to you until you read an essay explaining the underlying idea, is failure.
So yesterday morning I checked Shoreline's Facebook page again, seeing as they said they would get it in this week and was disappointed to find a post saying that they weren't getting it in now.
Ghost of November
Because I have never separated myself from my home neighborhood, I cannot identify myself to myself apart from it. I am fairly literally flesh of its flesh. It is present in me, and to me, wherever I go. This undoubtedly accounts for my sense of shock when, on my first visit to Duke University, and by surprise, I came face-to-face with James B. Duke in his dignity, his glory perhaps, as the founder of that university. He stands imperially in bronze in front of a Methodist chapel aspiring to be a cathedral. He holds between two fingers of his left hand a bronze cigar. On one side of his pedestal is the legend: INDUSTRIALIST. On the other side is another single word: PHILANTHROPIST. The man thus commemorated seemed to me terrifyingly ignorant, even terrifyingly innocent, of the connection between his industry and his philanthropy. But I did know the connection. I felt it instantly and physically. The connection was my grandparents and thousands of others more or less like them. If you can appropriate for little or nothing the work and hope of enough such farmers, then you may dispense the grand charity of “philanthropy.”
1. Write first. What relief I would have felt, had I given myself an hour, even, to get that one scene down before trying to work on other things.
“Right, very creepy,” she says not at all amused.
I woke up ready to go. It was a chilly 21 degrees F at the start, but I pulled my bright green sleeves on, my gloves and the shell to keep warm until the start and headed out to the start. Unfortunately, Phil had some issues that were going to prevent him from running the race, but he stayed around to cheer all of his friends on that were out at the race, so it was nice seeing a friendly face as I mentally prepared for the run ahead. I looked around for others, but it was hard to pick people out in the crowd. When they called 2 minutes to start, I pulled my shell off and stuffed it in the pack.
02. Remember Me (INTERFACE remix)
Grand Greek Revival Architecture w/Neoclassical additions, The Myers Smith Home (Circa 1880) features wide front porches, terraces, and beautiful grounds with inground pool and cabana. Pride of ownership shows with many updates including a 2009 master bath addition, and kitchen updates. Wrought gates lead to 3 car garage. Home is Registered in the National Register of Historic Places.
(all in English of course; sadly, I'm not bi- tri- or any other multiplication of bilingual)
So it looks like quite a few people like the idea of a little sleeve to keep their phone cozy and snuggled. I can absolutely make you one!
It requires communication, understanding and above all, forgiveness; but with careful maintenance it will serve you both very well. The shape of marriage changes over the years, but this because you will grow together, grow as a partnership, grow as a future family.
When I walked in, I was greeted by 15 children scattered around the room quietly engrossed in different activities. Some were on the floor with Montessori learning tools neatly spread out on little rugs. Others (including Little S) were sitting at tables around the room working on numbers, shapes, colouring, pouring activities, painting, and various other things.
‘The Washington Post reports Mitt Romney’s presidential campaign has been selling official “Romney Super Fan” T-shirts for $30 apiece but has managed to sell just 346′.
This will also bring in some revenue, so I am all around happy about this. Plus, it's been a while since I've had much dog training. Come to think of it -- I have had NO new dog training since Foe died. Thanks be to God. He sees my needs and provides therein. He sees my needs before I ask and before I am aware of the need. Now that I am capable of effective dog training again, he sends me new clients. Amazing :)
The Wind & The Rain
212.777.0418
Today, I have the lovely Nicola Morgan (author of Wasted) here to tell us a little bit about her new book and a main topic in Wasted, luck. Thank you very much Nicola!
I’m all for people being as ineffective as they want to be – until it affects me. Most of the time, you can overcome someone’s laziness or incompetence by being proactive and keeping your eyes on your own work. Sometimes, however, you have to play hardball.
Sports engineering is a growing field within engineering with applications now reaching many high profile sports, especially those in the Olympics. This lecture aims to quantify the difference that engineering can make and has made in various Olympic sports, including cycling, swimming and tennis. The engineering technologies used in these sports and others will be analysed in terms of actual performance of athletes and also how this translates into winning medals, rule changes, improving safety and the performance of equipment.
you lift it, every time you change.
With wide-spread E-ESE winds over the state most birds flew towards the west coast and inland migrant traps. Miami radar picked up lots of returns coming in over the Atlantic. These birds would be the bread and butter of spring migration down here along the east coast. We see lots of Caribbean migrants and less of the Trans-Gulf migrants. Plenty of Cape May, Black-throated Blue Warblers, Ovenbirds and American Redstarts should be around for you to enjoy, also keep an eye out for Connecticut Warbler, a migrant that is best seen in Miami during spring migration. Key West radar recorded a big flight heading NW over the islands and out over the Gulf. With steady ESE winds out in the Gulf, these birds will be vectored to the west and will likely make landfall west of FL.
Unlock 3 characters.
I hope that you will join me in living a healthier life with maximum brain power and optimum health.
Trying to find something new today,
I am currently reading ‘The Battle of the Labyrinth” by Rick Riordan. The fourth book in the Percy Jackson trilogy’s. They are amazing. I def recommend them to anyone. My 10 year old cousin is currently reading them too. Except she is a book ahead of me. Laugh out Loud. ( And have you ever seen the movie ‘Labyrinth’? You should. It isn’t related to the book. But it is good. Check it out!)
03. Time 6:26
I have been meaning to share this one for a while. As I sit here gobbling down a big bowl of my breakfast quinoa on a Sunday afternoon with some free time on my hands, I have finally committed to sharing this recipe with you.
I owe this to my Dad, as a kid he got me into fantasy books and films; from reading the Hobbit in Grade 5 to watching Star Wars in the order he recommended, not to mention that one time we had a Vampire movie marathon. Ever since I have loved Sci-Fi/action series. In fact just over this Easter break I watched all the X-Men films again (First Class and The Last Stand are the best in my opinion). I’ve always tried to get my friends into it, trying to encourage my 13-year-old girlfriends into Lord of the Rings sleepover marathons, or arguing for the brilliance of the Blade Runner movies. But apparently no one gets it, usually I get met with “you’re such a nerd” or “oh my god you’re such a guy”. I remember I sat my first boyfriend down and put on Underworld: Evolution, he thought I was really weird and said “I’m not really into action movies.” We broke up.
Well just recently we have been able to open them again and start to decorate the area on the other side.................
Conservative candidate Ashley Waterhouse said voters had told him they felt intimidated.
Bull & Bush Pub & Brewery Union Jack
Over the past two months, the same hate-speech pattern which was seen developing before the xenophobic attacks were launched in May 2008, is also being reported in South Africa. This time it targets two minority groups: the black foreigners and the country’s 3-million Afrikaners. I started logging these warnings received by Afrikaners from their black workers since May 2010 – and the pattern is still spreading steadily. I have started a map – based on the SA Police Service map showing the areas where most of the armed attacks against families inside their homes took place in 2008/9. Based on the comments contained in the threats to Afrikaner families, one can presume that the same areas where the ‘whites’ are still predominant, will be targetted. It’s not too late: it can still be stopped.
Hershey’s Snack size assorted 8pk 4/$5
Sleep: A+: Laid down everytime baby did. So glad I did. I have been seriously sleep deprived!
And can be found on twitter @katyod
It makes me sad,
natural
Well, I guess I have rambled on in a disjointed way long enough. I guess I'll share our tentative menu for the week. So here goes:
As part of its effort to broker a political settlement between the Afghan government and insurgents, Mr. Obama said, “my administration has been in direct discussion with the Taliban.” It was his most candid acknowledgment of the often-shadowy talks between American diplomats and the Taliban.
In other news, we also decided to carve pumpkins last night. Of course when I pulled out the real camera we found that it was out of batteries so here are a few pics from Brian's handy cell phone.
Ballast Point Brewing Co San Diego Yellowtail Pale Ale Kolsch
Ty, intrigued by the beautiful bar owner, becomes a regular. He senses that Jenna wants to do something more with her life. And as he gains her trust, the passion between them grows, as does Ty’s insistence that Jenna should start living for herself. With his encouragement, Jenna starts to believe it, too…
and I can see that in the picture posted of the original pattern on Umi's link above.
Me (a bit too excitedly): I will do all the marketing, writing, and web design (cause I am amazing like that) and all you have to do is all the work, i.e. cooking, cleaning. Not too bad, right?
Here I have used one of the papers from the Le Belle Jardin Collection - Ma Fleur Rose P6296 - and combined with bouquets of fussy cut spring blooms from the new collection, a mauve velvet pansy and delicious fussy-cut butterflies.
Even rarer treasures await adventurous travelers who brave the seas and swamps of Florida’s Big Bend, known also as the Nature Coast. The barrier islands and shallow saltwater estuaries along this nearly untouched stretch of Gulf Coast teem with life in all its varied splendor. Twelve of the islands make up the Cedar Keys National Wildlife Refuge, home to tens of thousands of water birds: egrets, cormorants, herons, and white ibis, to name a few. Shuttle boats deliver tourists to the keys’ pristine beaches for shell collecting and bird spotting. For a more solitary exploration of those lonely sand spits and mangrove swamps, paddle yourself there in a canoe or kayak.
Well have a super fantastic HuMp DaY – Stay healthy & fit…
You might be thinking that I’m wrong. That change is organgic and occurs throughout our life. Your right, it does.
Gates also proclaimed that every newborn should be registered for vaccinations immediately to assure the goal of 90% of the population getting vaccinated for his “century of the vaccination.”
私は復活祭をお祝いして育っていないけど、夫は幼少期から復活祭は家族がお祝いしていたし、復活祭は多くの国で幅広くお祝いされている祝日なので、子供たちには学んで欲しいと思っています。私は宗教心がある分けでもなく、宗教はとても個人的な事だと感じるし、宗教はとても慎重に扱わなくてはならない話題なので、このブログ上では文化の面だけを取り上げますすね。
I’m not sure what, if any effect, the events will have on mortgage interest rates. In addition to lowering the US Debt Credit rating, S&P also lowered the rating of Freddie Mac and Fannie Mae. These two entities buy most of the mortgages issued in this country, allowing banks to finance more home sales. But what I understand is that since mortgage rates are tied to long-term Treasury yields, and Treasuries are considered a safe investment in uncertain times, mortgage rates are unlikely to rise because Treasuries will continue to do well.
I've been thinking about trying different makeup styles this week, and hopefully my friends (who are getting into fashion and stuff thanks to Laffi and I), will tell me which one suits me the best. I want to try Himena Osaki's style~
gold watercolor pencil
I’m blessed to be meeting many people nowadays. A big contrast from when I used to spend so much time by myself.
Of the grandmothers, Obama's paternal grandmother, the regrettably named Sarah Obama is alleged to have stated that she was present when he was born in Kenya, I have to admit that I would not bet the farm on the authenticity of the tape recording of what she said, however, it is interesting that no mainstream journalist has ever re-interviewed her to check what it was she actually said.
And it’s Christ that sets our dear friend, Esther, apart from the rest. The world around us demands that our personality, creativity, sense of humor, abilities, experiences, authority, knowledge, etc be that which gives us favor and attention in the eyes of others, but our Creator speaks of something different. He gently and boldly says, “Let Me give joy and confidence through the value, purpose, identity that I offer.”
“Well, I’ll be frank, it’s because my name sucks.”
I have to say I would have preferred them to play the Repressive State Apparatus instead, and not only because I can’t afford the travel to the south coast, but because I think singing We All Live In A Fascist Regime would have been rather appropriate…
Bake 30-35 min. or until a toothpick comes out clean. Cool 10 min. before removing from pans. Let cakes cool on a wire rack.
Most of the castles I've been to have a long and often bloody history but not so Comstoun castle, just outside Kirkcudbright - I doubt all that many of the towns residents even know it exists. It is tucked in a wood behind a large manor house also known as Comstoun. The name makes it's first appearance in history when Walter fitz Walter de Cummstun swore fealty to Edward I and makes no appearance after that till the 15th century. It would appear that the castle was built by Sir John Kennedy around 1500 (I read that the architecture matches this suggestion). The most exciting thing to have happened here is that in the late 1500s one of the leading Scottish poets of his age, Alexander Montgomerie, rented the place. The new mansion that stands today was completed in 1828 but it appears that the castle had already fallen into disrepair by that time - in 1794 it is described, "the remains of an old building.
By Saturday evening it seems that the entire area has decided to attend the festival. Many are eager to see the local male choir led by the hospital's head surgeon, Þorsteinn Johannesson. Aptly enough, the singers perform with Óttarr, the mild-mannered vocalist of surreal rock stalwarts Dr Spock.
on a more positive note, all of the downstairs electronics/entertainment center will be unplugged, coded and wrapped today. so maybe, just maybe downstairs really will be done by tonight.
Arms: SKINNY SOY LATTE
Jane Doe: “John Doe stole my car. He was arrested. Now is is out to get me.”
The funny thing is my cardio has gotten strong again and I could go faster or further, but my feet legs and muscles are telling me to take it easy!
So here's my Summer 2011 recap:
As you can imagine, getting your story heard in a bureaucracy requires an immigration attorney to present it for you. And immigration attorneys have to make a living.
It took me a while to gather up the words, the strength to talk. "That girl in this painting. Thats her. Emily. My daughter....."
But it isn’t just suicide, and though the few movies I have seen have been centered around families more or less there is so much more you can take from it. The dialogue scenes in his movies are so deep that you pretty much need to pause the television and ponder over what he is trying to say. Particularly in Noriko’s Dinner Table there are plenty of metaphor’s that are not so easy to understand after just seeing it once. This is one of those movies that you can watch several times and find some new meaning behind it each time. I have never claimed to be the intellectual type and I don’t really get into the art house styled films like Battle in Heaven or The Scent of Green Papaya’s that bring out all the pseudo-intellectuals to ponder some deeper meaning, personally I thought those movies were stupid and repulsive. But in a way I could kind of see how Noriko’s Dinner Table might attract that type of crowd, and true enough this film in particular is definitely not for everyone. To say it is a slow burn is a complete understatement, this movie creeps along in it’s character development clocking in at 2 hours and 40 minutes. But I personally think this is one of the greatest and most thought provoking films of our time. But as deep as Noriko’s Dinner Table is, I have probably bitten off more than I can chew by trying to review a movie like this, so where to begin…
With amazing love he bore
My menu is a 2 days late this week...wow have I gotten lazy!!
Read my memory. A red emery board is in the space I pull into at the post office. This is how it got there.
"Jack, I look like a princess...see my sparkly dress? You look like a prince...see we are a princess and a prince...now stand by me and smile."
There's more, MORE, about Rome, but I'm going to stop now because this is getting weird. Suffice it to say, if I hadn't gone to meet my sister in Rome, I would have regretted it forevermore. It was sisterly bonding in a beautiful city, a trip full of adventure and comedy and Italian Wine Guy. It was like a movie -- a really, really long four-day movie. (If it does get turned into a movie, James Franco should play the part of that horny angel.)
Now I’m starting to think it takes more than a few late night resolutions to actually change. Changing is the hardest thing anyone can do – lots of people want to do it, and hardly anyone really does. Real change is not just swimming upstream against the world, it’s swimming upstream against yourself. The real me just wants to stay home and write. BUT -
Each coupon displayed shows a snippet of what the discount is, and how many days it has left to run. I counted 19 different coupon offers on the website, and all had over 200 days to run until they expire.
- Tenzin Gyatso, 14th Dalai Lama
Manuela Gold
3. Nature’s Miracle: I know this may sound odd, especially if you don’t have pets, but I have found this to be another one of those products I just can’t live without. It is generally made for cats or dogs and is used to remove stains and odors from their accidents. However, since it is made with enzymes, it can digest just about any stain you can think of. I’ve used it on the carpet to remove everything from cat vomit to smooshed blueberries and other things I’d rather not mention. It’s completely natural and can replace just about any other type of cleaner (besides vinegar).
Photo: HiroC-sā and OnoD-sā: Objective Accomplished!
Hemolytic-uremic syndrome or HUS is the worst complication of the E.coli infection because it is a serious and potentially fatal illness. Hemolytic means that the red blood cells are breaking up which causes the patient to become anemic. The platelets in the blood are literally destroying themselves which leads to low blood levels of platelets or thrombocytopenia. Thrombocytopenia causes abnormal bleeding. The Uremic part of HUS means the failure of the kidneys. Once the kidneys fail you can have problems with seizures, stroke and coma may occur.
And one cannot insert three ones into one and call it one. This is absurd. It is not a mystery why it cannot be done: it is as clear as it could be. In imagination it would then be four as I said earlier for three to be in one which would really then add up to four (4)
“Tell her to quit giving him junk food and give him the dry kibble I suggested.”
3 completely
It produces almost everything we use every single day -numerous times a day.
There was one kid who always showed up early and always was pleasant and easy to manage and had a smile on his face. He wasn’t the best kid. He didn’t get a single hit in the game all year, if I recall. Maybe one or two reached-on-errors. But he hit tolerably well in my BP sessions. I thought to myself, this kid loves to hit and he looks forward to hitting off me pre-game. He may not get a hit all year, but he enjoys the BP sessions and he’s INTO it.
If you live in the line of these storms.. be alert and aware that strong damaging winds, large hail, and tornadoes are being produced by these strong cells. Make sure loose outdoor items are stowed away.. pets are inside.. and since its 1045pm .. have a plan ready in case you’re asleep (or loved ones are asleep).
That, and my current equipment, just a 70-300 mm lens, isn’t very well suited for photos of flowers. I really need a macro lens, or at least a lens that will focus closer than my current lens. The past two years, I used my Canon point and shoot which works well, but, because of the depth of field difference, using the Canon after the Nikon DSLR is like having to learn all over again.
08. Downbeat
Each year, MassChallenge offers access to resources — from funding and office space to training and networking — to 125 startups without taking any equity. The goal is to address the seed-stage investment gap and fuel early startups until they get over the hump and have the momentum to scale independently. There are a lot of great ideas floating around, but few actually come to fruition — MassChallenge’s goal is to help startups to win. Its third annual competition is accepting applications now.
The announcement makes him uneasy,as if he was running short of time,which most probably was true by the look on the girl’s face and her frequent glances at her watch.He casually releases the overhead strap he was hanging on to and shifts uncomfortably to his right in the crowd,manoeuvring his way through the array of inconvenience topped by a fat boy lost in his hardcover,salvaging the humanity around him with his almost condescending,bored demeanour and reeking underarms.Next he steps on the toes of an obnoxiously groomed pest of a man listening to some trash on his cellphone and being altruistic enough to sing in sync with the beats loud and clear enough to let everyone around be familiar with the lyrics,in case they were even vaguely curious or feeling left out.In a seemingly disoriented attempt at holding on to the pole next to him,he brushes his hand through her hair.A shiver of forbidden electricity runs wild through his being and he stops dead in his endeavour,keeping his hand where it fell first,softly caressing her.Apparently the girl didn’t notice at all and is still smiling at something only she is privy to.He stands frozen next to her,rooted in and bound to her intoxicating presence.A distant thought and visage crosses his mind which grabs my attention,but he shakes the hesitation off himself soon enough and i slip back into my inertia,disappointed but eager for a resurgence.
“Me too. So what now?” i reply.
1 red bell pepper, cut into strips
Barclays, a leading global financial services company and the naming rights partner for the future Barclays Center, today affirmed its commitment to the future arena in Brooklyn and the updated timeline for a 2009 groundbreaking. The Barclays Center, which is designed by Frank Gehry, will be the world-class home of the Nets.
During this fun, educational one hour program, your students will meet a real fire safety dog, listen to Firefighter Dayna read one of her children’s fire safety books, sing fire safety songs along with Sparkles and be sworn in as Jr. Firefighters by Sparkles and Firefighter Dayna!
Of course, the insurance company and its defense attorney, Nicolas Sourvanos, haven’t heard of trigeminal neuralgia either. They learn that the condition lends itself well to insurance fraud since it is diagnosed based on what the patients says. There are no objective tests that can confirm its existence.
I decided to team Ruby with my favourite colours green and pink along with some of my favourite papers right now - My Mind's Eye - Stella & Rose! These are some of the Hazel 12 x 12 textured papers and they are DIVINE!!!! I love love love them!
There were a number of decisions that he made which were dubious at best, and just plain wrong at worst. What surprises me, given the number of examples I was able to find of Atkinson getting big decisions wrong in games, is that he is rated as our second best referee behind Howard Webb. On this basis, it’s unlikely that the FA will do anything substantive to punish him, as he is one of their top referees and it wouldn’t look good on them if he is seen to be making such poor decisions in a game.
jungle animals
Oh just a couple of hours late with me DT card, I have been chasing my tail all week, and then yesterday I had awful toothache and that made all my face hurt and then I got a right banging headache as well, yuck so I just dossed on the sofa, feel like I wasted the evening but hey ho!!
Ah. Beurre noisette. This is simplicity itself perfected with a capital P. If you're similarly inclined, and if you haven't already, please do look up:
Subjects to Blog About
Some feminist critics might decry these characters as unreal or male fantasies, but they miss the point - they are male fantasies but who is doing the fantasizing? Perhhaps it is the other way around, our inner anima fantasizing life as a man looking at herself in his mirror.
Imagine a lone monk, sitting lotus-style on the edge of a terraced balcony high above the floor of the gorge below. The whisper of the passing wind lulls the senses into a dreamlike state as the rays of the sun rise up over the opposing cliff face. Serenity by design.
He is not love.
With everything that has been happening I have not done as much scraping as I normally do, but got my butt into gear and has done one more layout using the great papers from We R Memory Keepers.
Liz Bierboner (Ma’s real name) was a born entrepeneur and a frustrated perfomer. At first she sold real estate, and gave elocution lessons in the Columbus, Ohio area, but when Elsie came along in 1889, she became her main project. Precocious Little Elsie first performed publicly at age 5, debuting at a church entertainment. In 1897 she went professional, specializing in impressions of famous vaudeville stars, but also singing and dancing well enough to pull them off.
I hear voices in the clearing up ahead and run towards their comforting echoes.
I'm saving gas money
of the several God – given opportunities through partnership to participate in
o Find their voice and authentic self
It is unknown for what reason the Zulu king was being transported to hospital.
The exhibition contains 3D film interpretation of the Mars surface, just over 4 minutes long it was amazing, but also a sad reminder of how bleak a planet looks without life.
My white beaches are fading fast!
One day I made a huge batch of baked beans and froze them up for the summer. They are so easy to take out of the freezer to supplement a meal. We also discovered a soup that we both like..it is a Creamy Wild Rice Soup by Shore Lunch..20 minutes and soup is what’s for supper. I am not a big fan of creamy soups but this one is a keeper. It makes a big enough batch that it makes at least two meals for us. Lately we are all about cooking once and eating twice. Lazzzy cooks!
for it, the
-holiday candle warmer scents from wal-mart for $2: evergreen forest, warm apple cider, berry forest…i’ve been alternating them since october.
What made the atmosphere tense was not the pig. People make allowances for animal actors, but not for their trainers, who are expected to be good at their jobs. This particular trainer had a burly, macho attitude, and seemed to think the director was a pansy who didn’t warrant acknowledgement. He ignored everything that was said to him, refusing to respond. Other than to display his anger at having to take orders from a pansy.
The Brewers Association, like others, has a web page devoted to Michael's extraordinary life we will update that page as information becomes available. Truly this is a sad day for the beer industry as we have lost a good friend.
Unconfirmed reports by stateless activists indicate that detained protesters were mistreated and beaten in prison. For over a week after Fridy 13 January, Taimaa and Sulaibiya areas — where large numbers of Bedoon live — were under siege by riot police.
The low point was around Christmas when I was doing another re-write on the sequel, Dark Goddess. Devil’s Kiss took four years to write but the sequel needed to be turned around in six months. The scope of DG is far greater than DK, the theme’s about the essence of our humanity and how monstrous we can be. There was a lot going on and there were periods where I was well and truly lost and thought I’d never get it to work. Fortunately I have two great editors who managed to guide me through.
It feels good to know that not all of my heart is grown-up and toughened. I turned and smiled at some cherry buds, a shy pink in colour. I love Spring.
He is talking up a storm too. He has like full blown conversations and just coos and grunts so loudly to himself. It is adorable.
in it grows a garden of eternal beauty
She really made us happy with her story. Especially about her dream!
The index takes into account five equally weighted economic indicators: new orders, production, employment, supplier delivery time and finished goods. A PMI above 50 indicates that manufacturing is expanding, while an index below 50 indicates the sector is contracting. The number is drawn from a sampling of manufacturers statewide.
:: "a place for everything & everything in its place"
I first picked up this book for one reason, and one reason only: I absolutely loved the film.
The traditional tea was first offered on the store’s landscaped terrace under the shadow of the Blue Mosque. Ahmet’s excitement soon bubbled over as he began chanting “Hey, hey, ho, ho, Come on Bulldogs, Let’s go” I jumped in. “Hey, hey, ho, ho, Come on Bulldogs, Let’s go” Then we moved to “Push ‘em back, Push ‘em back, WAAAAY back.” The carpet owners looked bewildered as we laughed our way through football memories from decades past, including Ahmet’s one attempt to play. Because of a cheerleader distraction, he missed the quarterback’s call and was run over by the offense.
Brian's cousin Jeffery is on his mission in Texas, so to keep him included in the reception they made this lifesize cardboard cutout to take pictures with, I don't know if he has ever danced so much! It was so funny.
your Sweet Pea Stamps grab bag in the
About time… Or the lack of,
Fiber - Hemp is a good source of healthy carbohydrates and dietary fiber, both soluble and insoluble. In one serving of hemp protein powder (2 tablespoons or 30 grams) you’ll be receiving 8 g of fiber! That’s almost one-third of the total daily requirement of 30 g (but feel free to get more, of course!). The fiber in hemp stabilizes blood sugar, and ensures regularity, won’t cause bloating, gas or bad breath (unlike other types of protein supplements).
Don Custodio
This is why we found ourselves on this Saturday morning sitting in our living room interviewing Candidate #1. However, with my inability to speak Spanish at more than the level of a three year-old, the interview was a two-way conversation between my wife and Candidate #1, who from this point on we’ll call Ethel. I was along for the ride watching my wife lob questions at Ethel, Ethel answering them, and Ethel showing us her references. I had my questions, but they would have to be translated by my wife and Ethel’s answers would also have to go through the translation engine that was my wife.
He’s the one that tagged him with such a fine moniker in the first place, because Johnny was a gutless turd. But, at the end of the day, he was funny. Damn funny, and that very reason alone was the only thing that had kept him alive this long. He was a comedian.
I think I would rather drink a glass of wee.
The brother infiltrated various apartheid government defence projects and passed the critical information to the ANC.
Pogues Fiesta IRL
Best in corruption
Oren was playing the ukulele at the time of the attack, and he tried to use the ukulele as a weapon of defence. He managed to hit Crane a couple of times before falling with two gunshot wounds in his abdomen.
Marcelle Pink Fusion Blush
I would avoid examining gay “marriage” if I could, but the gay and lesbian community will not let me.
shan the enchantress
3. In the Midnight
During the Last Supper, Jesus turned to Peter and said He had been praying for him (Luke 22:31–32). In the face of His impending agony our Lord was thinking of Peter! Later, we see that Peter failed Jesus by not keeping watch at Gethsemane and by denying Him. The Bible tells us Peter wept bitterly after his denial of Jesus (Luke 22:62). Whenever I think of how I miserably fail in my walk with Christ, I can relate to how Peter must have felt. But the good news is that Peter’s story—like your story and mine—is redeeming. Notice who the angel mentions by name at Jesus’ tomb (Mark 16:7) … Peter! In the midst of rescuing all of creation, God wanted Peter to be encouraged. About 30 years later, Peter had the opportunity to deny Jesus again, but this time he didn’t. Instead, he demonstrated his faith by becoming a martyr for Christ (John 21:18–19). Tradition has it that Peter was crucified around AD 64 under Emperor Nero, the cross being upside down at his own request since he saw himself unworthy to be crucified in the same way as his Lord. When I look at the events of Passion Week from Peter’s perspective, I am overwhelmed and grateful for God’s amazing concern, persistence and love.
Most of the site for the proposed project, the Long Island Rail Road yards, is quite literally a hole in the ground, flanked by a number of decaying buildings.
Kimmy felt it was really important to leave a note for the Tooth Fairy. The night before it fell out she went to bed in tears because she was convinced the Tooth Fairy would snatch her tooth right out of her mouth while she was asleep. Seriously. Like the Tooth Fairy is some kind of tooth burglar/ninja dentist.
Question 20 – The sorts of problems I like to solve are…
Course Fee: $149.00
Here are just two of their stories.
Acer, Asus, Toshiba, and Lenovo took part in the first wave of ultrabook laptops late last year, releasing impressive systems all less than 18 millimeters thick, and each with second-generation Intel Core i-series processors, and solid-state storage (all required part or Intel’s ultrabook spec).
Mick Jagger was one of the greatest salesmen in the last 50 years. At one time or another he sold sex, seduction, danger, attitude, style, albums, 45s, CDs, DVDs , T-shirts, hats and anything else he could put his big lips logo on. We bought it all, and in the process he became a very rich man. A brief nod should be given to his first manager Andrew Loog Oldham who showed him how to use the media to his advantage. The group formed their own Rolling Stones record label in 1971 to increase profits and cut out the middle man, and also became one of the first to accept corporate sponsorship when touring. Budweiser, Volkswagen, Tommy Hilfiger, Sprint and Levi’s are just a few of the companies that have paid big money to be associated with The Rolling Stones traveling circus. Ultimately, the product that Mick Jagger sold best was always himself.
As for the “human connection” theme, the connections Jensen promises are buried within the deep lyrics if one wishes to go searching for them. However it is far too easy to get lost in the fast music and harmonious sounds of Simon’s voice. The repeat listener will be highly rewarded with finding new meaning behind each song with each successive listen.
The girls and I are real friends. Ramon, Carlo and Keith were not our real friends. They weren’t even real friends with each other. That spelled a world of a difference.
I know I won't be completely "bounced back" for awhile. But now, at just over two weeks postpartum, I'm feeling myself again. I'm not exhausted by pottering around the house doing a few chores. I can handle waking up every two hours with a baby and occasionally with a toddler. I can pull a few weeds without feeling awful afterward. My pelvis has finally firmed up and doesn't feel all sore and floppy if I try to carry the baby around the house. Nursing, by the way, no longer hurts, at least 90% of the time.
The early bird catches the worm. A stitch in time saves nine. He who hesitates is lost. We can’t pretend we haven’t been told. We’ve all heard the proverbs, heard the philosophers, heard our grandparents warning us about wasted time, heard the poets urging us to seize the day.
From this brief review, it appears on the face of it that the TKDL, although possibly useful in some limited circumstances involving over-broad applications, is of fairly limited use. Although it has been claimed (in the above mentioned TofI article) that thousands of applications had previously been wrongfully granted as a result of a lack of information on traditional knowledge, this seems to be far fetched given that TKDL is unable to provide any convincing examples of applications being refused on grounds of a TKDL reference. Can anyone else find one?
Of plaintive
Then when everything was back in working order, I braved a call to Orange to cancel my cell phone. I told the lady that I needed service until the end of June. She cheerily told me that my service would end May 23. I gulped, told her that I had not expressed myself properly (knowing full well that I needed to accept the blame for any misunderstanding). No problem. Hold the line. She returned and told me that she had taken care of it and my phone would be working until the end of July. Rather than try to get a third ending date, I said thank you, hung up, and now I'm hoping that I can call back later and try again. Because you see, I have to close my bank account before we go and I can only imagine the kind of hell that will rain down on me if Orange tries to tap my closed bank account.
on whatever altar you fashion
My favorite is when she says "whatever".
This was the 'My Buddy' for the demon child--before Child's Play hit theaters two years later and made the 'My Buddy' cool, that is. And just so your Pet Monster didn't get lonely while you were at school, there was also...
John Scognamilio – 1 % of his list is nonfiction, 99% fiction. He has been at Kensington 20 years. Kensington publishes a lot of romance – historical, paranormal, contemporary, romantic suspense, women’s fiction, African-American. They also publish mystery, historical fiction, urban fantasy. They’re started to do some YA.
The lionization of Dick Clark since his death has fascinated me in that, while the guy was indeed a part of all of our childhoods, he wasn’t a particularly “warm” media personality. Oh sure, his Top 40 DJ voice was mellow and very pleasant to listen to, and he had the cleancut good looks of any era’s boy next door. But Dick Clark was a host and nothing more. Like Ryan Seacrest today, he was an anodyne presence who had no show-biz persona to speak of — he ushered kids onto a studio set to dance to records and he ushered
Then this week life got in the way, and the Other Girl announced that she was getting married by the end of this month – an arranged marriage. He got scared, scared of losing her for good – he had already left her once before, could he do it again and lose her forever? He said he had to stop this marriage – awww, how romantic! Wait… rewind… that was not my response, nowhere near: I remember going very pale and cold, shaking, feeling nauseous, right before I broke into tears. This could not be happening! This is the kind of stuff you see in movies, not in real life!?
Bilski’s – Johnson Drive and Merriam Drive
You’re the only cure to my flu,
Once you find a set of clues for your area, set out on your adventure. After you decipher the various clues and find the letterbox, check that the rubber stamp and notepad are inside. Then stamp your logbook with the rubber stamp that was in the hidden box. Also stamp your personal stamp into the logbook you found in the box. Seal everything up and re-hide the box where you found it.
What does it do? Simple put, adds a smal system to add more action to every battler, depending on their agility parameter.
I still need to vent.
The Ugly: between the bachelor party, rehearsal dinner, and reception, I had more than my fair share of alcohol
06 - Dead And Gone 04:09
Besides Sheltering in Place there’s other reasons why a kit for when staying home makes sense. Expanding the kit just a bit makes it applicable for various other scenarios, many of them much more probable than an NBC terrorist attack. Thinking of tornado and earthquakes, your home may suffer structural damage which you would need to patch up as well as you can until proper repairs can be made. Having plywood pre-cut for windows before storms hit is common practice for many in tornado country. In sieged Sarajevo, plastic sheet was used to shut windows that had been blasted after the city was shelled. What if a tree smashed through the living room leaving a huge gap opened or you have to pull someone out of the rubble after a quake?
Inside MONA, there are no labels on the walls next to artworks, instead you are issued with what they call 'The O' which is essentially an iTouch. You use it to read about artworks, get extra information and/or listen to interviews with the artists. As you walk around you can vote (Love/Hate) on each artwork and instantly see what percentage of visitors agree with you. You can also register your email address as you start, and it then tracks your visit, emailing you an Internet link to use the following day to view all the information about the artworks you were interested in, and also the ones you missed.
The Hawks need a guy to solidify this position. In the past, they’ve reached out with high 1st round picks for Curt Warner and Shaun Alexander. Maybe it’s time again by adding C.J. Spiller to that list.
* 1 (14.5 oz) can crushed tomatoes, or coarsely chopped tomatoes packed in puree (I omitted completely)
The best retirement planning software makes it very easy to keep tabs on your money flowing in and out, so that you don’t find yourself in debt, which makes retirement planning almost impossible.
Ravishing has a Cremesheen formula so it is deliciously creamy and moisturizing on the lips. It applies with ease, has good colour pay off and lasts pretty well on the lips. The shade of this lippie is just beautiful, it looks quite orange in the tube but is very easy to wear. I find myself reaching for this product a lot because it looks perfect when worn dressed up on a night out and it isn’t too dramatic to wear daily either.
Prairie Warbler 1
www.safe.met.police.uk/bullying/get_the_facts.html
In addition to all the helpful life-saving homeschool helps, forms, planners, and calendars, the 2010 Schoolhouse Planner also has an abundance of household forms and planners as well. From menu planners to medical information forms, babysitting info sheets, cleaning checklists, chore charts, household and vehicle maintenance checklists, gardening planners and checklists, personal property inventory sheets for insurance purposes, and so much more. I simply can't tell you the wealth of information that is included in this planner. (But surely knowing that it's 614 pages long should give you some idea!)
I’m very grateful for the Maryland ACLU’s advice, and am of course very encouraged by their support. That support reflects county, State, and national ACLU’s strong support for local resolutions about this issue, as part of their national strategy — shared with the Bill of Rights Defense Committee and in fact a range of other organizations — to pressure Congress to repeal this law. In addition to the Maryland ACLU, the proposed NDAA resolution is endorsed by South Asian Americans Leading Together (SAALT), the Bill of Rights Defense Committee (BORDC), and the Defending Dissent Foundation.
I admit there were times when it was daunting.
By TOM GRAY, FOR INVESTOR'S BUSINESS DAILY
Berman writes, “…Discovery of social media is now commonplace, and New York courts are having to determine whether the information posted on a party’s Facebook site is “material” and “necessary” to an action. The analysis of what is “material and necessary” requires a careful examination of whether counsel has established a factual predicate for compelling the disclosure of “personal” ESI, and recent decisions highlight the often record-insufficiency of such foundation…
his hands to explore
Combine 3 cups flour and next 6 ingredients (through cloves), stirring with a whisk. Place butter in a large bowl; beat with a mixer at medium speed 1 minute or until light and fluffy. Gradually add granulated and brown sugars and 1 teaspoon vanilla, beating until light and fluffy (about three minutes). Add eggs, 1 at a time, beating well after each addition.
1/2 cup hot water (about 115°F.)
This is what I thought malt liquor tasted like before I knew what it tasted like. "Tastes like a 40 and up ghetto hip hop club in north Florida."
Grundrisse p206
Again, the decay their society is just unreal to the speaker. Also paralleling to Arnold’s Culture and Anarachy is notion that the culture after WWI has become one where people are very distanced from one another and are solely concerned with their own fates and interests, instead of caring of others being concerned with the well being of the society as a whole. Just a couple of lines I found that mirror this in some way are: “A crowd flowed over London Bridge, so many, I had not thought death had undone so many. Sighs, short and infrequent, were exhaled, and each man fixed he eyes before his feet”. The speaker has been so caught up in his own life that he never thought of all the deaths the war has caused (more destruction of society). The fact that each man has “fixed his eyes before his feet” makes me think that they never think to look around at anyone else on the bridge because they are themselves also caught up in their own lives.
On Friday morning I passed the most important test of my life and now my life can go back to just normal crazy as appose to totally-crazy-stresstowhereithoughtiwasgoingtolooseit- kind of crazy. I will now for sure graduate and become an RN. The test I took is supposed to predict, based on your score, if you are going to pass state boards the first attempt. If you get a score of a 900 or above you have a 99% chance of passing boards the first attempt.
My note; I did it the same way Barbara did! It sure seemed like a good idea to me.
This is about the very soul of our humanity.
When it is time to go to bed Kira has to wear a silk cap over her crazy curls. She rejected wearing it until I put one on too, and said, this is what ladies wear to bed. So when it’s my turn to put her to bed, I put on the hot pink silk cap with a burgandy bow, and she willingly asks for her night night hat. It’s not a pretty sight when I wear it, but for her in her little footed jammies, and her puffy pink hat, it’s the most adorable sight of the day. (the hat keeps her hair from matting up with the rubbing against the sheets all night. Trust me I can use all the help I can get in keeping her hair from matting.)
My boyfriend and I are toying with the idea of running the Savannah Rock and Roll Marathon at the beginning of November. It will be the first marathon for either of us, and I have heard good things about it so far. In true “good student” fashion we have both begun to do research on marathon running, just as we each had done for our half marathons.
Its no surprise that Georgia and Georgia Tech have signed the most players (28) from the Peach State to go on to be drafted after Scout.com started raking players in 2002.
The Mystick Krewe Of Clearlight - The Mystick Krewe Of Clearlight (2000). Instrumental doom metal meets New Orleans funk. It shouldn't work as well as it does, but there's something pretty enjoyable about this album.
Johnny was fucked up in a bad way and Sid could see this. Johnny was silent, something else that never happened. His t-shirt looked like it had been soaked in tomato juice and his eyes were bleeding.
You’ve been formed by the Master’s rod.
Are you attracted to me at all?
If I’m giving the movie far, far more credit than it deserves, we can maybe see it as a postmodern deconstruction of the holiday movie. It is, beat for beat, the basic plot of dozen Christmas movies, except applied to a holiday that enjoys nowhere near the same popular support, interest, or mythology. Thus separated from our childhood nostalgia, the movie seems crass, empty, and downright weird, even though it’s the same story as the ‘heartwarming’ Santa Clause or Elf.
Lord, Thy love at last hath conquered:
1.) Face Detection: It is the detection of face and assigning the parts of the image as non-face or face.
On the south wall, the panel over the clock contains a quotation about the Living:
(And with that, everyone collapses into a large heap, laughing their merry heads off.)
When Today passes by
Our friends from Japan were visiting for 3 days in Jakarta, so we took them to Taman Safari (Safari Park) on the first day. We had a great time!! What a fantastic park it is! I absolutely loved it. The traffic on the way out to Taman Safari after we got out of the high way was horrible and we were progressing inch by inch. We went to Taman Safari on Monday and I heard from my friends that it would’ve been worse on Sunday, so I would not recommend you to go to Taman Safari on Sunday if that is the real case (and I believe it). Saturday might be better. It was exhausting just to sit in a car.
The second set is called Cherish, this set is so pretty with the silhouette tree and some beautiful sentiments. I've seen a lot of embroidery hoop art about lately so decided to make my own version.
Stories include: All of Our Dreams, Whole Pieces, Teardrop, Escapement, Recollection, Rear View, and The Last Night of Alton Webber.
4th Ave & Highbury St – 10:16am
Regarding the esophageal dilation I had last month… it was unsuccessful. I still choke on thick foods, and my gastroenterologist said my esophagus was dilated to 18mm which is supposedly a wide amount. You can’t argue with choking though, so she’s going to have them repeat the procedure, this time dilating to 20mm. That should take place in a week or two. Hopefully it works. I have noticed an improvement since last time, so I’m pretty sure one more time will take care of things.
“So why not right after when things were the worst? Why would she wait so long?”
D. abolitionists.
