Many would not believe this however it’s stated that being intimate may help to avoid wasting a person’s life and the explanation why is as a end result of if there is something wrong, they often go to the doctors – finally if their wives don’t make them first that is. Now, if there is something flawed together with his performance and goes for one thing reminiscent of Viagra then the physician will take a document of his situation and doubtless conduct a medical checkup also. It may very effectively be there is a downside or an underlying matter which is causing the person to not really carry out as how he would like. What this really means is that the doctor may spot one thing which is causing the problems; together with things comparable to heart disease. There is likely to be any variety of issues why a person just isn’t performing as he should, some problems the body may need whether it is psychological or otherwise, there must be something wrong.
Anyway, S was really sweet to sms me a supplier in Geylang. Actually I had been buying from them for the past years except last year when we did that bulk purchase.
The Common School Fund was established in Article X of the State Constitution by Wisconsin’s founding fathers as a permanent school trust fund. The Board of Commissioners of Public Lands administers both the Common School Fund and the BCPL State Trust Fund Loan Program.
One other thing I notice with Matteo is just how much he learns from Sebastian and Collette. The Hat song is one example. He also plays with cars (like, actually pushes them along the floor just like Sebastian and Collette do), tries to do puzzles, uses drum sticks on the drum, etc. It makes me grateful that they get all this time together. Not to mention the fact that Sebastian and Matteo have become like peas and carrots. Watching them play together is just too cute. The stuff us parents live for.
Let me introduce you to my newest love. I found this ornately carved (in perfect condition) armoire at the Salvation Army last week. My heart literally skipped a beat when I first laid eyes on this brown beauty. Foreigner's song, "I've Been Waiting For a Girl Like You" began playing in my head (yes, I have theme songs for everything...) only I switched out the "girl" for "armoire." I had been looking for a smallish armoire or wardrobe for my daughter's room for quite some time and lucked into finding this gorgeous piece. The hardware was in perfect condition and the piece itself was very solid and well made.
Dear Dianah
Holidays are kinda fun when you're a momma.:)
Now let's see what gorgeous and fabulous creations the ladies
anthropology I am indebted in general, one which has influenced our
The Occupy Wall Street crowd is looking to have a revival for May Day. I guess they really are anti-capitalist, pro-communist after all.
“‘I’ve got ice in there.”
I'm creating an Insanity and Turbo Fire Accountablilty group. Come join my Beachbody Challenge group and help you get and keep fit throught the Holidays. Get a leg up on all those Resolutioners! Contact me for more details!
Lack of diversity among employees has long plagued adland. The issue was once again in the news earlier this week when New York City Comptroller John C. Liu pressured all four major ad holding companies to disclose data pertaining to the diversity of employees.
An element that many forget is how to feel the success. Each step along the way is like a mini goal. Celebrate each success and keep your eye on the goal.
Youngest: "Oh - so you mean I just need to keep practicing?"
The album begins with a short, 30 second electronic-influenced track titled Overture. I couldn’t imagine listening to Scripted from the beginning without Overture, because it sets the stage for the songs following it, and blends seamlessly into the next song, Theatre. I love every song on ‘Scripted’ but Theatre is really an anthem for anyone that needs a boost of confidence. The lyrics in the chorus, “I wanna live like I lost the script & scream every line, like “this is it!” present a simple, but meaningful message – To live in the moment, and enjoy it. Every song on this album speaks to me. Every song has a message that I can relate to and appreciate. That rarely happens. I can imagine Scripted and Icon for Hire being very popular with teenagers and young adults.Though the title of the album is Scripted, many of the songs talk about what I would consider to be some of the most candid moments of a human’s life. Pain, depression, anxiety, loss of confidence – it’s all expressed in the lyrics.
It is seemingly the most random topic for a documentary: the lives of the first Koreans that emigrated to Cuba at the beginning of the 20th century. Who would have thought? And it is the most random topic, one that the director, Song Il-gon, stumbled upon in his fascination with Che Guevara and with a curiousity to see how things looked 50 years on from the Cuban revolution, discovering in the midst of his readings that some hundred years ago several thousand Joseon natives embarked on a journey – unbeknownst to them at that point – of no return to the other side of the world.
Over the past ten years, Writer Beware and other publishing industry watchdogs like Preditors and Editors have worked hard to increase public awareness of writing scams and the toll they take on aspiring and even experienced writers. It's been an uphill job, but gradually, both law enforcement and civil authorities have begun to realize that writing scams are something they should and will fight. And now there is a new Administration, so a new wind is blowing.
BonnFire Grill Restaurant – 1667 S. Highway 89
“Hey, Passion Fruit, where’s your bitch?” cried a cheeky monkey from the tree tops.
Stay tuned...I will let you know when things are up and running! :)
were most concerned at the seeming loss of connection with the pre-reformation church; the apostolic succession and the symbolic and ritualistic aspects of our faith, organised to assert the ‘catholicity’ of the Anglican church. They became known as the Oxford Movement and became the most significant impetus of the Anglo-Catholic tradition. From 1831-1845 they preached and published a series of tracts espousing the importance of the sacraments and ritual observances in worship that gained them and those who rallied to their thinking
Play That Funky Music was covered by the rock group ROXANNE in 1988 and was sampled by Vanilla Ice in 1990 (for which Parissi was not credited; he later won $500,000 in a copyright infringement lawsuit), and it continues to be a hit in dance clubs to this day. Play that Funky Music is regularly included on funk and disco compilations, and has been included in numerous movies, television shows and was the theme song for Craig Kilborn's late-night TV show. Taylor Hicks sang Play That Funky Music on American Idol a week before he won. On March 31, 2009, Adam Lambert sang this song on the American Idol television show.
Yep – I saw it. What can I say? I’m a sucker for Ron Perlman and Nic Cage’s ever-astounding wigs. (And this one’s a doozy – the best way to describe it, at least at first sight, is something akin to shoulder-length blonde dreadlocks.)
Jake has started Kinder in Cooktown two days a week and Ella is 'hanging' to start at day care next week. She will go the same two days Jake is at Kinder and the other days Max and I will look after them with the assistance of a nanny, for those busy moments!
dmnews.com informs that according to a survey released on March 7 and conducted between Feb. 1-7 by StrategyOne on behalf of Edelman, 21% of people said they have abstained from joining a rewards program for fear of what would happen with their personal information.
“Hoover and Placido, March 17, 2009: Firearms are routinely being transported from the U.S. into Mexico in violation of both U.S. and Mexican law. In fact, according to ATF’s National Tracing Center, 90 percent of the weapons that could be traced were determined to have originated from various sources within the U.S.”
Then recently with the issue with Scott’s Quarry in Blanchisseuse I asked why, if Sunway was linked to Calder hart, was the contract to quarry in Blanchisseuse not suspended pending an investigation….only to have confirmed this morning what I have been suspecting for quite some time…..this government has no evidence to substantiate their claims made in elections 2010 about Calder Hart. Their accusations and allegations were likely fabrications. Which means that they probably committed libel and slander on the hustings, having made accusations against both Manning and Hart that cannot now be substantiated.
another living soul
Trailers for sale or rent. Rooms to let fifty cents.
Center the cocoa mix with the poem, wrap the two sides around and staple at the top to attach to the cocoa mix. I also added a piece of ribbon scrap (cut about 1/2 inch wider on each side) and then tied a double knot to conceal the staple and dress up the Valentine. I added a tiny piece of double-sided tape on the back bottom piece so it would stay nice and neat.
I know there's only just over a fortnight to Christmas, but I've decided to squeeze in a small brew which will hopefully be ready in time.
Karo is a good friend of the art lodge and we’re big fans of her work. This is the first installment of some of Karo’s work that we’ll be sharing. Peep her bio and some of her photos below.
Jilliana was great at the Dr. and only cried a little when she got her immunizations. The good news is that the standard of giving all new immunizations to children adopted from China has changed. Before we repeated all immunizations not knowing if they were really given or if they had been stored properly. But, the Dr.'s have found out that if the child comes with a detailed immunization record, then the immunizations do not need repeated. Also, when we adopted Lily last year, the law stated that she had to get re-immunized while in China. So she received 7 shots before leaving China. Jilliana only had to have the tb test before leaving. We gave her two of the shots that she had not had and will follow up at our Pediatrician for the one we did not get. Also, we will need to get blood work and the urine and stool samples done.
I marvel that ye are so soon removed from him that called you into the grace of Christ unto another gospel: Which is not another; but there be some that trouble you, and would pervert the gospel of Christ. But though we, or an angel from heaven, preach any other gospel unto you than that which we have preached unto you, let him be accursed. As we said before, so say I now again, If any man preach any other gospel unto you than that ye have received, let him be accursed. For do I now persuade men, or God? or do I seek to please men? for if I yet pleased men, I should not be the servant of Christ.
And if you were unaware of my app catalog, why not a quick bio on each app. While currently they do not blog at great depth (some do tweet and post to google+) they still need warm caring fingers to tap with them. As you already know HexMaster (celebrating its 1st birthday this week!) I will introduce the others. KanaBattle and its newest sibling KanaBattle 2 are games for learning Japanese characters (such as Katakana, Hiragana, and Kanji). Scale Tapper is a pitch constellation music theory exploration app. (Scale Tapper is particular about its genre.) Hanzi Warrior is a language adventure game for demonstrating proficiency in Mandarin Chinese. Bopomo Blitz is a fast-paced match-2 game with a learning twist. WordPress tells me that I just hit word 556 so nice to meet you and see how I worked that whole marketing thing in.
If you're in the area this weekend....be sure to stop in!!
bubbled water
Great businesses are built on great business models, driven by great business leaders and are dynamic and adaptive to the climate it finds itself in.
And in the end, old school proved victorious. The unanimously chosen, winning couple of the 2011 LA-31 dance off was Charlotte St. Romain and Tony Lavergne. The applause for them and all of the dancers was thunderously well deserved. I trust they will enjoy their hard-won seven days on the Le Voyage provided Caribbean cruise.
A bunch of spring onions, sliced
From the Library: 6
1 march - Fabryca - Warsaw, Poland
if we attain the good-pleasure of God.
Shore up support
As people in Europe, the U.S., and the rest of the developed world live longer and procreate less, their countries are steadily declining. Some projections suggest that, worldwide, there will be half as many children under the age of 15 as there will be adults over age 60. Fewer kids means shrinking populations, an aging populace, and economies burdened by health care and pension obligations.
Organizing it has proved to be rather stressful, but I'm really hoping it'll be an enjoyable vacation. Hanging out with friends and just chilling... Getting away from a house that's in the middle of some major repairs thanks to some serious leakage... It should be good.
But of course, its not their fault. And besides, since that is the risk we are dealing with, it would be giving in to terror to not do everything homicidal, suicidal or just generally fungicidal to prevent the terrorists from having their dastardly way.
Photographs & Video "Bubble Girl" of Slideshow by Wim Van Hooste.
After trying to sell them in various garage sales,
Although the list of acts of the sinful nature can be systematized under several headings, there is little discernible order in the list. In fact, “the seemingly chaotic arrangement of these terms is reflective of the chaotic nature of evil” (Betz 1979:283). The chaos caused by theses vices is contrasted to the wholeness and unity of the fruit of the Spirit. We must be careful, however, not to think that the contrast between acts and fruit is a contrast between active and passive, our effort and supernaturally produced growth. We have already seen that life in the Spirit is both active (walking) and passive (being led). And though love and goodness are fruit of the Spirit, Paul urges the believers to work at loving and doing good (5:6, 13-14; 6:4-5, 9-10).
Jesus could have simply spoken words of healing and forgiveness over anyone. He had the power to heal with words alone, and sometimes He did.
Okay, so maybe that looks like a lot but all except one of them were done in 2009. Didn't intend for this post to be a retrospective but sometimes you never know where a post will go until you start writing it.
Easy and simple way to know what yachts might be discovered is usually as easy as attending yachting occasions. Open days, as talked about above, is 1 illustration showing a yacht event. Mega yachts in the marketplace marketplace themselves mostly on luxury amenities and special add-ons which make them appealing to potential purchasers. Easy and simple strategy to attract individuals purchasers will be as easy as revealing individuals features.
8:30 p.m. 2200 Harvard St. 916-772-7555
Our only quibble was that our curly fries all arrived stone cold, and tasted heavy on the tongue with congealed oil. They weren't particularly crunchy either but the heavy dusting of chilli powder was a surprise.
Oooh...my lovely Steve lent me some pennies so I could by some Copics...well actually the whole collection of Ciao's....including the new release...I am one very lucky lady..and I might have to pay back in kind too....lol..!
I greet a group of 12 (nine human, three canine), then pass through a gap in a low mossy bank that marks the boundary of Pignal Inclosure. The tree cover is initially broadleaved here, mature oak and beech and sweet chestnut, a contrast to the acres of softwoods through which I have just passed. But the forest soon reverts to type; I continue along a firebreak, green and lush with soft rushes, which leads though more pines. I leave the sunlight behind and make a brief detour into the shade beneath the trees. Recently thinned and pruned, perhaps the previous year, piles of brash crack noisily beneath my feet, while above my head the tree tops sway gently in the breeze, releasing a shower of pine needles that drift down like a gentle shower of rain.
There have got to still be some nice boys out there....right??
Serina
Claire and her bridesmaids had use of The Oast Cottage on the grounds to get ready in which overlooked the gardens. They had their hair done by their friend Catlin and make up by Christina Panzini. Her dress was by Alfred Sung which she personalised with belt and straps herself. Both the shoes and jewellery were from Mamfii Bridal.
Likewise, the LCA project has helped our defence labs develop a wide array of avionics and flight gear - carbon-fibre composite structures, fly-by-wire, automatic flight control, multi-mode radar, heads-up-display, supercruise, thrust vectoring, chaff/flare dispenser, electronic countermeasures... And all of this will no doubt come of great use in the Medium Combat Aircraft project!
McMillian is a high effort, aggressive, sure tackling, instinctive Safety that has the tools to become a very solid contributor in the Packers defense. He reminds me of a guy I played with named Jaquwan Brackenridge. He played the game the way it was meant to be played, he hit like a ton of bricks, made plays on the ball while it was in the air and was a gym/film rat. Quwan was the best player I played with (and his brother, Tyron, has played 6 years in the NFL and CFL) and McMillian plays A LOT like him. I think this kid is about to surprise a lot of people.
Well, as we speak, Cranky, a mature male reader whose favorite works are nonfiction war history stuff, is slurping up volume number two. Now will you believe me that it's addictive?
Free radicals damage your skin and interfere with collagen production causing premature aging. Antioxidants counteract free radicals that age the skin. Berries, especially blueberries, are potent antioxidants that promote collagen which reduces wrinkles. Citrus fruits such as oranges, lemons and grapefruit help rid the body of free radicals keeping the skin looking young. Foods high in the antioxidant beta carotene including carrots and apricots protect the skin against sun damage.
*A patient went into a seizure right in the middle of talking to me. His wife lost her damn mind, too.
Only, he isn’t a man. He isn’t even mortal, not really. He’s the scion of a deadly clan of space beings. He’s been alive, perhaps, for thousands of years. He’s headstrong, anti-intellectual, ignorant of history and uncaring of the consequences. He’s a muscly George W. Bush.
There is that beer that you love and is always in the fridge, it doesn't have to be an expensive craft beer or a high gravity Imperial Stout. Just something consistent, of good quality, that is easily available. Always there waiting for you at home expectant, like a faithful dog.
It's been quite a summer. My arts year. My year of following my bliss. First there was the Minnesota State Arts Board grant to go to Ireland to study traditional harp music, then the acceptance into the Writing en Plein Air course in Auvillar, France, with Jamie Cat Callan.
Sadly, my Mr. had to leave today, and there's more that I need to get done next week, but I'm honestly enjoying the process, at least, in between the freak-out moments :)
The village of Brantingham lies on the north bank of the Humber west of the City of Kingston upon Hull but far enough away to have its own uniqueness. This is almost a picturesque chocolate box village at the foot of the rising Wolds with its own dale and church, its own village hall and pub and a pond.
In a sense, it's the appeal of ruins.
Linguistic issues aside, it was great to meet up with Rachel as she's always prepared to give advice and a piece of her mind and she has a great sense of humour to boot but what did she come up with? Well somewhere, out there, is a poor little piggy who is wandering around with no feet as Rachel decided to introduce me to the Catalonian staple of trotters, one part of the animal that I had yet to try. There were 3 variations to sample, Trotters A La Catalan, Trotters Stuffed with Prunes and Plain Trotter, all prepared up to a point with some cooking to finish them off as well as some super concentrated pig stock. It was stipulated that the finishing part should be done at home and with a proper hob and oven. Try to do everything in a microwave and it will all turn to "pish and I'm nae having that" I was warned. By the time I got home that night, it was a little late to eat even by Spanish standards so I decided that I would rustle up the trotters for breakfast. So the next morning I set to business before work filling my kitchen up with delicious porcine smells. First up was the trotters catalan which were heated through in a vibrant orange carrot sauce and finished with picada stirred in, which is a blend of chopped hazelnuts, garlic and parsley fried with some of the sauce mixed together. Second was the trotter with stuffed prune which were to be sliced into rounds, fried and served up with a simple accompanying tomato sauce. And the third was the plain trotter wiped with some honey and roasted until crispy. And in terms of order of preference that's exactly how I favoured them. The trotter in the lairy orange sauce was beautiful and cut nicely through the glutinous flavour of the meat with a lovely nutty sweetness. I ended up drinking the remnants from the pan like soup which left me with a happy carrot moustache. The trotter with prune was a very close second with it's mixture of caramelised piggy crunchiness and soft textures within. Prune and pork made good bedfellows and the tomato sauce with some of a teaspoon of that thick stock blended in added just enough tartness to balance the flavours overall. The plain trotter was also nice but having smeared some honey on it, the tasting session was starting to err towards the saccharin end. I would be interested to see how trotter fares with more savoury or spicy flavours. The twins finished them off nevertheless (in fact they had a good dig in with everything).
Something positive that came from November...I lost the 6-8 pounds I'd gained in October. Whew, that was close. I'd have rather done it some other way, but hey, who am I to look a gift horse in the mouth. I earned those pounds and am happily sitting at my 13 pound loss and looking forward to more droppings, even during this holiday season. Do you think I'm being realistic in this hope?
I pulled her into my lap and rocked her and told her that all teachers have different styles and that her new teacher might just take some getting used to. My logical brain believes this 100%, but my gut tells me it's bullshit. I advised her to give it a day or two--to be open to her new teacher and all of the change that a new school year brings--and that if she STILL feels this way at the end of the week, I'll schedule some time to speak with her teacher.
These drugs do work for some – for many, many more they can create more problems than they solve.
4. Not realistic. Plausible. A certain degree of internal consistency is good and the world should hang together for at least a passing examination without any glaring ‘wtf’ moments.
You can find the plugin in the QGIS plugin installer. It is still in beta, so you might still find some bugs and other problems. But the developer is very responsive, just file a bug or go to the QGIS mailing list.
Sophie: "Do you have kids, Harry?"
Scared away a customer
So I'm now home and just finished cleaning the pistols. In between the match and now, I was off at another range which I will blog about soon.
Last year we went almost 2 weeks over from when they projected me to have the retrieval, my eggs were 'ok' but not great! This cycle I received nothing BUT good news---I went on time and perfect!
Like those who, scatter'd far, perchance deplore,
Today, I'm digging the asparagus patch out all along our fence. It's late to get them growing, but we won't harvest them next year anyway, since asparagus are best on year 3 (and we have 1 year "bulbs" not seeds). Brian is halfway done with our chicken coop, so I hope he has time to finish that during the week. That just leaves the composter and the raised beds - two fairly simple building projects. And then...my goodness. We will have gone from barely nothing growing in our backyard to a moveable feast. :) Dreams are so cool.
The label went ahead and issued Some Girls Wander By Mistake, a 1992 import-only collection of the first lineup's singles, but The Sisters Of Mercy held their ground and never recorded again (even though finally in 1997 WEA officially released the band from their contract). Instead, The Sisters Of Mercy have continued on as a strictly live band - mainly Eldritch and whomever he recruits for each tour. Over the years they have introduced several new songs in their live sets. Perhaps one day we'll get a proper collection of them released on CD.
Top this exhaustion off with a legitimate allergy to guinea pig urine (I've learned it is not so much dander as it is urine that morphs into aerosol). That's gross especially for me, a Nephrologist who loves urine. Within a half hour of arrival at Laura's new digs, I could feel the familiar itchy throat, raspy voice, and the start of chest tightness. The rest of the story involved an albuterol inhaler, zyrtec, wide open windows that allowed stinkbugs free entry into the apartment, and frizzled nerves all around.
Before our "food coma" adventure. We strolled around the mall and got a few stuffs.
Pakistan claims these operations train Taliban soldiers and terrorists for operations against civilian targets in Pakistan. Thousands have died in Pakistan over recent months during these attacks. Pakistan also contends these same groups are, not only fighting the Pakistan military but the Americans as well.
I go straight to my room to take off my bathing suit. I pull on the shorts my mom laid out for me, but I choose a different t-shirt. The one she picked has a picture of a pink cartoon elephant on the front. Once she put it in my soccer bag and I had to wear it to practice. That woman is on a mission to make me a laughing stock.
on this night
The term “Pharisee” is thrown around lightly today, but to charge someone with being a Pharisee is a very serious accusation. It is to charge them with being a self-righteous hypocrite who denies salvation through grace, who hates sinners, who exalts tradition to the same authority as God’s Word, and who is a Christ-rejector.
One is the traditional theatrical ‘business model’ in which people pay to buy tickets and then go see the show. These are the so-called ‘paid’ shows.
The National Day of Prayer has been challenged in the courts by the Freedom From Religion Foundation. The first challenge was unanimously dismissed by a federal appellate court in April 2011, but they are not likely to go away.
I used Gimme Lean breakfast sausage (hehe, Jimmy Dean...) as a side - also so similar to the original it's scary.
“Great.”
Tom Shiltz-Guitar/Organ
Whether you subscribe to the benefits of organically produced food products or not, that method of production is the traditional way of producing crops, not the Monsanto-dominated, "Roundup Ready" method which is leading to the oh, so unexpected rise of herbicide resistant superweeds.
I wanted to try out a new lens recently and focused on this little bird that looks like he's singing. I decided to base the colors on the layout based on the little bit of orange in his feathers. The white Teresa Collins flower was a little larger than I wanted, so I used Beverly's tip to remove a few layers. I zapped it with my heat gun, which made it easy to remove some of the bottom layers. I also made the Manor House orange flower smaller by removing the bottom two layers. I painted the birdhouse using some gold paint.
Then you can begin to repair the pipes…1 hour after you started ripping out what you thought was an easy fix. God bless your ignorance .. without homeowner ignorance half of these jobs would never be tackled… if we really knew what the house had in store for us we might run away screaming.
Classssy! Beautiful tapestries, fairly modern yet tasteful decoration.
Unsupported conclusions, such as the one offered by the Wellcome Trust spokesman, often create sensational headlines but do little to move science forward. Authors of the positive XMRV studies have been extremely careful not to claim causality, realizing that more scientific research is required to make such a statement.
1/8 tsp guar gum OR xanthan gum
With silent judgement
Crown’d with a helmet and dark hair the nameless female stood;
There were no more cache’s after that and sadly I didn’t take any photographs of said geocoin – I could hope in all hopes that nobody gets to that cache before Monday and the rain stays away and I could go back and get it and move it but I won’t, hopefully some other lovely geocaching person will find and move it on.
“I just, you know, I just never expected to run into you, and uh, I guess . . .”
I feel like things with the wedding are finally starting to come together. After a lovely little church debacle (which I won't even start to get into because its long and boring) it looks like we'll be able to be married in the other congregational church in town. It isn't the church that I was confirmed at, but it is a church that I have been to considerably (my brother was confirmed there). And to be honest, I've always liked their services a wee bit better (that may be sacrilegious or something but oh well). We got our save the dates in the mail yesterday! So exciting.....no going back now. We also found a friend's dad from NH to be our DJ. He's a great guy and acquainted with both Keith and I. In fact, we've watched quite a few soccer games together as his son and keith have played together all the way through college. So that'll be nice. We found a photographer we like...now the only major things that are left are bridesmaids dresses and a florist. Nice!
–Actually, side note, I’m way out of Brad Pitt’s league. Have you seen that man recently? What happened to Fight Club Brad Pitt? Oh yeah, HE GOT MARRIED. Just one more reason I don’t believe in women.—
In 2009, Attorney General Eric Holder’s Justice Department issued a memo stating that it would not prosecute medical marijuana patients, suppliers or caregivers in states that have passed voter initiatives to legalize the drug’s use — so long as they were all abiding by that state’s laws.
Nebraska Christian College
Today's alphabetical microfiction takes us to Queensland in Australia, our first visit to the continent that as called Australasia when I was in school and Oceania on Wikitravel :) Any passing folk from the region care to tell me which is the preferred term?
I have so much to talk about. Tomorrow I will clue you in on a few of them.
422500 Farm product raw materials
It became a source of great worry and stress for my parents. So, one day my dad told my mom to throw all of the bills into the fireplace. She did. And to her surprise...she felt better.
up to the Pole,
I love how Hunger tied in with the novella and I can see how the secondary characters are going to have their lives intertwined with each other. The time line for Hunger and Warlord was parallel to each other. It was fun to see what was happening to Emma and the other Valkyrie gals while Myst was off having her adventure with Wroth in Warlord. And it was nice to see Myst and Wroth again towards the end of Hunger. We get to see a little more into their HEA.
90′s – fitted shirts, baggy pants
I took 3 frames that I had, painted the back piece of the frame navy, and used Mod Podge to adhere the "art" to the back piece that was painted. The buildings are pieces of scrapbook paper cut to size (I used paint for the windows), the Superman emblem was a black and white coloring sheet I printed out and painted, and the Pow was also cut from scrapbook paper. Super easy. Lesson - kid art doesn't have to be elaborate or expensive.
Sunday at 1 p.m., the Knicks take on Atlanta then ABC shows the Thunder roaring into Los Angeles to face the Lakers at 3:30 p.m.
I carried him home and dressed him off.
Overall I was very happy my decision to use Scala. The code was clear, it ran as fast as Java code and simply put the best word to describe Scala is elegant. For the first time in about many years I find myself wanting to switch my primary dev language. In terms of tooling and documentation I strongly recommend the IntelliJ Scala plugin (intelliJ has an open source community edition of their IDE these days and the plugin is free $0). In terms of books to learn Scala I found Scala for the Impatient (published a month or two ago) to be by far the best introduction to the language.
Despite obviously being deceived into the ‘deal’, Lee was convicted and sentenced to imprisonment, bringing an end to his otherwise illustrious teaching career.
Another Paris Proust Files interview in Dec!
I like to drink Budweiser in the back of pick-up trucks, yet I haven’t had a drink in several years. I grew up in the gritty Midwest yet I seem to reside in sunny California. I work at a law firm while facing the hopeless plight of an actress. All this while jamming a needle into my abdomen every two weeks. I’m gonna be honest, it’s a little overwhelming and it’s forcing me to ask myself the big questions like, “Hey, why not drink alcohol? It’s delicious.” or “Who gives a shit about the law? Aren’t you supposed to be a waiter or something?” To be honest, I think I may be having a midlife crisis. I wish I had a family to leave. I’m not sure how a single woman in Los Angeles burns the house down in a way that conveys crisis mode but I’ve got a few ideas.
So I turned off the engine and got out for a think.
#039 Eric Gagne (Dodgers)
Hope you are all well :D
Missouri state officials said they had positively identified 142 sets of human remains Saturday.
Which Jesus?
Have you ever done anything like this? How do you soften the sting of a read-through?
So what is a young couple with low egg(low quality?) and poor morphology to do? My doctor presented a few options that aligned exactly with what I wanted to try anyway. We both agreed to try 3 rounds of Clomid/IUI before moving onto IVF. I hope I respond to Clomid, I really do. I have very regular cycles and a noticeable LH surge, so I DO most likely O, at least that’s a plus. The Clomid from what I gather will make me stimulate more eggs then normal. More chances is always cool with me! Clomid carries a 10% chance of twins, double awesome! I’d be happy if I get pregnant with triplets for craps sake! At this point as many kids I can get done in one cycle is a major plus.
Our thanks today for the widely tweeted news that BBC Scotland has employed a promising new TV weather forecaster, who's not afraid to insert one or two of his own ad-libs.
just halfway down. When the silent ones
Click here to read my short FAQ about this holiday period…and also how some of the holidays changed names a few times fairly recently.
A tiny proportion of streets in Rome are named after women, while nearly half are named after men - and it is a similar story in other major cities around the world. Outrageous sexism, a simple fact of history, or both?
How I wish we had photos of Bell's first place. At least the black-and-whites of the Vogue-published interiors she and Grant created survive. Try to imagine entering River House, the London home of Mary and St John Hutchinson, around 1919 or their Albert Gate digs a bit later in the 20s. Think Matisse, not 1980s decorative painting for nurseries. Bell's and Grant's decorative work would seem startlingly fresh.
Tours, Lepanto, Vienna, and even in its lesser way Omdurman, all show that Islam defeated is Islam tamed. The burning of the ancient Library of Alexandria, the obliteration of Christian North Africa, the Islamist genocides in India, the destruction of Byzantium, the repeated rape of the Balkans, the ceaseless efforts to take Europe - all show that when Islam takes a foot it wants a hundred miles.
TGIF, right? See you Monday!
After starting this project I quickly realised that if I’m feeling obligated to be kind then I am far more likely to take it personally if the recipient of my kindness is ungrateful or unappreciative. Giving with a negative intention (because you feel you “should”, to get something out of it, to make someone think better of you) is not really a kindness to anyone. Because eventually you will feel so resentful you’ll explode, or you will burn out, or you will simply forget that you actually have any wants or needs of your own. And all of these scenarios will actually prevent you from giving fully to others.
Blend milk and wheat in a blender for 4 minutes. Add remaining ingredients and blend 3 minutes more. If you are using a Vita Mix or simular blender, only blend for half the time. Otherwise, you will be cleaning cooked batter off the bottom of the mixing container thing (sorry, having a brain laps. Seems to happen often....)
This is the (second) quilt I made for my mom's birthday. Except that she doesn't expect to receive this one :)
Where to begin.. I completed the flying portion for my commercial pilots exam on Saturday morning.. So I am now a commercial pilot.. :-)
...you might see one come your way!
I have a DIY home theater PC hooked up to my HD TV and stereo, so I can stream music from all four services, but I’m tempted to get a Roku to simplify my movie and music streaming. Sony is setting up a streaming service for all its devices called Qriocity, so if you have a Sony TV, Playstation or PSP, they might be worth considering.
For this one I wanted to use opposite colors, but the green is really dull so that the red will stand out more. I like this combination of red and green. I have also been working on painting black objects with a range of light and dark, but still making them look black. Not as easy as it sounds!
It's really easy, you can adapt it SO many ways and it uses the same basic concept as printing on burlap. Except I printed on canvas instead. (I bought a large canvas drop cloth from Lowe's for a little more than $5).
Now, I suppose it’s time to start thinking of shoot suggestions. I’m going to Big Bear this weekend, so I’ll definitely plan something for that snow-filled, out of the ordinary place.
As we know all too well, Apple has been charging a premium on its products for years.
In 2002, Fatah began building a girls' school in Hebron named after Mughrabi, funded by US money. When this came to light, the Palestinian Authority promised to change the name, but as soon as the school was completed, the name change was rescinded and the school is still named after Mughrabi as I write this.
It's been almost six months since I last wrote an article for Photo-Sleuth or made any contribution to Sepia Saturday. The reason for this has been my involvement, in a variety of roles, in the Rena Oil Spill Response which has just been wrapped up. I've posted a few photos taken during my Rena adventures since mid-October over at my Gluepot Gazette blog if you're interested in seeing what I've been up to. I'm afraid there just hasn't been the time for catching up with fellow SS enthusiasts' efforts, let alone researching old photographs. While I await the outcome of several job applications currently in the pipeline, I'll hopefully have a little more time to do both over the next few weeks.
Even Tanner was finally awaken enough to move into a sitting position on his pillow to watch the perplexing show.“Just what in the bloody Hell is going on here?” the dog seemed to say to him as it looked incredulously over at Jack.
Oh, and by the way, what is "Fourthy"?
If I could re-do my high school prom I'd wear a classic vintage formal dress, like the one that Sarah is posing with in Jen's booth. Look at the lace and the ruffles!
I finally took some time to dabble in fused glass over the weekend. Tammy bought a kiln several years ago when she took a class in fused glass but for the most part it's sat idle the last couple years until recently when she began using it again. I decided it was time for me to try my hand at it as well. She gave me a few pointers then sent me on my way.
Then he shows a clip of Tommy Robinson and I genuinely couldn’t see what the joke was. What was funny about the Tommy Robinson clip? I’m not forcing myself not to find it funny because he’s the leader of the EDL. Unless... unless the funny part of it was Tommy's being working class and speaking in a working class Luton accent! So that’s what’s funny about it! Outrageous! Really.
And another old warrior of American conservatism, W.F. Buckley says: "The conservative instinctively rejects collectivization": A pretty useful short definition.
next summit in 2014.
01/20/2011 BUY 0.02 xauusd 1361.020
If you were to press a local about the photo, they would probably tell you that the photo was altered, or the film was flawed, etc. etc. but you will never get an admission that this is the only known photo of Mildred Packer.
Interest Step: The answer to that question is found in the Scriptures. The Bible advocates repentance for our sinful and apostate condition. We often criticize Israel for its foolish continuous rejection of God, but sometimes we are not much better. Perhaps just as Israel often found itself in a position of needing to ask for repentance, we should consider that we might be in a much better place if we were willing to so humble ourselves.
I was going to post this yesterday, it being the Chinese New Year and all, but I got caught up in some stuff. i.e. Tumblr and YouTube, but I digress.
2 g vanilla extract
The early Supreme Court led by the fourth Chief Justice John Marshall (serving from 1801 to 1835) broadly interpreted these powers, extending federal jurisdiction over a number of aspects of intrastate and interstate commerce. In more recent times, under Justice William Rehnquist, (serving 1986 to 2005) the Court restricted interpretation of the Clause to allow states more control over business conducted within its borders.
Thanks Bridget for the pick! I'm interested to see how other bakers changed up the flavors! Check out the other Tuesdays with Dorie bakers!
Blood through my veins raging.
As far as the readings go, they’re less complicated that they sound. If you’re over 50, your doctor will focus primarily on the top number – the “systolic” measure, which gauges peak pressure during the time when your heart is contracting. This generally should be under 140 (ideally under 130 in some people with diabetes or kidney disease). The bottom number –the “diastolic” reading, measuring pressure “between beats,” or while the heart is pausing to rest – plays a role too. As doctors, we like to keep an eye on it, particularly in younger people.
A few days ago, I noticed that she was restless after her 6am feeding, which is very unlike her. She didn't cry, though, so I didn't pick her back up, and she eventually drifted off to sleep. When I picked her up a bit later, I discovered that she was soaking wet. She was sleeping in jammies and a sleepsack, and everything was wet, including the sheet below her. When I changed her diaper, I discovered that although it was on in the front, in the back, it was completely off her bum. Her bum was literally hanging out of the back of the diaper. Epic fail for diaper application by our babysitter! I couldn't believe that she didn't cry. Poor kid.
so the best way to me was choose the winner by Random Org.
Ellen shook her head. "What about a trip?"
The Owners of Alpha Trading are also members of Maple Group which is awaiting a decision on its offer for TMX Group. They are also acquiring CDS a non-profit securities registration firm. Can you feel the banks tightening their grip? 10 years ago it was considered essential that the securities trading operations be completly separate, on an ownership basis, from the securities firms….the banks, as regulators struggled to maintain the four pillar concept for our financial markets (the good old days).
“Yes David. Truly I do know who you are.” She whispered. “You, however, have no idea who we are, do you?”
Afrikaner: "The word 'Afrikaner' has a long history among Dutch-speaking colonists, but its modern nationalistic associations are comparatively recent, starting around the 1870s but principally early in this century.
Birth, a beginning, a change. Most creatures are quite well formed when they are born, so there was quite a lot of development and growth prior to that moment.
His life changed suddenly in his twelfth summer with the death of his father; overnight all previous plans for his future were rendered null and void. As an underage peer of the realm he became a ward of the Crown and was sent to London to live with the man that was probably the most important figure in England, equal to if not surpassing the brilliant Queen herself, her Principle Secretary, William Cecil, not yet forty, and with some way yet to go before he reached the apex of his career as the Lord Treasurer, a post he would hold for the rest of his long life.
Good evening. My name is Mike Matthews and I’m a special education teacher in the Red Clay School District. I work in what’s called a resource room. I work with students who require a substantial amount of services.. These are students who, in some instances, are later referred to intensive learning centers when my setting isn’t working for them.
I mean, a book about a socially awkward receptionist working for a company where her co-workers begin to disappear and her boss grows increasingly odd and secretive... yes please!
We had a really nice date. We went for a really long walk and had some nice dialogue. It got late, so I decided to stay the night. I was almost asleep when I suddenly developed diarrhea of the mouth, and said “I need to talk to you about something.” I had not prepared myself properly for this conversation. If I had, it may have gone better, maybe not. I’d at least have been more articulate. I had initially made the decision to wait until after dinner with the parents for this conversation, but again, the night was going so well- why not screw it up?
He stretched his arms out as far as possible but couldn’t touch both left and right at the same time. He put his hands forward and leaned, the moved his feet back with the idea of arching himself to brace his weight and climb upward, but he didn’t have the strength. He felt at the stone sides to see if there was anything on which to get enough of a grip to climb out, but the stone had no sufficient gaps.
File Under ;;; Original Post Punk Rock 'n' Roll
Dinner: wrap; 2 oz turkey, 1 slice American cheese, 1/4 avocado, 1 wrap, 1 cup sliced strawberries
Does SOLO IP have any Northern Ireland readers out there who would like to share their thoughts and feelings with others -- or who can disabuse this blogger of the impression he has painted above? If so, we'll be delighted to hear from you.
Or something from Rose Tremain? Beryl Bainbridge? Graham Swift? Margaret Atwood? Anne Enright? Iris Murdoch? My list might become very long.
If they do, what price will they pay to save the world?
After we prayed, my mom (who was 5’ tall) looked up at me and said with tears streaming down her face, “I feel so clean inside.” It was a very special moment in my life to bring my mom to Jesus. My mother died 1 ½ years later at age 47.
Chris and I have a serious problem.
Gigophile – One who collects gigs for the love of it
The time he took to contact a disabil­ity claims consultant before filing his claim paid off. Not only did it give him a better understanding of the terms of his coverage, it alerted him to possible pit­falls in filing that might have resulted in his claim being denied. He also had the opportunity to discuss his options for continuing to practice medicine while collecting “total disability” under the terms of his contracts. And finally, he had a source to turn to should his insurers respond with questions about his claim.
Doug Forbis is a unique individual.
To use real-world examples, I would define the spectrum of ripped on a scale of David Beckham to Lou Ferrigno.
As proof of the forgoing consider that if you did have unlimited money and knowledge you probably would not come within a million miles of owning a boat in the first place. You know as well as I do that the reason most rich people are rich is because they have had the good sense not to become involved in boat ownership or anything else as foolish and irresponsible as that. If they had they would (a) not be rich and (b) not be smart. Maybe I should have listened to and heeded my father’s sage advice, to wit:
2) Promote liberty in a way that people will "get" it.
Place the butter, flour, salt and sugar in a bowl and blend with a pastry blender until the mixture resembles coarse meal. Add the egg yolks, water or cream and lemon juice and blend until the mixture is uniform. Shape into a disk, cover with plastic wrap and refrigerate for 30 minutes.
And she,—she lies in my hand as tame
As you may have noticed, I'm doing a day of the week theme here. I'm trying it out- IT being the daily blogging with the cutesy names- but no promises that there will be an Inevitable Monday or a Radical Tuesday (that's a hint of what's to come tomorrow) post next week.
Linda has been instrumental in Berner Trail Public School winning the gold standard as an eco school, has lead the school choir for a generation (and even sang the anthems at a Blue Jays game). As a teacher and an artist and an environmentalist, Linda has left her mark on her profession and her school.
These gifts will be posted on the Inspiration Avenue FREEBIES page :
In the nineties, one of my favourite 'guilty pleasure' authors was Christopher Pike. Unlike many of my friends, I was never really a fan of his The Last Vampire series, but I did read several of his other novels that have stayed with me ever since. Top of this list is The Midnight Club, a book about a group of teenagers who are all dying. They're residents of the Rotterham Hospice for sufferers of terminal cancer, aged between seventeen and nineteen. To escape from their pain and isolation, they form the Midnight Club, meeting each night to tell each other stories. They begin to speculate about life after death, and promise each other that the first one to die will give the others a sign.
She advised me to learn Pranic Healing and go for a session in my city but continued to heal me on regular basis. We would talk on phone for long hours and it changed my thinking, my way of living and slowly my depression also evaporated. The entire being was filled with positiveness and good health in no time.
Guess what, my posts have passed 200th already! When I got at my 100th post I did a giveaway and thought I would do something fun again when I reached 200th. But I'm not sure what I really want to do for it at this point. In the meantime, I don't know why but my followers on this blog, Flickr and tumblr keep increasing. I'd love to show my appreciation in some fashion!
Oh, and yay for getting back on schedule and actually getting my feature done on Monday! Plus, I'm going to be creating a treasury today (a few days early) in honor of Valentine's Day. It should be lots of fun! =)
On April 29, 2011, I cheerfully celebrated with a certain pair, a royal and his betrothed, as they were united in a very public wedding ceremony. Months prior, I declared I didn’t care a bit about the whole thing, odd for one so entranced by all the English do. But the energy built all about me and by the week before the wedding, I was as excited as most of the women on our fair planet. Of course I didn’t wake early enough to watch the wedding footage live, but I saw snippets for the next two weeks and that was enough to satisfy me. Additionally, the directors at work decorated a particular room for the celebration, including tea sets, lovely floral arrangements, and sweets of all sorts to encourage employees to join the festivities half the world was taking part in. I was glad for it.
Secondly, don’t take snow globes in hand-luggage. Our souvenir bag was pulled up after the x-ray and apparently you can’t take snow globes in hand-luggage as they contain water. We don’t know if you can take them on if they have less than 100ml (we were too surprised to ask), but take them in hand luggage!
Hell, you could be watching the Sci-Fi Channel's remake of Children of the Corn.
God, The King of Kings,
I’m With You by Avril Lavigne
I'll start with me. The big news with me is that since January I have taken up running again. So I have been running about 2-3x a week for the past 6 weeks. I am up to the point where I can often run 3 miles at a time! I was thinking about having some kind of goal - when my friend Kathy invited me to run the Broad Street Run in Philly with her on May 6. I kind of toyed with the idea, then jokingly invited my former college roommate (and current runner) Rebecca to come up from Atlanta and run the race too. The next thing I knew she had booked a flight....so I guess I was in! The hitch is: this is a TEN MILE RUN. TEN MILES, PEOPLE! People keep saying to me "But you can already run 3!" Yes, I can run 3. But there is a big difference between 3 & 10.... Anyhow I am training. This is a big year for me (and my other aforementioned friends).... we all turn 40 this year. So if I can finish this race? Well that's not too shabby for an old lady. (Now if running would just get rid of this baby belly I would be a happy woman indeed!)
Nicely pitched towards the crisp, dry side - but without completely abandoning sweetness - the idea of cracking one of these open on a warm, sunny afternoon is enough to make me leap on the next plane heading south.
On this particular day, I was having fun with the pig and horse. Miss Piggy so loved having her belly rubbed, and Miss Dixie the horse allowed me to rub her a bit. Then, we were heading out for a bit, so I wrapped myself in a couple of scarves and grabbed my Longchamp tote. I slipped on my new sunglasses--and voila! Ready to go! Gotta love uniform dressing--and, I'm still so very happy with my very first All Saints leather jacket.
(In all seriousness, as I post this, tornadoes are ripping through my home state of Kansas. I hope all my family and friends are safe and sound and not hosting a dinner party.)
Aside from looking at pictures of Mrs. Vreeland, a classic belle laide with an extraordinarily powerful sense of style, my favorite thing about her is all the thoughts and pronouncements that tumbled so easily out of her ceaselessly active brain:
The city announced that Public Place -- one of the more polluted parcels of land in Brooklyn, between Fifth Street, Smith Street and the Gowanus Canal -- will be the home of a mixed-use development and has asked developers for proposals. Curbed
"Getting married at City Hall was perfect," she says. "You could feel the tension in the waiting rooms--the expectations and the wedding nerves. It was really nice to share that with the other strangers."
When those long caravans that cross the plain
11:24 am: Announces to her younger sister “I have better things to do” and abruptly ends whatever Barbie-party was taking place…which lead me to discover Holly had used bright markers as “make up” on all the Barbie’s, and when she realized it would not wash off, tried to make her escape.
They demand a complete overhaul of a nationwide voter roll they say is packed with phantom or duplicate voter registrations, and reform of an Election Commission viewed as biased in favour of the ruling coalition.
He should have taken heed. Lately we have been going round with our local blood bank. All of a sudden instead of impersonal post-cards touting specific blood drives that we can read, study, or throw away, the blood bank has taken to impersonal phone calls to cajole those with intact veins to high-tail it to the nearest donation center and start bleeding. Lately these calls have been coming every day. Multiple times a day. So many multiple times that they managed to make She of We call them damn vampires and He of We called them blood sucking blood suckers. On the same day. From different telephones. That’s when we confirmed that Each of We has the same tolerance for annoying telephone solicitations even when the solicitor isn’t trying to sell something.
Vampires Suck has a specific target audience, and anyone who hasn’t seen (or read) the Twilight series will be completely lost as the plot is reliant on the viewer knowing the story of Twilight and its sequel(s). However, with movies like these, usually the more the viewer knows about the source material, the funnier the film is. In this case, the opposite is true: I know the Twilight series thanks to my girlfriends obsession. I have seen the movies multiple times, and know the story well. In the case of Vampires Suck, the more the viewer knows of the original material, the more they will feel the need to throw his or her Blu-ray disc in the trash.
Years ago when thinking of the waste of paper in all the paper back books that are thrown away I started recycling them. With his table saw, my husband cut through many of our previously read books in different angles. I proceeded to fold them into themselves forming all sorts of shapes. When these were first constructed I sprayed them with a light coat of white paint....just enough to give them a common color but letting the print show through. For this centerpiece I dripped paint of many colors on the little sculptures to have them blend with the drop cloth. Then I just piled them down the center of the table.
Because dying is natural,
i am done.
Simmer for about 45 minutes to an hour.
In total 27 000 women and children made the highest sacrifice in the British hell camps during the struggle for the freedom of the Boerevolk.
I gave him my hand
Ultimately, she met and fell in love with Carol Bradford. They knew each other for years and were in many classes together. They both had a great love for the law. Nancy, Carol, and Randy were in a small student clique, from their poetic justice class. They spent each summer working toward their goals. They traveled together to the Appalachia areas of Kentucky, to observe the internal laws of mountain people. Although Carol felt nothing for these backward people, Nancy was so touched by them and their way of life. She decided, after seeing the need of these people, that she wanted to become a public defender and live within this community. Nancy absolutely loved her work. She was a bleeding heart that wanted to do everything possible to help those who had gotten themselves into a pickle with the law. The Appalachian people suffered in ways the clique had never seen before. Nancy’s heart went out to the people she met and she knew this is the place she wanted to be. Her heart wouldn’t have it any other way.
The only person you owe anything is yourself, and the only thing you owe yourself is to enjoy it, not get pregnant (or impregnate anyone), and not get or pass on any STIs.
I can see whomever I choose
You have taken fresh beets and have roasted them in the oven
From a friend I received a parcel containing old laces. Some pieces are spectacular, those that I am showing you are crochet made (I think).
- Almay Intense i-color: 25% off
While the gameplay has its allotment of spots that haven’t age-old so able-bodied overall, and the ascendancy isn’t perfect, Air-conditioned Mario 64 DS is still a lot of fun. It’s a huge bold with large, ablaze environments, and it pulls off some authentic tricks and presents you with absorbing and acute puzzles. The bold aswell contains a scattering of new areas to explore, admitting abounding of these abate areas in actuality aren’t all that interesting. The bulk bold and the fights adjoin Bowser are still the stars of the appearance here.
Fun? Windows?
This fall marked my sixth visit to Dana Hall School and, as always, I most enjoyed my time there. (The sixty degree, sunny, and perfect New England day didn’t hurt, of course – especially in the wake of the recent freak October blizzard that struck the area.)
5) Blogger must display the Award at any location at the Blog.
cumin to taste
The pensive fair maiden
This got me thinking about the networks and avenues of finding information. We know there’s a problem with representation of disabled people in general in our society, but it just kind of stuck me how far reaching the impact of that is. People pay lip service to Beethoven, and it ends there. It’s kind of a joke. Not kind of. It’s actually really awful. I get a little sad in my gut (actually near the kidney area) when I think about all the people who don’t have good opportunities because they can’t hear. Like, if I decided to right now go cut an album I could. All the tools are free and available and designed for my working ears to use. If you didn’t have a background in music and also couldn’t hear you have to put in that much more work in order to be able to accomplish the same things. I know it’s like that with everything for deaf people, but that’s stupid and wrong.
Sonic Youth feels like one of those bands which demands a serious baggage of information in order to be approachable by a would-be critic. The same vibe applies to the uninitiated listener as well, although, in my opinion, I think it’s a myth that works mostly against the band’s musical way of expression. For some reason, I get the feeling Sonic Youth is considered one of those proto-hipster bands which only true razor-thin musical tastes can hold any claim of understanding as a whole. Luckily, I’m not going to attempt a history of the band, since it’s been around a very long time now, experimenting and playing with a myriad of styles and genre bending their way across the decades. I’ll just try to write about Dirty, their 1992 album, the first of their discography I ever listened to, and the one which I still enjoy the most.
"We are all sisters in the cause of Christ."
I’m lucky. I’m sitting in a friend’s office. He works in the family business, one of the largest diamond wholesalers in Asia. He normally deals with ridiculously wealthy customers so I’m fortunate that he’s doing me this favor. I know I’m not going to get ripped off.
There were phrases like ” Fight like a Butterfly, Sting like a bee.”; brief interviews with the famous Dundee and poetry by Ali on the fight’s outcome…
The one failing of this recipe is that it does not make a pretty finishing photograph. Dan suggested putting the pork chops on top of the beans but I forgot. Sue me. You’re not eating this dish because it’s sexy.
They've been stopping by at dark
Its motto — which is echoed by Hamas, the Muslim Brotherhood franchise in “Palestine” — is translated thus:
The sun setting over the Pacific at Ragged Point, with clouds fittingly blurring the horizon. I had a terrible night trying to sleep there, yards away from the drop off. It was weird.
Meyers JD. Congenital varicella in term infants: risks reconsidered. J Infect Dis 1974; 129: 215-217.
the army will not be able to get hard cash and therefore cannot spend the
So by the time I got home I was able to tell myself, and actually believe: It is a good thing he emailed me when he was upset. He was communicating! He was reaching out! And even more than that- he actually cared that I was gone! I have left him overnight before, the last time was about 7 months ago- and he wasn't happy, but only because he didn't want to spend time in the car to go to Grandpa's house. He didn't care where I was going or what I was doing. Not like this.
I love spending time with these girls! Choosing the right couples to do this with is very important! I do get to see them M-F at work, but for the most part, we are all business, so getting to hang outside of the classroom is very important to our friendship!
So yeah, I had a hysterectomy. It's not so hard to type this information out loud here in my blog to semi and total strangers, but for some reason I have been unable to tell to many other people about this, including anyone in my family, except my parents.
As all sports enthusiasts know, the NFL Draft started Thursday night. While Matt and I were watching it, a conversation about Tim Tebow came up – yes, male readers, I DO watch sports related television with my husband, with a smile on my face! We began talking about Tebow being the biggest crybaby in college football. I love it!
12/3 Hebrew Tasting @ Pat's Liquors, Porter, 3:30 - 5:30
I just sent this question to The Ethicist at the New York Times, but in case Randy Cohen doesn't get back to me, I'm posing my conundrum to you, Dear Reader. This is a real query, and your feedback will help me decide how I should handle things.
Activity: Analyzing Food Chains in an Aquarium Habitat. Divide the students into groups and give each one an aquarium to analyze. The aquarium should have a sand ground, some aquatic plants such as elodeas or eel-grass, ans some fishes make sure you have some small ones and some bigger ones that can eat the smaller ones. Hand out the worksheet for this activity so students record their answers there. Help students to see and identify this aquarium as an habitat for the fishes and plants that live there. Give enough time for observations.
More broadly, and linked to both these things, I’ve been trying to achieve greater compression, to cut away all but the most essential details and reduce each story to its fundamental core. Out with explanation and too much back story, that was my motto, I suppose!
I saw Work Friend B swallow nervously as she looked at me in faint horror, trying to mouth something. I ignored her and focused my attention to the expat. Unfazed.
(1 King 3; 11-14).
If you want to be good at writing, you have to write, write, write and rewrite what you had rewritten. And then start again. That’s common knowledge.
I love The Firm workouts! Actually, I used to. Couple of years ago I did them regularly. Felt FANTASTIC. Lost weight, built muscle. Got pregnant. (Coincidence? Hmmm…). Haven’t worked out since.
Tim & Eric
Bitterness Units: 34
we only get better … with age
3) Tribal Connection
The arrival of Boy Pulot brought new life to the franchise, as he propelled the team to its first victory against sister team Barako Bull Energy. Omolon seemed to fit in Pumarenz’ system and compliment the behemoth that is Marcus Douhtit, picking up misses and cutting in every screen set by the Gilas giant.
“However, the countries won’t be specifying the values that they will each be contributing, especially the countries of the BRICS,” Mantega said, referring to the grouping of Brazil, Russia, India, China and South Africa.
I cut out a doily heart using my Silhouette and weaved the Charcoal Twine through all the loops and tied a bow in the center.
Of course...you can use this aging technique on new prints, book pages, and things copied at your local printer. The ideas are endless !
‘I said that I’d go after bin Laden if we had a clear shot at him, and I did,’ Mr Obama said. ‘If there are others who have said one thing and now suggest they’d do something else, then I’d go ahead and let them explain it.’
Then I started to reflect on my time as a blog author. I started my little blog way back at the beginning of the school year. It was a way for me to share what I do and find others that also teach the intermediate kiddos. I know that I've said it before, but coming from primary makes me way too cutesy for my placement. I don't think I'll ever go back to the little ones, but I've learned to never say never. (When I taught 1st grade, 4th graders scared me, and I said I'd never...and yet here I am!) I've enjoyed this year tremendously. I've had an outlet for the cutesy and the creative side of me that wants to shake some of the grouches around me and scream, "They still like smelly stickers!"
G is for green grungy brocade, and started out as a green tag sprayed with green glimmer mist and sponged with forest moss ink round the edges. The grungy brocade stamp was again stamped with flitterglu and gilded. The flowers were made using the TH die - the gold one was originally wrapping paper sprayed with gold glimmer mist and dusted with green ink, the green one was grungepaper with green glimmer mists.
I arrived not long after 11. Went down the row of Buffy stars for autographs, and Julie Benz and Mark Metcalf were both there. Julie had a long line of people (twisting hack and forth,) but there were only a half-dozen people waiting for Mark.
Iceberg tip
Can you just say, “Hey God, I am worried about this and I need your help,” and then just start worrying about it all over again. Of course not. I do it ALL THE TIME. I have to stop. I have to understand what Jesus was saying in Matt. 6. In verse 32 it says, “…and indeed your heavenly Father knows that you need all these things.” God knows before you ask. He still wants you to ask and communicate with Him as this establishes a relationship in which you will hear him speaking to you more clearly, but he already knows what you need. Don’t whatever this worry thing. It is a big deal. You really can believe in God. He will get you through any situation. Now, does that always mean it works out how we have planned. No, but that is because these are not our plans, they are God’s, and I think he knows better than you and I.
Wash and completely dry the peppers. Make a slit in one side of the pepper being careful not to cut all the way through. Depending on the pepper, some will have more seeds than others - you can leave them in or take them out, it really is up to you.
Hello Vampirates fans! Welcome to the sixth stop at Justin Somper's Vampirates: Immortal War blog tour. I'm sure a lot of you have been enjoying the treats from this exciting blog tour so far and there's more fun to come! Today we get a glimpse at Justin's tastes in music as he reveals the music behind Vampirates!
We've seen it hundreds of times. A parent enforces bedtimes, against the obvious will of the child. The days are planned carefully, with enriching activities scheduled out by the minute. Playtime is defined and controlled and scheduled. Many of the things a child does in a day - from when to arise to what to wear to what to eat to who they interact with and what they do - are presented in a tightly bound package that sometimes gives the illusion of free choice, but which in actuality removes almost all aspects of the child's free choice from the equation. Sometimes it looks like this; sometimes it is less severe. And, of course, sometimes it is even more restrictive that I have illustatred here. And if the child goes to school, it is even worse.
don't miss one little bit of the fun, darlings!
This week Jacob will try green beans for the first time! I'm planning to make them from the four quarts of fresh green beans we got from our CSA share! He even got to help pick them and sample them on the farm!
Location: St John Fisher House is the residence of the Priestly Fraternity of St Peter in England & Wales.
Here’s hoping in 2012, you find your dream, and spend the rest of your life giving it all the love you can give.
Odell Brewing Company Saboteur
don’t know what they cost (they were free for me!), but i’d say anything more than $1.50 and you’re better off finding a 24 hour mcdonald’s to fix your fry craving.
I refused to acknowledge what had happened that day even though I remember that he made me do so many ‘horrible’ things to myself while he watched. He didn’t stop there…he took me to my room and there, he had taken my virginity.
Top all of that off with other pressing expectations and I am ready to crawl under the covers and wait for tomorrow to start all over again...
Sometimes the way I learned growing up seems surreal to me, when I compare it to how most others spent their childhood. Like I lived in a different world, despite my physical proximity to everyone else. Sometimes (often), I still feel that way! It's such a radically different way of living than that of the mainstream that it's hard to reconcile the two. And I find myself frequently just really, really not getting why anyone thinks the traditional way of teaching small children is a good thing! Learning can be so simple, so flowing, and so much fun, if only parents and educators would relax, sit back, be ready to help if wanted, but mainly just let it happen. Children are remarkably good at learning! As the great John Holt said:
I look back down to ease the burning in the back of my eyes from the brightness of the sun only to see Gonzalo, the other tan guy who is my age but is from El Salvador I think, walk over to me with the blackened and stained tip of his index finger hidden deep inside his nose. What a charlatan this poor traveler is, doesn’t he ever wash his hands? Or shower for that matter? The chemicals in the mulch dyes alone would be enough to send him to the hospital…then again I’m sure he doesn’t have insurance. Satisfied with my assessment, I look down at my phone to see if I had any missed texts. Gonzalo’s choice of a long-sleeve thermal shirt underneath his work shirt and long khaki pants on this, the third consecutive day of a historic heat wave, only emphasize the glossy mixture of sweat and grease on top of his head. I consider the fact that he has chosen this exact outfit every day this summer, regardless of the weather. Spiraling deeper into the inner recesses of my consciousness, I wonder what he wears on an actually cold day. From behind bloodshot eyes that carry dark, sagging bags, he grins as he whispers, “¿Que pasa, mayne? ¡Que pasaaaaaaaa! ¿Un poco descansito mas, amigo?” Without even allowing me adequate time to translate the sounds rolling off of his tongue, Rodrigo continued past me with a small chuckle to accompany the rhythm of his stride. Still trying to figure out exactly what is happening, I look over and notice my older colleague smiling, as usual without speaking and in apparent oblivion, right at me.
Portland brought out the best in us.
I guess I'm especially picky about romance in that I look for flaws more than positives. The more aware of a love interest's flaws a girl MC is, the more appeal the couple has for me, because it shows that the heroine has her feet on the ground, and it feels like she's falling for a real person. Probably one of the reasons I liked Kody Keplinger's THE DUFF so much was that the first thing Bianca notices about Wesley is his faults.
when they “fixed” my phone I didn’t have problems for a week or so except heating up. I updated BBM and the phone started heating up like mad. Then updated twitter. soon my phone was doing the same things again.
Wish I had some cute pictures on this post; I'll get them up as soon as I can!
Entire civic infrastructures were wiped out as tornadoes and storms leveled entire neighborhoods in various parts of the South, obliterating homes, businesses, schools, hospitals, churches…
I have to tell you something, entertaining stuff, not sure what to make of it. I worked at a certain New York trade publishing house some years ago and remember quite clearly a manuscript that was on my boss’ desk called INNOCENCE TURNED DEADLY by Robert Duncan O’Finioan about some super secret agent/soldier fighting the bad guys and having been created by the government. The book proposed to be the first volume in a series. My boss found it to be an interesting premise but the manuscript was (1) too short for commercial publishing and (2) badly written.
1. Monster Mash - Bobby 'Boris' Pickett & The Crypt-Kickers
Whatever your interest, I recommend making a card honoring each individual “member” of your collection and even, if it feels appropriate, creating a special suit. You’ll find your knowledge on the subject will grow and your passion shifting to a deeper level.
I hope you love all the goodies I've shown you today. And I hope you are inspired to create some goodies of your own. Keep it simple...add a few fun details....and just enjoy the good times. Have a great day, my friends.
From March 12th-31st of 2012, I will be donating the *royalties I make on THE FAIRY GODMOTHER DILEMMA: CATSPELL--both in paper and e-book form--toward the purchase of the Kindle Fires.
Layout #3 All Dressed Up
It is not your wrath on us
He found himself still straining in his bonds against the tree. With breathtaking intensity, the pain in his rib returned. Melnak held the amulet to him still, with unyielding grimness.
three__ It would make the biggest God in all the world. He would be a wonder­fully big God—he would be a giant or a monster” (Joseph Smith, Jr., History of the Church 6:476). “I have always declared God to be a dis­tinct personage, Jesus Christ a separate and distinct personage from God the Father, and the Holy Ghost was a distinct personage and a Spirit: and these three constitute three distinct personages and three Gods” (Ibid., 6:474).
Scarborough: ha
The final page of the book provides some additional titles for learning more about the animals in the book.
Alright, I promised world building advice and world building advice I will give. Anyone who has been writing for a while has run into the problem of realizing that he or she just doesn’t know enough about their story. In modern or historical fiction this calls for travel or research, after all if I don’t know enough about England to finish my story, then I need to go learn more about England. If I don’t know enough about Napoleon, then I need to learn more about Napoleon. However, if fantasy and science fiction writing this calls for World Building, after all when Tolkien ran into a problem who couldn’t just hop on a plane and take a trip to Middle Earth to find the answer. Speculative fiction is about creation, and so when a speculative fiction author realizes that he/she doesn’t know enough about his/her world to finish a story, then the only solution is to create more world. Thus, world building.
In order to survive, he kills innocent civilians and “borrows” their heads. By squeezing their head onto his body, he’s able to become an exact duplicate of them. Well, an exact duplicate visually. Mentally, he’s a blubbering idiot. This isn’t a knock against his race. They seem to be highly intelligent. His intelligence seems to dissipate once he begins wondering how many licks it takes to get to the middle of a Tootsie Pop. This leads to an abundance of fish out of water jokes. It’s handled better by John McNaughton than it is by Arthur Allan Siedelman, who directed the awful “Hercules in New York”, which I just recently had the displeasure of watching. Even so, it’s nothing more than your average bumbling confusions. He doesn’t have a grasp on the English language; he imitates others, including a hipster; he mistakes eating rats as normal. You know, the usual.
Since 2011, in Portugal, a country extremely opened to technology advances, great designers and many free and amazing thinkers, were held more then 20 TEDx events all over the country, where people can actually feel that their ideas and dreams are taken into account. Even I (Liliana Neves) had the pleasure of participating in 2 of these amazing events (TEDx Youth@Braga and TEDxVimaranes) and I’m helping in the organization of TEDxBarcelos (held on April 28, 2012) with the slogan “Different Paths”. The energy felt in these kind of events is indescribable, the life stories are breathtaking, and what i felt the entire time was the passion of those men and women that really love what they do.
The software from then, which was already pretty damn good at blocking porn on home PCs, has gotten even better at blocking porn. Why the hell do we need to censor the internet? The answer is: we don’t (except for that highly illegal porn, but that’s another issue and one for law enforcement agencies).
I am not going to rest till i get a properly working replacement for my device. The damn thing is only 6 months old.
Yes, 13.44 miles. Who’d have thunk all that weaving and dodging walkers would have added that much extra mileage.
And there is not the slightest excuse for plum or puce or chartreuse.
Tim James is betting his election that Alabama voters prefer what he calls "common sense" to "political correctness." The Republican gubernatorial candidate is running a provocative ad arguing that Alabama's driver's license exam should be given only in English.
Then it kept rolling.
Say no to smoking and alcohol - excessive consumption of alcohol can cause neurological damage and lead to temporary memory loss or amnesia. Smoking is another bad habit that can constrict arteries, which deliver oxygen to the brain, thus affecting your memory power adversely. So - steer clear of both these habits if you want to improve memory.
THE CABIN IN THE WOODS is a really smart, really funny, really bloody movie.
Lost Dog comes out of the cage first. An 11.5% Rum Barrel Aged Imperial Porter has a lot to live up to, so let's get the crack. I was really exited about this beer, not just because of what it is, but because it's made with the guys at Lost Abbey. I've had a lot of beer from the guys from Southern California, and I've been blown away by all of them, so let's hope that they lost nothing on the way over here.
Groups like the EDL and BNP have started to protest about these attacks. They are after all ignored by the media, politicians and courts.
So we had a wonderful meal at the Deli last night: orange roughy with asparagus and an orzo salad. Just YUM! And Nicole made a delicious custard, which I just had to try. Unfortunately, Gary didn't help me finish it. I did that all by myself. I'm good that way. Just ask my gut. Or my butt. Either one will be happy to acknowledge my proficiency at finishing desserts. My favorite part of the meal. And I blame my father for that! It was his fault that I grew up loving sweets. Wasn't it? See, I am still rationalizing. Or hadn't you noticed?
The goat cheese should be blended into the vegetables and hommus with few large lumps of cheese. Leave lumpy if desired.
Has it raised peoples awareness and made people TALK about the testing of cosmetics on animals? It seems that it has.
OK, as popular as religious items are now, thanks to the Jeanne d'Arc French Nordic phenomenon, how cool is it that I found an original 100 year old Madonna plaque??? The plaque is made with some type of plaster and the image almost looks like it is printed on metal. It has a date of 1902 on it. I'm thinking of replicating this one of these days. I'll let you know if I have some luck with it.
I’m good at moving. My husband and I have moved numerous times to numerous states. Since the time my daughter left for college and now, she has moved nine times. NINE TIMES! I keep wondering how that’s possible. This will be her tenth move and, hopefully, her last for some time to come. She has purchased a place of her own. She’ll finally have a permanent residence, and people will stop asking us for her new address. Listen. Can you hear us cheering?
714 D-III/5/1976. “Virtue, the Humanities, and Public Policy: Courage as a Case in Point.” Conference on the Transition of Youth to Constructive Adult Life: The Role of the Public School, The Center for the Study of Democratic Institutions, Chicago, Illinois.
But this wasn't the typical pack searching scene. And I apologize in advance for what I'm about to relay.
I loved Baby, he was the sweetest addition to the cast of characters. Watching all those Scottish warriors fall for him was one of my favorite parts of the novel. My only hesitation was that I couldn’t quite connect with Grace’s inability to tell Michael that he was Baby’s true father. I thought it was pretty obvious from the start that not only was Michael a good man (Grace was concerned about this) he was hurt and lonely after losing the woman he loved. Baby would have gone a long way toward easing this man’s pain from the very beginning.
with wise men.
3 cooked chicken breasts, chopped
Of course I've ended up with 4 massive boxes of books, kitchenware and other items that I'm not sure I'll ever use but my mother seemed happy. I also got their dining room table and a computer desk for my bedroom.
Probably three quarters of my patterns are for dresses. While I do wear dresses almost every day I'm not sure I need another thirty-something dresses in my wardrobe to add to the ones I already have. So, I'm going to make a rule. For every vintage pattern I want to buy I have to get rid of one from my collection. Hopefully, this will mean I can keep it to a manageable size.
Shut the fuck up about my diary! It´s. My. Diary. I write it and I say anything goes.
Just see what you have in hand.Do well what you know to do – now,today,tomorrow,each day as you go along and,as God said, here a little,there a little,line upon line,line upon line.(see Isaiah 28:10,13).
my husband looked really happy that we didt go there LOL !!
And finally get some sleep.
The drive from the airport to our resort was along the four lane Highway 307 linking the 79 miles from Cancun through Playa del Carmen to Tulum in the south. Spread along this road were literally hundreds of hotels and resorts. Trip Advisor lists 258 hotels in the area. Some are for adults only, others have great children’s programs, many are all inclusive and a few are for budget minded travelers. The larger hotels cover acres and have pyramids peering over the trees. One driver described them as “pueblitas” or little towns.
Dinner: on two separate occasions
The weather has been so warm and sunny this weekend (not unusual in this part of the world) it’s weird to think it’s November. So we ‘ve taken the ‘chance’ to get Oscar out and about and give him some different walks to his normal beach outings.
So, if you are out and about and happen upon a friendly retail outlet with a friendly shopkeep who is a purveyor of the finest malted beverages, stride to the counter and confidently request a Weihenstephaner Hefeweissbier Dunkel or a Festbier and give them a try. If you can only find a Dan Murphy’s just go with an Original, a Pilsner or one of the wheat beers. Then go home and drink them and wish your companions a Merry Christmas from Good King Wenceslas.
So last week in Vienna, in fact on my birthday, and with J. as complaisant as my friend Martin had been, I put the record straight. I bought two red roses from a flower stall in the city centre, we took a taxi to the Zentral Friedhof, found the true graves and I laid a rose on each.
5) If you're in the East Bay and want a fun Wednesday night trail running group, the WEENIES is a good one. (Wednesday Evenings East Neighborhoods International Exercise Society.) Last week we were up on the deer and fire trails in Tilden and above Strawberry Canyon, and in the dark we startled a deer that almost bulldozed us as it was running.
I need an improvement plan for this. I need answers.
I am so glad that HBO introduced me to this series of books. Martin has created a world that I love spending time in and characters that are able to pull me into it. A Clash of Kings gave me a much different reading experience since I did not know what was going to happen like I did with A Game of Thrones and as a result I was able to become more involved with the story. I am now fully committed to this series and can’t wait to start A Storm of Swords. The only thing I am not looking forward to is the insanely long wait between books as I am positive I will finish the five that are currently out long before the sixth and seventh are released!
'Cos I'm driven by this hunger
Be sure to check out the brand NEW images hitting the shop today as well as another fun challenge on the Meljen's Blog!
Right after eating we were off to our first destination, the island of Guimaras. We rode a palm boat from the port of Iloilo and in just 20 minutes we are already in Guimaras!
Tart and Tangy - Stamp set
Roasted Squirrel
I often see him restlessly seated
Each year I spend the weeks before the big day baking up sweet and savory delights, and this year is no exception. On the list today is Christmas Sandwich Cremes, Butterscotch Icebox Cookies, and Browned Butter Sugar Cookies. I usually bake about 6-10 different types of cookies, homemade Nut's and Bolt's (not exactly a baked good, but worth a mention as it's sooo buttery delish!), and many other delicious bites.
Also, take a look at this beautiful lady. Hopefully her face won't launch a thousands ships into battle, but she just might persuade someone to give up a little pocket change. After all, she's been convincing me to part with my slim pot for years.
I’m a bit stressed regarding WGT again, since I’m very low on cash, but it’ll work out. I know it! Oh, and I can happily tell you all that today has been the first real summer day, at least in my town. Sunny, warm and wonderful.~
Location: Field
In terms of their effectiveness as controlling the wheels, both are equal. In terms of effect on aerodynamics each has its merits depending on the prevailing rules and trends. However both have different benefits and demands on the chassis. Pullrod clearly provides a lower CofG, although access can be an issue. In Red Bulls case they place the 3rd spring and inerter horizontally across the front of the gearbox. This means one sits above and the other below the shaft connecting the engine to the clutch. These can only be accessed when the gearbox is removed and are subject to a lot of heat. Although Newey tells me that they do not suffer unduly because of this. One difference is in the load passed through the wishbones.
Do you honestly want that?
+++++++ Breaking Celeb News +++++++
The internetz have already started swarming over this new single from Detroit bruiser Guilty Simpson, keen to note that it's not included on niether his upcoming "OJ Simpson" collab with Madlib or Lib's new "Madlib Medicine Show No. 1"....
For many years I sweared up and down that I’d one day visit Pigeon Key… well, that was this day and it was SO worth it! Located 2.1 miles down the old 7-Mile Bridge, these days it’s only accessible by foot traffic, bicycles or boat. The old 7-Mile Bridge has been closed to automobiles since 1982 and recent years closed to the tourist tram after cars.
Google images of White girls being marched into schools with Africans at bayonet point, google a list of the FORCED integration of schools; anti-Whites forcing non-White immigration into every White country, making it illegal to have a White town or business, force integrating Marin country, CA. Mandating that every White business hire a minimum number of non-Whites. Constantly implementing “diversity” policies to get more non-Whites into every White country, school, business and organization etc…
How, when the midnight signal tolls,
The Drudge Report yesterday (January) feature titled “Foreign company buys U.S. election results reporting firm.” The article documented that SCYTL, based in Barcelona, acquired 100 percent of SOE Software, the leading software provider of election management solutions in the United States.
As usual, we couldn't have pulled this off without the help of our fantastic customers and friends. All the material and cloth that covered the shelves was borrowed, as were the trestle tables which we used to build the long table. The publishers were great in making sure we got the signed copies that we'd asked for and we even managed to borrow the plates from the cafe next door.
-Finding myself "drawing a blank" when someone greets me (especially if it's a big greeting, like opening to a hug upon approach)
I decided to make a coffee cake because I am addicted to cakes and I consider them the perfect companion for a good afternoon coffee. I had some friends over for a workshop and I served with sparkling Asti and it was absolutely phenomenal...definitely a daliciuus recipe...Dona Cano's bossa nova cake is incredibly flavorful and everybody loved it.
he seats them with princes
What will the future bring for Lowe? A memorable career I'm sure. Will he attain the same success as Reuben Reina/Alan Culpepper (both NCAA Champions, USATF National XC Champs and both Olympians)? I'm not sure. I do know watching him and German at the same school as Freshman should provide much discussion. Just wait for the discussion of Lowe Vs. Reina Vs Bobby Aguirre (El Paso Riverside) in XC. Never heard of Aguirre? You will soon.
So, because this is my blog and I can do what I want, I have decided to shake things up. Here is what I am proposing...Free advertising. Yes, free. If you have a blog, I would love for you to put my ad up for free too. However, if you don't have a blog, that will not hinder your chance at getting a free space here.
I really hope May goes better. Just two months until I get to meet my girl!
Do you carry your firearm at home?
Tomato sauce, 10 table spoons or more if you want to dish to have more gravy
I am challenging myself this holiday season to make (and post!) at least one project every day from now until Christmas- that's going to be a bit of a hat trick for me since I will be working in the NICU the last two weeks of December, but I'm going to give it a shot!
_____I always make sure to be able to live within my means..even If I had to borrow the money to do it (funny borrow quote)
Sometimes the silence
I wanted to run at the lake but I've been having some belly issues and thought I should stay close to toilets. 10 miles around my apartment area and 4 on the good ol' treadmill
TalkTalk is the only major UK ISP so far to have implemented a network level filtering system which offers parental controls for all devices that are connected via the home broadband service.
The nurse’s station was actually two semi curved counters. The sections were halved down the middle, creating an island among the windows and doors of the observation rooms. All the electrical came down through the wall and up through the floor. Eyes glanced up, took notice of who was came in and then turned back their work.
pictures, and wall to wall fur balls curled up napping on the many pillows and
I remember learning progressively to jump down the stairs from an ever higher vantage point. How on earth I didn't end up in the Royal Infirmary (for that) I'll never know. Evel Knievel was always able to do better than me, yet invariably ended up having to be twisted back into shape (possibly in 'real life' too).
The best dish that everyone loved was vichyssoise. So I’m providing a copy here in case you want to try it. I’m probably breaking some copyright laws so I will cover my butt by telling you to go out and buy the book if you like the look of it. (And Alli – each meal has measurements for 2, 6, 20, or 75 people so may be useful for work!)
The squared-sugar cube fits right into Cézanne's règle (rule) of géométrie, " if you can draw a cube, a sphere, a pyramid...you can draw anything". These cubes add a nice contrast to round café cups and cast pleasent shadows..
JEFFERSON T. Influenza vaccination: policy versus evidence. Br Med J 2006; 333: 912-815.
Think of a punch-and-judy-puppet show. Round and round and round, with no resolution, no progress in the RELATIONSHIP, no change at the soul level. That's porn personified.
So as you can see, we are taking the Brewniversity in a bit of a new direction with some actual "learning". I know that "learning" usually means "boring", but I am here to change all of that. The other event we have coming up is the beer dinner on July 12th with the brew master from Southern Tier in town. Bet you can learn something from that guy. That event, along with the Belgian Beers and GA Cheeses event can be found here. The Deckard's Whiskey class can be accessed by clicking this link. I realize that it is hard to think about July events in June, but these events will sell out, so don't procrastinate if they sound like something you are interested in attending.
“Why,” I said, “do humans not always consign their brethren to water when they die? It is where they come from, after all; it completes a physical and spiritual circle. It is harmonious on both sides – or so it seems to me…”
In eastern Ghouta, a suburb a few kilometres from Damascus, gunmen kidnapped the pilot, a brigadier, while on his way to work,
Heavy Metal -- Clap Your Hands Say Yeah
Two people alike in love’s advocacy,
Using a previous recipe I loved using before called Vanilla nut martini cakes, which has Frangelica in it from as the cake base.
She was also smart about changing our sheets daily and making us get up and take a hot shower to help drain the gunk out of our sinuses. There was a vaporizor and smelly rubs and while it was not pleasant, it was not punitive.
ALL OF THEM asked me the same question: Do you have any chronic, non-cancerous pain?
4. Finally, the following quote is from the South African Supreme Court of Appeal, Delange v. Costa:
Truth be told, I am not convinced that she
See that bracelet from Jessica's Serenity on Etsy?
Thanks ever so muchly – we really do appreciate it xxx
See more.
From what I can gather, War Horse was originally a children's book written in the early 80s, for readers aged under 10. The play based on the book includes lifelike mechanical horses. It is a real tearjerker. Steven Spielberg has jumped on the bandwagon and made a film of the story.
‘No. No I don’t. He was quiet, gentle.’ She looked away, distracted. ‘But there was something about him. Maybe he’s just in the wrong job.’
This is what the Queen of Teen organisers say about their award. ‘Queen of Teen has to be the most glitzy and glamorous award in the world of books, rewarding the nation's favourite authors of teen fiction. The award was founded in 2008 to celebrate the fantastic teen and tween authors who bring so much enjoyment to their readers, dealing with real-life issues in a way that is honest, entertaining and fun!’
Last night’s Voice was a disappointment. There were too many slow songs and underwhelming performances. Other than a few upset performances from contestants I was rooting against up until now, the bright spots were the sudden eliminations of Pip and James Massone. Let’s see who else has to stop appearing on my TV.
Chad
I get a complaint from B that “the guy never fixed the toilet” and it’s still doing the same thing. Well, I know “the guy” fixed the toilet, and he ensured it was operating before he left – he wouldn’t have walked away from it if there was any question, he would have put in a new one. He’s been doing this for 30 years. I let her know what the issue with the toilet was with the bottle, and I inform her that yes, he did fix the toilet. Anything after that is their responsibility. We’ve had too many issues with tenants breaking stuff and demanding we come fix it – let them pay for it and maybe they’ll stop. I hear nothing back after this.
Once that got out USAID publicly acknowledged the error and claimed they would demand that the name be changed. It never was.
Since the A92 looks like a motorway, and a lot of locals refer to it as the motorway, you'd end up with a state of confusion between high quality A road corridors and actual motorways. At the moment, both fall under the 70 limit. If the motorways went to 80 and this type of road stayed the same, you'd end up with people speeding down these right into speed traps, blissfully unaware they were doing anything wrong. A good opportunity to litter our A roads with mobile speed cameras?
2 carrots, peeled and diced
of dance, between the Celtic jig-and-reel and the techno-
My favorite Christmas movie is Elf! My niece who has seen it with me a couple times says that I laugh at it every time like it is the first time. And I do. It is so classic to me - every single scene makes me smile and it kicks off the holiday season for me in just the right way!
Thank you, Adam!
Do you hold back? Do you worry about how others look at you? Do you think that your physical disability or lack of knowledge makes you worth less than others?
1 1/2 tablespoons tapioca starch
Morgan-Capner P, Miller E, Vurdien JE, Ramsay ME. Outcome of pregnancy after maternal reinfection with rubella. CDR (Lond Engl Rev) 1991; 1: 57-59.
“That was years and years ago,” said Marian, waving her hand in the air. She regarded the kitchen disapprovingly. “I see you’re already making improvements to the house.”
According to the National Clearinghouse for Long-Term Care Information, at least 70 percent of people over age 65 will require long-term care at some point in their lives. But earlier in life, funding options are often given too low a priority in the overall financial review process. If long-term care becomes an afterthought, the financial implications later in life can be devastating for a client, even one with a robust and complete retirement strategy.
Shane was beginning to come to in the hallway, and the spiders were crawling ever so sweetly underneath my dermis. I could feel them swarm, feasting intensely on the subcutaneous fat. Sleep deprivation, and its dreadful effects on my frontal lobe, were slowly being hemmed in.
“It was either here or next to the damn pervert behind us.” She turned her head toward the aisle with just enough resonance in her voice to be sure someone if not Khakis himself was aware that she knew what was what. It seemed to make Khakis hand dig deeper then tense into a
"But the beach is full of seaweed".
You can see, but have no inner vision,
You deserve living here, you deserve spending a month or two on vacation here, you deserve anything bad, evil and atrocious that happens to you while being here!
Or am I alone in the universe…
I like every workout on this DVD. I recommend working your way up to the whole program slowly. Start by just one or two circuits a day, and alternate which ones you do. It really does work on your trouble zones: saddle bags, muffin top, triceps, you name it. If you do this workout, you will see results.
For lumber distributor Jim McShirley, a third generation owner of Indiana lumber distributor Sulphur Lumber Inc in Muncie, Indiana, lenders have become tight-fisted.
Preheat the oven to 375. Brush a sheet pan generously with some of the melted butter using a pastry brush. Lightly butter both sides of each slice of squash, again with the pastry brush, placing them on the sheet pan as you go. Sprinkle the tops with salt and pepper.
red potatoes, roasted and diced
The Death Eaters and their masks were certainly one of the more sinisterly memorable features from the Potterverse, which no doubt cropped up in a few nightmares post trip to the cinema, this one giving Iron Man a run for his money.
ANY WAY YOU WANT IT
Stack
(P.S. I bought it at Winesby.com, a tiny West Village shop that delivers wine around Manhattan. The owner Jeff Hock is warm and knowledgeable and stocks 80+ well-curated bottles. Lots of good wine, lots of nice labels!)
Some of those statements might not be true? You decide.
When I left at midnight people were incredulous—the party was just getting started! But I had to get up early to do some freelance. And I have two long days of work ahead of me. Besides, I still feel like the new girl and don’t want to wind up in any blackmail-worthy photos.
"Presiding over his Funky Nation is Big Sam, formerly the trombonist for the Dirty Dozen Brass Band, who blows the funk out of his trombone and refuses to let the audience sit still. Between solos and trombone riffs, Big Sam second-lines (a uniquely New Orleans style of street-dance) and gets the crowd going both in movement and in replies to his call-and-response MC-style. A talented group of jazz-trained musicians makes up the Funky Nation, bringing with them the improv-style associated with jazz and the horn-heavy front section that's the hallmark of big band funk."
"Citizens’ Protection Minister Christos Papoutsis announced that authorities plan to build a fence along Greece’s 206-kilometer land border with Turkey, similar to the US-Mexico frontier, in an effort to curb a seemingly endless influx of illegal immigrants.
Laurent Perrier
Finished
I'm going to try to stick with those numbers!
How weird is that shit?
Recently one of my husbands friends expressed an intrest in me, so what did I do? Not tell him it was inapropriate thats for sure. Oh no, that would be the right thing to do, and if I did the right thing I wouldnt have anything to blog about. Lol.
5 TIGERS, 1 BULL ELEPHANT
BigD~" He WILL keep licking people" as if there is a whole passel of people in his room for LittleMan to lick.
Carmel is a Lyttelton-based singer-songwriter whose lyrical music combines jazz and Latin influences with an alternative vibe. She accompanies herself on guitar, keyboard and saxophone. I’m looking forward to another memorable performance.
Why? Because most people reading this, can do more in "electronic PR" than any agent can. Because any person can learn or hire an SEO expert, take their book, whether it is junk or not, and upload it to a myriad of places for sale or free. They can "brand" their name better than any publishing house or agent can do at the moment. In other words the sanctified, mysterious and snobbish world of "Publishing" is slowly being taught a lesson or two in what happens when you wait too long and do not follow what is going on around you.
He then allegedly bought goods before claiming cash refunds, Bow Street Magistrates Court heard.
Tidal current power is different from wave power. Wave power harnesses power of the waves while Tidal Current technology extracts energy from the high tide bulge created by the gravitational pull of the Moon and Sun moving horizontally around the Earth’s surface.
Well now we're reaping the rewards of our hard work, and benefiting from the flexibility of homeschooling. It's performance week for K-boy and M-girl's drama group. They have five performances, resulting in three days this week that are entirely taken up with drama, instead of school work.
My mom leaned over to whisper in my ear, "can you introduce me to this Joe guy? I want to know who's driving."
but our ancient stone monuments are lasting well over several centuries, if not much longer.
Babycham
Truman was open to information from many sources and was eager to make decisions. He was accessible and read documents avidly, but he focused on immediate decisions and their circumstances rather than trying to put together disparate information into a larger context. By temperament he was a judge rather than a chief of intelligence.
AFTERSCHOOL announces 4th Japanese single “Lady Luck/Dilly Dally” T-ara to hold free guerrilla concerts if they sell 500,000 copies of ‘Jewelry Box’ Shuukan Japan! Chapter 20 Watarirouka Hashiritai 7 holds a drawing competition at Crayon Shin-chan’s movie event More details + jacket covers of Arashi’s upcoming live DVD revealed! Ogura Yui’s 1st Solo Single Titled “Raise” Taetiseo releases “Twinkle” Akanishi Jin’s fan club officially dissolved
“Love Changes Everything”
1 locks
Both completely different.
I’m not entirely sure who this beer is aimed at. Without the ginger element, it would just be a standard stronger beer. But the ginger element is too restrained at this strength to appeal to the hardcore ginger lover. If you feel like getting gingered up at breakfast, I would suggest sticking to Marble’s superior weaker brew.
The Spanish chorizo rice was what Husband and I had for dinner, too. The Muffin chose this recipe from a selection of chorizo-based recipes I found on the internet. This recipe can be found here, and it was really yummy!
President Aquino will definitely ‘watch what happens’ tonight.
One team I’m disappointed with so far is the Kansas City Royals. I am very bromantic about guys like Billy Butler, Eric Hosmer and Luke Hochevar. I’m not too worried about the Royals climbing back into contention, but will it be too late?
That pre-dawn dream left a mark in his mind. Sitting by the haunted house and the old temple, he remembered the dream again. Those herd of wild elephant, that snowy peak beyond the wild — as if they were the beginning of some dream world. How many dreams did he have in his life? Did any make such a mark?
Him: I think it will run it’s course.
I also find one more aspect very odd about many of the celebrities. That if you correspond with famous people (not because you want to trespass/harass but only to share your opinion on certain issues and the celebrity in question need not be from ‘your set of favorites’), they will not respond; or if they do ‘oblige’, most of the time they will not address the person with his/her name. And if they do, they will not use the expression “dear” before the name. Now, prefixing “dear” is just a civilized way of writing/replying; no fool (recipient/fan) will ever believe that he/she has become a “dear” of the personality!
The perpetrators have not been arrested, and we are putting forth a reward for those who provide information leading to the arrest of the individuals that committed this senseless crime.”
The minor residents of the aforementioned House were located in their individual beds and were engaged in nocturnal hallucinations wherein various confectionery treats, including, but not limited to, candies, nuts, and/or sugar plums, did dance, cavort, and/or otherwise appear.
"It's ridiculous," he said.
You know there's this big trend right now toward sophisticated kids' rooms. Nurseries with chevron and designer prints, little girl rooms with glam mirrors, gilt cribs, etc. It's all in answer to the years of overly themed kiddie rooms. Kids' rooms these days don't have themes, and the overall aesthetic of the rest of the home is flowing over into the kid spaces more and more.
Thanks for reading my review. I hope this provides some information that is helpful to you.
on lips that kissed
Despite the month long cold/wet spell we had, my garden is providing surprisingly well for me. Yesterday I harvested 3 more quarts of snap peas, which I steam blanched and put in the freezer. I got several summer squashes as well. I decided to go ahead and pull up all the squash plants, as I was still fighting the gray mold issue, although the ones I harvested today were ok. After I pulled the squash vines, to my GREAT surprise, I pulled out a cucumber hiding in the back that is as big as my forearm! Holy Moly, where did that thing come from?! There are LOTS of other cucumbers as well which are looking healthy and delicious.
After the first sightings, and after tourists left clothing for the Mashco-Piro, state authorities issued a directive in August barring all boats from going ashore in the area. But enforcing it has been difficult as there are few trained and willing local officials.
We did a walk-
Normally, I have two other ladies that walk with me.
So, it was 3 pm ON THE DAY of the Gala (doors were supposed to open at 6:45) and I still had nothing.
I was inspired by Brian & Co's Beer Advent Calendar and decided I might do my own version of it only with a lot more drinking and a lot less writing. My version will consist of drinking a different bomber or 750ml out of my bar every day this month.
I can't breathe a word of this to Chris because my in-laws wanted to find out how the girls and I felt first, then they're going to tell him. I'm just so torn. A cruise sounds like such fun, but it's the timing of it that concerns me. Have any of you ever taken a major trip (cruise or otherwise) away from home during the Christmas holidays, besides the typical visit to see family? If you were me, how would you feel about all of this? Would love any insight you can give me! Decisions, decisions!
Lure of the Temptress
Fircroft College is running an ‘Understanding Budgets and Finance’ residential training course, tailored toward the voluntary sector, on Wednesday 2-Friday 4 May.
Avid reader Jackknife Rodriguez believes I am making too much out of this whole thing. His argument is that many of editions have specific covers, and I am just cherry-picking the most egregious examples. You can go click through the covers here, and decide for yourself.
I believe the same applies to almost every country now living under democratic constitutions, free speech and the rule of law.
Cartridges - Sweet Treats, Fabulous Finds
Their tentative dates maintain the steady pace from earlier. Asami conforms to Aoyama’s image of a perfect woman – almost too good to be true she falls into a submissive clingy role – all politeness, downcast eyes and fragile nature looking for a man to take care of her.
All of this means that taxpayers — your kids and grandkids included — will be on the hook for yet another of the Obama Democrats’ epic failures.
I told the girls I had seen some fun ideas on blogs and if they needed any ideas I would happily help them!
Like small fishes panting clank
What went through my head
I was appalled by the reaction of the AF Chief over the vote manipulation by the serviceman in the Malaysian Armed Forces (MAF). The Armed Forces chief had described those claiming that its rank-and-file had been involved in electoral fraud as an act of betrayal. To me, this is the face of a man who has shown nothing but disloyalty to King and the country.
I had a prize for the girl that came dressed in the most "P" items. I didn't know if the girls would really get in to that. But I LOVED when the girls showed up and were wearing so many layers they looked like the little boy in the movie Christmas Story. It was hilarious. There was everything from pink hair, to puffy parkas.
Rub your hands together
“He did an exceptional job getting the plane on to the ground,” Mr Maguire said.
Wonderful new furniture has hit the shop floors! And at fantastic prices!
The efficiency and friendliness of Cheltenham Literary Festival is legendary. A few weeks ago I went to the launch party in London, met lovely organisers Nicola Tuxworth and Jane Churchill--and was given a goodie bag containing, among other useful things such as a memory stick and throat pastilles, a whole big box of chocolate biscuits. What author wouldn't be well-disposed to a festival which provides much-needed chocolatey sustenance plus endless champagne before you even arrive? I got to the Writers' Room in good time--rather too good, as it was empty and echoey and much scarier than the Edinburgh yurt. But soon enough I was whisked away to be fitted with the sort of microphone worn by famous popstars--you know the kind--has a little flesh-coloured thingy beside your mouth (and, I now know, backwards NHS metal glasses fixtures to go over the ears). Then, to not-nearly but almost popstar applause, I was on. Once I'd worked out the vagaries of the clicky thing (always good for a bit of laughter when this goes wrong, which it invariably does) the hour passed in a flash, and then I was into a signing frenzy, with even a queue. I don't generally expect queues.
So if anyone ever utters that phrase – You just need to do more research – tell them this:
Now I will admit I am a little over exuberant about all this and it is mostly old new and what not but still I am posting it because it was amusing for me to fool around with. Anyway the next thing I whipped up was A weird arrow thing that I can't really remember what I did except that because of how I cycled through the tiles it ended up having artifacts and a big fondness for diagonally downwards arrows and the whole thing ended up being transformed into the current form.
My client has a real love for life. After just meeting with her, I could feel her energy and excitement for world travel, fun, and friends. With much thought, and trying to narrow down all of her favorite hobbies, we decided on the following design:
Leave one comment for each entry. Giveaway ends February 6, 2011 at 11:59PM EST. There will be one winner chosen for each prize. The winners will be selected by random.org and notified by email to the email address provided in the winning comments. The winners must respond within 48 hours of the notification email, or another winner will be chosen. See my Giveaway Rules page for further information. Disclosure: All prizes were provided by the sponsors, I received no compensation.
i am sometimes jealous of your gift of words, and sometimes relieved that i don't have it, you know?
by his stink
“Mea culpa Sandra! Was n’t being respectful 2 u re my tweets as I hope people wd b w me. Do n’t like well you being dissed – so sorry,” she wrote.
The branch threw up its twiggy fingers. “Oh, well, of course you did not have this in mind. After all, we are reasonably inconspicuous, especially to humans. How could you have this in mind? However, is it not superior of the One to think that this is what you would have chosen had you known about us? Anyway, ’tis irrevocable now. So, if you would just follow me, we shall get you signed in and enrolled for training.”
rebelled; I quit trying and told you
Make a statement by filling pretty bottles with your favorite Herbal Infused Waters... so chic!
I love the draft because most years, I leave with the feeling that my team is better as a result (history shows otherwise). I just don’t think it’s fair to judge how well a team drafted for at least three years. Let’s wait until the players actually put on pads and a helmet before we determine if they screwed up or not.
I guess that's just it. We try. You never know when something might actually work out. And we owe that effort to Kendall. It isn't my job to change the world's view on disabilities. I think I've been blessed with these experiences so that I can work with "extra special children" and understand their "extra special parent's" emotional roller coasters. So, I'll forgo my picket lines for now and continue the course I'm on. Good thing I passed that braille class with an A :) :) :)
Issa Remixed (2009)
Tonight's dinner is sponsored by (no, not sponsored, just wanted to sound like a voice-over for a commercial) or rather adapted from The New Doubleday Cookbook; authors, Jean Anderson and Elaine Hanna; publisher, Doubleday, a division of Random House; ISBN 0-385-19577-X.
...She has been coloured with Copic Markers, which I'm having a bit of a dabble with again & lovin' at the mo! She's also been highlighted with Crystal Glamour Dust which REALLY sparkles!!!...
Scratch that. It’s drink time.
I am allowed to choose my own working hours, and since I have no employees at home, to dress how I like when I am working 'at the office'. (This annoys lots of people, and seems to make them jealous.) Working in pyjamas, or in bed to keep warm (as I often do) is somehow seen as not proper work. Interestingly, my new accountant says that the bedroom is a valid working area for a writer. Bless her. The fact that I often work far longer hours than a person in a regular office seems not to count. But anyone self-employed who works at home can choose their own hours. A writer is no different from, say, a graphic designer or a computer game programmmer in that respect. Or, indeed, an architect, a potter, a sculptor, an artist, a researcher, a freelance anything - and a list of other 'work at homers' as long as your arm. Would you question whether those jobs were 'real'? No. Didn't think so.
Similarly, holiday fashion is when normal women start dressing in blingy metallics and frillery, the way I dress (often innapropriately) all year round. Holiday parties are for bling what Halloween is for slutty apparel - you can go all out and no one will judge. I chalk this up, by the way, to the common non-denomonational twinkliness of the holiday season:
"That his hat? It look like his hat," said Taylor's mother, looking at a dark navy Yankees cap on the ground next to the body, next to an overturned plastic cup placed over a recovered shell casing. Two of Taylor's brothers at the scene, both tall, well-built men, wore identical hats.
Halperin: the GOP want Winston Churchill
7. I have a doppelgänger. He started out as a joke, but then he became real. He has shown up to one work in one location while I was at another a few times, been spotted on the streets, even had lunch with my mom once. I don’t know where he is now, but he seems mostly harmless, not like the ones in the movies. Then again, maybe I am the doppelgänger?
8. Use several information sources, if your league is on ESPN, check out another site or two’s content (I guess you kind of are right now)
Fifth and finally, we return to the domestic level to assess whether several decades of discussion, negotiation, and litigation have resulted in significant reform and/or convergence of the two regulatory systems. We demonstrate that, despite some domestic changes on each side, the US and EU regulatory systems for agricultural biotechnology show few signs of real convergence toward a common regulatory model. There has, nonetheless, been some domestic change on both sides of the Atlantic, due at least in part to external pressures from international markets and international regimes. In the EU, the Commission and biotech companies have been somewhat empowered by international developments to resume approvals of new GM varieties after a long moratorium and to challenge member state bans against those already formally approved. On the US side, meanwhile, regulators have increased requirements for trials before the commercial release of many GM seeds so that these varieties, in fact, are treated distinctly from more conventional ones, despite official US proclamations to the contrary. Even in the absence of tightened regulation, moreover, US farmers have demonstrated a reluctance to adopt new GM foods and crops which they fear will be rejected in the EU and other large export markets. The overall picture, we argue, is one in which the two regulatory systems for GM foods and crops remain essentially polarized, but where key actors on both sides struggle to minimize the economic impacts and political tensions of persistent regulatory differences.
My parents were picking us up for dinner at 3:00.
Sir Colin Davis has a lengthy history with the work; he recorded it with the Staatskapelle Dresden – Weber’s own orchestra, of course, and Wagner’s too – twenty years ago, and these two performances have been recorded for release on LSO Live. This was not a reading of incendiary drama such as one hears on Carlos Kleiber’s legendary recording, also with the Dresden orchestra, but won over as one can hardly fail to be by that performance, it is easy to forget how unorthodox it is. Take, for instance, the waltz in the first act, preceding Max’s recitative and aria. Kleiber’s tempo is, on the face of it, bizarrely fast, though somehow it works. Furtwängler takes it far more slowly, as did Davis, though his reading sounded closer to the sound and at times implacability one might have expected from a Klemperer Freischütz. (Now there is a thought; he certainly conducted it in his youth; indeed he made his debut at the Prague Deutsches Landestheater with it, in 1907.) These were sturdier peasants; I can imagine some finding the results staid by comparison, but there was actually a subtler vigour at work.
Email (all my emails, all in one folder... gmail, mobileme, school email, etc.)
a few. My husband is one. He does more for others
Rough drafts of your research paper are due for peer editing.
Healing Rain.
My ripping is from IPS ver LP.
03 Thirty Years
A couple dropped their car off to a dealership for it’s regulated car service and went out shopping (insert three urban myths here during shopping experience) and afterwards returned to the dealership to be heeded by the receptionist that their car keys were locked in the car.
My point is, how do we know what each person’s individual circumstances are? How do we know how hard they had to work to even GET that 9-5 job that YOU despise? Gen Y is so keen on saying, “If you have dependents, then kudos for going conventional… BUT…” Does Gen Y even understand how many families are in this situation, where they have to prioritize family over their own goals? Does Gen Y even understand that for some individuals, to put their own goals ahead of caring for their aging parents would be considered unkind and even ruthlessly selfish?
Cry to you Lord.
The Master Ruler is not only perfect for learning measuring but also learning the very beginning of fractions and how one thing can be broken down into several equal parts. These rulers (we reviewed both the standard ruler as well as the metric ruler) are actually several rulers in one. The standard ruler is like having five rulers in one: one to measure whole inches, one for halves, one for fourths, one for eighths, and one for sixteenths. The metric ruler is broken down into three rulers in one: one for decimeters, one for centimeters, and one for millimeters.
The project started life as a single piece of flash fiction (King Canute) focused on a fairly simple premise — an impending murder victim would be shown a video of the death of the previous victim and also get a sense of the movie in which he or she was about to star. As I drafted the story, I sensed that there was potential for a series of interlinked flash fiction stories. And so I've drafted another eleven stories (five of which have been recently published on flash fiction sites).
*) Sell land at discount prices for building mosques or other Islamic institutions (Dudley!!).
Say sorry and just... be his.
So lets kick things off with one of my greatest adversaries to date, The Robot with 50 Fingers. I’ll post the info later… but right now it’s time for some music. Are you sitting comfortably children?
Taste – 3/5
In the end this experience was like no other. Words can not describe the feelings I had during those 3 days on my feet from 6am to 6pm.
“The miracle isn’t that I finished. The miracle is that I had the courage to start.” -John Bingham
Finals are over, and I'm officially NOT a 2L any longer.
I want to make a word book using Austin's name but knew for this I wanted to fill it with 4 x 6 photos. So I decided to try this style of word book instead.
The soil solution
Dr. Ruth
cause obviously I’m not religious or believing in god.
Top left: Phony arguments. Manufactured controversies. Sideshows.
Meanwhile, is it necessary to know that On The Waterfront is Kazan's rationalization for personally cooperating with HUAC in order to fully appreciate that film? I am sincerely asking this question. I suppose any answer would ultimately boil down to a definition of "appreciate" in this context.
In February, I was blogging about my 90 Day Experiment, in which I set a goal, and used it to learn more about myself. The result was that I knew I had to create a new website to reach more people.
5. Be a better person today than I was yesterday.
Overnight, this unknown country folk singer, her hair piled up like a downhome Priscilla Presley, had crossed the tracks just like namesake Ruby. True to the movie script, she had also begun an affair with Kelly Gordon, who left his wife and kids for his protogee. The two quickly amassed tracks for an album named after the hit, all original material. It hardly sounds thrown together. Mississippee Delta, the rejected A-side, is gritty, and would give Tony Joe White a run for his money in the southern stew stakes; Sunday Best and Papa Won'tcha Let Me Go To Town were sepia prints of a south that probably didn't exist by 1967 but surely did in Bobbie's childhood. The follow up to Ode was ill advised, though - I Saw An Angel Die was kaleidoscopic, vague, and quite beautiful, but it was way too unstructured for radio and bombed completely.
I got a few other things while I was there. A gallon of raw milk for one thing. I *love* having real milk to use. I got about 2/3 of a pint of cream off of it.
was in Salisbury but some of his messengers were killed. All the European miners and farmers left the mines and farms and went to Salisbury.
Yes, sodomy (buttsecks for you middle-schoolers out there) was invented in the Bible. Or at least it turned into some taboo because other people didn't want their town destroyed because it was 'that time of the month' for their wives and they still wanted to get some so they stuck it in the back door. No biggie. Leave it to the Bible to ruin modern man's fun.
But, with any luck we’d make it outta Dodge before the skinhead Bat Signal went out.
Are you upset with someone or some circumstance a lot of the time? If so, you may well be an irritable person. If you are frequently upset with another person (or persons), you may need to learn to overlook their unintentional actions...if love covers a multitude of sins, how much more should it cover a multitude of acts that irritate us.
I bought Jay's kids a non-fiction book in the gift shop, and called it done.
Trembling and shocked he collapsed on the sofa, his body hot as burning coal.
I firmly believe that anyone who thinks they should have a say - or that there should be legislation defining - what makes a family needs to read this book. Because Miller is honest and moving and most definitely a mother. And I say this as a straight, monogamous mother.
Roger Stevens
Roadracers is a lot of 50's fun, and remarkably polished, considering Rodriguez' inexperience at the time. Many of the trademarks and stylistic flourishes of his later films are in evidence, and he handles the cast as smoothly as the action. At the time, he was prepping Desperado for Columbia Pictures, and was having a hard time convincing the studio suits to go along with his choice of Mexican actress Salma Hayek for the female lead. To help persuade them, he cast her in Roadracers - and she steals the show with her screen presence and charm. (Not to mention her smoldering beauty.)
This gave us a day to catch up on the time difference before we headed out on our adventure on Saturday morning.
Tonight, at Hustler Club in North Beach. No police, FBI, or my daughter, or I disappear into the night. Comprende?
Things got serious for GSoC 2012. Deadline was near, and I was yet to decide a good project idea. I took help from few seniors, few friends. mentors, and my brother Raj Rambhia. Ankit Dafatry, one of my brother’s juniors in college, and a GSoCer, helped me a lot. Niraj Sanghavi and Dhiral Chheda, two of my brother’s friends, who are doing research in the field of Computer Vision, gave me great feedbacks. Varad Gunjal, Abhinav Gupta, Priyans Murarka helped me decide project idea, gave me proper advice, helped me make my GSoC proposal.
Enjoy your weekend, that Spring sun and don't forget the clocks change Saturday night. (Boo - less shut-eye on Sunday morning!) Adios!
Where was I? Oh yes, my phone. I take a look. It’s a text asking if I want to go out tonight. It would be tempting, I reply, but I have other plans. I snort a giggle to myself and press send.
12562 SW Main St
YOU MUST REGISTER BEFORE THE BATTLE via email:
Consensus, as Mead points out, not only forms the basis of human society, it
Anyone?
LoadedWordPress is designed with social media marketing, internet marketing, blogging, search engine optimization and wordpress in mind. It offers a quick and easy setup wizard which will walk you through all the important elements of you new site. Choose from their pre-defined layouts, pre-configured themes. Plus pre-configured "Widgets" that includes content blocks, images, social network icons/links, recent posts, popular pages, photo gallery, RSS feed content, twitter/facebook feed, tag cloud, contact form, newsletter, additional menus, polls, links, or anything else you may want on your website.
Sorry, I just can't help myself...
I sent the vlog to Lori and asked if I might post my reading of Dream Five here and she said yes. First I will post the written version below.
i worked my tail off in the sweatshop whenever i wasn't busy being super mom:
~ sultry summer eyes ~
We appreciate your interest in Cricket Books, Ms. Grosser, and hope you will be successful in placing Trees in the Pavement for publication.
“This Lord Harrington – have you met him?”
well, i had hoped not to go into too much of a tangent about my own sadness, because i really just wanted to spread the word about this recently launched site, as i really believe in it. i believe in it because i believe in the power of photography in two ways. first, i believe it is a source of joy for those who are behind the camera. i've read many accounts of photographers who found comfort and purpose in picking up a camera and using it creatively or as an outlet... not just for creativity, but for expressing feelings of sadness or happiness or anything at all. this is my story, too.
Sweet Love is not bound to be a heavy track. In fact, we are back to how Prayer opened: melodic and mellow. The guitartist is good, especially during the softer slower parts where any error he makes will be plainly audible. But musically this is not my style. I am hoping for something a bit more proggy. A Tear Of Sphinx might be just that. At least, I have no reason to believe by the title that this is going to be a similar affair. There is an air of Middle Eastern mystery that pervades. Later the guitar cries out, but the music is again a bit too accessible for my tastes. There is a sense of urgency in the playing tho.
This past year has been a difficult one for me. Gary being gone 3 (or more) days at a time, week after week for 10 months, has provided ample opportunities for personal growth. That's a good thing, but it didn't always feel good in each moment. There were moments when staying right here felt almost impossible. Gradually, the moments, hours and days have gotten better. I owe much of that the amazing community of friends in my life. People both here in my daily life, and those I only see online, who gave me space, emotional support, and sometimes a kick in the pants (Diana was even kind enough to deliver her kick with a hug).
He lodged a complaint with Kasrils.
An article in Talking Retail yesterday, detailing how the former head of the UK Patent Office’s designs and trade marks division condemns plain packaging (definitely worth a read), contained a rather interesting quote from EU Health Commissioner, John Dalli.
Q. Describe your job. What does a communications associate do at The New York Times Company?
Hi everyone who is still linked up to the old site here. I have updated the new site with a couple of new posts and was hoping you would check them out: www.seeminglygreek.com
Hold up.
i believe that anything is possible
Are thought of and lifted up every day.
210Each pray'r accepted, and each wish resign'd;
As Months went on I started liking her more and more than I got side tracked by an almost 2 year divorce (I spent the first year out of the 2 saving money) a private investigator had to be hired to track down my wife… God, was working in my life again I just didn’t notice, The lawyer was kind enough to take on my case for free and hired the investigator because he knew I was just getting back up on my feet with my new job…
Today is Tuesday. We will get to go to the computer lab today. Do you like working on a computer? Why? I love computers!
Run by the Ganachaud family - who have baking in their blood - and purveyor of one of the most famous baguette in all of Paris, "la flute Gana", the store opened to neighbourhood fanfare and queues down the street.
There is plenty of evidence to suggest that this sort of education, especially for girls, was very common at that time. As for the ordinary working class child; home education was almost universal.
Cook in crockpot, or on stove until hot (about 30 minutes after boiling).
Marn asked the party to turn over the small orb in the black iron box that the Shadow Thieves had ordered them to take into Waterdeep. The apprentice assured them it would be in good hands, as would the party (who expressed concerned at the threat of the Shadow Thieves making a move against them, or even worse killing their friend Keseim). The group was also introduced to an elven wizard named Celcifer (the character of our newest player, Mark) and told that the elf was assigned to accompany them about the city, to help keep them safe.
Egyptian Expert on Islamic Law Malika Zarrar Blasts Fatwas Permitting “Shameful” Sexual Practices
I certainly act like an asshole sometimes. A lot of the time even. But I tend to think it’s funny. I don’t think hurting other people is funny, but the embarrassment I feel afterwards is funny. Realizing that I’ve been an asshole, and looking back on it and trying to make some kind of amends for it, I think it’s funny in an, oh my goodness I can’t believe I did that kind of way. It’s like how you feel when you look back at your hairstyle in the 8Os. Or the loser you dated who you thought was just so damn cool. I love to see the pictures of people in the 8Os with their bad hair and their weird lovers. Those things are funny, and I think it’s funny when I have similar things to laugh at in my own life.
“Er, Oh there... just meeting a friend.”
The studio photos of the car in side profile show off the amount of rake the car is designed to run. This is also a carry over from 2011, as the car could often be seen with a clear 10cm of ride height at the rear axle line. Although managing rake will be harder this year as the greater rear height introduces more leakage into the diffuser from the sides. As yet the teams solution to seal the diffuser are hidden by a simple floor fitted to the launch, although these are removable panels and more complex designs will soon be seen.
11:30 banana
I went ahead and put it all in my car, so it won't sit in my bedroom floor.
I don't have some great insight into any of this. However, I love reading this story and thinking about all that was going on in Israel (no one had heard God's voice for many years), in Eli's life (his troublesome sons and his care for this boy Samuel), or especially in Samuel's life. I encourage you to read through the story several times and really allow the Holy Spirit to stir your imagination to hear the sounds, see the images, and feel the emotions of this event. As you re-live this small moment in history, may you encounter a new voice. And when you hear it, may you respond with "Speak Lord, your child is listening."
Genre: Inspirational/Amish Romance
This is by no means an exhaustive list, and may not even include the best stuff out there on the subject, but it is what I have watched so far. Please tell me about any that you highly suggest. (Or don’t suggest, because I”ll watch those too!) I plan to keep on watching, and maybe share again later in the year about what I’ve gotten through. There are a large number of reasons why you might choose to think about your food, and the best thing you can do to inspire you toward that is to educate yourself.
Not so.
I will probably fall asleep alone
I’m home alone, too. I think my mom left to take pictures, or something. Dad’s at work and my sisters are still at school.
You’re not alone in being skeptical about the potential effect of social media on your business. But more and more businesses of all sizes are starting to embrace it.
Bitter heart, bitter heart tries to keep it all inside
In my experience, the answer to such a query is too often a flat no—you handle it, honey. And so she will, making those tough choices day after day, doing the best she can.
Movement: Again-occasional flutters..not consistent.
TV series: The Andy Griffith Show (the Barney years were 1960-64)
Notice to ULB: next time you want to discuss the “extreme right,” invite a representative of its mildest strain, Ann Coulter.
Average words per sentence : 18.4
12:00 - you pay, you leave 1€ tip, and petulantly mumble something under your breath much to the delight of the waiter.
The Best Things About Kindle
I think my online brand is fairly consistent with offline which is a good thing to my way of thinking. I probably should have a personal blog rather than the confusion of this group blog but I like it here.
I was shocked but later realized I’d been the stunned one not to take notice that Spart had given plenty of warning and I knew just how hard Andrew could squeeze when he gave me hugs, so my poor little dog who weighs only about 14 pounds had had enough. Poor Andrew was startled and not only did he have CP but he was also extremely diabetic. Next thing you know, Andrew was in quite a state sweating profusely and when they tested his blood, it was right off the scale!
Now Elise begins to question everything about her life. Why do these guys both want her so desperately? What are the Shadows? Why does the name
08-31 Gothenberg, Sweden – Tradgardsforeningen
And boy, have I been eating a LOT.
Twitter is social, and operated by a Company not the Government (the originator of Public in the UK political system) and is not publically funded (again – Private Corp, no public money).
After a couple of years of listening to it, I’ve gradually become interested in the chorus:
They might further argue that a civilized and non-violent person such as myself could be unfairly interned. I would argue that there is a much higher chance of me being the victim of violence (actually I already have) than there would be of me being the victim of unfair internment. I would happily take my chances in this rebalanced game.
I have owned this Kitchen Aid Stand Mixer for ten years, and I love it. When my bread machine broke, I never replaced it. I don't feel that I need a bread machine anymore. You can always mix dough by hand, if you don't mind the elbow grease. I suppose you could have you bread mixer knead the dough, but you still need to shame them. For practical purposes, I hope everyone owns a stand mixer. I used the dough hook, on low, to combine the ingredients-- then up a notch in speed for seven minutes. How easy is that? Now, it's time to allow the dough to do it's first rise...
Ah, yes…and if you say it with an Irish lilt, well…
So Andrew left, to take TEX, I had to evacuate with the people.......no worries there was no fire! SO we went back in, i finished signing papers, and got to leave in time to pick up andrew and tex and go to the vet!
I knew twinkle lights would be an essential ingredient to a charming outdoor wedding, and I thought John and Sherry of Young House Love executed the look flawlessly, creating a starry canopy over the tables at their backyard wedding.
Some will remember the actress Sue Nicholls as either Miss Joan Greengross, Reginald Perrin’s secretary and fantasy lover, or as Nadia Popov in the excellent Rentaghost. However, all Corrie fans will know that she plays Audrey Roberts, who is currently in a battle with her grandson David Platt (Jack Shepherd) over ownership of a hair salon at No 2, Coronation Street.
Note the highly successful chihuahua brooder in the exact same bedroom. Pudgy little spoiled so and so.
When you get jealous
We had music, too. Some boys from the village, who practice on various instruments in their spare moments, were the performers. Ah, how they yelled, those flutes and pipes, and how the fiddle bows danced and chirped! I do not doubt the music was very good, but Heaven has not seen fit to give me the right kind of ears...
Anyway, I had juuuust enough left.
How Much Do You Want What You Want?”
'I was appalled by the killing of Osama bin Laden': British far-Leftist says terror leader should never have been shot
So, I got my lashes done and even got fit in for an eyebrow wax right after. Colored my own roots tonight. Got an outfit consult from Neighbor Nurse, who was adamant I wear a dress. She went right to a recent purchase on my dress rack, a black dress with little silver metal accents. It's rayon, with a drawstring waist. It does make me look like I have something of a waist. We picked shoes and jewelry. But the shoes were spike heel sandals and I was hesitant.
Altered histories are all around us, embedded in our lives to such an extent that it becomes difficult to imagine, for we indeed have to “imagine,” what reality is, what the truth or the real “news” of human action actually looks like. This is most apparent in the world of words, where the writer takes life in and presents it the best they can but always through the filter of their own humanity. But as so many theorists have been quick to point out over and over again, it is the domain of the modified image that contains the most power to alter history and compel a certain beliefs about its factual evidence.
Today I picked my boy up from school and did NOT take a nap and instead took him to the supermarket and the playground. I bought my grrl a phone charger, even though she hates me again.
Smith-Corona Silent-Super. Serial 5T 459437X. This machine dates by its serial number to 1957, and is finished in Desert Sand color. Note the white keytops - white appeared sometime after the introduction of the Super 5 as a keytop color. But look closely at these keytops; they still have the "T" cross section of the early Super 5 style keytops. Note also that the logo is plastic, with an underline. You can find Silent-Supers in very many colors out there if you look hard enough. Certain colors were fitted with the original green keytops, while others got these white ones. Later on, only white ones were used. I don't have a hard date on that, yet.
4. I'm Loving, that the AC seems to be working now after a scare yesterday. With it being in the 90s and 100s outside, the last thing I needed was the air conditioner to go out.
Jin Oh’s at the jewelers looking for an engagement ring. The jeweler takes out one that’s very popular these days. The cost of the ring is the same as the one he bought for Mi Roo. He doesn’t want it and asks her for one that’s more expensive.
The challenge is to color dark skin! PHEW!! You wouldn't believe how hard it was finding a image to color with a dark skin!!! After much deliberation I decided on Dante's Drum by Mo Manning. I simply love her images and its never hard to find something cute there! My only problem was finding something that I would use again. Okay, so without to much further babbling.................
It's because I think of St. Patrick's Day as being New York's first day of spring. To say that spring has already started with St. Patrick’s Day is not a reference to global warming nor spring arriving earlier especially given the particularly warm winter we've had this year that seems to evidence a warming trend. I know that officially spring will arrive only with the equinox which comes this year at 1:14 AM (EDT) on March 20. That’s admittedly a few days off.
I’m very excited about joining efforts with Living Spaces, and getting to know the community a bit more.
Kerbs: Smooth to Medium
Overall the addition of BF3 rented servers to consoles is a good thing. For one, it’s now easy for anyone to learn how to fly a chopper or plane and boost your unlocks with a couple of friends (because EA is charging people to unlock items that have an affect on gameplay, I no longer find boosting objectionable, nor do I consider it cheating.) And having the ability to set the rules for you and your pals is worth its weight in gold. But the implementation has come with some undesirable and pesky side effects.
First of all, the Nut's Brown Porter is meant to be a special treat, coming in at 1,000 yen instead of the usual 900 yen for Ise Kadoya 500ml bottles. That extra 100 yen, perhaps, goes toward the packaging, which makes the beer a ready-made gift for beer-loving man-friends.
My eye is kinda small and have no double eyelid.
What magic spell do you wish you could cast?
A percentage of the profits from the sale of this book will be donated to UNICEF.
By Jessica Lewis
What a waste of space an money. They might as well pack up their bags and go home.
What do you do with your kids' collections?
Commerce without morality,
It was landmark day for us, too, because it was the first time in all these years that my husband was able to be at the party!
Unfortunately, the article left many unanswered questions. How did MacBain make the transition from conservative Southern Baptist to mainline United Methodist? What kind of minister she is in the United Methodist church (this is important because it would reveal how much formal training she does or does not have)? Why did she not utilize any of the resources available to United Methodist Ministers (counseling, mentoring, spiritual direction, etc…)?
I was hoping it would get a second season and, now that we'd been introduced to the show's universe, things would kick into high gear and the second season would see a large improvement. Alas, it's not to be. Now we'll never how things would have played out.
1) No surprise. This sort of thing is inevitable with the current crop of untrustworthy politicians.
I’ve teamed it with a cream Topshop knit, gold necklace and black pumps, maybe a little out there for the library, but I wanted to get a feel for what I can and can’t get away with as it’s such a lively print!
At the Presentation at the Temple of Jerusalem when Mary and Joseph brought their first born son to be redeemed, they did not bring a lamb and a turtledove for sacrifice but the poor person`s option: a pair of turtledoves, or two young pigeons (See: Luke 2:22-40 and Leviticus 12)
and I fear losing our then amongst
The last part of Philippians 3:3; says, “And rejoice in Christ Jesus, and have no confidence in the flesh.” “The flesh” refers to body and soul. Those of us who are born again by the Spirit of God have a third part–spirit. the spirit should be the foremost interest in our total being.
Expert 3
The other day, Yale economics professor Robert Shiller told CNBC that the globe is already in a state of “late Great Depression“. The United States is heading into unprecedented economic and financial problems and we desperately need to pull together as a country and solve these problems.
The idea for this poem came from reading an article about depression which talked about it being rooted in self-centredness. As soon as I read that I got an image of the centre of a person as a place that one could travel to and the rest came naturally. I was reminded of the tabernacle that the Israelites used to carry around with them – literally a tent, a portable temple, that they lugged with them. Later the apostle Paul said, “Do you not know that your body is a temple…?” and so the idea of a location within the individual where atonement could take place was born.
Recently I have been reposting some blogs from my archive and this has thrown up another problem. Checking URLs in old text on my phone is a such a rigmarole that I have neglected to do it. I recently posted an old blog, but now having access to the internet on my PC I tried some of the old shortened URLs and discovered that they have been hijacked by porn sites. Time to go back and do someting about them.
later, he became very sick and the doctors diagnosed the problem to be cancer.
She was confused as to why he would do this to her but didn’t regret meeting him because they shared the best 3 months of her life. Emily then found herself vulnerable and allowed anyone to be an eligible boyfriend, in search for that fulfillment of emptiness. She never let them stick around long enough though…
We need to be like Mary of Bethany (and Magdala) who, realizing the magnificence of Jesus’ forgiveness, “… took a pound of costly perfume made of pure nard, anointed Jesus’ feet, and wiped them with her hair. The house was filled with the fragrance of the perfume.” (Jn 12:3). We need to magnify the Glory of God for His extravagant Mercy and Forgiveness provided through the Blood of His Son on the Cross of calvary. And, we must glorify Jesus for giving totally of Himself in Love, subservient to the Father’s will so that The Love of the Father might be manifested for the entire universe to see.
Wow, perfect! Now, eventually those evil rich people might start investing more of their money back into munis, years down the road, as they come to terms with the new rates. In the meantime, they’d bail, meaning less money for those same projects. Unless Obama plans on having the federal government take over the state and local governments and paying for it all at the federal level (?).
“Because so many services have been cut already sometimes to see your community health worker you have to take three buses.
First, relator contends that asserting in the complaint that BP is a “sophisticated company and has experience applying for, obtaining, and litigating patents” is enough under Rule 9(b). This court disagrees. That bare assertion provides no more of a basis to reasonably distinguish a viable complaint than merely asserting the defendant should have known the patent expired. Conclusory allegations such as this are not entitled to an assumption of truth at any stage in litigation.
And it's hard.
Each year, I experience the same thing.
DAP adviser Lim Kit Siang, who was one of the leaders who spoke at the Kelana Jaya Stadium Sunday, said they were still “sad and angry” over the incident that had shocked the nation.
I know you're fudging the numbers.
Anwaar: Thank you, Maisa.
5. Because Sam doesn't take as many medications anymore, his bed area doesn't look quite so much like the Starship Enterprise...perhaps more like the dashboard of a single engine jet.
But the only thing we have tied to our roof on the way home may be a sled to use in Prospect Park. Just ready to scream and yell "without" our orange hats, when this snowy Catskill winter finally reaches the streets of Kensington Brooklyn.
This is another poem about lust which read really well in Dutch. An English version would probably be structured differently but I hope that my translation gives a flavour of why I like its rhythm.
My 30s were difficult, but thrilling. I survived a nasty divorce, saw my children go from preschoolers to teenagers, rebuilt my business then gave it all up to go back to university. Nine years later, I am working my dream job: being a mom to three incredible young men and teaching music. In the last decade, I’ve focused on getting my life in order. Unfortunately, I’ve neglected my health.
So, without further ado....
I’ve only had two long-term dog companions in my life. The first, Jessie the Sheltie (Shetland Sheepdog), was a constant partner in my life from age 6 to my late teens. That’s Jessie and me in the top photo, in 1976. My love of walking in the woods was born with Jessie by my side in the deep dark wooded conservation lands along the Capilano River between West and North Vancouver. She was a tireless walker, in spite of her short legs, very intelligent and very obedient.
same way I can be with my child- compassionately and lovingly.
1) Bring a large pot of generously salted water to a boil over high heat.Boil florets until they’re tender (pierce with a paring knife or taste a piece) but still offer a bit of resistance, about 3 minutes. Drain broccoli, spread on a baking sheet in an even layer, and set aside to cool—it will continue to cook as it cools.
This month we have 17 backgrounders, 3 ATC Sets, 2 individual Rummage Bin Stamps and 3 Rummage Bin Stamp sets being released.
One year I gave up pop and ended up not drinking it for an entire year. The hardest thing I ever did was give up caffeine. I had a headache for the first two weeks but managed to pull through! This year I got my idea from Daisi. Her mom has done this for the past few years and I think it's a wonderful idea! For every $dollar I spend on eating out during Lent, I will donate a $dollar to the food bank. This will be any meal I eat by myself and all meals with AB. I'm guessing I will be shocked by the amount I end up donating considering I eat out almost everyday for lunch and usually a couple of times on the weekend. It's something I take for granted and this will definitely be a humbling experience given there are so many people out there who cannot afford the luxury of ever eating out! I'm very excited that my commitment will be helping the food bank! Unfortunately they have been hit by the economy, with more people in need of food and less people able to make donations. AB and I volunteered there back in December and it was an awesome experience! If you haven't ever done it - you should! If you have kids, it would be a great family activity :)
Spend five minutes packing up.
I will continue to feel restless and unsatisfied.
We headed directly up to Sturgeon Bay, Wisconsin and thanks to Bill and Kathryn - Evan's friends from college - we had a picture perfect visit at their lake house. They are the best hosts, the boat rides were glorious, the hikes were cool and the meals were relaxing. Almost felt like a vacation, despite the fact that we were all constantly chasing the almost 4 yr olds.
Third, we must act quickly to teach Christians the truth about marriage and God’s plan for sexuality in all its fullness and beauty. We must develop pastoral approaches that are faithful to Scripture and arm this generation of believers to withstand the cultural pressure and respond in ways that are truly Christian.
Sarah Rusche, a Ph.D. candidate in sociology at North Carolina State, called it a situation of “dining while black.” “‘Tableside racism’ is yet another example in which African-Americans are stereotyped and subsequently treated poorly in everyday situations,” said Rusche. “Race continues to be a significant barrier to equal treatment in restaurants and other areas of social life.”
I really liked the Cricut Cartridge Chaos Challenge #7. The challenges make me look at all the cartridges and see more possibilities. I really liked the hi-top shoes and just had to use them. I kept thinking about the pair I had way back when and how cool I felt with them. Of course the peanut gallery made the comment that "Mom was never that cool."
Click on the image to listen:
1. In a small bowl, mix the water, condensed milk and pudding. Set in the refrigerator and let set for at least 4 hours.
After telling her she could use the face cleanser that was on the vanity in my bathroom, she brought it to me pointing out it was anti-aging cream. I told her it was still okay to use. Her response was, "But I don't want to look nine years old!"
Talking of writing... I've got a new book out this year. Hurrah! It's called Sweet Temptation, and is all about the best things in life: love, friendship and cake. I was just about to post an image of the cover but don't seem to have one saved to my computer. Tell you what, here's the Amazon link so you can have a look. What do you think?
25 - collins kids - whistle bait
I'm after advice from the organised among you.
I actually bought the fabric last April with plans to reupholster the green chair (which, man, I've almost had that thing for a year now). But it didn't have the right weight for upholstery. I still loved it, and knew it would be perfect for the drapes. It's a gray and white linen stripe, almost exactly the same shade as the wall color. We actually chose the wall color based on the fabric. They really look great, and I can't wait to see them up. I'll just have to hang them and hem the bottoms to finish up.
It’s your job to Love your child, and to Learn from your child. It’s your job to go into each day with an open mind and heart, trusting in the fact that you may not know where the day will end up, but that you began it from that magnificent place that is a child’s curiosity.
I know people who always feel terrible after they give a talk, even if the talk was great (in my opinion). For some, the experience is such an anxious one, that is is difficult to enjoy the experience of giving a talk, even if the talk is interesting and presented well. I hope that for most people, this anxiety fades with time and experience giving talks.
Preheat oven to 450 F. Toss cubed sweet potatoes with olive oil, salt + cumin and spread on foil-lined baking sheet. Roast for 20 minutes, flip/toss with metal spatula, and roast 10-15 minutes more, until tender and edges begin to brown. Add warm potatoes to a bowl with beans, onion, and chopped cilantro. Toss with zesty lime dressing (below) and top with toasted pumpkin seeds (toast in a dry skillet for 3-5 minutes) and salty cheese like feta or cotija if desired.
2- if you want to make it in large quantity then keep refrigerated after few days.but I prefer to make in small batches as it taste best when fresh and crisp.
Perhaps now is a good time to invest in Puerto Rico.
- john fleming east belfast
Well, it has now been 19 months since we held Jacob in our arms. It's still hard to understand/believe that it has been so long, but the pain isn't as overwhelming and consuming. He is still missing from our everyday lives and family get togethers, but I know that my family remembers him too and that means a lot.
The idea that avoiding points of disagreement creates a stronger epistemology is based on a strictly conformist logic – that widespread agreement within a group means ‘truth’ is known and shared. The fallacy of this idea is obvious – those who believe they have figured out the truth are not expressing reflexive critical sense. Epistemological homogeneity is a widespread mainstream recipe (some may say, a ‘technique’) for brainwashing people into passive sameness. One of the most insidious and hidden uses of manufacturing linguistic ‘understandings’ is population control masked through the logic of language. This comes about through statistics and the incorporation of statistical categories as an inextricable element of identity. However, this is a matter for another time.
Other MassChallenge startups include HerCampus Media (an online magazine for college women), Cocomama Foods (an all-natural and gluten-free food startup), PK Clean (a clean energy company that turns landfilled plastic into oil) and Artvenue (a site that connects artists with local businesses that’ll showcase their work).
It's likely that there was an original tiler and now there are some copycats, but no one has ever come forward or been caught.
My friends know I am not a "white space" person, so this is the nearest I will probably get to a "clean and simple" card. I must admit I enjoyed making it but am a bit disappointed that it did not photograph well. I gave up after trying three times.
I will focus on the beautiful, wonderful, meaningful possibilities. Because I realize that the only thing that really holds you back is your belief that you cannot move forward. Once you’ve let that go, you free yourself to soar.
The judgments (and my blog post) occasioned quite a bit of discussion, and in May or June 2008, in time-honored dodgy-publisher style, Daly changed Light Sword Publishing's name to LSP Digital. It doesn't seem to have helped. December 2008, Linda Daly and Light Sword Publishing filed Chapter 7 bankruptcy petitions with the US Bankruptcy Court in the Eastern District of Michigan. By March 2010, the bankruptcy trustee had decided to abandon assets and close the file; and in June 2010, Daly was granted a discharge.
After some initial setbacks, week 2 has been a successful week for fulfilling my personal sustainability promise. During the early stages of week 1, I found no real issues in avoiding unnecessary toilet flushing. However, when living with 5 roommates, occasionally one will venture to the restroom, notice the toilet hasn’t been flushed, and flush it out of habit. This was essentially erasing my efforts to reduce water consumption via toilet flushing. After talking with each roommate though, we are now on the same page about responsible consumption. As an added bonus, they have all decided to match my PSP and are now doing their part in letting the yellow mellow. Inspired by a comment on my original blog post, I have decided to tweak the two house toilets to accommodate my PSP. The toilet’s float ball is attached to a long metal arm. By bending the metal arm so that it sits lower in the water, water flow is shut off sooner and less water is consumed. As for the issue of smell, I haven’t noticed anything that screams vulgar or unsanitary, although as of late, I am more careful to avoid asparagus in my diet.
The New York Times: Claiming Butt Thex Is Enlightened Conduct Since 1998.
And the problem, for the dwellers in that world, is that that world is very, very small.
Canadian author and researcher “Changing the World One Bite at a Time”
Let your daughter step into the shoes of Spy Kid Rebecca and have a grand adventure outdoors! Get a similar look with a pretty and gorgeous hairstyle by using Hair Clippy’s Clipettes Dots.
Jerry Don Gleaton
Marinated artichoke hearts and fire roasted red peppers
Challenges to enter:
I then find out that somehow we owe the dentist because it would seem that we had more than 2 cleanings this year..um what? It appears that we were like a day or two early and now I owe about $400. SUPER. Let me pull that out of thin air...
But I live by the sea and it is just ever so slightly colder and damper down here by the water. The sunshine has gotten brighter and almost blinds me as I sit on the deck with the white painted boards framing blue and grey houses across the street that bring the word “clapboard” to mind for some reason. But I can’t stay out there for long because it is deceptively chilly. The sea won’t let me forget that it carries the memory of whales in it and just down the street is that splendor of deepness, beautiful and cold.
The title story was equally beguiling for its simplicity and compression. In a few pages the writer crafted the personal sensibility of an irritable and snobbish middle class train passenger.
KRYLON CREATES CLEAR CHOICE ART SCHOLARSHIPS
ODI LOSTcast 64 - Episode 6x12 Everybody Loves Hugo Recap
Do not submit PDF files using Grayscale text. Grayscale text may not be rendered properly during the PDF to TIFF conversion process. This may result in loss of content.
Therapist: Yes. Justifiably so. You have lots of choices. Just keep that in mind. Try to have that fear inform you when caution is needed, but not freeze you. You are the wisest about your situation. You are also good about gathering information to help you decide. You are scared yes. You are also strong and wise. I don’t want that fear to paralyze you and put you in danger….
Seeing as we are unarmed, what other options do we have available to us, what else could we employ as tools to defend ourselves? These are things the idealistic political animals have not even considered yet and they also do not have the skills to do so, so we are on our own and we better get down to doing it ourselves.
“He is one of the very few scholars now alive who have, in effect, invented a field of study. That field, the burgeoning one of late antique studies, has since become an expanding galaxy of scholarship in history, religion, literature and much more for which Brown’s work provided the initiating Big Bang.” This quote from the introductory remarks to his 2003 Haskins Lecture “A Life of Learning” shows his influence on modern scholarship.
(9) Does “lawful use” (see Article 5(1) of Directive 2001/29) include any form of use which does not require the rightholder’s consent?
Contending and fighting for wealth is part of the capitalist game. Economic Darwinism, those who can’t play are cast outside the system. Self-support is the self-directive principle which stabilizes cooperation and self-direction.
Pina Coladas, no. Getting caught in the rain, definitely. There's something liberating about dancing amidst the raindrops, catching the drops on your tongue and just being free. I do the same thing in a snow storm.
"Americans, who cannot understand or even communicate with peasantry, are growing lonelier in a world where the great majority of men are peasants."
Hi, i havn't been blogging for a while because i've been poorly but today i felt better and decided to make a card for jens digi stamps challenge for kids. Jen gives you an image for the challenge for you to colour in and make it into something. First i coloured the image and stuck it on to a piece of black card and stuck some gems on the corners. Then i printed some pumpkin background paper and stuck that on to some black card then i stuck it all together and this is what it looks like. Now i'm gonna go visiting everybodys blog that left me such nice comments.
I’m an 18 year old in high school. About a year ago i played my first live game with some kids from school who all were obsessed with poker. I was the biggest fish ever who ran insanely hot and of course got hooked.
The SLF is here for exactly this reason…. if you have a problem with your vendor, who do you go to? The boss, well with me, that’s ME. But because I’m an SLF member, you now have over 40 other members dedicated to your satisfaction and to stand behind my product. And as a member, I’m standing behind the work of every other member … which we do not do lightly because if they screw up, it’s on us as well.
Jay M Pasachoff, an astronomer at Williams College, Massachusetts, expects the transit to confirm his team’s theory about the phenomenon called “the black-drop effect”, a strange, dark band linking Venus’s silhouette with the sky outside the Sun that appears for about a minute starting just as Venus first enters the solar disk.
(Genesis 38:8-10, Jewish/English Bible, JPS 1917)
This is exactly what happened to me while I was sitting here, minding my own business, editing a piece of really good fiction for my friend Shaunna, and I heard “Everlasting Love” by Andy Gibb. Yes, I realize that by doing this post, I will be dating myself on the interwebz, and I’m ok with that.
So I offed myself to places within thirty miles of home to find a lamp. Five different towns, no lamps to be found – except one, and that was a long shot anyway. The light was being used by a ninety year old woman to sew a backing for a couch in the dark, very dark, back room of a used furniture business.
Somewhere around that age I met my dad. I don't remember much except that I sat on his lap and he was very intimidating looking with his dark hair, eyes and beard. But he was friendly and he wanted a kiss good bye and my shyness took over and I ran away and hid in the house. From that day I was always very shy with my dad, would never hug him or let myself be hugged or kissed by him and I would never say I love you.
#18 Sarah V
Our trip to Cordoba last weekend was completely spontaneous and random. Last week, I just decided that I needed to get out of Madrid for a while to see something else. I chose Cordoba because I had never been and I know that I wouldn’t ever go if I didn’t have any reason. Knowing that places like Valencia, Cadiz, and Badajoz all have large festivals, I know that I’ll get to those places, but Cordoba? I hear it’s nice in May but what else is there? So I organized a quick trip for Angel, Jose Luis and I.
I’m wearing one of my banana clips in my hair today. I like the “horse mane” effect. The clips do require adjusting throughout the day, though.
We watch the house grow smaller in the side mirrors until Henri pulls onto the main road and the house disappears. It’s a Saturday. I wonder what’s happening at the party without me. What they’re saying about the way that I left and what they’ll say on Monday when I’m not at school. I wish I could have said good-bye. I’ll never see anyone I knew here ever again. I’ll never speak to any of them. And they’ll never know what I am or why I left. After a few months, or maybe a few weeks, none of them will probably ever think of me again.
Yes, this train carries saints and sinners
Here is my budget as an example: $70 for monthly groceries, $80 for gas, $50 for weekend activities and $70 for AOE (all other expenses such as tithes, haircuts and gifts).
My main advice is to not worry about the getting published part, until your manuscript is done; otherwise, you will get the focus away from the story and you will drive yourself nuts thinking about whether your story is marketable, word count, etc…
**A thank you letter to all who have supported me!!**
One year, I took Jeremiah to see Jo Dee Messina in concert, just the two of us, and we had an amazing time. The memories from that night will be with us both for the rest of our lives. It was my only my second concert, and his first. We danced, we sang, and we took turns looking through a monocle, actually a child’s toy, but it was strong enough to see her on the stage from where we were. We were inexperienced as far as concerts went and left after her supposed last song. We had no idea that she would return for an encore, but as we walked down the long hallway, we heard her start another song, so we grabbed the first door we came to and entered into a section of seating that was completely empty. We had the entire section to ourselves for the last hour of the concert! I will never forget that wonderful night with my sweet boy.
The true sign of a good day.....the boys were asleep in the van before we even made it down my mom's street!
Why is this
Yesterday, with the nice comments on my 100th Blog Post - I was reminded WHY I BLOG.
Back in London, steps are being taken to investigate what's happened to the missing money. It looks as though the real embezzler must soon be unmasked and Leah will have to chose between resuming her old life or starting a new one.
Bluetooth technology is almost everywhere these days. It seems as if there is always a new Bluetooth-powered innovation and product introduced to world almost every day. Bluetooth headphones, for example, are fast becoming popular among geeks, gamers, and the average person on the street. They can be used in many different ways, and is a convenient alternative for ordinary wired headphones.
Little but little I started gaining weight. Each week stepping on that scale, still paying for my monthly Weight Watchers membership, but not really participating in the plan. I would always say next week….then for whatever reason I would never track. I had stayed hovering the 160 mark for a year and now I find myself at 170. No, it’s not terrible. No, it’s not the end of the world. But, for me it’s not where I want to be. I was happier at 160…I know it’s just a matter of 10 pounds…but those 10 pounds make a difference for me. I also want to add 5 more pounds to that loss and get to goal!
Nassau County Minority Leader Kevan Abrahams and the Democrat Legislative Caucus allegedly committed “coercion,” “official misconduct” and “obstructing government administration” by stating, in writing, that they would only vote to approve a legislative item if they received something in return – according to a complaint referred by the County Attorney for criminal investigation.
1. Mike Smith (N) 38, 2. Isaac Gorenstein (TZ) 40, 3. Mike Quevedo (TZ) 42, 4. Luke Grennan (TZ) 43, 5t. Matt Josephs (TZ) 44, 5t. Parker Mann (TZ) 44, 7. Joe Dorrian (N) 49, 8. Miles Capodieci (N) 52, 9. Ryan Carney (N) 53, 10. Sam Kornblau (N) 64
6. When they come out of the oven, remove them from the hot cupcake pan and put them on something to cool like a flat baking pan. Pour a spoonful of the glaze on each muffin (it’ll drip off, so I poked little holes with a knife to make is absorb). Apparently, I filled the cups too much and they shouldn’t be so full so that the glaze doesn’t run off the top.
If I truly say that I trust God with each and every step I take, then I need to actually do that. the days ahead will be no different than the ones I've already taken. He has EVERY ONE OF THEM covered. He has already planned out this path - it is up to me to trust Him. If I really do believe He walks beside me, then where is the fear? I go with a host of mighty warriors as my bodyguards! talk about a team of superheroes! :) so what do I have to fear from cancer? absolutely nothing! if it returns, then we deal with it. I can not walk in fear of the future or 'what ifs'. That is not what faith is about.
Oh, joy! Oh, rapture!
I walked her to the libary and she thanked me and hoped me a good day and future with my studies.
3-4 slices of white sandwich bread (or really any bread you've got)
Last week I posted a giveaway on my blog in which I offered a variety of prizes, and I asked readers to vote for me in the Queen of Teen Award nominations.
My house is stranger than most. It has three stories; the fourth sitting at the very top. It is an attic with an old-fashioned roof. The rest is metal and highly resembles a maximum security vault.
Later in the book, where Laurie, Jo’s neighbor and suitor proposes to her, she clearly designates her motives with the answer she gives to her forlorn lover, “I don’t believe I shall ever marry. I’m happy as I am, and love my liberty too well to be in any hurry to give it up for any mortal man”(476). Though Meg, and Amy found their places in the stability of marriage, Jo struggled with this decision more than any of the sisters. Beth had made her peace with God in death, but while living, favored the quiet home life also. Marmee, seeing much of her own strong spirit in Jo, encouraged her daughter “to enjoy your liberty till you tire of it; for only then will you find there is something sweeter”(430). As Marmee supported Jo in her independence, she must have seen something of her own desire to be free, once upon a time. Jo and Marmee, two strong women, knew something of the independent spirit they shared and resigned themselves to the inevitable role it would play in both their lives.
Brrr it's cold outside! It puts me in a -- singin' mood! Bare with me...
to encourage oneself in an effort that would be wearisome
Note also that this was very much yet another media photo op, and that they took about 20 minutes to change over this sign while each camera-person got their footage.
First of all, please excuse my horrendous picture! We seldom eat dinner much before 6 or 7pm and by that point, the lighting is AWFUL! This pizza, however, was anything but "awful"--talk about a huge hit at my house! The kids both said that they preferred it to any pizza they had tried out--of course part of that could have been that they were involved in the whole process :) The recipe was a little unusual for me, because the dough was actually made in my food processor--as opposed to my mixer. It was so very easy to make the dough and for that matter, the actual pizza making process was simple, as well! The downside: you have to make the dough ahead of time and then wait at least 24 hours (but preferably 48-72 hrs) to make your pizza, so the dough sits in your refrigerator taunting you for a while! Trust me, it was well worth the wait and honestly-speaking, it was much easier in the long-run to divide the work. I contemplated making this recipe back in March when we had our kids' pizza-making birthday party, but didn't realize that the recipe required allowing the dough to sit for at least 24 hours...oops! We really enjoyed the dough that we used for the party, but this was equally as delicious! I made the homemade sauce that I made for their party, which is SUPER simple to throw together and freezes well if you have excess. The single recipe makes (2) 13-inch pizzas and it seemed much more filling than take-out pizza. We did struggle a little to get it as thin as we wanted and I'm wondering if it wouldn't have been easier, had we allowed the dough to sit in the refrigerator an extra day??? (I believe the dough was in there for approximately 30 hours). While the recipe calls only for cheese, we added some pepperoni and I would definitely do that again! Our pizzas were done in about 10 minutes and I served them with salad. We had about 3/4 of a pizza left, after the four of us ate, and trust me when I tell you...we're all good eaters!
And finally, the right side of the layout. We had to buy Dean new Keens this week and they arrived Thursday. A piece of the box made a nice insert. I finished a great book on Wednesday (Cleopatra's Daughter) and printed out a photo of that along with a "1 of 24" sentiment flag - you may remember from Week 1 that I set a goal to read 24 books in 2012. I also created a little pull-out envelope to hold some important receipts from this week (the Vitamixer, Dean's Keens, as well as a few other purchases for the house). We had a family game night Friday night and spent a fun afternoon at Kamehameha III Beach Park Saturday for a baby luau (first birthday party). I also captured a photo of Dean playing on one of the Kindle Fires this week and created a little collage of some of his favorite Kindle Apps, which I think will be fun to look back on years from now.
So as you know I have been doing the C25K program, I have switched up the intervals a little bit just because my treadmill is a huge pain to program, but once the intervals are longer I can do it manually with ease so it won’t be so bad. My treadmill has an interval program so that is what I am using as of now. I have gotten faster in the past two weeks, adding an entire mile to my 30 minute time, that puts me at 2.5 miles. Next stop 3.1! And after that no intervals! Yep, I got this.
- Gradually accept sweeping losses of individual freedom.
I love using borders in my art journals, but cutting and pasting different textures together by hand can be a bit time consuming and since I don't have a lot of time to work in my journal I wind up not doing something more complicated like I'd like to. But creating the borders in Photoshop solves the time & complexity problem. Once you know how to do it, its fast and you can save it to re-use later.
Gen. Abbah confirmed that the demolished block served the group as a bomb factory, adding: “the most difficult fight you can have is with terrorists because they know you and you don’t know them and they have no permanent residence, they operate like nomads.
OK, fine. I don’t like your premise already, but I’ll roll with it. Then I notice the next thing: put down the thesaurus for the love of god. Unless this is the 19th century and you’re getting paid by the word, you don’t need to be Dickens. Every noun does not need three adjectives. We’ve got a lot of nonsense to slog through, and I can’t really count on many OH JOHN RINGO NO! moments (though I’m hoping). So let’s just get from point A to point B, shall we?
Sophie's mother worried about her, warned her that Samson was a wild animal at heart, and that something bad would happen. Sophie soothed her mother's concerns and promised her Samson would never do something like that.
sky by day and and silver
That being said, the turmoil across the Middle East is creating power vacuums and opportunities for al-Qaeda. Many countries undergoing the Arab Spring are seeing an Islamist resurgence. In countries where the turmoil is violent (such as Yemen, Libya, or Syria) there is a tremendous opportunity for al-Qaeda to establish itself. Further, antidotes to the great challenges facing the greater Middle East are in short supply. It is unlikely the situation will get better in the short term and continuing mass discontent could lead to greater numbers adopting al-Qaeda’s radical ideology.
Why did it take a friend sitting on his porch…asking me if I’ve talked to God about it….
* Note: Cascade are actually grown in the UK too, so there is a chance that they aren't from the USA. I always imagine Alan Partridge when I think of Sytrian Goldings - an interesting bit of trivia about Styrian Goldings is that they're actually derived from the Fuggle hop, not the Golding hop. I always imagine Partridge attempting a joke about "Styrian Fuggles" to an audience that just looks bemused in response whilst he chuckles to himself. Just me then ...
But let's look at the options:
I am also in the process of restructuring the site a little bit with different projects, submissions, etc. I'm trying to find a way to make it exciting and actually use Blogger's new features... which means I have to *gulp* read instructions.
You would really like this crazy dog Sky. He is such a clown. He is incredibly smart. He can open gates with his nose. He likes other dogs a lot and did really well on the beach. People coming at him suddenly to try and pet him makes him back up and bark. It isn’t like Asa bellowing into their face, but it is probably driven by the same type of fear reaction.
The UK government are bringing in trials of a alcohol tag..this is a tag that persistent drunken offenders have to wear that sends out a signal to the Police when they drink….smacks of Fascism.
From an unfamiliar number…
Thank you all for you sympathetic comments to my health miseries this week. I was able to heal most it with whooping doses of Vit C and gallons of water. Now, I'm just feeling really run down. I bought some Vit B complex when I bought the C on Monday. Just waiting for that to kick in. The bottle claims it's supposed to boost energy, immunity and metabolism. I'm making Duane take one every night too. At the end of the month we will assess if it helped any.
Are you a Softbums Omni owner? Feel free to complete a survey if you haven’t already. Completion of surveys here at Padded Tush Stats give you extra entries in our giveaways.
But first, Jenna has to figure out what she wants, what she needs, who she loves, and if she has the passion and pride to take a shot at having it all—including Ty…
There is one other thing about this Ark business though. I hear they only take two of each animal on board… and we’re all boys.
So although your eyes were able to see your friend’s lovely face and the sunset behind, your camera just can’t capture all of that information, that scene’s spectrum of dynamic range, without some help. You can choose to pop the flash to light up your friend, but what about landscapes?
Have a wonderful, creative weekend!
Goan beauty Ileana, for instance, is said to have been paid the highest for her Tamil film Nanban for which she took home 1.5 crore. Nayanthara, who has signed on four films after nearly a year, is also rumoured to have been paid the same amount for her comeback films.
Yet I suspect I’m not alone.
When Mexican president Felipe Calderon met with Brazilian president Luiz Inacio “Lula” da Silva in Cancun in 2010, the leaders of Latin America’s two largest countries announced plans to begin negotiations on a comprehensive free-trade agreement between Brazil andMexico. A few months later, a delegation of Brazilian officials traveled to Mexico to begin preparatory work for a hypothetic reduction of tariffs on all goods traded between the two countries. “We want to partner with Brazil,” Calderon said. “The strongest economies inLatin America are Brazil and Mexico. Imagine what we can do together; imagine if we complement each other.”
God bless you, Jan. We love you.
Some of my critics may wish to argue that the decline of the greatest civilisation the world has ever seen is a worthwhile sacrifice in order to enable a rapidly reducing number of individuals to enjoy the transitory pleasures of a child free lifestyle. However, it is for them to make that case, but at this point I do not buy it.
Petition to cease /
In a typical sermon entitled " Imitating the Disbelievers ," ul-Haq warns British Muslims of the danger of being corrupted by the "evil influence" of Western culture. He also heaps scorn on Muslims who say they are "proud to be British," and argues that friendship with a Christian or a Jew makes "a mockery of Allah's religion." Ul-Haq sermons are broadcast on Radio Ramadhan Leicester in Urdu, Gujarati, Punjabi, Bengali, Somali, Arabic and English.
Yes, I understand that it's summer, but THIS summer it is just ridiculous! Near 100 degrees daily for what seems to be forever (and 120 on my very comfortable deck ). As I sit in my sewing room sweating through the latest projects, I think back to other days...when the weather didn't dictate what I could manage to work on.
3 medium carrots diced
The convicting conscience… John 8:9… “And they which heard it, being convicted by their own conscience, went out one by one, beginning at the eldest, even unto the last: and Jesus was left alone, and the woman standing in the midst” (KJV). Accusers of the woman caught in adultery made a judgment within their own consciences… They realized that they too were not without sin. They were aware of their own crimes… Very often in life we are quick to point out other people’s sins, while our own conscience convicts us of ours.
I was struck by how warm the people are and open and vibrant the city centre felt. Although this was a flying visit I’m looking forward to spending more time there.
Enjoy this clip of some of Miranda’s best lines:
Prayer: Lord, I know that I cannot remember to follow Your will for me without being constantly reminded by Your grace that I receive from the Sacrament of the Eucharist and Reconciliation, so I hope that I will remember to constantly remind my children of the grace that can save us all. I ask this, as always, in the name of the Father, and of the Son, and of the holy Spirit. Amen.
Yada yada yada...........
A: I would have to say, which I’m sure most would agree, that I have complete lash envy for Kim Kardashian’s lashes. They are just amazing all around!
Richter said that over the years he’s delivered more than two tons of food to the homeless. He said Mayor Bloomberg is eating away at his ability to do good.
only sticky, sweaty grief
if i don't have a schedule and some one to push me, i tend to, let it slide.
Tactics against Wraith: Slow and pondering, hijacking is probably the best option- even explosive weaponry needs to be quite sustained to take out a Wraith. Shooting with a high powered weapon at a Wraith’s energy core- located at the back of the craft- is also a good move. Don’t get too close to the front of the damn thing either.
Ikea, the DIY (Do It Yourself) mega-store has just released their latest product. It’s not a chair, it’s not a book-case, it’s not a new bed. Guess? Guess again?
That sets the picture, I guess. Three jobs ordered and I was given specific days to check back.
But Grass’s piece has other major weaknesses. The form he chooses for it is, frankly, a mistake. He himself calls it a “poem” but, apart from the blank verse form he chooses for it, it has little if any poetic characteristics. The very title calls to mind, particularly in the German context where there is a tradition of
On the boat, the crew said they had lost not only all their possessions but their jobs. Cosmo promised to give them £5 towards restitution – an offer that was deliberately misinterpreted by one of the crew later as a bribe not to return for survivors because the Duff Gordons were allegedly afraid their small rowing boat would be swamped. In a stoical and moving account of the tragedy sent from New York to his anxious siblings, Cosmo writes: “Indeed at that moment I would have given anything that I possessed to anybody who wanted it, as my heart was full of thanksgiving that the two women in my charge and myself were where we were.”
Today was one of those days when I can't tell if I'm sad because things are changing... or because I'm feeling a little overworked....or because I haven't seen friends in a while.....or if I'm just totally hormonal. I was dealing with all of these today and I'm sure they all worked very well together to create the perfect storm.
Fishnets should be in every woman or man's hosiery wardrobe, and in at least 3 colors; black, brown and nude. Then of course the season's fashionable color.
*No return, no exchange.
State of the Nation
toothless mouths
Hopefully, that’s about to change.
Translates business requirements to System/Functional requirements Highly desired 3 Years 2 – Proficient
I wish I had lived this way from the start, never falling prey to the seduction of having more than I can afford. Consider the typical 30-year mortgage. Even if I never faced losing my job, and was able to keep up on my house payments, in the end, I'll be paying almost two times more for the home than what it cost. Consider it. For a $200,000 home, I could pay an extra $260,000 in interest. That's $260,000 that might go to work building God's kingdom, helping the poor and hungry, of taking better care of my family such as being able to replace those couches we have in our home right now that we can feel the boards through.
“Where’s our fly swatter?”
6. Too many notes
79) My high school yearbook is filled with "You're so sweet, don't ever change!" No, they didn't know me very well.
Bake for approximately 20 minutes or until each tartlet is puffed slightly, set and a light golden in color.
Concentrations of IL-1a, 1b, 2, 4, 5, 6, 8, 10, 12, 13, 15, 17 and 23, IFN-γ, lymphotoxin-α (LT-α) and TNF-α were measured in the plasma of 40 female CFS and 59 case-matched controls. Cytokine co-expression networks were constructed from the pair-wise mutual information (MI) patterns found within each subject group.
The competition is open to UK public authorities and organisations working in partnership with them, eg national organisations, towns, cities, regions and communities as well as public-private partnerships between public authorities and entrepreneurs, educational programmes, and business organisations.
I would be an adhesive runner. One because I love to run. Two because I like being close to the best things, but I don't like to be out in front and taking over the show. However, I think that I provide a much help as I can and am an essential part of the making of a great group.
I really got hacked off with the whole dérailleur set-up two years ago when sunny Portsmouth and Southsea got covered in literally millimetres of snow. It may have been as much as a whole 2 cm! The snow was still fresh when I left for work that morning so I thought I’d risk my ‘winter compound’, but still slick, road tyres. I use Continental Ultra Gatorskins if your interested, an excellent tyre in my humble opinion, despite what other fools may say. I estimate I’ve covered about 4500 miles on them with no issues, flats or otherwise. As it transpired I needn’t have worried about the tyres, I got to work with no slips or falls. The gears on the other hand were a right mess.
The case for privatisation is often something like ‘the private sector can do a better, more efficient job for less, and it decreases government expenditure’. Now this is undoubtedly true, and privatisations of companies such as British Gas went rather well, and are still performing well today. But the Tory privatisation movement is no longer fixed on just businesses. Lincolnshire Police is soon to have sections of its offices run entirely by civilians, hired through G4S, a security firm. West Midlands and Surrey forces are also in the pipeline for mass privatisation. Now, don’t get me wrong, it’s not like there’s G4S men patrolling the streets as the new ‘bobbies’, although this is an idea being considered. But still, there are certain, very sensitive pieces of information that are handled through police offices, and I just don’t feel that this job can be contracted out.
'creativegranny' is really enjoying our web site and actually she has joined our SIBOL RAV Group. She tells me what fun she is having and what a nice group of Ladies they are, so why don't you join us? We'd be very happy to say hello to you!
Decorate/alter the jars/containers to match your space. Create these places, numbers and colors and put them into the containers... say goodbye to creative block!
I'd seriously reccomend a look at this book as there's tons of great stuff in it to get your teeth into. Both Buns wanted the Ruffle-Mania skirt. Miss Rosey keeps looking at clothes from shops like Superdry, Hollister and Jack Wills. They all do the short frilly skirt, but I don't fancy the prices so I think an original from my hands will be dandy. In my day (old persons type of talk here) it was called the Ra Ra Skirt. My mum made me wear trousers, instead of my Ra Ra Skirt, when we visited Venice (aged 12 and already 6ft). I thought she was a real spoilsport. Now I've got a 6ft leggy blonde who's nearly 12 I fully get her over-protective point of view.
that You go before me,
All of these papers and embellishments, along with supplies for the BIA will be available for purchase at Scrapbooking Momeez, Clear Dollar Stamps, Scrap Nook and Conquest Keepsakes. I'll have a complete selection of wires, covers, and closures, some that you cannot find anywhere else, or you can place an order from me or CDS for what you don't see. My tip of the week BEFORE you come? Go use your 40% coupon and purchase a BIA at Hobby Lobby and bring it with you to the crop!
It's Thursday which means it's time for another challenge.
1 Tbsp. minced parsley
Enjoy mushrooms in salads, soups and stir-frys. Powdered mushrooms in pill form are also very effective.
birthday, where hundreds have gathered in solidarity with the Occupy
Andrew suggested we spend the afternoon lounging at home with the windows open so we could listen to the rainstorm. I was thankful he did. We napped and ignored our phones and took random photos and ate chocolate covered almonds.
a huge hailstorm had hit the town.
Although I’ve had pomegranate juice and pomegranate-flavored foods, I’ve never had an actual pomegranate in my house before, mainly because I’m not a fan of pomegranate seeds. I’m not exactly sure what I’ll do with this sucker, but it might be destined for my juicer.
Chapter 12: Building Entity Services Using Service Data Objects (SDOs)
Best moment of the week: Seeing the little one via ultrasound yesterday! I had literally had nightmares about yesterday's appointment for 10 days in a row, so I was super nervous going into it, and super relieved that everything looked just fine.
and creatures of Fright,
2. In a large skillet over medium-high heat, warm the olive oil. Add the garlic and cook until just fragrant. Add the herbs, crushed red pepper, salt, and 1/4 cup grated cheese, and stir. Pour over the cooked squash and stir well. Place in a serving dish. Drizzle with remaining 1 tablespoon olive oil (preferably extra virgin) and sprinkle with remaining 1/2 cup grated cheese. Serve hot.
If ANYONE can provide a more complete historical background on this locomotive, please shoot me a message!
The other two judge were Celia Rees and Andy Stanton and the award is chaired by Julia Eccleshare.
Grace causes you to be in a position whereby you require no aid or
I added this to Wendy's "Life is Funny" Blog Carnival. Check it out!
Elizabeth and La Trobe streets that left its new owner, La Trobe University, with an asbestos and lead paint clean-up bill of nearly $16 million.
My son introduced me to the Snow Day Calculator. He has pretty much lost faith in it, but I secretly think he checks it nightly. This winter it has given us false hope twice. It claimed we had a 99% chance of a day off, but the 1% chance of school was what we got. Two hours ago it gave us a 67% chance for tomorrow, but now we're down to a 55% chance.
Sin is your next door friend
But it does not make it any less wrong.
Everybody knows that Mediterranean food is very healthy and that those who use such a diet have slimmer chances of breast, lung, pancreas, and colon or rectum cancer. And because citric fruit are some of the most important ingredients of the Mediterranean diet, researchers have made a series of discoveries according to which oranges contain numerous anti-cancer substances. Moreover, it has been established that in case of people who take a lot of oranges or lemons, there is a much lower number of stomach cancer, esophagus or mouth cancer.
the Lord is robed in majesty and is armed with strength.
I am terrible at returning phone calls and emails.
My publisher, Suzanne McNeill, called me up and said put your other project on hold and do a book on Zentangle for Kids. She wanted one that would fit into her Zentangle Basics line, but that was "her" line, not mine... and I am a bit of a pain. So I thought "20 pages. Stapled in the middle. OH! (light bulb!) A comic book!" And I have always joked that my children are more cartoon character than human.
Winners will be chosen via random.org on October 15th, 2010. Last valid entry can be entered on October 14th, 2010 at midnight PST. Winners have 48 hours to respond before another winner is chosen via random.org.
Success!!!
1) After having been so certain that a certain store - say, ba&sh, had tons of stuff that I wanted but was too cheap to buy - I'll go in, ready to walk out with a new wardrobe and find... nothing. I don't know why but this happens every season.
I started with the tail and the hind legs and worked toward the head
The modern job – of transcribing, indexing and editing the inventory – must have taken a good deal longer than that. This Herculean task has been completed by Philip Ward and Alasdair Hawkyard, under the expert editorial directorship of David Starkey, and the resulting book – even though it is in a large format with small type, and entirely without illustrations – is more than 500 pages long.
Chronic lead poisoning — a common problem in children — occurs when small amounts of lead are taken in over a longer period. The Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC) defines childhood lead poisoning as a whole-blood lead concentration equal to or greater than 10 micrograms/dL.
Her challenge this week is to use either red or blue, or both, but you do not have to create a patriotic card. Our sponsor this week is Whimsy Haven. You can see the other design team members' cards on our home blog page and read more about our sponsor this week.
Quin - we do stuff we not supposed to do like riding bikes and we get killed.
And I pray that the idea occupying most of the creative space in my mind today is the one.
There is another aspect of our economic crisis that has been overlooked by many. Why is it that the poorest could not afford to pay for their mortgages? Why is it that inequality reached the same level in 2008, as it had been in 1929, just before the last financial crash – coincidence? I do not believe so. During the period from the Second World War until the 1970′s, we were becoming a more equal society and the lot of the average worker was improving. However, since the late 1970′s, inequality in the UK and US has been rising astronomically. In real terms, the income of the average person has not risen at all in 40 years, yet the real income of the richest has risen astronomically in that time. Similarly, wealth inequality has increased dramatically, with the proportion of wealth owned by the top 1% increasing from 17% to 23% since 1980. The means the average person has seen no increase in their spending power and they are losing their access to wealth generating assets. When inequality begins to get to such a dangerous level – demand falls.
17- Moby Dick 5.45
I ground my teeth, staring fixedly at the far corner of the building, around which ladies never durst trod.
Just like 稀叶 used in a Hakka kueh. (I hope I got the word right) This leaves are no longer sold in Singapore as well. Such a pity isn’t it? Using this leaves gives a natural black hue to the kueh.
That is the one reason we collectively don’t have peace in our hearts.
I wore the dress to Sula and had a repeat showing on Valentine’s Day. The picture has brought me too many compliments.
When a wound becomes infected, it no longer heals. Each day, the subject must roll under his fortitude, or the infection grows worse.
Don't put mail in a drawer you never use in order to get it out of sight before a house showing (you may need to use a pay-by-phone system to keep one of those bills from being paid late).
Assure final scope is defined at start of engineering and all disciplines have access to appropriate scope documents.
They say there’s lies, danged lies, and statistics. I generally agree, but 26 meth labs in one year is a problem.
“O my brethren in FORTRAN, forget not Pascal either. Believers in APL, honor matrix algebra in its twilight as an idol. Users of 360 Assembler, scribe the honors of it as the basis for your beliefs. Speakers of tongues, continue your confusion with JCL. For ye do not believe in the Church of the Assembly of Microprocessors. Who would expect you to, my brethren? For it is the future and you are mired in the status quo. It is the future and you are not oriented toward objects. You move incrementally in decades; 360 to 370.”
Unfortunately the TTC has already used Green (for the Bloor-Danforth line), because that is the colour I would suggest that indicates entrance. Then using red to indicate an exit. I would use yellow for information (already in use for Yonge-University-Spadina). I would really try to define a series of colours for the subway lines that exclude the three I just mentioned. Being able to quickly identify an entrance from an exit from a different subway line would speed up flow. I would even go as far as colour coding Buses and Streetcars areas – especially for those stations that have both (like Broadview).
IDF prepared for possible disturbances in Judea and Samaria Move Over Pigs – Zionists In Space Latest Blood Libel: The Hunger Games Edition Сауды вкладывают 109 миллиардов в солнечную энергетику Turkey freaks over “Israeli spy bird” New Video Of J Street Leader Carinne Luck On J Street Strategy ‘Palestinians’ riot for Naqba day “Nakba” protesters attack worshippers at Rachel’s Tomb Zionist Bee-Eater of Death Video: Jew Assaulted For Filming Public Palestinian Event At SOAS PA narrative: All of Israel is “occupied” land Former Arafat Advisor Faces Corruption and Embezzlement Charges Gaza exports clothes to British retailer. Who will boycott them? The Middle East Media Sampler 5/16/2012 Media On End Of Palestinian Hunger Strike Пилигримы на Ground Zero. Хэви-метал по-афгански Soccer Dad’s Middle East Media Sampler Israel Makes An Impression On Celebs Messiah’s times: The best laugh of the day Thousands of Jews go on pilgrimage to Morocco How Russia Pushed For A War Between Israel and Egypt In 1967 (Israel: Why Land Matters, Part II) Iran executes “Israeli spy” Israel Inside Arlene Kushner On Israel’s Agreement With Palestinian Prisoners To End Hunger Strike MK slams ‘Palestinian’ terrorist deal Feiglin now ‘mainstream’ EU Perpetuates Misinformation From The NGOs That Depend On It For Funding And now…FemTechWashing
A loud grumbling sound, as if someone awakened after a long sleep, shook the grove. The redwood tree opened two eyes, each the size of Mellie’s head, and blinked. A great fissure erupted below the eyes in the shape of a crescent, and redish-brown wooden teeth emerged. A long, knobby branch pushed its way out above the mouth and inhaled deeply.
I'm so happy to be able to say that it was.
Like the speaker, we are tempted to go further in.
For all its slow, unsettling ambience, its high-concept approach and its typically controversial mystery-box reveal, The Village is really, at its best, a wounded cry of anguish, a declaration of love and a solemn, beautifully crafted and incredibly moving film about the perseverance of the human spirit, as personified by Ivy Walker; the blind leading the blind.
The words leapt like a leaping sword:
Dry roast the spices one by one and roast grated coconut along with curry leaves if using, let cool for 5 minutes. Grind cooled species including coconut into a very fine powder and keep aside.
48. Koalas and primates are the only animals with unique fingerprints. Humans, apes and koalas are unique in the animal kingdom due to the tiny prints on the fingers of their hands.
I know realize that I'll be 50 in no time at all, and I will regret that I did not wear more skirts in my 30s and 40s. If I could save one regret down the road, let this be the one.
Thirty thousand lost. Forever adrift in the dreams they sought refuge in.
Alex: “Okay, you want the big guns, then pull my finger.”
The House also addressed the Polar Bear Trophy issue. The legislation was “to protect and enhance opportunities for recreational hunting, fishing and shooting.” Hunters who killed endangered polar bears can now legally bring these trophies into the United States.
This is how our kitchen and sitting room looked when we moved in
Label: Jazzman
By 8:55, the henna was mixed. I didn’t have enough tea brewed, but I didn’t have any more chamomile, so I used pomegranate blueberry. I also brewed more pomergranate blueberry tea so it’d be ready to mix in after the dye release, but I didn’t end up needing it. It was cold in my house, so I turned up the heat, & put the bag in the bathroom & closed the door.
Wonderful trees everyone! I'm really enjoying seeing what everyone chooses!
One day, the lies caught up with me. After three semesters–and sporting a grade-point average of 0.75–I received a nice letter from the college informing me that I needed to take a year off, in order to do some growing up and to decide if college was really where I wanted to be.
Nick Fury is excellent and it's nice after all the tease scenes to have Sam Jackson chewing up the scenery in his typical manner for extended periods. He's the perfect actor this kind of stuff, and his profile added to the cache of these projects early on.
Many people today wonder what it feels like living for the right purpose. Some people don’t even believe that there should be a purpose. Some found their purpose but they’re not sure whether its the right one or not. Remember in my previous posts how I talked about Energy of Goodness and Energy of Evil? Well… One of the fundamentals that you should base your purpose on is on the Energy of Goodness. What ever is related to that energy inside of you brings fulfilling and powerful results that automatically fulfills your purpose. One of the things that I think humanity should live for in order to complete its designed purpose is to have a relationship with the Energy of Goodness. What does that mean? It means you should be filled with the kind of energy that brings only good things to yourself and others around you. By having a personal relationship with the Energy of Goodness you will benefit not only yourself but everyone. Not only you will live for the right purpose but you will also bring down and kill the Energy of Evil which is the source of all the idiotic things that are happening in this world that bring devastation to humanity.
“I aim to be part of this thriving company’s executive board and management. I hereby reiterate that I will not be selling down my stake in the future and, instead, hope to build it up in the days ahead,” Star reported Deepak as saying
Prison officials use the revenue from the purchases to keep the sprawling operation running. The profits, they say, fund inmate education and recreation, television equipment and the prison newspaper, The Echo.
I’ve loved the written word since I was a little girl and used to make books out of paper and staples. My imagination has always worked overtime, creating people and worlds in my mind. Recently, I found a paper I wrote in second grade stating that I wanted to be a famous author when I grew up. I honestly can’t remember a time when I didn’t love to read and write.
It's time to vote and I can honestly say - I don't envy you at all!! I have never seen so many beautiful vintage tags!!
Yes sometime last year Brandon Flowers took a dip and emerged in a towel and today – those of us who study his every damn move to a beyond obsessive degree - had a mass hysteria around 1:30EST.
I enjoyed seeing Cassel’s growth throughout the series. He still sees himself as a criminal and conman but he has a good heart--helping others even knowing that he’s being conned. His brother, Barron, surprised me since I never expected to feel sympathetic for him after the things he did to Cassel but in the end I did.
Eagles' 'Long Road Out of Eden' is a bit too slick -Jim Farber
We will be selling tickets at the door, so that you can buy one or more tickets to eat, play games, take purikura, etc!
But the pack's been keeping a secret, and when Bryn goes exploring against Callum's orders, she finds Chase, a newly turned teen Were locked in a cage. Terrifying memories of the attack on her mom and dad come flooding back. Bryn needs answers, and she needs Chase to get them. Suddenly, all allegiances to the pack no longer matter. It's Bryn and Chase against the werewolf world, whatever the consequences.
Sprinkle with sea salt and black pepper.
He ate my heart
Kris and Heather
Many different experts are going to attune together in his solo album. The team of the world famous choreographer Jeri Slaughter will appear and dance in Kim Junsu’s solo music video.
And that's where work and commitment should be applied in my estimate, towards love. I can only guess how much of that is true in the case of the Buick in the photo above and it's owner.
Black Leggings - Asda
I knit, crochet, sew, think, bring up my children, create a home.
When the detective opened the door to the Homicide Office, I wished I’d worn a skirt and heels. In a moment of clarity, I understood my aunt’s concerns about going out half-ready.
The Sami, Europe's northernmost inhabitants, are an indigenous arctic culture inhabiting Fennoscandia (the Scandinavian Peninsula, the Kola Peninsula, Karelia and Finland). There, underneath the Baltic Sea, lies the Baltic Shield, the exposed Precambrian northwest segment of the East European Craton. It is composed mostly of volcanic rock belts which have undergone numerous deformations through tectonic activity. This region contains the oldest rocks of the European continent. During the Pleistocene epoch, great continental ice sheets scoured and depressed the shield's surface, leaving a thin covering of glacial material and innumerable lakes and streams. The Baltic Shield is still rebounding today following the melting of the thick glaciers during the our current ice age, the Quaternary Period.
Accessories: Rhinestone Basics, Dazzling Details (on the lips), Small Oval Punch, Pearl Basics
5. Activate Fantasy - As children, we all had these amazing fantasy worlds we used to play in. My fantasy world was a castle in the sky, full of fairies and princesses, rainbows and butterflies, flowers and birds. When we grow up and life takes over, we tend to forget our fantasy lands. But if you can think back and remember as a child, its when you were bored and upset, did this fantasy world come alive in your mind. It was your coping mechanism as a child. Why cant that same fantasy or a different happy fantasy be a coping mechanism now? Try it just for 5 minutes…especially when you are having a particularly bad day…I bet within the first five minutes you can break into a wide wide smile
After this was all fused and quilted, I could barely bring myself to chop it up for postcards, but I ended up with enough for ten cards and a pile of inchies.
See? Totally useful! Check it out. Go to Wordle.net and click on create. Then play and have fun! (Because really-- it's totally fun. AND productive. :))
Merry Christmas to you and yours. May the season be filled with light, peace, joy, and love which are all gifts the Christ child brought from heaven to earth with him.
That is dishonourable.
Let this place resound with joy, echoing the mighty song of all God’s people.
So today during the funeral services, I was feeling especially tender and vulnerable. It was a lovely and poignant memorial, with the family sharing the tributes, providing the music, and making everyone appreciate being there. Kathy had the honor and privilege of caring for her mother in her home for the past several months, and I was touched and inspired by the loving way Kathy surrendered all her own needs to unselfishly and beautifully serve her 96 year old mother. She was an example of service and love, and I was keenly aware that I could not have done what she did. As I listened to all the speakers, I was treated to an understanding of why Kathy has so many talents and interests, as well as outright gifts. She was the third and last daughter, and in that position in the family, she got to witness and learn from all of the others, and she has been a stellar student. I must say, Kathy is one of the most exceptionally interesting, unique, and talented women I know. I could see where she got her love of poetry and writing, of performing, her musical talents, and her amazing way with people. It has been said that life can only be understood by looking backwards, but it must be lived forward, the message in "It's a Wonderful Life." We all need the reminder sometimes of how amazing life is, how much we need each other, how we are all connected, how our lives intertwine and affect everyone around us. I must say, there was such love in evidence at the funeral, and maybe that's the real gift in them. I have had three funerals this month, all close friends and relatives, and I guess I'm pondering my own mortality. Since we never know from one moment to the next, we need to pay attention to the present and make it count.
I liken the lazy-holic to the alcoholic (hang with me here). She is so tied to the habits of inactivity and the excuses as to why we don’t have time, we’re too busy to take care of ourselves, we’re consumed by caring for the family and “getting things done” that it becomes a way of life and an addiction of stress and small bursts of activity followed by “I deserve some rest time”. Much like the alcoholic taking that drink to make herself feel better, the lazy-holic pours herself a glass of sweet tea, pulls up the nearest couch and sighs as she puts her feet up to watch something on the television. All the while justifying this as “rest” or “relaxation”. She tells herself, I deserve some down time, I’ve gotten so much done today. The question is: “have you taken care of your physical well being?”
For what You gave them, they left with us
slowly eating me inside
At that point in the fading twilight of the French monarchy, the aristocracy, and in particular the doomed royal family lived lives so alien to the world around them, that they had all but lost contact with the reality which would soon rise up and destroy them. Le Petit Trianon, and the world which Marie Antoinette created within its grounds was one of the most obvious and extreme examples of this.
Anyway, Happy Birthday Hsing! Hope you (and Avery and Chenchi) enjoyed the cupcakes!
Don’t lock the Doctor out of the hospital
Each Sunday, I would like to share with you some of the other amazing blogs that I have discovered. These are the ones that I consider the most interesting for the week. I will provide one post in the following areas: Delightfully Delicious which will provide a recipe or some other type of food post, Fabulously Funny which will be something to make you laugh, Nifty Notions which will be a new idea or concept that may inspire you in some way, and Radical Reflections which will look back at one of my most popular post of the week. ENJOY!
If you’ve never been to the Sixpoint brewery, I must say it’s pretty cool. Located in an old warehouse space in Red Hook, Brooklyn, the place has a lot of character. They brew on a 15bbl system and just about everything is done by hand. The equipment is squeaky clean and the process is efficient.
To leave you, some of the other New York photos that didn’t get posted earlier! Enjoy!
CONS: mistreats stuttering pigs, a few too many "dagnabits" thrown into a Dickensian tale, never uses his six-shooters at carolers
runs sixty-four minutes and will begin promptly at 9:30pm. Works by TJ Hospodar, Wendy Chan, Jason Thompson, 0h10 M1ke and The City Reliquary. Wine and cheese will be served. Admission is free. Donations are appreciated. LaunchPad is located at 721 Franklin Avenue and is accessible via the 2,3,4,5,A,C trains at Franklin
For a lot of, the particular rent-to-own home could be the smartest choice. Also called a rent to buy house, the process functions much like an automobile rent: Tenants invest a quantity every month to exist in the home and at the end of the set time period — generally within three years — they have the option to purchase the house. Every month associated with lease they spend is really earnings for that seller, although some of it will go towards a payment in advance to be able to eventually purchase the home.
Hello :) Not much to share today. We overslept, but I needed it(I finally slept all night with no coughing fits waking me up!). We managed to get school done on time and even some housework and chores. Made Ranch Pork Chops for dinner. So easy and so yummy :)
How easy to prove to him, I said,
The crisis of recent years is not the work of speculators and bankers. It is more than anything the work of politicians. It is the result of the system. A system that creates completely false incentives can only produce equally false results, This crisis, Mr. Kohl, is endemic to the system. It is endemic to the euro. It is endemic to the EU.
“On the surface, Barbie appears perfect. She’s beautiful, has great clothes, several good careers, and a perpetual smile on her face. As a child, I was always bothered by that smile- I put her through any number of tragedies, but no matter what befell her, she kept that fixed little smirk. As an adult, thinking about that fixed expression of pleasure made me start to think about what she might be hiding behind the façade of perfection after all, how great could life really be for a woman who clearly has an eating disorder, an addiction to plastic surgery, and nothing between her ears? My photographs portray the dark side of life in the Dream House: Barbie’s obsession with her body, Ken’s quest for sexual gratification, all the dirty little secrets they attempt to hide as they present themselves as icons of the American Dream….”
The basic facts of the murder are as follows. At about 2230 hrs on Thursday 22nd April 1993, two black teenagers, Stephen Lawrence, accompanied by a friend, Duwayne Brooks, were at a bus stop in Well Hall Road, London. While at the bus stop, Lawrence and Brooks were attacked by a group of white youths. In an attack that lasted some 15-20 seconds, Lawrence was stabbed, dying from his wounds soon after. Brooks escaped. Prior to the assault, one of the white attackers, having, presumably, heard something, asked: “what, what nigger”? (para, 1.3). That the assailants were white, the victim black and that the word “nigger” was used, have all been taken on the part of Macpherson as irrefutable proof that Stephen Lawrence was murdered because he was black. To quote Macpherson: ‘Stephen Lawrence’s murder was simply and solely and unequivocally motivated by racism.’ (para, 1.11, emphasis added). At the inquest in 1997, the jury also agreed that: ‘Stephen Lawrence was unlawfully killed in a completely unprovoked racist attack by five white youths.’ (emphasis in the original, para, 2.5). This assumption, an article of faith, resonates throughout the Macpherson Report.
God created man in his own image, but man decided to disobey God and ate the forbidden fruit, sinning against God. The Bible says “we have all sinned and fallen short of the glory of god”. – How can you ever enter Heaven which is full of the glory of God when you have fallen shot of it? The answer is – Through Jesus.
M: 07534 960 087
will take them on another path
We did outdoor cooking, using our new little gas stoves to make popcorn, and cooking pikelets on tin can cookers. While it was a great activity for patrols, it was difficult to keep the little ones as engaged as they needed to be when playing with fire!! Possibly the activity needed to be shorter for the younger ones, with more games time before and after the cooking. The Juniors sure are results-focused, and can’t handle the concentration required to really enjoy the tin-can cookers in particular.
No one has any idea what is going on in my body. I have been told to concentrate on getting through the treatment and live for the day.
Meals Included: Breakfast and Dinner
baby your angerness when my tears wud roll,
WHO: All age groups and fitness levels.
Start by staying committed to a church. Show your decision by serving in your church. Follow through by serving in areas that aren't immediately beneficial for you. Be available! It becomes fun to think about delighting someone and helping them.
Plan (09:30)
Karma my friend, Karma, lol.
16 oz half/half
Ms. Mayawati, if Hussein Saheb were alive today, he would have told you that “Body is Maya; why do you obsess about it?”…
They believed in me and gave me some confidence
That being said, these are some things I function as on a regular basis:
I am grateful for the opportunity to be a part of your adult life. I am blessed to be your friend and happy to see you blossoming as you move into your 30′s. You are a wonderful mom and a great wife, you are simply outstanding! Besides being awesome moms and wives, we have few things in common. In fact, we couldn’t be more opposite but I think that makes things exciting. I am proud of you for everything you have accomplished in your life, as well as all the effort you have made to mend my heart and our relationship. I love you Leah. Thank you for being the sister I always wanted. And thanks for loving me for me.
+ Music for Spring. Everyone should download this. I don't know Michael, but I love him a little bit for composing this mix.
So you’re saying that my people don’t exist? and therefore their countries should be flooded with hundreds of millions of immigrants, and then have these immigrants assimilated until my people become minorities, because according to you “We’re all the human race”???
Most of the other s**t in life doesn’t matter too much. It’s important, but not that important. Doing something for, building something for, achieving something for, or just doing something your child can be proud of, that’s what seems important. Well it does to me. Even if it’s not immediately apparent.
It is now generally accepted that most western countries now have an "hourglass economy" with a thriving top and bottom and a greatly reduced middle.
Hi Fellow Crafters
I choose to believe these little ones. Jesus said to His disciples in Mark 10:14-16: "Suffer the little children to come unto me and forbid them not, for of such is the kingdom of God. Verily I say unto you, Whosoever shall not receive the kingdom of God as a little child, he shall not enter therein. And he took them up in his arms, put his hands upo n them, and blessed them."
`Isaiah 9:6
Well, enjoy episode 25!
It doesn't sit well with anyone, really, no matter where you line up on the larger issue.
It’s also amusing to watch Ohio State and UC fans throw around words like “cheaters” and “punks” at Kentucky basketball. Never mind that Ohio State basketball has been on probation much more recently than Kentucky (2006 for three years) and that Tressel resigned in shame as the Buckeyes head football coach after it was revealed that sweater vest full of integrity knowingly played ineligible players and lied to his athletics director and the NCAA about it (find something like that in John Calipari’s past, I dare you).
Peace and chicken grease
In Mishnah Negaim, we learn that tzara’at can only affect houses in Eretz Yisrael, not outside the land. But it continues: though in all of Israel, houses are liable to tzara’at – they aren’t in Jerusalem. This is because all of Israel was apportioned into tribal areas, but Jerusalem was sort of an open city. It belonged to everyone, and thus, no one; it wasn’t associated with a specific tribe. Many of the people there were pilgrims, visitors, and it must have emptied out certain times of the year.
Entrance price : 5 euros
3 Do you find yourself attempting one diet or food plan after another, with no lasting success?
Think lilac! forget that Dior says black and rust.
*Drink 8 glasses of water (or Crystal Light - that counts in my book!)
If you do, how to you keep it clean?
1 later
eyes of a master and one told through the eyes of a boy. Both revolve around unexpected acts
Hala vala karu
Last week, a Northern Ireland company, “The Sprucefield Centre Limited”, filed its 2011 accounts – available here - and revealed that a GBP 8.5m (€10m) loan which that company had with Bank of Ireland, had been acquired by Westfield Europe Finance (No 2) Limited, a group company of the Austrialian shopping centre giant, Westfield. Westfield is already a joint-venture partner with the company behind Sprucefield.
Were I to have a bit of input on it, I would only comment as to the high amount of slower songs over high energy pieces. While great music, it just seemed the energy of the album as a whole was more down than up. I also would have advised about song placement – I feel that “Hollowland” flowing into “Rotten Zurich Cafe” and “Charlie” preceding “Sweet Cold Consolation” would have a better aural progression than as it was. But, outside those details, Passport is easily a CD I would recommend to anyone that shares the musical malady for fresh, innovative sounds using old musical parts. All in all, Kudos to Cpt. Bodewell and the staff of Sepiachord.
I got home and a little while later the phone rang. It was Jennifer Lopez’s mother saying that Jennifer would like to talk to me. I said sure. Jennifer came to the phone and said she was sorry that they didn’t have the beer I had ordered. She sounded like she had a cold. She said that they had recently opened the bar, so she was looking for feedback from the customers. I told her that it wasn’t a big deal really, I had ordered something else and was happy with it. She asked about the staff and I told her they were all very nice and helpful. She said that I could go back to the bar sometime next weekend, and my beer would be on them, as an apology. I thanked her and hang up. I don’t think she had asked my name, so I wondered how they would know at the bar, I was the person who got to have a beer on J-Lo. And then I realized it was bizarre that I was on the phone was J-Lo and she was asking for my feedback. I couldn’t wait to tweet about it.
I must remain in place.
So we go home. We process. I cry from sheer frustration and then we go to bed.
Painted a few rooms
Price: $16
M: I am love, hold me to your lips,
What he discovered was a land rich in rugged coastlines, mountains and forests. A terrain so wild that it only will yield if you have respect for it. Conquered over and over by Greeks, Arabs, the French, the Austrians, the Spanish and of course the Roman Empire itself, Calabria encompassed bits of their cultures and created a cuisine that gives a nod to their conquerors while at the same time celebrates what easily grows in their rugged terrain.
Through his study of the treatment of the mentally ill Foucault highlighted the fact that in this new version of the mechanistic body, (mind/soul no longer connected to the body) that disease and illness were beginning to be defined in medicalized ways which removed past religious connotations and social controls from diseases such as leprosy and epilepsy by placing them firmly in the hands of the medical profession (Cregan, 2006:46, Lupton, 2003:6, Turner, 1996: 63).
This is a skill unique to humans, or at least it used to be. New robots have emerged with special programming to help them decide what should or should not be included in a drawing. With a camera, they observe a human face, and their robotic hand picks up a pencil and starts drawing a portrait.
When the tour date arrives, copy and paste the HTML Provided in the box. Don't forget to add your honest review if you wish! PLEASE LEAVE A COMMENT ON THIS POST WHEN THE TOUR COMES AROUND!
-Almond Streusel Cheesecake Bars
Winston Churchill: The original “compassionate conservative”
Another night spent separated by the cruel fate of bunk-beds (No Dr, they are NOT fun!) letting sleep heal as best it can.
Of course, sleep disturbance is not the only problem with my nightly wine habit. Wine slows down metabolism, makes me much more likely to snack late at night and make unhealthy food choices in the morning, and it adds significantly to my daily caloric intake. It may also be causing my B-12 deficiency. (As few as 2 glasses of wine a night can create deficiencies in women.) It can also cause high blood pressure and insulin resistance.
Her eyes caught her own reflection in the mirror and she realized how long it had been since she had seen what her body looked like. She dropped the gown and stood gazing at herself as the cool breeze flirted with her raven hair. She was young, good-looking, intelligent and had an open heart and mind. She had a whole new world to explore. Picking up her gown she went to take a shower. Under the jets of cold water she let all the stress, all the pain wash away. Water always healed her, sort of renewal for her to start afresh. It was the first time in many years she felt complete. Guess it was a good sign. Saturated with prayers and dreams she closed her eyes and murmured
If you do not believe in the Lockean, the whole crux of America collapses. You know that right?
Hydro Quebec reported that Unit 2 at the Gentilly nuclear power plant leaked heavy water coolant into the facility’s reactor building last week. Two workers were exposed to low levels of radiation in the incident.
I miss you sometimes. Sometimes I lie in bed thinking of you, wondering where you’ve gone. I wonder if you are gone forever, and sometimes I wonder if you were ever really here, or if you were some myth I created in my mind. An illusion. Sometimes I feel you but a breath away, and then something happens and you disappear. I wonder if you’ll ever come back.
“At the party. Not when I’m shopping.”
Sleep deeply wherever you are on the way.
That is why he could write in Galatians 6:17, “From henceforth let no man trouble me: for I bear in my body the marks of the Lord Jesus.” The Lord didn’t put them there but it was because of his faithful stand in the faith that the marks appeared. Evil men were responsible but he didn’t write about them all that much either. Rather he continually gave the Lord the glory, praising him that He “counted him faithful, putting him into the ministry,” (1 Timothy1:12).
Alvaro A: Would you be open to an interview?
before the uphill one has still to pass
Boy Scout minor leadership position January - June 2012
Despite the typical male preoccupation with breast size, there are some of us who wouldn’t want you any other way, who see sublime perfection where others see absence.
Nestled in amongst the blankets
At the end of the night, I had everyone put their name back in the bowl so I could pick a winner of the Bonus Bag/Swag Bag!
and two seas upside down.
While in UT we attended the wedding festivities, saw lots of family, and were joined by our best daddy after the work week. Apparently we were a little too tired to take any pictures.
Rub chops with cut clove of garlic then season with salt and pepper. Heat 1 tablespoon EVOO in a large skillet over medium-high heat. Add chops and cook 4 minutes each side for medium rare doneness.
How many people show up to this country, line up for a health card and get told by Immigration to “report back” in 6 months, only to never be found again?
The mystery is how…
In response, Ms. Bord has tailored certain classes, cutting out Sanskrit chants if she thinks it will upset certain students. “Emphasizing the physical, they’re kind of cool with it,” she says. “They feel safe.”
2. Pancakes. Yesterday I tried a teddy bear pancake for the first time (inspired by Jim's Pancakes). I need more practice but am pleased with my start and it made us all smile before dousing it in maple syrup. Flipping pancakes for Sylvia's amusement is also fun. Last weekend we had pancakes for breakfast outside before the day heated up (to 38 C) and it was just such a relaxing way to start the day, with the couple across the back lane picking figs from their huge tree that overlooks our yard.
There are sooo many things to share and update.
of God’s cloth, a weaving without beginning, without end.
451212 News dealers & newsstands
