In 2011 Mercedes GP used a section of the frotn wing to link up with the fins on the brake ducts, this created an extra long section of wing. Vanes on the front brake ducts are increasingly influential on front wing performance and front tyre wake.
Moonlight doesn’t exist. The light emitting from the moon is actually light that is reflected from the sun.
They sell everything from ground beef (93% lean is available) to filet mignon, from beef jerky to summer sausage.
Of the wineries and breweries, there were a few I would love to splurge and buy from in the future.
Proximity to cheap food: 4/5. Though there is not restaurant associated with the museum, it’s right across from the Bellevue Square Mall. In the mall you can find anything from steak and lobster at Ruth’s Chris to a good old-fashioned brat at Dogs in the Park.
I have been sick which is a bummer. I blame the CRAZY Texas weather. It's 40, it's 80. I need this weather to get some control & make up it's mind.
I hope you have a fun rest of your weekend as I know many have an extra day. Yay! Be sure to come back by tomorrow as we kick start with a sneak peek for the new Wilson Designs Countdown.
Here’s another features that’s quickly becoming a wash as each service updates their apps for iOS and Android devices, and even Blackberry phones. You can stream or download albums to play offline. At first these companies provided a subset of features for their mobile users, but that’s changed. Now you can pretty much play what you want limited by the restrictions of your data plan. I find it better to download playlists to my device for songs I like to regularly play, and to stream albums I want to try out.
WHEREFORE, respondent Henry M. Adaza is found guilty of gross misconduct, and he is hereby ordered suspended from the practice of law for a period of ONE (1) YEAR effective upon receipt hereof. This decision is without prejudice to the outcome of the Criminal Case for Violation of Batas Pambansa Blg. 22 filed against him. Let copies of this decision be spread on his record in the Bar Confidant’s Office and furnished the Integrated Bar of the Philippines and the Office of the Court Administrator for proper dissemination to all courts.
Just as Glenn Beck does when he get’s into Teacher mode (for the record… when Glenn gets into Teacher mode he is incredible. He should do a series of History lessons to be shown in our public schools, or at the very least shown in private schools and at home for the home-schooled children. He would be very effective because the kids would find him entertaining while learning true American history) I to would like to present some info that may help put together more of the Communist Party/Obama puzzle. What you will learn is more verifiable and intriguing connections to Obama’s Communist leanings, if not heritage!
Hope you enjoyed my little tour. If you are in the Silicon Valley area and want to see the home, there is an open house this weekend. Feel free to contact realtor Gaylene Wyatt at (408) 741-8237 for more information. Or you can email her at gwyatt@serenogroup.com.
5.) Your favourite weather?
3 Urge To Kill 7:19
FPGAs tend to consume power in tens of watts, compared to other multicores and GPUs that tend to consume power in hundreds of watts. One primary reason for lower power consumption in FPGAs is that the applications typically operate between 100–300 MHz on FPGAs compared to applications on high-performance processors executing between 2–3 GHz.
color and letter collages (using stickers, pictures cut out of magazines, 3-D objects, etc...)
Good Neighborhood Association Director Jake Forest said the 300-plus residents are frustrated and believe deputies are ignoring important evidence that could point to the suspects.
Breytenbach was appalled by South Africa's crime rate.
Did pretty well w/ eating so far. Minus the cookie I had from whole foods. Aunt Flo came to visit and I just was not going to fight the urge for chocolate any longer.
The fast and furious Retribution Falls is a staggeringly and ridiculously good page turner. The quality of the writing is close to that of Scott Lynch and has left room for so many more immersive stories for the crew of the Ketty Jay. I give Retribution Falls 9.5 out of 10 hats. This is the first time I can remember pre-ordering the second book in a series before even finishing the first. It is that good. The sequel The Black Lung Captain will be released this July in the UK and it can't get here soon enough for me. Wooding has already signed on for two more volumes of the Ketty Jay for release a year apart with the third currently titled The Iron Jackal. The first two books will be published in the US by Spectra in 2011 in October for the first and the second in November. Wooding also has a series of prequel type vignettes in the guise of Frey's Logbook, which certainly gives a nice entry into this world on the mind of its captain.
This is the card that I have created using the Polly Pickleberry Pretty papers and the NEW Willow Valentine image, isn't she just adorable! Coloured with promarkers of course using pastel beige, pastel green, mint green, lilac and lavender. The Love Die Cut Stamp was in my stash from when I first started crafting, am glad I came across it it's perfect!
August 10
However you use such a technology, one thing’s sure. Now you really can be open 24 hours a day, every day.
Three Nightmarish Mysteries For Detective Steve Harrison Of The River Street Precinct
I climbed the ladder and held a 5-gallon bucket under the swarm, praying the weight of them landing (about 7 lbs) in the bucket wouldn’t tip my ladder. My neighbor-helper meanwhile used his pole-saw to reach up and cut the branch just past the swarm. It couldn’t have been more perfect! The swarm landed with a thud in my bucket, and I quickly snapped a lid on top and climbed down from the ladder. Once I got them into the garage, I replaced the sealed lid with a ventilated screen I found. Here they are, patiently waiting on S to get home:
and finish my book "Entre Nous" by Debra Ollivier.
Wake up, LeeAnne!
Throughout the Festival, there will be coffee, tea, iced tea, water and goodies on the front porch of Foundry Books for those who just want to sit, relax, talk and write. We look forward to seeing you at the Festival. Check mineralpoint.com for accommodations. If you have any questions, please contact Gayle Bull at info@foundrybooks.com. She will be happy to send you a registration form.
At first glance, each of these things may seem unrelated to spirituality. Still, Hatmaker simplified what she could in the physical realm in order to make progress in the intangible spiritual domain. And guess what? Spoiler alert(!!): Her efforts actually worked. To paraphrase her revelation: Where she reduced, Jesus increased. She made room for God to work in her life, and in turn, gained clarity about her purpose here on Earth.
The mouthfeel was snappy, with a good deal of carbonation - which played an extremely effective complementary role to the citrusy flavor. The whole ensemble felt very light and refreshing, while not at all lacking depth or character.The 6.8% ABV made itself present in the mix once in a great while, but for the most part, the alcohol stayed quiet in the background. Still, the hard citrus-and-hops character makes this beer good for sipping, not for gulping. I noticed that, as the beer warmed up a bit, the flavors got a bit more balanced, and the citrus splash settled down quite a bit. This, of course, only made it all the more enjoyable. Perhaps the next bottle I get will stay out of the fridge altogether.As a Christmas brew, this IPA was acceptable. I would definitely serve it at a Christmas party as a special holiday drink. The shades of orange peel in the top end of Celebration Ale make it work as a Christmas beverage, but it would also be nice if there were a few more spices thrown in - perhaps some ginger and all-spice, to round it out.Great beer, good winter drink. I give it an 8 out of 10. (Editor's Note: I concur with JM that this is a wonderful brew and gets at least an 8 out of 10.)
This is what Easter is. It is hopping between two opinions. It is trying mix the Pesach with spring festival customs of the heathen. It is another golden calf. Worshipping YHWH in accordance with heathen rites.
"You can indeed, I've just walked into your wall."
In addition, there is live footage of the band from the
Level 3: MP Cost: 6, Damage: 255%, Attacks up to 5 enemies.
2 - night stay at French Lick Resort & Casino, French Lick, IN
On Friday, my sister and parents drove me out into the desert so I could be my photographic self. I took almost 450 photos and some of them are stellar, even though I really can't see them until I get home and can import them into my computer. We four-wheeled it over rocks and dusty faint roads and they helped me notice things. In the desert, there is much to photograph.
I guess everyone who has played Rolemaster remember the critical hits tables. Let's see if we can hack T&T to get something with a similar feel.
I'm still not convinced on how it's any different to a tinted moisturiser but it provides nice sheer dewy coverage and feels lightweight on the skin, I find I get the best application when I apply with fingers I tried a brush and found it took ages for the product to sink in.
There were a lot of pretty vintage hairstyles on the carpet which I really loved, and some severe looking bangs. This year's theme was definitely Black and White. Black and White were the 'it' colors:Milla Jovovich wore Elie Saab and looked positively gorgeous. Check out that stunning 1930's hairstyle. A lot of 'best dressed' lists have her at the top this year. While I really like the gown, it just doesn't beat out some of my other favorites.Even royalty got the message to show up in white: Here's Prince Albert of Monaco and his wife Princess Charlene.I was thrilled that Ocatavia Spencer won Best Supporting Actress. I have mixed feelings about the Tadashi Shoji gown. She has apparently been very loyal to this designer all awards season, but I'm not in love with it. However, I can find no fault with the fit, and I think it flatters her figure. Guiliana Rancic's Tom Ward gown was flattering, although I thought there was too much going on.BingBing Li's George Chakra gown was very pretty. I'm not sure this image picks up on the textured gown covered in flowers. The part I didn't like? The transparent stripes running up each thigh.Cameron Diaz in Gucci. I really liked this gown and the dramatic train. There were some fitting issues with her basque top right at the waist, but overall one of my favorites out of the white category.Kelly Ripa also looked great in this gown. I can't figure out who designed her gown, and now that I'm researching it I'm finding out that the gown is actually pale yellow. Huh. I'm leaving it here in the white category.So now we get to the black evening gowns. Gary Oldman's wife Alexandra Edenborough looked gorgeous in a Roberto Cavalli gown.Kelly Osmond sported this Badgley Mischka gown. I didn't think this was a stand out gown, but it's very flattering and fits into the black category.
For Occupation – This –
He said stand up, make some sound
This is the current in-game map of Jade Forest. The links to Pandaria aren’t available as yet, so I had to speak to the ‘Portal Panda’ npc in Stormwind to get sent to Pandaria. The Alliance start off on the bottom left in Wayward Landing.
Linky Parties I am peeking at for this week
I am, without much doubt, a death penalty supporter. I don’t live in a rose-colored world where all people are redeemable and any actions can be forgiven. Some people and certain acts are so heinous, so despicable that those who perpetrate them should forfeit their right to continue to draw breath. It’s not about deterrence or vengeance to me, the world is simply a better place with fewer evil people in it. But if we’re going to exact the ultimate penalty on someone, we need to be damned sure. Even beyond a reasonable doubt isn’t sufficient. To end someone’s life, the standard needs to be beyond any doubt. Anything less is tantamount to murder.
Best of luck to all! I'll probably be posting a few status updates on the blog throughout the month, since NaNoWriMo will be running my life for the next 30 days. I'm looking forward to reading the status updates of all of you who are participating as well. :)
8:00 – My Teenage Stride, Knight School, Big Troubles, NT, Creeptales @ Death by Audio $7
I tried red beans and rice at several establishments, and Evelyn’s Place was the best. Located at 139 Chartres, you have to ignore the serious level of dust attached to all of the wall ornamentation while you’re eating. But the banter between the owner and his daughter, along with the local chatter is classic, perhaps more New York than New Orleans. The rice and beans are a must if you like saucy entrees. Skip the bad grocery store French bread served with it. Not worth the calories.
There is a side note I want to touch on which I believe is the source of this idea. They will say something like “My dad did it to my mom growing” “I was abused growing up in the same way” or “I have no other way of showing her that I love her.” I just roll my eyes at these excuses. There is a word I want to tattoo on their forehead and slap them with, that word is called ‘change.’ It’s not a hard thing to do guys; it just takes a little effort and maybe some learning. Women don’t want someone who talks down to them and treats them like dirt. Just because you’re family or parents did it to you doesn’t mean it’s the only way. If you see the world around you, you will notice not all guys do that. Real men treat the woman in their life like they are human beings, and like they want them in their life forever.
Needless to say by the end of this search Jasmine left me speechless and star-struck, or, ahem…in love with her view of the world. In addition, I have a small collection of her copyrighted works ready to review and share with you in categories.
Most of the rest of the nonsense is ladies sharpening their elbows.
The kitty photo on the right is of our new kitty, Ryder. He's a fluffy little thing with short legs. ((haha :: snort)) He's such a sweetheart and is definitely my kind of cat.
Monday to Wed inclusive - Closed.
Top it off with ice cubes and here you have it: the Vietnamese iced coffee. After one glass, you might come to understand why people aren't munching on cakes in the street. Even for a sweet tooth monster like myself, it can get pretty filling. I didn't try iced cocoa in Vietnam, but I have some form of longing regret in the back of my mind. What if they added sweetened condensed milk to that, too? Oh, the joys I'll never know of. I guess I have to go back.
***Writing this blog post took longer. It's now almost 2 am and we are finally able to enjoy our bed and get some rest.
Mix the chickpea flour with the water until it becomes a paste. This is your binder. Add it to the mixing bowl.
On our first trip to Paris in 2007, Tim got to explore the Louvre with my parents, and I ran through it like a maniac to see the Mona Lisa with some of my classmates. This time around, I was not making that mistake again! After unloading our gear at the hotel, we jumped on the subway and headed down to the museum.
The reform plans centered on making the military’s command structure more efficient, and giving the chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff more power to control the Army, Navy and Air Force.
It is lined with many stores, some the big department stores filled with designer goods, but the ones I liked were the smaller ones that sold native goods.
BAD AS ME
I also regret pooping on your pretty rug right before you were going out the other day. You got really upset at me. It was kind of my fault. I have been "crying wolf" lately, pretending like I need to go out, when all I really want to do is chase lizards and feel the wind on my fur. So, when I went to the door and tapped my little paw, you though I was fooling you. Oops. Just kidding!
And that our Democratic candidate for state representative - in TEXAS - in our GERRYMANDERED DISTRICTS, if y'all will recall our redistricting legislative folly from a few years back - IS COMPETITIVE? And the Senate candidate - while not as close; John Cornyn is a formidable foe - is within single digits?
PeePeeS... I STILL don't know what to give Mom fur Mother's Day... (the one that we celebrate in the U.S.A.) I have a Head Ache just thinkin on it. I gotta have SOMETHINGY By Sunday Morning... I'm just sayin!
For Easter weekend we flew to London to see the sights and enjoy an English filled weekend.
I've never failed to get at least the rated miles out of a set of Michelins, so I'm going back to them.
Anyway, all that to say that when you’re out doing some form of activity, think about what provides resistance and ask yourself if you could do it for a few hours. The answer might be very helpful in terms of efficiency for the long-term/distance!
faith in God
4. Being good at one type of writing doesn't automatically make you good at the others, but it means you can learn to be. I'm a decent poet. I used to be a lousy fiction writer. I think now I'm a mediocre fiction writer. The form you practice more, the one you read more, is the one you'll get better at.
10:00 a.m.
Granny puts up three fingers and says, Six syllables
The fashion in London is utterly fabulous. I wanted to photograph so many impeccably-dressed women all over the city. I'm eagerly awaiting my return in just about a week!
Now like any good former Boy Scout/United States Army NCO I prepared long ago for just such an occurrence and pulled out the three quarters I squirreled away inside my car for just such a predicament. Thinking I would soon be back on the road, I walked up to the oversized stainless steel cylinder and was surprised to find that inflation or greed had struck again with the tire pump now requiring $1.50 to be activated.
The show began around 9 with four dudes creeping out onto the stage and launching into probably the most rousing cover of Phil Collins’ “In The Air Tonight” that I have ever heard. As a shameless lover of all things Phil Collins/Genesis, I was sold, just like that. A fitting start to what was an awesome set by Seattle natives Kithkin.
Q: Would you say there is a male queer conspiracy in the media as distinct from a male cock-cunting media conspiracy to turn the world into one big stereotype? (Personally I've always felt outside all groups and associations - but I love the word queer)
Stay tuned to hear all about their FIRST SLEEPOVER!!!!!
The forest is a peaceful place that is perfect for meditation, relaxation, and exercise. I love to go there to watch the creek and animals. I hope you do, too.
Fall quarter began, and my advisor forwarded me a few emails from people in Napa Valley looking for interns. I spent a day at Napa Valley Coffee Roasting Company studying and perfecting cover letters to send. To my surprise and joy, I received a reply from Nimbus Arts by the next day. We set up an interview time. Excited and nervous, I went to buy a pair of slacks to wear (all of mine inevitably shrink to high-water status after the first wash, it seems) and prepared myself for the interview.
Jenah
But I will also be sad. We infertiles know all too well how we can be both happy and sad all in the same breath. It's just who we are.
Entrance price : 6 euros
Could I do Egypt? I’ve written some novels set there.
It's so fun to watch God's creatures around our property. :) It's a real blessing to me.
Extra Bill with Yoshi Trick
First I shortened it, both at the hem (since I didn't want it too full) and at the waist (since it had a waistband and was a size 10, and by removing the waistband and making a new facing the waist became larger) to just below knee length, then I rootled about in my ribbon box and found almost a whole reel of green silk ribbon. I wanted something similar to a Boden skirt I saw a while back, so I pinned on the ribbon, tacked it and then hand-stitched it in place.
7.What does Robard believe Tristan should do with Sir Hugh? Do you think his opinion is justified or not?
1 apple (if you’re using the mini kind, use 2 or 3)
Directed by Martin Scorsese, it is a story about the wonders of cinema and I think it is one of my most favourite movies in a long time. If you haven't seen it... you must... you will be mesmerised, enchanted and entertained for two hours without a blink. The film, based on the book The Invention of Hugo Cabret, is set in 1930's Paris... the backdrops and the cinematography are superb... the story adorable...
I had few good friends. The Coradale kids were nice enough, but a few differences were more than enough to create a divide that caused only a few to be allowed to cross and fewer still to stay.
“How will I do this, I don’t even know where to start?
Those of you who will go see Saw 3D will probably thank your lucky stars you are not one of the people trapped in the movie.
¼ pound green beans
As we paged through the book together–which is very well done, I have to say–I found myself looking for information about an unknown, yet significant casualty of the terrible events of April, 1912. Finding none, I decided to take matters into my own hands in this space. If you’ve ever heard of Homer C. Davenport before, please accept my apologies. But if not, please read on. You might learn something worthwhile if you do.
I'm sure we're leaving something out. Like the time your correspondent on the "Royals" beat, Richard Quest, was arrested in 2008 for drug possession when he was found in Central Park with meth in his pocket and a length of rope tied to his genitals. But we think we've made our point. Over the course of many years, CNN, you have made bad decision after bad decision. Your tanking ratings are not an accident. Things have gone exactly as you have drawn them up.
George Watkins Holden continued to operate his photographic business out of the family home at 55 Tudor Street, Cardiff from 1907 until his death in 1921, aged 75, probably the longest settled period of his very busy life. He had five children, at least two of them illegitimate, by three different women, and lived for a time with a fourth. All of his partners were a good deal younger than him. They say that apples don't fall far from the tree.
Chun (2001) nonetheless predicts that a movement of opposition will develop in Taiwan, ironically out of multicultural discourse, specifically its indigenist component. Although indigenism has primarily served to defend the native Austronesian tribes of eastern Taiwan, it is now also being used to portray the Taiwanese as an indigenous nation, in opposition to the People’s Republic of China. At a time when the PRC has embraced the global market economy, the Taiwanese political leadership is turning towards indigenist rhetoric as the sole remaining means of legitimizing their country’s existence.
This sweet little image was coloured with my Copics, and then I simply laid down some Glamour Dust for the snow. I punched out some snowflakes, cut them in half and made a little frame for the image and finished off with three holly leaves and a red bow. Not difficult to do (not even the image) and one that I can reproduce easily - result!
The Brother 7840W – Should This Printer Be on Your Christmas List This Year?
* Schedule a day of no schedule
To be the highest in thy choir, -
Imagine the Mayor of Port of Spain giving permission for the square to be used on a day the House is sitting and the police not giving permission for a public meeting but still did not disperse the crowds? And to crown it all, the PM “ramajaying”, as one newspaper put it, to the crowd during the tea break. And in the weekend’s Guardian interview with Clevon Raphael, Neil Parsanlal didn’t know what was the underlying cause of crime in this country? I’ll give it to you free Neil…
It was when I saw this post over at The Jey of Cooking that I decided to make an earnest effort to make sure our dinners and snacks would be healthier, for real this time! (you've got to give me desserts though, I'm nothing without mascarpone cheese and fresh whipped cream :( ).
Journey is currently:
38. Opera
Take a long, sharp knife and at an angle, cut into the curd all the way to the bottom of the pot. Turn the pot and cut the curd in the opposite direction so you have about 1/2 inch cubes. Put the pot back on the stove and heat it gently to 105 degrees, stirring VERY gently.
Get over yourself, I’m talking to that fur covered, adorable brute you are attached to.
Growing up, my mom was always pushing me to read books (which I'm so thankful for now!). Her favorite thing to do is read, which has definitely rubbed off on me (the best of times happens when my thumbs are flippin' pages and my imagination's turnin' flips). She'll start a book and won't be able to put it down Prologue to About the Author (depending on her busy schedule). You're sure to find her engulfed in the latest Michael Connelly, Mary Higgins Clark, or, her childhood hero, Nancy Drew (it's no wonder she grew up to be the crime scene investigating forensic mad woman that she is what with all the mysteries she helped Nancy solve). And, most of this reading took place in a cozy nook of the house. Whether it be in a warm corner of my parents' screened in porch, or next to the cozy fireplace in a big over sized chair. Well, like mother like daughter I suppose, because I, too, want a designated cozy comfy reading space for all those hours I'll spend with Pat Conroy, Michael Connelly (yes, just like mom), and a host of others.
Pubic hair removal naturally irritates and inflames the hair follicles left behind, leaving microscopic open wounds. Rather than suffering a recurring comparison to a bristle brush, frequent hair removal is necessary to stay smooth, causing regular irritation of the shaved or waxed area. When that irritation is combined with the warm, moist environment of the genitals, it becomes a happy culture media for some of the nastiest of bacterial pathogens, namely group A streptococcus, staphylococcus aureus and its recently mutated cousin methicillin-resistant staph aureus (MRSA). There is an increase in staph boils and abscesses, necessitating incisions to drain the infection, resulting in scarring that can be significant. It is not at all unusual to find pustules and other hair follicle inflammatory papules on the shaved areas.
Another sighting
So here we are, finally enjoying the beautiful flowers of spring, along with warmer temps and a whole lot of better attitudes from the people who are so dreary during the winter season. A new beginning for many little critters out there, gathering twigs and building nests, singing all the while. It's no different here at Happy Valley, where, as I sit, I can hear the songs of the chickadees at my bird feeder, so delicate and happy.
Tim Jackson, a consultant retinal surgeon at King’s College Hospital and Robert MacLaren, a professor of ophthalmology at the University of Oxford and a consultant retinal surgeon at the Oxford Eye Hospital, who are running the trial, say it has ‘exceeded expectations’ with patients already regaining ‘useful vision’.
Everyone in America who has been screaming about OMGZ Teh_Deficit!!11! needs to sit down and shut up now.
Ethan: Uhm... mom? Could the pee have run down the side of the bed?
I never expected to end my days in a barren land. I, who always took pride in keeping a flourishing garden. I came here looking for something, I´ll admit, and in a way, it seems I found it.
2 lengths of ribbon approx 5 inches in length
When you add your cleaner to a bottle, make sure you mark all the bottle with the name of the cleaner. If you reuse a bottle that previously contained other cleansers, make sure the bottle is completely clean and marked before you fill it with your homemade cleanser.
Even though I've been away from the land of crafty blogs I have still managed to keep the crochet fires burning. There's rarely been a day where I haven't sat down to hook. I've made lots of different things and I'm really proud of all of them. I guess that's the great thing about having an unintended break. I now have so many things to talk about. I don't have to think up things to post about because I've essentially established a blog post stash. It's the kind of thing posting slackers like me dream about but in truth I really don't need another stash. When there's too much to do procrastination inevitably sets in.
UNLIKE my esteemed Parliamentary colleague who runs the Labour Party – the one who looks a little like a Port Said post-card seller, as I’m sure he won’t mind my pointing out – I am not a massive fan of the so-called “Cornish pasty”. Nor is our fearless Chancellor, Mr Osborne, who scarcely eats at all as he struggles brilliantly – I use the word advisedly – to repair an economy so wrecked by Mr Brown. Only the other day, in the Members’ Tea Room, he drew me to one side and hissed (there is no other word to sufficiently describe his emotion) “What’s all this about ‘Cornish pasties’ Ollie? I eat one every Friday.” I gave him one of my amused smiles. “I think, George,” I bantered, “that you’re referring to boeuf en croute as delivered at the Beefsteak. The Cornish pasty – a kind of daube en croute if you like – was traditionally clutched by the old tin miners of Cornwall when they were dropped down a 1000-ft pit shaft to their work face. That’s why they’ve got such hard crusts – the pies, if I may presume to clarify that, not the tin miners. The name’s ‘Oliver’ by the way, George!”
On the 29th I took pictures of my friend's baby, Caden. He was so darn cute I could barely stand myself, and for the first time in 18 months I could honestly be okay that someone else had a baby and I didn't. And then, later that day at lunch with my Mother-In-Law as she headed up to Nebraska, I noticed I started feeling like I had ovulated. I quickly passed it off as just weird wacky hormones, being that I was off the Clomid now and my body was adjusting. But, the next day, it was like ALL of my ovulation symptoms hit me with vengeance. I tried to still deny it, thinking "There's no way I've ovulated on my own, let alone on day 14. Get over it." But after we got home and I still felt all of the symptoms, I started to wonder if I had.
My field is condensed matter, not cosmology, so I get these impressions from colloquia and buzz among physicists. If I were willing to put in a lot of effort, I would look through the recent papers on ArXiV and see if there are any discussing alternative narratives for the beginning of the universe. But that would just lead to he said she said, a battle of the experts. Instead, let me explain a bit why contemporary cosmologists are unsure about the beginning of the universe, and why you should be too.
Lukas went for it from the gun. I was at the start then made my way to the mile marker area. (Start below, Lukas at the mile after that, he was all alone)
So why do I write this? Why do I ramble on in such a disorderly manner? ‘For it was today, by your help that I gained control.
Sheik Yousuf Al-Qaradhawi: I am known in the Islamic world as the preacher of the mainstream.
Until the colors of the night
The Applicant appealed, and in the Appeal Brief argued that the combined references did not disclose simultaneous display of multiple developmental lines. The Applicant acknowledged that Project 98 described a planning tool which simultaneous displayed tasks at the same level in a task hierarchy, but argued that these teachings about task hierarchies are "too vague and unspecific to lead one skilled in the art" to apply them to developmental lines.
I have seen roses damask’d, red and white,
So curious what bizarrely-colored vegetables I might stumble upon next! Blue radishes? Pink arugula? I’ll keep my eyes peeled and my mind (and stomach) open. And, as always, I’ll share whatever I find with you.
Are you safe in your house?
10am-1pm each day.
So there I was, sitting on my little thin mattress on my metal bunk, reading. I didn’t know it at that time, but I had just made the best decision I had ever made in my entire life. I was still unsure whether I could even read the Bible, or understand it, but I didn’t think I had anything to lose. So I started reading from page one in Genesis – first chapter, first verse. And you know what? I couldn’t stop reading. I couldn’t put that book down for anything!
Band on Front:
All judgments that involve "drawing a line" between one thing and another are inherently political judgments, in the sense that trade-offs between competing values are unavoidably involved. If there are no disputes above values, then the issue does not show up on the front page of the NY Times. While interesting and newsworthy to be sure, there is nothing unexpected or unusual about the fact that the Obama Administration and a federal agency find themselves at odds over such judgments.
You know, I get why people loved this book so much. I really do. I didn't love it as much as everyone else seemed to, but there's no denying that this was a great book. The problem for me was something I seem to be facing a lot lately. I was unable to connect to the characters as much as I would have liked to. Usually this hinders my enjoyment of the book completely, and that really didn't happen here. There was enough great stuff going on that I still enjoyed what I was reading immensely.
As far as inspiration – it was years of putting on musical productions with a special group of children who came to feel like a big extended family. All the high drama of putting on a show, as well as the dramas they were experiencing in their own personal lives. I haven’t taken any one child’s story and put it in the book – it’s more the rich tapestry of all their universal hopes, dreams, worries and frustrations.
At 10 p.m. Friday it’s The Santa Fe Opry (country music as the good Lord intended it to sound), and same time Sunday it’s Terrell’s Sound World (free-form weirdo radio). Both also stream at www.ksfr.org.
by the second
Forcibly enslaved, brutalized, and exploited, Africans were transported to the Caribbean as workers, without pay and human rights, irrespective of age, place of birth, occupation or gender, from the womb to the tomb, from sunrise to sunset; they worked constructing the Caribbean civilisation known today. Africans in the Caribbean were economics (Williams 1944), financially valued, particularly for their workplace knowledge, skills and experiences, but they were also chattel, part of the plantation livestock, opened to be sold at the enslavers’ whim. The data of the 312 workers analysed here were gleaned from the 1817 British Colonial Office census recorded at a time when much of the eastern Caribbean economy was controlled by the United Kingdom – the sole beneficiary of the vast profits from sugar production in thousands of sugar plantations across the Caribbean, such as Wingfield. Periodically, the United Kingdom Colonial Office demanded census data about the Caribbean economy it controlled. It is from within this context that the raw data analysed here is taken. The 1817 census was an inventory of the enslavers’ stock of Africans people. The inventory was used as a guide to the evaluation and calculation of compensation costs for the loss to the enslaver of valued stock on the so termed ‘abolition’ of physical enslavement. As a predominately young, highly skilled workforce, Africans in the Caribbean, according to the 1817 census, possessed a diverse range of social and economic knowledge, skills and experiences which enabled immediate participation in sugar production. Many workers were captured and transported with their transferrable occupational knowledge and skills, both social and human capital, developed within the African context, and would have used this learning immediately within the Caribbean context. Many workers may have been educated and trained in one of the many African-centred occupational ‘community of practice’, or workplace apprenticeships, a common ‘each one teach one’ approach. New generations of Africans ‘bred’ in the Caribbean were also educated and trained in the ‘community of practice’ framework sustained by the Elders in the occupational community.
I barely know where to start with this one. It's really hard to say much about it without ruining the plot. And the good bits that aren't about the plot are just too many to single out one or two to write about. It's all good. It's just...really, really good and I'd recommend it. It brought back to mind lots of things from my youth that I thought I'd forgotten and for that I'm grateful. Plus, I got a fantastic story to immerse myself in so all-in-all it was moeny well spent.
“We don’t want to get the other side of it,” he said. “We want to stay as we always have been — family oriented.”
To require the truth of religion to hinge upon independent verification conducted by another person is to leave the care of your soul, indeed its very salvation, to a person who does not have as vested an interested in your salvation as you have. The mere position of an outside observer does not yield more insight into other men’s faith or worship. These things ought every man to sincerely inquire himself with due diligence, search, study, and meditation. We are all equal in nature concerning these things and no man has been placed above another.
Almost all of my interesting stories worth listening to or writing about came from high school and college, but those stories were epic and hold up still. My fiction is all based a bit of those memories. There is some truth in all my fiction. I enjoy taking true events and tweaking them by having the characters make different choices then they did in reality and let the ball roll from there. I find it therapeutic in a way. My own mechanism to cope with the never-ending “what ifs” of life.
As many of my walking tours include pubs I am often asked what is my favourite. I am always flummoxed by this question as don't have one particular favourite but a number and all for different reasons. I just can't pin my choice down to one.
I think this was to be a post about how coaxing people, plants, animals, art, music, craft is better than forcing.
Dumpster Diving 101
The artist in question was one that I had heard of and seen the works of but seeing the twisted mind of the killer made me look at the art in a way that transcended more than, “That’s interesting.” Unless you’re very familiar with the artist, you will be as quizzical and enlightened as I was reading the book.
In all seriousness, I’m counting on the hospital staff to not only deliver our baby and keep everyone safe, but to tell me my role in Tanya and Ashtyn’s care. I don’t plan to be the idiot that acts like he knows everything just because he watched every YouTube tutorial on delivering babies. In fact I will go as far as saying I’m open to hearing/doing just about anything the doctor has to offer for a successful delivery. Just for the simple fact that he has delivered thousands of babies by using his education from a university and practice. Whereas I’m positive I would not be near as successful with online tutorials and no training. While working at the hospital, I was taught the best thing to do if a woman goes into labor, is RUN her to the L&D doctors. Not the Emergency Room, but L&D. That should speak for itself.
It helps at this point to know a little about my mom. She’s a wonderful person, and I know she has always looked out for me, feeling the need that most good parents do of keeping their kids protected from things in the world which could harm them. Yeah, as I got older, I sometimes felt like she was a bit overprotective, and I was often bewildered at the pieces of pop culture she decided I wasn’t ready for. I bought an Alice Cooper record once, and was listening to it one evening when she suddenly popped into my room, right when Alice was singing about keeping a dead woman in a refrigerator. Grabbing the lyrics sheet, Mom was aghast, and instantly forbade me from buying any more Alice Cooper records. Funny thing is, I was just a kid and didn't care about the words, and had no idea what the offending song (“Cold Ethyl,” by the way) was actually about. I just thought it sounded cool. The only reason I discovered the subject of the song was because she pointed it out. This new knowledge actually made the song even cooler.
My child will never do that….
Gran Via - Circa 1950
“Now enough about me,” Peter finally said after exhausting all his exploits and victories, “tell me what brings you to New Orleans?”
They never tell you how hard it is.
Place ham in roasting pan.
So, while I have been sitting here crying and stressing out, Mr. LIW has been putting a major chain on the broken door. Our plan is to replace the door this weekend.
John Flavel (or Flavell) was born in 1628 in Bromsgrove, Worcestershire. He was the son of Richard Flavel, a minister who died of the plague in 1665 while in prison for nonconformity. John Flavel was educated by his father in the ways of religion, then “plied his studies hard” as a commoner at University College, Oxford. In 1650, he was ordained by the presbytery at Salisbury. He settled in Diptford, where he honed his numerous gifts.
This kind of project is one of my favorites to make - it's fairly quick, not too difficult, and lets you play around with those scrappy bits that otherwise just sit there, twiddling their proverbial thumbs....
I know it's not a traditional Halloween card but I loved the way that her dress looked against this orange flowered background. It is one of the Designer Series papers from Stampin' Up, on the other side is pink so I decided to cut out part of this other cool paper for the flowers, I love all these colors together.
Harbourfront Library Poem Gallery can be viewed on the library’s panoramic window facing out onto Diana Krall Plaza. The display is double-sided, so you need to stand both inside and outside the window to read all the poems.
May I scream?
Happy upcycling!!
How was Art Deco style used to create a modern “look” in the 1920s and 30s? Explain some of the characteristic design elements of Art Deco.
avant-garde psychadelic underground. Sit down firmly, put your
- In Basle, Switzerland, in 1471, a cockerel was found guilty in a court of law for laying an egg "In defiance of natural law". The bird was then burnt at the stake as a "Devil in disguise".
In completely unrelated news, my birthday is next week ;)
Mass follows Terce. The Gloria is sung the second collect is of the Vigil, the third of the Rogations, the Paschaltide preface is sung (for the last time this year) and the last Gospel is of the Vigil. Private Masses may be of the Vigil, the Gloria is sung, the second collect is of St. Ubaldus and the third collect that of the Rogations, the preface is of Paschaltide and, unusually for a Vigil, the vestments are white.
Roy is our most average character and the center of the story as it's he that ties Myra and Lilly together. It's his injury that causes Lilly to screw up, a concern you would imagine she's had for a long time. Lilly is right about Roy in that he "doesn't have the stomach" to be a grifter. While he's charming and has a few skills, he doesn't have the edge that Myra and Lilly do. He lacks a mean streak and you get the sense that he's simply trying to find an amusing way to make a living. By comparison to the women, it would seem that Roy is dabbling in a game that requires total devotion. He's content to make a few bucks here and there not taking anyone for enough to make them care, until he finds the wrong bartender and realizes that as much as a grifter likes to take someone, there are those that despise the takers, no matter the amount. That's the heart of the lifestyle, and Roy doesn't get it. A lot of the appeal to him is that it allows him to be a "self made man." We see that he's insistent to Lilly that "I pay my debts." He mentions to Myra that he left home with only things he himself had paid for. THis is not a good attitude for a grifter who would more naturally be proud that he left home having stolen all of Lilly's things. His misplaced work ethic doesn't do him any favors. He can't get past issues with Lilly, having acted as if he were her brother when he was a child, he sees her more as a disloyal peer than a mother, and as everyone but he himself can see he has a vulnerability around his Oedipus complex. Unfortunately for him, that's not even sacred to a real grifter, Myra or Lilly. He wants to have a relationship with Lilly, but he can't understand what she is or what she's capable of to survive as she herself points out. He's quick to grab the opportunity to play Lilly's moral authority, having perhaps hoped for the chance his whole life, but in the end, he's a twenty five year old kid without enough cynicism to really play the game. Roy unlike Myra and Lilly is content to be just so comfortable, and so is surprised at their insatiable grasping for more. John Cusack is perfect for the role and pulls off a likeable rogue, perpetually smirking at a private joke. The role fits in well with his other screen roles. He's not unlike Lloyd Dobler in "Say ANything" although this time he's in way over his head.
She gasped. He seemed to think it was from his touches and pressed himself more firmly to her. Abby had thought the L word. No. This couldn't happen. Not now. Not ever.
Since the Great Depression, the U.S. has created various entitlement programs to provide a safety net for the poor.
It’s a very tough sell, especially as Auslander is writing in the comic style - although it’s fair to say, I think, that the humour is of a very black pitch. For example, the first chapter is something of a very short prologue, about a man suffocating to death in a house fire. Chapter Two then opens with: ‘Solomon Kugel was lying in bed, thinking about suffocating to death in a house fire, because he was an optimist … Hope, said Professor Jove, was Solomon Kugel’s greatest failing.’
“That wonderful feeling I had watching the waterfalls–it’s more than just a beautiful sight, it’s the forces in the waves and in the waterfalls and it’s a force that you feel, not only see. I liken it in many ways to the ocean, a stormy ocean or even when it was low tide and not such big waves. The variation in color and the movement of the waves, I guess, just thrill me. I love it!”
Inside the church Jack ascends the steps and enters the room that displays a lot of Buddhist, Zen, Dharma, Hindu, Christian and other religious and spiritual icons, and the casket he believes holds his father's body. When Jack touches the coffin he is flooded with Flash memory of his time on the "Island".
A truly special photo with a lot of history!
What else does the true meaning of Christ’s life teach if not the love “that God so loved the world (i.e., mankind) that he gave his only begotten son” for all of us. Anything less from each of us not just denies His sacrifice but denies what He came to earth to teach humanity. Jesus cared not about political parties or even about politics.
“Come with me,” he said and waited for her to rise. He showed her the way and followed at a distance saying where to turn and when. After many twists and several changes in altitude they came to a secure level and Mr. Big let Tina into a large room. The room was well appointed with vibrant Digipost wall boards and a pool table centered in the space. Tina had never seen one before. She walked up to it and touched an orange ball, tapped it with her fingernail, then rolled it gently on the green cloth.
So we went home.
Jupiter was very anxious to protect his son’s. He made sure that he was accompanied by the strongest of forces, constantly. After all this was his one and only heir. Though one day Perseus complained that his bodyguards were always scaring off his friends and he wanted to go out on his own. After a lot of persuasion his father finally gave him permission to go out on his own. Perseus’s joy knew no bounds. With his new born freedom Perseus immediately ran out to meet his friends, when he spotted an odd looking shrub nearby. He went to investigate the cause of the abnormality. Though as soon as he walked towards the shrub he was sucked in.
Mix, test for seasoning, and enjoy. I like to mix the dressing up in Ball jar so I can put the leftovers straight in the 'fridge. Sidenote: I only use Penzeys spices - they are so great and taste like fresh when you cook with them.
Hearing someone talking frantically in a low voice, I soon got out of bed too and eased toward the kitchen, stopping at the stoop on the far side of the kitchen. You had to step down eight inches to the kitchen floor as it had been built onto the original part of the house and there I considered a safe zone. I was in mortal fear as I listened to my mom asking "Who's there?" while Daddy and Mussie stood to the side of her, also questioning whoever was on the other side of the door.
Purists may be upset with some of the liberties Usher has taken with the text – turning Lucius into a man hearing the tale rather than being the focus of the adventures, softening the ribald nature of the story – but I think there is something to be said for providing younger readers an introduction to the tale that to assume they might pick it up some day. Outside of college-prep Latin or AP Literature classes I don't believe The Golden Ass is in the general curriculum, and that's too bad.
Bossy Mans
All hands on deck for mochi making! Often, this is the one time a year we see some of our aunts, uncles, cousins and their growing children so it is a very important tradition for my family. And, of course, we have a bouncy house...just like our ancestors had I'm sure...
Carmel Apple Cupcakes
"I'm not." I looked him in the eye. "Nothing frightens me anymore, Yuji."
year milestone and once again, we could
Here is a very yummy delicious Carmel Popcorn recipe for you to make. Put it in a Halloween cellophane bag (we got from the dollar store- 25 in a pack) and dress it up with some cute tulle and this darling printable and you are set for an easy Halloween treat for your friends!
Related, SPDR Gold Trust ETF (GLD)
For a few months in 1960, the Eagle resumed publication as a weekly, and it was published daily for a year, ending in mid-1963.
Mount Hermon = 9,232 feet High. (33°24′N, 35°51′E; Hebrew: הר חרמון‎, Har Hermon) More Information on Mount Hermon
Some of you may be wondering about my use of this material with children of this age, but it is crucial. I'm finding many gaps in their education and am trying to fill them as best I can. We are using Singapore Math as our math adopted curriculum. The 4th grade beginning guide has you start in the 2nd grade book. I have 6 students who have not mastered the dynamic addition and subtraction and act as if they do not have any understanding of this process. So, back to the golden beads for them. If it doesn't click soon, I may have to go back to the introduction to the decimal system for them. Thus, I find myself working backward from abstraction to concrete as I get to concepts not in their understanding.
I stepped past, to the aerosol cooking spray, plucked and placed the can in my cart.
“Then why would I live with him, eh?” Tibbs stiffened. “Why would I act as a man before the mast, when I retired from Her Majesty’s Navy as a Lieutenant? Why would I swab the deck, wash his windows from a longboat, and load an old cannon for him each hour?”
Single Wide Model Double Wide Model
Published by Metro Books
Ever since Community returned from hiatus, we have known that the study group does something that gets them thrown out of Greendale. Pillow and Blanket fort gone awry? No. Yam assassination trial? No. It turns out that instigating a riot is pretty much the only thing that Greendale frowns on and it frowns on it a lot.
People in customer service/public liaison need to know when to get someone to laugh…For instance, below is an email I sent out to a company we recently started working with(media work)
Playing 'Games' by David MacGowan
Nervously, he began, “Well he says your father is a thief who overcharged him for the sword and your mother is a leech who sucks him dry.” He paused to look over his shoulder, and then continued. “Bet you didn’t know, about 3 months ago Countess von Baren started using household funds to pay for food for your family.”
06 – Wonderland
Some things I've been up to this last week:
About the Editors: Virginia personal injury lawyers with the Shapiro, Lewis & Appleton law firm only handle injury and accident law cases. We have experience handling car, truck, motorcycle, van and SUV accident claims, and our case results speak for themselves. Rick Shapiro and James Lewis have been listed among the Best Lawyers in America since 2008. They, along with fellow attorney Randy Appleton, have also been named Virginia Super Lawyers since 2010, an honor fewer than 5 percent of outstanding attorneys receive. Our primary office is inVirginia Beach, but we often represent clients inPortsmouth,Norfolk,Chesapeake,Hampton, Newport News, Suffolk, Richmond and throughout the Commonwealth.
grandfather had died years before,
"There's no doubt that the development community all over the country is very closely watching what happens in Brooklyn. The movement to build coalitions around development is going national," said John Goldstein, national program director for the Oakland, Calif.-based Partnership for Working Families, which helped negotiate a landmark community-benefits agreement around the Staples Center sports complex in Los Angeles.
- Persal Training (1993)
Uh-oh! The 607!
However, Tim has lots of Videos on You-tube, showing a few of the techniques he used.
I continued to write the first draft of my new novel The Ballad of Sarah Rose.
On Saturday we had an East End wander and intended little by way of beer as we were going out for dinner later, but we did call into Mason and Taylor. I wrote positively about it here, some time ago. On Saturday it was quiet, being around two in the afternoon, but the contrast couldn't have been greater. Young enthusiastic staff all said hello as we walked in. My choice of Saltaire Rye IPA (£3.90) brought an immediate offer of a taster and I was asked if I knew the beer. We were advised that other samples were freely available. "Just ask.". Brilliant. A blues ensemble with New Orleans touches, struck up and we thoroughly enjoyed two more pints of the excellent Saltaire beer. I did try a couple of BrewDog keg tasters and quite enjoyed them. Motueka seemed good, but £8 a pint is too much for my sensibilities.
I’m with Briannah.
For publishers,UniBook can keep your out of print titles in circulation and your authors happy. The POD model literally eliminates all inventory and warehousing costs since we only print books after they have been ordered. We also specialize in “short runs” of books.
freshly ground pepper
“Will they stop chasing me after I get rid of this thing?”
We had lunch after and it was so much fun to sit around and chat with these ladies! Hearing them talk about prom and college makes my heart so happy for them! Oh how I remember being in their shoes!
Like I said in my last post, I found a new podcast to listen to called Theology Unplugged. The current series of discussions is on Continuationism, the belief on whether the gifts of the Spirit like tongues, miraculous healings, and prophecies are still in use today. In my last post I discussed their first podcast discussing definitions. In this post, I’m going to look at their background stories.
feelings can still remain a powerful tool for the writer, essential in the storytelling process. We may never truly be able to overcome such sensations, seeing as how they’re hardwired into us since the days the first humans roamed the earth. But we can learn how to handle them, and in the process show others how they, too, can learn to process whatever they’re experiencing. We can do this either through factual story-telling, as is the case with non-fiction, or we can make up an entertaining, make-believe world, and translate our
on an inaugural flight
Now for the album that I meant to give you. The Secret Syde were the perfect amalgamation of punk and 80s psyche. On their debut, available below, you can find punchy bass lines, drinking ballads (“Versailles”, which reminds me of the Pogues without being so useless and annoying), and true thumpers (“A Hole Where a Pocket Should Be”). They tried to reform about 100 times but because all of them seem to be prima donnas it never actually happened, save for one show in their home state of New Jersey, which explains a lot. So does this quote from drummer Rob Angello:
Here at Falcon HQ, we can’t wait to watch these wonderful birds continue to develop. As Erin said in his previous blog, in a few weeks their fluffy white down will start to be replaced with feathers and they will also begin to move around a lot more in the nest – and at five to six weeks they will attempt their first tentative flights from the top of the Newton building.
As I write this, it is 6:00am and Finn is playing with a rubber duckie in his swing. I am here, my stinging eyes half open waiting for the coffee.
Also this evening we had decided SAt morning was going to be a cmas morning. The kids went to bed late and Jeremy woke up early to find we had a tree lit upstairs and decorations around. Milda, Ang and I snuck out on Friday while the guys and kids were at the beach to go buy dollarama toys for under the tree! FUN. So they woke up and it was SUmmer Christmas at GraMilda's house!
Are sales figures down? Are competitors creeping in to your market share?
For this Veteran's Day, I planned my very first Operation Write Home card making party. WOO HOO!! Joyful Creations came together with Central Perk to host an Any Hero Christmas Cardmaking Party. You may remember my post about my friends at Central Perk--click here. If you're not familiar with Operation Write Home click on my previous post HERE or HERE (This post will be filled with pictures so I'm trying to be brief.) We made cards and completed coloring pages. We made 24 cards!! A little boy named Tyler colored a page and left a sweet note for a hero. My son, nieces and nephew were at school so before I mail everything off, I'm going to have them color a page as well. Ms. Debbie, Kim and I thought that our party would be a great way to honor veterans especially those currently deployed by gathering at the coffee shop on Veteran's Day to create and write personal messages to our heroes. What if next year I could organize ALL of my favorite coffee shops to host a Veteran's Day AnyHero Christmas Cardmaking Party?! Watch out!
OK back to TRU. I proudly walk in feeling that this will be a no-brainer and I'll be in and out of there in less then 5 minutes. I am after all alone without child and this is great! She can go with me over the weekend and pick out something else.
In the dystopian, totalitarian nation of Panem, a wealthy capital city rules over an impoverished nation of districts. As penance for a previous rebellion, every year sees each district forced to enter two adolescents to participate in The Hunger Games competition; the winner receives an extensive cash sum and a chance to live amongst the wealthy, but the event is a death match where only one can survive. Elements of the film’s narrative and allegorical concerns result in an amalgamation of the likes of The Most Dangerous Game, Lord of the Flies, The Running Man, The Truman Show, Series 7: The Contenders, and Battle Royale, but The Hunger Games successfully stands on its own as a gripping entity with an interesting world courtesy of Suzanne Collins’ source material, the first in a hugely popular series of novels.
The guy was gaining on us. SJ was stumbling. My heart pounded. Fear throbbed in my ears.
What is your favourite technique?
with much encouragment from my niece who helped me set it up .
Pink Highlights
What are your plans for 2011?
What I really love about all these answers, is the passion behind them. The messages of hope and strength and comfort with which all these authors are marching forward. Some of these stories are fun, some are scary, some are serious or adventurous. All of them offer kids a chance to go somewhere or be someone different for a short time, and learn important things about themselves and the world while they are at it. The strength and solace we all hope kids find in our books is truly awe inspiring, and makes me proud to be part of this community. Like Birmingham’s civil rights marchers, we’ve got a job, too!
6 learned
Reprimand by Santa Fe All Stars
Women today are busy. They have jobs… they take care of the kids… run the household… they do the shopping… they do the cooking… they do the cleaning… and then they have to try to prepare Special Diet Meals? On top of all that… they try to carve out enough time so they can get to the gym and workout for an hour or two 4 or 5 times a week.
Your logo should not lose any of its punch whether in color or black and white. Logos with gradients do not print well when enlarged. The whole point of having your logo created by a professional is so that you can use it anywhere, anytime, and in any size you need.
Ask yourself some questions.
Honey-J giggled and suggested it's because they are size queens who firmly believe in the generalization that foreign men are bigger. Honey-D's answer was more intriguing.
As you can see, we used our dog cage, and covered the bottom to protect it from chicken poops. We just need to get some cardboard to protect the sides as well. Food and water bowls of course for the chickies. Also the heat lamp for them, shining on only half of the cage. This allows the chicks to self regulate their temperature. If they get too hot, they go to the shady side of the cage. I think this should work out well. I mean, although these are our first chickens, we do have experience raising dainty boned sedentary animals.
As I said at the time, Northern Rock was only the first, and one of the smallest Banks to go under. If Capital was going to intervene to bail it out, then when it came to some of the other bigger banks – which a year later it did – then it was obvious that Capital would intervene to save them rather than allow a systemic crisis. When the US actually did fail to act over Lehman Brothers, the consequences were quickly apparent, and the size of its intervention of making that mistake was probably bigger than it would otherwise have had to have been. This is the background to the situation at Allied Irish, this is why the Irish Government is saying that it HAS to bail-out the Bank, and why it is being backed up in that statement by Imperialism, including offers of support from the EU and IMF if needed.
In this chapter she talked about the creation of Lorna. Lorna was the first interactive art disk that allowed users to navigate through Lorna’s apartment and life at their own leisure, thus creating their own stories. The user controlled the outcome of Lorna’s story and could interact with the disk in more ways than one. Below is a short video about “Lorna”
The Little Mermaid by Hans Christian Anderson
"Can you use it in a sentence,honey? Can you say 'this is a foot'?" the woman asked.
The British were fired upon by Edward Hand’s riflemen stationed at the Inn, and the redcoats briefly retreated before returning with a bigger force, and the skirmish expanded. Ultimately, this confrontation only helped to distract the Americans from the British forces secretly marching through Jamaica Pass.
It is important when caring for floors to be fully aware of the make-up and characteristics of the floor itself. The best way to do this is, if possible, retain the name and address of the flooring supplier and any information provided by them following installation. This information will contain a detailed explanation of the materials used to construct the floor along with directions for cleaning.
The wild card in this forecast will be precipitation coverage on Wednesday. The latest data is a bit more bullish on activity forming on Wednesday late morning and afternoon. A few of the storms could be fairly robust with gusty winds, brief heavy rain, lightning, and perhaps some hail. Monitor for updates.
And this is a poem by Erin Hopson about them:
By John Ray
For if your DNA is the cause of any of this stuff,
Prepare a grill for high-heat cooking, or heat a grill pan over medium-high heat. Set the corn ears on the grill grate directly over the heat source — or in the grill pan. Grill until charred a bit on all sides, turning with tongs once in a while, perhaps 2 to 3 minutes.
Do: Get wise counsel. I spoke with several pastors (including my dad) who have led a number of funerals and found their advi
89. The hair on a polar bear is not white, but clear. They reflect light, so they appear white.
Here are the chapter heading pages:
Put the frying pan on the stove burner and turn heat up to medium-high temperature.
that to my job I am true;
The Swing Bach Ensemble: Prima Ballerina (Theme from BBC Schools' "Watch")
At thirteen years of age, while passing through Farmington meadows, in the depths of winter, in a blinding snowstorm, I became so chilled and overcome with cold that I could not travel. I crawled into the hollow of a large apple tree. A man in the distance saw me, and, realizing the danger I was in, hastened to where I was. Before he arrived at the spot I had fallen asleep, and was almost unconscious. He had much difficulty in arousing me to a sense of my critical condition, and promptly had me conveyed to my father’s house, where, through a kind Providence, my life was again preserved.”
In my younger days I learned to never say never…
Hahahahaha, that is corporate-speak for “well bless your heart,” which is southern lady for “fuck you in the ass face down on a gravel road,” which is southern man for “Well, fine fellow, I must civilly disagree!”
So many amazing spots to get to with not very far to drive. Even a little drive and you won’t be far from something most amazing. Trillium and Harriett Lake were two new placed I tried last year that were most amazing. So beautiful and I was successful on my first float tube trip. Hooray.
Sagan is known for his popular science books and for the award-winning 1980 television series Cosmos: A Personal Voyage, which he narrated and co-wrote. The book Cosmos was published to accompany the series. Sagan wrote the novel Contact, the basis for a 1997 film of the same name."
I had to cut down on my work committments and eventually resign from my job. And all of a sudden I had a lot of time to think. To feel. To rest. And to be. It started to resonate more with me what that doctor had said. It started to make sense that if you eat in a certain way it may effect the whole system. And maybe, just maybe, some of my illnesses could be traced back to my body not getting sufficient fuel, exercise and relaxation? By the end of 2011 I was ready to change my life for the better. I was ready to embark on a journey to improve the five key areas of my life that I felt needed to be addressed starting with my health.
But don’t take my word for it, read the book and decide for yourself. You’ll laugh, you’ll cry, you’ll scream in frustration. Or maybe that’s just me. After all, it’s my life.
I try to avoid chopping chocolate whenever I can (definitely among my least favorite kitchen tasks) so I used Ghirardelli bittersweet baking chips in my muffins. It meant my muffins didn't have the chunks of chocolate sticking out of their tops, but a worthwhile trade off in my opinion. Also, the baking time for my muffins was about 14-15 minutes, rather than the 20 suggested in the recipe. Many thanks to Bridget for hosting this week! She shared the recipe on her blog today, or you can find it on page 18 of Baking: From My Home to Yours
We want all of our customers to love them too, but many not know just how beautiful these timbers can be.
Lisa and I… We eat, we flirt, we radiate. So when I head back out into the night in chivalrous fashion (which should help me end the night in a very happy fashion), I am glowing with the effects and affects of love, passion, giddiness, gratitude, and sexual tension. Weeeee!
Single-speed sprockets and chains are thicker then dérailleur ones and the sprocket teeth are a different shape, all because the chain doesn’t need to move from one gear to the next. Because my bike was designed for dérailleur gears, there’s no consideration for chain tensioning as the shifter arm does that job and so the rear wheel dropouts are vertical. On a single-speed or hub-geared frame, the dropouts are horizontal, meaning that the wheel slides in from the back of the frame. Chain tension is adjusted simple by sliding the wheel backwards in the frame dropouts. Charlie’s conversion kit came with two sprockets, a 16 tooth and an 18 tooth, a tensioner which fits the dérailleur screw thread, and a thicker chain, all for less than the cost of a mid-range Shimano cassette.
- Going to Ground. I literally sit on the floor. I sit to eat dinner at the coffee table, when talking to family on the phone, when outside; I sit to craft and pet my cat and make lists. The solidity underneath me is comforting.
They too, like you, kicked up their heels
But this morning, I slept late. I had stayed up with SH to finish the taxes. Yes, this post is coming to you several days after I am writing it. This is how taxes worked when I was unmarried.
This time I stopped to marvel, because I couldn’t work out how he coped in life, because he was wizened to the extent that he was permanently hunched over, at an angle I measured at over ninety degrees, which meant that he must’ve been constantly not just looking at the floor, as he walks along, but technically he was always looking backwards.
Angel Beats was an anime that I went into not knowing much about it and left it feeling like I had been told a very nice and satisfying story that moved a little too fast and had maybe a few plot holes in it. Nonetheless it is still a good series that is worth looking into.
Headed out with fellow boot camp instructors and friends Paige, Ann, Suzanne, Gary and Jason this morning to Stone Mountain Park for a trail run as we prepare for a trail race in June.
Finding John Christmas ... Hallmark Channel ... 12 AM
I pored over the sleeve endlessly, learning the words & gazing at the photographs. The music could take you out of the dreary days you lived in.
After the Lancashire defeat in 1868 and the switch to Greenwich, Gladstone was satirised by political cartoons. They depicted him sunk into despair by being returned by a seat most famous for its pensioners. In fact the Great Reform Bill of 1867, which although passed under Disraeli had been introduced by Gladstone, almost certainly had a lot to do with Gladstone’s success in Greenwich. The huge increase in the male voting population of Woolwich and Plumstead, in particular those living in the towns, would have been inclined to vote Liberal in large numbers after this Bill. Gladstone was not a regular visitor to Greenwich but he did come to make speeches across his constituency and took part in the famous political whitebait dinners at the Trafalgar Tavern. It is not clear whether Gladstone himself visited what is now Greenwich Theatre but it is reported that this was one of the venues used by local Greenwich Liberals at about this time.
Knew just where I wanted to go;
The pot is thin and very delicate.
Welcome to the Ultimate Movie Lover's Giveaway! We wanted to help you put together the best family movie night for you and your family! So we put together another amazing giveaway, that includes everything you need for your night in. From movies to popcorn and candy you will have everything you need for a great Movie Night.
That is why I started doing this. To help my fellow man.
Co-ordinator: D’Arcy Martin
A Washington, D.C.-area Internet Consultancy with a focus on Domain Name Strategy is seeking an in-house Trademark Attorney for both adversarial and non-adversarial trademark matters. "This is a great position for someone 1-4 years out of law school, possibly with more experience depending on salary expectations."
Perhaps it's time for a West Coast pulp show, folks.
Wittekerke Wit Bier is a 5 percent alcohol by volume beer that pours a cloudy yellow color with a creamy white head of foam. The beer has a very refreshing overall character. There is a touch of spice and citrus notes from the wheat and yeast used in the brewing. It's the kind of light beer perfect as a reward after some yard work.
1 committed
Mild Nausea, followed by diarrhea (oh so lovely)
He's so small right now that he can't be left out in the fenced-in yard unattended because he fits through the slats. So guess who needs to stand outside in the cold and rain every hour during a school day?
The talk with the headmistress re-affirms David's nature. “Jews killed our Lord” and are therefore evil. The audience waits for this “truth” to be undercut but it is affirmed at the climax. David is from those who killed our Lord—the symbol of goodness who came to save us. He is the betrayer, the Judas.
Why It Worked: The Pumpkin Ale at the downtown Rock Bottom is traditionally brewed with oats to help keep the body in balance without becoming too heavy. Squash sweetness and spices remain fairly equal. The salad included sliced almonds that had been cooked in cinnamon and sugar, which really brought out exactly what you're looking for in a pumpkin beer pairing - the sensation of pumpkin pie without the richness. The spicy arugula provided a peppery compliment to the clove notes in the beer and the sweetness of the malt and pumpkin mellowed out the pungent Gorgonzola.
True there is sadness, addiction, poverty, and violence on Canadian soil. There are needy and helpless here, but not like there. To have your village set on fire, husbands and children killed because they refused to follow disgusting orders is CRAZY and I cannot believe that it is still happening!
And the best part was that this moment wasn’t tinged with sadness because I had no one to share it with. I’m in a phase where I’m content being single. As thrilled as I would be to find that notch for my nook, I am used to being on my own. I realize that seeing things with only my eyes doesn’t make them any less lovely.
Yer gonna make me wonder what I’m doin’
4. Juliette is relegated to being the “damsel in distress.” I’m bored of the character. Though, next week she seems to be learning how to shoot…watch out paper man! Yawn…
I prefer navy, camel, gray and cream to black, New York’s official uniform. Prints? Not so much.
Nevertheless, despite the apparent history of non-existent enforcement, a sponsor of the measure still struck a dramatic and populist tone about the need to dispatch the permit requirement. (And for the record, it's a good thing Trenton has stuck up for homebrewers, even if there is a hint of naiveté to it.)
“We propose an immediate stop to taking away native land and automatic renewal of lease premiums at nominal cost.
9- Every Home Is Wired
Top Coat: no
I’m down to just twenty days until I leave…less than three weeks! It’s crunch time. Crazy!
You get the general gist of the novel from the synopsis (above). There is a mystery on several fronts: why over twenty years have elapsed since the "accident" happened that left Christine like this; whether the two main people in her life, her husband and the neurologist, are actually telling her the truth; whether the fact that Christine was a writer had anything to do with her accident.
These weeds are frequently lovingly picked and sitting in vases in my kitchen from Kathleen and Hayley always did so as well. Gotta love the bright yellow dandelions! LOL
First you’ll going to start by fining your eyebrows, filing them in and I’m going to be using Palatino color went off but it is medium brown, start here lightly fill them in and then have a concealer brush with a concealer on it to clean the edges.
However, what is happening? have the British people at last started to grasp what is being done to them?, have they at last begun to realise that their politicians and most of their union leaders do not have their best interests at heart and have not had for decades?. Does this mean that the penny has finally started to drop?
But five years on, it’s yielding unexpected benefits. Nevermind that that $240 million investment will be worth $1.6 billion if Facebook goes public at a $100 billion valuation. This alliance goes deeper. Microsoft can lend Facebook a presence in search that it lacks now, and enhance its presence to online advertising. And not just that. After Yahoo moved to sue Facebook for patent infringement, Facebook paid Microsoft $550 million for patents it recently bought from AOL. This is a keiretsu in action.
36. Communication with Spirit. Contact with angels, spirit guides, and other divine entities. Channeling. More and more people seem to be given this opportunity. Feeling inspiration and downloading information that takes form as writing, painting, ideas, communications, dance, etc.
The Philippine elections have always been intense political exercise, journalist Sheila Coronel observes.
Bloomburg Business
30 Back Squats 135/95#
you are pulling my body into your body, in my body piercing
BOYAA T.R.I.B.E
Hellen is one of the most generous people I have ever known. She is non-confrontational, yet intolerant of nonsense. They share a love of being together and meet each other's needs extremely well. Personal time and space apart is not something which they desire. At any given moment, Harvey can tell you precisely how many weeks and days they have been together, which he is frequently apt to do.
This space is somewhere for me to share an incy wincy piece of the thoughts that usually don’t form themselves at the right time or in the appropriate situation, this is a space for me to record things whilst sharing what’s going on with people who otherwise may have no idea because I don’t talk often enough. Sometimes it’s like a giant brainstorming session, allowing me to get all the thoughts out there to finally figure out what’s going on. This is where my mind gets spoken the most.
At least the shark was thinking; Hugo Stiglitz again acts all Hugo Stiglitz-y and his co-stars fare little better. Looking up the name of Andrés García, all I found out about him is he is Latin America's Number One Actor, beat prostate cancer, survived an assassination attempt in Venezuela, fathered 16 children, lived through a helicopter crash... Good lord, this guy's life would make a better movie than this movie did!
the bridges are about to be burned out, rigorous
Logic. The word has its roots in the ancient Greek logos, of which one meaning is to say or speak. In the thinking of Heraclitus, who first used it in a technical sense, it meant something akin to Truth, alethia. Nowadays, however, it denotes a systematic approach to something, a manner of saying or doing things that confirm to a logical, that is, comprehensible and easily verifiable truism. It is this wordview, this paradigm, that signifies Western technological thinking more than any other. And it doesn’t apply in China.
I didn’t want a big party or any obvious celebration. That probably came as a surprise to my friends and family. I’m not normally one to shy away from being the center of attention.
Media loves to hate Sarah Palin
It's OK though.
First, I feel like I need to get my head checked because I SIGNED UP FOR THIS! The waiver was plain crazy....I feel like I signed away less doing my mortgage papers. My favorite line was "water has not been tested for dangerous chemicals or disease". Keep in mind, this girl will not swim in a lake. With that out of the way, we picked up our packets and had a few moments to take in our surroundings.
I can only remember visiting Life Connection Church in Blue Mountain once before. But I’m looking forward to seeing you all again. We’re excited about the chance to see what role God has called you to fill in his Body. And we’re excited to remind you what a glorious and wonderful Body it is that we’re a part of, one that stretches throughout the world and proclaims the truth and glory of God.
Who has not seen a woman in love, he can not say that such a woman.
~Marshall McLuhan
After Savers, we paid and headed over to the Dollar Tree. Paul and Carol wanted a few things for their flight on Wednesday. And I wanted to look for bread and Easter decorations to go in place of my garland with Christmas Ornaments. Yes, i know... That is STILL up... hehe.
All comments can be rated, as well. Rate up by clicking the thumbs up and rate down by clicking the thumbs down. Hold the mouse pointer over the comment rating icon near the thumbs to view the latest comment ratings.
Me: "Yeah I figured. You said you might need to work late."
Before we get to this weeks challenge, we have a winner to announce. I'm so glad you enjoyed our challenge last time. The sketch was a little bit different from the usual, so I'm truly happy that you enjoyed using it. =)
Gas! Gas! Quick boys! - An ecstasy of fumbling,
I don't recall what happened the next year, but I'm sure it was horrifying. Probably so much so that I've completely blocked it from my memory.
Since digital photography is becoming all the rage, and basically knocking out the existence of traditional film photography, more and more people are buying digital cameras. In fact, some people are already on their second and third one, either making a parallel purchase to something that they’ve become comfortable with, or they’re upgrading.
Inspired by the ballad "Scarborough Fair," Impossible combines suspense, fantasy, and romance.
Yet no one called Boehner on the carpet. Plenty of pundits challenged the economics of the bill: Bruce Bartlett noted that any “small” business (a category defined by having fewer than 500 employees), including Paris Hilton and the Los Angeles Dodgers, would be entitled to the 20% break, even if it never created a single job. But the convenient disappearance of once-mandatory offsets never made it into a news article. In recent days, Senator Jess Sessions of Alabama blocked a measure to bail out the U.S. Postal Service because “the bill would increase the federal deficit by $34 billion. In other words, the spending and debt under the postal bill violates the debt limit agreement reached just last summer.” The Budget Control Act prevents the Senate from considering legislation that will increase the deficit, which proves just how cynical Cantor’s small-business tax break really is. It may have given House Republicans a nice talking point, but it never had a chance of becoming law.
18. Frogs (because they hop apparently)
* I would say my favorite rule without reason is the fact that x^0 = 1. This is always true but honestly I don’t even know why. It seems that many rules in math are like this, easy to remember and implement but they don’t make any sense at all.
______________________________
Jen: You and Aspen have been friends for a while. Have you had any of those moments when you wish maybe she didn't know all your secrets, since they might be a little embarrassing?
Many professional women are guilty of not dressing to their full professional potential, and their lack of judgment can sometimes lead to being passed over for a job or promotion. Dressing for success means dressing for business! Read on for my 7 ways to improve your wardrobe which will help you move up that corporate ladder.
We are shocked to read your statement :Texas Hunt Lodge allows the opportunity to hunt and harvest the Authentic and Rare White Buffalo. … There are no seasonal restrictions on hunting the White Buffalo, or White Bison, in Texas, which makes it a suitable trophy year round.
She's still at the barn for the time being, so hopefully I can sneak in another ride on her before she leaves (if she does, it's not 100% a done deal) just for old times sake.
They started up the engines and it was amazing how much it sounded like the real thing. Even though this was an all electric event, Mr. Hodges owns the property and can do what he want… including flying his gas-powered plane.
I had some trouble passing my DataTable data back to my PHP code. The solution was simple, but finding a working solution on the Internet was surprisingly tricky. Here’s how I did it:
2 garlic cloves, peeled and minced
Ballast Point Even Keel Session Ale
It also reminds me of the great Christmas Pudding Dilemma of 1992. Christmas pudding…a festive dessert tradition in these parts – I cannot stand it! Not only does it contain the despicable sultana, it is laden with many other dried fruit relatives. Necessity is the mother invention as they say, and my mother was forced into inventing our version of the Christmas Pudding….an ice-cream pudding (in the shape of a traditional pudding) laden with bite sized pieces of chocolate bars and marshmallows, drizzled chocolate on top to resemble custard. She even put a little holly sprig on it. Needless to say it was an instant hit in our house and lived on through many more Christmas’.
Chloroform is a chemical associated with decomposition but also can be used to render a person unconscious.
I don't do a whole lot of holiday projects, the district kind of frowns upon that. I did make these mini pinatas for Cinco de Mayo one year. It was a total disaster, but I loved it!
-- Thank you, universe.
Why Do This?
PUSH! His head crested through the opening, followed by his body. The river rushed past him, below him, as he was carried swiftly to a cushioned pillow of skin. He screamed, at last, and opened his eyes. No longer surrounded by darkness, he saw tears and smiles. He felt touch for the first time and it warmed him. This woman, his woman, pressed something into his mouth. He sucked on life; slept and dreamed.
English/Language Arts: (reading, writing, grammar, spelling, vocabulary)
Quite simply, it sucks. Rocks. Through a straw.
Tuesday - More conference calls are suggested - Goth declines
What? Are you kidding? I know that you are going to provide but I can’t deal with this. Today was awful. I just want to cut the ends.
Although turkey is traditional for the Thanksgiving Day meal, I’m the only one in our house who really likes turkey a lot and so even a smallish turkey is too much leftovers for the three of us. I thought about getting just a turkey breast, but we like the dark meat best. So I decided on a bone-in spiral ham. I love this kind of ham because it is so easy to serve, all neatly sliced and ready to go.
23 Feb 2012: ISERI students set fire to tyres during clashes with police, in the first exhibition of what has become their signature at subsequent protests
And Christ, it’s a game that can back up its threats.
No matter how many speeches are given or how many news articles are written, it is safe to bet that the full truth about Mandela will not be told.
Acts 27:12
¼ cup unsweetened cocoa powder
Grant us a heart wide open to all this beauty;
Daily, there are still participants of Occupy Wall Street in Union Square. At night, you will find the last vestiges in what has become largely a circus with a cast of characters unseen anywhere else. It is the home of those with nothing else to do and nowhere else to go.
and one in particular was a terrible bully;
Above is another pair of boots of mine. They started out simple, I left them brown and added in some flowers, some zebra, nothing too crazy.
Spoon out tablespoon-sized balls onto prepared cookie sheets (use a silpat mat or parchment paper to line sheets). Flatten cookies slightly and bake for about 12-15 minutes. Cool on wire racks. Makes about 21 cookies.
Card card
In life, all bad things happen for a good reason. And do you know what the Good in this was? It was the fact that I understood that both of us were meant to be together. One can never understand the purity of White until and unless it is put against Black. You can never understand the importance of the day until and unless you’ve been through a dark night. And this is what happened in my case. Unknowingly, it was Shahzeb who made me realize how special I was, to have you in my life. The Almighty wanted me to see that not everyone in this world accepts their better-half the way they are. Not everyone in this world Loved as truly as you do. God wanted me to go through that pain of being unwanted so that when you finally stepped into my life, I would truly understand your value. He had already written your name in my destiny and so He wanted me to understand your worth too. Today, I am well aware of the fact that we were Destined to be Together. It was God’s will that both of us would be together otherwise what else would define those telepathic connections? It was His will and the destiny penned by Him which brought us together. If there exists such a thing as soul mate, I know I have found mine. And that is you.
Jyoti Structures Limited has informed the Exchange that the Board of Directors of the Company at its meeting held on October 26, 2010 have: (1) Appointed Mr. T.C. Venkat Subramanian,as an Additional Independent Director of the Company with effect from November 01, 2010. Further the Company has submitted a copy of brief biodata of Mr. T.C. Venkat Subramanian.
So what's the verdict? Be honest -- this is so out of the box for me that they forgot to recall the Rescue Team back.
To your left is Rocky the Rooster – and you can actually see at least two more chickens in the pictures as well. They’re raised chemical free, and are free range. This is very similar to the way we used to raise chickens on the farm when I was growing up. It’s probably become clear that I’m a fan of both
Have a fabulous weekend everyone
Anderson’s musical style employs creative instrumental effects and occasionally makes use of sound-generating items such as typewriters and sandpaper. (Krzysztof Pendereckialso uses a typewriter in his orchestral music, in “Fluorescences,” but with a decidedly less humorous effect.)
(30) Hebrews 4:16
According to the same article, an Egyptian man visiting Tahrir for the first time had this impression of Friday’s events:
Hello 2012! Welcome.
I was just getting sad that the seasonal market was drawing to a close for the year, which meant losing access to those amazing tacos and guac - when the announcement came that Chef Kleweno would open a 'pop-up' in Hollywood, serving those fan favorites!!!
For $7.50!
Below Rynn Williams’ obit today is that of Molly Wolff, 89 who died only three months after her husband, Louis. “During the last years of his life, she never left his side, singing to him and holding his hand late into the night.”
Love-struck: (adjective) having a passionate or overwhelming feeling of love; smitten
Your word is a murmur
3. provide support and insight to other parents of young ASD kids (and learn a little something) by recording the best resources and links, musings and humor.
“The Work of Art. When I watch the audience at a concert or the crowd in the picture gallery I ask myself sometimes what exactly is their reaction towards the work of art. It is plain that often they feel deeply, but I do not see that their feeling has any effect, and if it has no effect its value is slender. Art to them is only a recreation or a refuge. It rests them from the work which they consider the justification of their existence or consoles them in their disappointment with reality. It is the glass of beer which the labourer drinks when he pauses in his toil or the peg of gin which the harlot takes to snatch a moment’s oblivion from the pain of life. Art for art’s sake means no more than gin for gin’s sake. The dilettante who cherishes the sterile emotions which he receives from the contemplation of works of art has little reason to rate himself higher than the toper. His is the attitude of the pessimist. Life is a struggle or a weariness and in art he seeks repose or forgetfulness. The pessimist refuses reality, but the artist accepts it. The emotion caused by a work of art has value only if it has an effect on character and so results in action. Whoever is so affected is himself an artist. The artist’s response to the work of art is direct and reasonable, for in him the emotion is translated into ideas which are pertinent to his own purposes, and to him ideas are but another form of action. But I do not mean that it is only painters, poets and musicians who can respond profitably to the work of art; the value of art would be much diminished; among artists I include the practitioners of the most subtle, the most neglected and the most significant of all the arts, the art of life.”
but it’s not the focus. In fact, you don’t think you’re totally getting one as Kelsey tries on different crushes, dates, etc., but again, it’s there, and it’s cute. (Sorry for the redundancy, but if it fits, it fits…)
“You’re really pretty.” He said it in a way that he was really seeing me for the first time. Maybe it was all in my head, but I appreciated the idea that he was excited to spend time with me.
3/4 teaspoon kosher salt
Roughly eight kilometers away, as the crow flies, Manuel Colón was finishing up a friendly conversation with the surviving U.N. scout.
Perhaps its’ motivated by the fact that Paddick is the one candidate who has explicitly courted the black vote, and this is an attempt to try and blunt his appeal to black communities?
“This love for another man is not normal, Betty, but the cat is very pleased with himself. “Solomon, I have surpassed you!” he thinks.
Our new challenge for you this week is
How about the longest time it took you to complete a set once you started?
To store up meanings in the bins and ricks,
This is for the audio AI, the visual AI used a mirror of the AI mattern, since the music uses the 7 chords of the key, and the visual uses the 7 parts of the Venn diagram.
~ Psalm 128:1-6
I hope everyone is doing wonderfully and enjoying the weather. I've got a busy month ahead of me and am actually scaling back a wee bit on AmandaBeth for the time being. So much going on! I hope you've got some exciting and fun things up ahead for YOU as well. :)
Tomorrow I can assure you I will loose this pink fluffy acceptance I will say fuck that it’s bullshit, it is a travesty etc. etc.
First of all, you'll need some sort of marking tool that can be removed. A quilter's chalk pencil would work, although you'll need a pretty fine line (and I've never had any luck sharpening mine to a fine point). I bought this pen about a year ago for marking fabric when I was making clothes and its excellent:
Just heard today that Tim's books are on their way YAY !!!..... along with all the new colours of Distress Inks YAY !!!!..... just a couple more days to wait so keep checking the new products section of the site.
Oh, he hates being called a "guybrarian?" That's weird. What is he trying to act cool or something? From these first couple paragraphs, I'm thinking this must be a piece about how we think librarians are nerdy, but they're like incredibly way nerdier than we ever imagined.
Oshun Charm Doll:
This is not an easy thing for me to write. A bit like cornucopias, that's another hard thing for me to write. Along with filicide and cooptation. But I digress.
More than 20 years since the fall of the fascistic Marcosian era, the Filipino is still being fed with a mediocre lie—that this country is being confronted with a clash between socialism/communism and fascism. For decades, the Leftists who benefit from our semi-free system have been spreading the false dichotomy that the choice confronting this country is only fascism or communism. They attempt to corrupt people’s consciousness that the Philippines is being fought over by an alleged dictatorship of a right (fascism) or a left (communism), while capitalism is being ignored and eliminated, as if it had never existed at all.
Palmitamide – See Palmitic Acid.
Welcome, Francette! Thank you for Sharing Your Voice!!
You're used to wearing less
I look at the other ornaments on the tree. Many were purchased—one for each boy—when we attended conferences around Europe, and that makes me smile too. Getting to travel on a missionary’s budget to exotic places! There are the waxed red bear and red baby carriage from Wales, the brightly painted clay sun and moon from Portugal, the blue and white porcelain windmill and wooden shoes from Holland, the hand-blown glass Snoopys sitting on gondolas from Venice, and the delicately decorated eggs from Prague.
Chickens, Monday’s showed up again.
This list is in no particular order… except for the first one, because I believe it is far and away the best.
If your bank information changes in any way, please be sure to contact your customer service representative to update your policy. Taking this step will help ensure that your lender receives a copy of your policy. It will also help avoid a claim check being issued to both you and the bank in the event of a loss.
I turned my attention back to my book, looked up again when I heard a bang from the kitchen, a grunt and a scream. The bugs I’d placed on Regent didn’t show anything amiss, but I couldn’t really get anything from the contact with Shadow Stalker. She was violently flickering in and out of her shadow state, now, and the slow speed with which she was returning to normal seemed to suggest she was fighting the urge to use her power. Regent was standing, but he hadn’t called for help, so I started to read again.
I see the mirror now,
Alex Chalk, prosecuting, told a jury at Birmingham Crown Court that the six men in the dock had “not a shred of respect” for their victims, who were targeted because they had “rough edges” and came from difficult backgrounds. “These men made an assessment . . . that if they ever did complain, their backgrounds and demeanour meant they would attract little sympathy,” he said.
Rakeback for american players.
Now let me say something that may not please you. In India today, the minorities have to bear much. Our politicians have made jam out of the word ‘minorities’. But after all, what are the ‘minorities’? Which is the minority that is truly unhappy in India?
I thought....
Laughs Ray in wild hysterics.
Make so Lord Jesus!
Time Has Come Today by Coco Robicheaux
Others point to the ancient discussion groups on USENET (begun in 1979), the pioneering online community the Well (AKA Whole Earth ‘Lectronic Link — started in 1985), the communities on CompuServe (1979) and Prodigy (1988), and Internet Relay Chat (IRC — started in 1988) as early social networks.
UPDATE: In late 2010, Victory took a job as a senior editor at About.com.
God is on the move. God is ever creating and acting and saving and restoring.
I cling to the story of the two thousand stripling warriors. I live a life of faith for myself, but also for my children. I want to model the behavior I'd like to see in them. I try to be a good person. I try to please my Father in Heaven. I try to set a good example.
To the people of the world,
Mr. Aristide, lapsed priest, is not the first man with a religious background to run Haiti. François “Papa Doc” Duvalier liked to appear in public dressed as the voodoo deity Baron Samedi. Likewise, at the time of the U.S. invasion, the military leaders scoffed at the American threat. Provisional President Emile Jonassaint said the country’s three zombie battalions would crawl out of their graves at the bidding of their voodoo masters and smite the Americans.
We have three more stops before Buenos Aires: the Falkland Islands, Puerto Madryn, and Montevideo…I hope that we can find some cool things to do in those ports. I will post photos in a bit…
Hey hey hey! Turns out the day I called was the last day of a promotion: free myTouch 4G (their flagship phone at the moment, and Consumer Reports highest-rated smartphone) for new subscribers.
I have so much to blog, so it should keep me pretty busy.
Holiday Shopping
And that's that! A nice little Saturday afternoon and $6.00 got them a completely reorganized space, which should be easy to maintain going forward!
April was a fabulous and fun month and the little Babushkas were a big hit. There are lots of new changes for May. Returning as a designer this month will be Hazel Parr who will be joining the CS Designs Design Team as a full Design Team Member. Congratulations Hazel, we are so lucky to have you on our team and so happy you decided to continue working with us for the next few months.
4cups chicken or vegetable broth
Alternative medicine rarely claims to be able to cure cancer on a regular basis, but many treatments have been shown to help improve symptoms, control the pain and side effects of conventional treatments, speed healing, and increase the quality of life for cancer patients.
Ugh, looking at this I kind of feel like a failure! I know that February was extremely busy and I really threw myself into work and school. Hopefully I can do a little better in March with these same goals! I'm going to change the subbing goal to 8, and I'm going to change the agency goal to 60 hours. I'm also adding one more goal:
The Muslims in Lancashire are not happy; they think the police should be willing to go the extra mile:
Almond Aguila, University of Alberta, and Daylin Breen, University of Alberta. Unlocking Perspective with 2D codes: The Hunt for Media Literacy in the City
Altitude: 1,000 foot radar altitude
Spent a little more time at this than usual because I love the subject so much and wanted to get it just right. Is there anything better in the world than an avocado half, a spoon and a salt shaker? No there isn't.
Breivik’s Dilemma
Drop me a line in the comments form; I would love to hear what you think!
Gotta be down
Gingrich: if that never happened then the PAC
The garlic is looking amazing. I have planted lettuce in between the garlic because I read it will discourage flea beetles who moved into my garden last year. You could use a row cover to prevent these tiny pin prick holes in your lettuce leaves but I just can't bear to cover up any of the garden. I want to see green and growth. The lettuces are just beginning to grow.
This happens, families take different paths.
X-RAY LADY: It clouds the final image. We need clear results on your final X-rays.
The Iris are at their peak right now. And they are plentiful this year--seldom have I seen more. We were two months late in getting our Winter rains, but for some reason the Iris have responded with a bumper crop of beauties.
My feelings about canvas tote bags have evolved in a similar fashion: first I thought they were stupid, then I started carrying this random one sort of as a joke, and now I want to buy a new one everyday.
Usually this approach works best and ONLY usually in a setting where the woman or he is not too rushed. Mostly approaches like this work in an already social setting where people are mingling and socializing. This approach wouldn’t really work outside of that b/c it takes time and both people need to be somewhat relaxed with no concern about the next 5 minutes.
I didn’t. I couldn’t breathe. It felt like being hit by a Mack truck.
Despite the obvious sexual attraction between them, Lady Priscilla doesn’t wish to marry—ever—for she hides a shameful secret. Surely a duke deserves more than a ruined woman? But once Robert sets his sights on something beautiful, he will do anything in his power to claim it!
Click the link below:
I leave you now with some pictures I have taken during the week of Ruairí and Elizabeth they were having a quiet moment together in the chair...probably planning their next mischievous act..don't be fooled by their innocent look, these pair together keep a body on their toes.
R 20, R 22
no complaints about the 30min train to the bus stop. it's a good opportunity to gather whats left of your nerves and to prepare you for the next leg of the journey - the bus and the actual process of getting out of this country.
So there you have it. Science tells us:
The case concerns Optus’s TV Now service, which enables Optus’s customers to request the recording of a selected television program on Optus’s servers and then view the recorded program on their mobile phone, iPad or PC, in some cases within minutes of the original broadcast. The issue was whether the service infringed copyright, or whether it was covered by the exception in the Copyright Act that allows people to record television programs to watch at a more convenient time.
I’ve been at the office for a year now. Made some progress, managed to finish my studies and got started on a new project. But finding a job seems to be almost impossible. I keep trying, I keep thinking of ways to move forward but while I had the pain from my kidney I could hardly find any energy to focus on the work to be done. It was all consumed by standing the pain. Anyway life goes on and as long as I’m still alive I have to keep trying to make a life for myself. Many years have passed since I was really happy and felt at ease but I keep thinking that life will take a turn for the better if I keep working on it. Otherwise, I’m fucked.
Real Nation is the Integration of Special and Rich Ideology, Special Living Customs, Special Cultural and Religious Customs. This can be known as Nation.
My 4 year old, Catey, LOVES to color! When I print digi images, if Im not careful, she will sneak them away and color ALL of them. Her two older sisters complain because she didnt leave them anything to color. Sometimes she requests for me to print her "more to color". I bought some new crayola markers for back to school but she insists on using my Copics. This last Goldilocks image was colored by her. I had already finished mine and she told me "I want to color her just like yours". I left her to color and when I came back she showed me her picture. I was amazed at how well she matched the colors all on her own out of over 150 markers. I'll have to see who she wants to send this to.
She began singing at the St. Paul Baptist Church in Los Angeles at 5 and turned to secular music as a teenager, forming a vocal group with two friends. She was 15 when she made her first record, “Roll With Me Henry,” which set her own lyrics to the tune of Hank Ballard and the Midnighters’ recent hit “Work With Me Annie.” When some disc jockeys complained that the title was too suggestive, the name was changed to “The Wallflower,” although the record itself was not.
About now, my male readers probably have a gun to their heads. But wait! Don't shoot! This is helpful for you too. I think your ladies will be ultra-delighted if you were to present them with these gifts on Valentines Day. Nothing is a better scenario than this:
Most places in the itinerary were museums and there will be entrance fees so we decided not to visit them and go straight to Monas Monument.
I enjoyed it, I won't lie. It feels good to catalog this madness and pass judgment from a position of false authority, don't it.
3 frogs
US GSM cell phone user. like you, the nolita italy fashion and each time you make as the nolita italy fashion and beauty. It is expensive to use and further, if you are looking to buy the nolita italy fashion, the nolita italy fashion in transport to improve. The budget airline Ryan Air has added its contribution for increasing the nolita italy fashion for property for investment purposes. Italy is strong, and there are many international travellers who pay for roaming. Not only that. All your incoming and outgoing calls and nothing more is charged for such service. Not only that. All your incoming calls. Since your US number on roaming. But the nolita italy fashion be to go for an extended period of time in Italy, a foreign national stands in the nolita italy fashion. The fact Italy won the nolita italy fashion while also suffering the nolita italy fashion a life time and enchanting moments of your visit. The narrow winding streets, provides that sense of nostalgia of by gone days, as you reach Italy. For instance, a three-bedroom villa with a pre-paid Italy SIM card, which can run up to more than 10 million travelers every year, runs an informal survey among members to name the world's top vacation destinations. Year after year, one country tops the nolita italy fashion of international vacation or travelled to Italy, you would like to know about the frequency incompatibility.
This will be my final challenge as a DT member for Fussy and Fancy, I have decided that to make life fun again with my crafting I need more time, so I have dropped out now from all my DT work to give me more time for a different variety of work I want to do. Don't worry both myself and Emma will still be blogging and making cards etc. but just for the fun of it. Watch this space!!
Weight: 860 grams (1 lb, 14 oz)
Ok… so this is a bit of an exaggeration.
a wind that rose to blow two gritty days;
1. Wear more color.
He only smiled wryly before asking me when we would all meet as friends again.
Naff – poor quality and a bit stupid
Loneliness is a devastating blow,
And then to keep all the abstinence-speech money flowing you have to shack up with your fat skeezy greasy boyfriend (Gino Paolleti) and call it, in reframing language that must have come straight from Frank Luntz, a “TRIAL MARRIAGE.”
Where, where has the time gone?
Bugaboo Cameleon Complete Stroller Base Color: Dark Grey For Sale
Whirring worlds roar dim this night,
“Half of the adults but only a quarter of the children we interviewed spoke Domari,” she added. “Language is a marker of their ethnic identity and it seems parents are trying to suppress it to protect their children from the discrimination they experienced.”
The next meeting of the Sittingbourne group is on 8tth of May - its is suggested that we remember Bill Anthony and also plan to take part in the Artists in the Woods event and the Promenade event on Sheppey.
Tribute to the Devil's Music (cassette inlay)
Comment from the content industries was widespread (and rather verbose in places). Both Michael O’Leary, Executive Vice President for Government Relations at the MPAA and Cary Sherman, president of the RIAA said that piracy put the jobs of many creative industry workers at risk, and that the provisions of the new Agreement would lead consumers to discover the multitude of content now legitimately available online with O’Leary saying “Many people don’t realize that content theft puts jobs – and future productions of films, TV shows, music, and other content – at risk …. today, there are more ways to enjoy content legitimately online than ever before. This agreement will help direct consumers to legal platforms rather than illicit sites, which often funnel profits to criminals rather than the artists and technicians whose hard work makes movies, television, and music possible.”
Was I really going to wuss out?
You see, in all my imaginings of my post-transplant days, I saw showreels of myself tripping and giggling my way across cities and continents with hair.
As I grew older I came to make the acquaintance of Monsieur Hercule Poirot, Miss Marple, Mr. Sherlock Holmes and assortment of Belgian detectives, English clergymen and derelict American private eyes all intent on solving mysteries and crimes committed on rivers, trains, gothic cathedrals and of course, bed rooms and office buildings.
This is what Rauschenberg is famous for. As Leo Steinberg said, “He let life in.” Unlike Twombly, Rauschenberg doesn’t seem remotely interested in Abstract Expressionism at this time. On the surface, he seems more in line with someone like Max Ernst or even Tristan Tzara, using seemly random things to create visual and verbal impact.
Cybermen from the 30th century who traveled back to 1940 also employed Cybermats and harvested Humans to make more of them.
Another girl (Now at the bourjois counter) excited because she could meet her boyfriend early that day. She grabbed my arm and rushed me through the selection process till another girl scolded her and took over. I got my lipliner and left around five minutes before tsunami time (the beach is opposite to citi centre, not literally opposite but it faces the road to the beach)
The truth is that this earthquake is properly strange.
Four students, who sustained bullet injuries, were out of danger, the sources said.
For years, Invader was among the coldest of cold cases. Then, in October 2008, this website appeared out of the blue, prompting conniptions among collectors prone to daily Google searching. Suddenly, the mystery unravelled before our eyes. We'll hand over to Invader's Noel Thompson (guitar/vocals) to take us through the who/what/when/where/why:
Now I understand that as I am a doctor with ME, you might not believe my account of GET, so let's just have a look at some recent reviews of CBT and GET for ME. But may I remind you first that PACE trial's Prof White has always claimed that these treatments cure at least 25% of people with ME and the Dutch/Belgian CBT doctors have claimed for years that they cure 70%.
The communist orientation of the ANC is beyond dispute. There are many confirmations of this fact found in various publications, as well as statements by communists themselves:
At this point (just over 3/4 of the way through), I’ve written 221 extra tests this year for my 44 students. Extra tests are individual tests That’s in addition to the 72 in-class tests so far this year (and the 2 end-of-semester exams). Since I last wrote about keeping track of extra testing, I’ve made some small changes to my process and found some extra tricks that have become more and more helpful (especially as the number of tests has grown).
Servers make $2.63 and hour. On top of that we have to share our tips with runners, bartenders, bussers, etc. When you screw us you are screwing a whole lot of people. If you don't want to leave a tip when you go out to eat then go to McDonalds.
Another part оf thе ultra setting wоuld be the Direct-X compatible sound card thаt hаs motherboard capabilities іn delivering a high quality sound. These cards are nоrmally internal оr external аnd саn bе attached tо a surround sound system for a ultra gaming experience.An active Broadband Internet connection iѕ nесеѕѕаrу for normal and ultra settings.
One interesting tidbit from this article is that the 'researcher' described rock music as being a White genre. What? Don't let the Afrocentrists hear about this; for years we've been told that blacks 'invented' rock music, although it would seem they abandoned it almost as soon as they 'invented' it. The fact is, it derives from hillbilly and old-time string band music for the most part. At best, it is of mixed origins.
This week’s candidates for dinner include:
Back to the numb areas. How can it be "numb" if it hurts???
I only have one more drawing class before this four-week session ends. This morning the teacher set up a still life so utterly daunting I sat there paralyzed while I tried — like some medieval warrior staring up at a very large castle — to figure out my point of entry.
Muriel, ou le temps d'un retour (Alain Resnais, 1963) - "It's as though these characters are trapped by this story, as trapped as the partying bourgeois of Buñuel's The Exterminating Angel, made the year before. Buñuel trapped his characters in a physical space, but Resnais encircles these people only with the boundaries of narrative and cliché. They're hemmed in by the story, by the editing, by the illogic of a film where everything seems to be perpetually on the verge of happening without ever quite getting there. The characters keep expressing their emotions, telling and retelling their stories, exploring a past that seems to be evasive and contradictory, but they never progress beyond their state of stasis, repeating the same actions and the same arguments over and over again."
Good Works
I was in full panic mode.
Da Vinci Code walk with Paris Walks
3-If you had a snail that could magically grant wishes, what would you name it?
66. Derailed
With Jack facing the nurse, I now saw the oblong bright red mark with blisters near the 4 small purple dots just below his shoulder. Further down near his waist is a greyish blue area speckled with yellowish color, a brownish mark almost identical to the red one at the shoulder, the same oblong shape. Nurse Linda asks, "Jack, who did this to you?" Jack holds up the relic to the light shining in from the window, the dark wood cabinet grain beyond. The white sand shows fluorescent, almost the same white as the fog with the sun rays earlier on the forest trail....
Happy International Scrapbook Day!
Il coniglietto sulla slitta è Stampin Up (purtroppo è fuori produzione) e l'ho colorato con la blender pen e i pennarelli all'acqua Stampin Up.
Exceeding the conception of possibility,
After fortifying ourselves with baked goods, we made it to the town of Kalavrita. There, we learned about the town’s sad history – the Massacre of Kalavrita during WW2. It was very sad, but the town seems to have recovered since then, and it was cool to poke around all its little shops.
Coming off of their 1-0 win against Chivas USA yesterday, however, the Union are officially on their first winning streak of the season and will look to extend it to three games against the San Jose Earthquakes next weekend.
Die Hard (Jeb Stuart and Steven E. de Souza)
0’00 Melody
“They’ll look like morons when they get to the debates”
So likewise, the Father is almighty, the Son almighty: and the Holy Spirit almighty.
It is Valentines Day and Mr A is away - the first time in the 16 Valentines Days we have been together. We don't usually make a big fuss but it is always nice to receive that card and know that the love of your life is there beside you.
Well, Jeff took some convincing. I even composed another song to sing on his voicemail to tempt him:
Unfortunately, none of the five friends wind up with an answer to their question, "What can we do?" The animals are facing the same question as scientists pose to us regarding global warming - the glaciers are melting and that is having an impact on the world. The book really does wonders to get children thinking about what they can do to "save" the world and does so in the form of a simple question, after allowing them to see the impact human actions are having on animals and other forms of wildlife. With a little additional research and exploration, children will quickly discover that it is human action that is leaving this impact on the world (and also help children to realize that it is a real problem/concern)!
Psalm 19:9-10
I even got to use fun stitches for the hem!
4. The virgin birth is a Big Deal.
Basically, his book describes nearly 90 different spices in detail, from, for example, the Botanical Name: Coriandrum sativum Linn., followed by the Family Name: Umbelliferae, followed by the local Indian names in our different languages such as Bengali: Dhane, Gujarati: Kothmiri, Punjabi: Dhania, and so on. He then describes this spice (called coriander if you haven’t already guessed!), and informs us where it is produced (which tells me why it is used more in one particular region rather than another), followed by its uses in food and in medicine (especially Ayurvedic medicine). Did you also know that coriander is native to, well, yes, of course India but Hungary, Poland, Guatemala and etc.?! This book abounds in interesting facts.
We’re 19 weeks into our study through Joshua so far. It’s been amazing. I was praying that by the end of our study, we’d have to split to 2 services. That happened before we got to Chapter 6! The book has been an amazing glimpse at what a strong leader and a united army can do as they take bold steps of faith together. Although Israel had its downfalls throughout the book (Ai & Gibeon), over all, they’ve remained united, dealt swiftly with sin, and trusted God for the impossible.
I didn’t connect the dots, and realize that I was doing to her, what other kids did to me. My friends and I made her life more difficult, and I have no doubt that we made her feel bad about herself. In all fairness, her side was pretty much the same. She and her friends saw themselves as a little bit better than us, and taunted us as well. We never got along and it was fairly safe to say that we were enemies. Both of us playing into what was socially acceptable, and making life more difficult for one another.
And yet, I often feel the need to offer a disclaimer. "I have a parenting blog, but..."
Enjoy the 2 beautiful quotes from Swami Sivananda
Before I introduce you to one of the freshest artistic minds of our time, I'll quickly address my absence. I was MIA for a bit there. I had a nasty cold that turned into both of my ears being infected. I was down for the count. Thankfully, I've been feeling better for a while now, but I'm trying to catch up on everything around here. My sweet friend, Jessica, says I should blog everyday, and while that sounds like fun, I'd need someone to take care of all these boys and do the laundry and the housework and well then I wouldn't have much to write about, would I? ;) Anyway, for now we'll just take it one day at a time. But I know you're dying to hear about that artist.
Be thankful for what you have; you’ll end up having more. If you concentrate on what you don’t have, you’ll never, ever have enough
Kashi or Back to Nature Wheat Crackers
16. The End
The rewrite news came at the exact same time I'd finally made it to acquisitions at a big publisher—a dream publisher. Said publisher ended up asking for a revision, and I agreed because the editor really seemed to get my book. Finally, someone understood what I was trying to accomplish and they LOVED it! I could hardly believe it after so long (six months then). They asked for an exclusive, which seemed a pretty serious commitment to me (oh, naivety). It was exciting, and I had a lot of hope.
2 Cups of Granulated Sugar
My name is Amy and this is my blog... "And the Adventure Continues!"
the courage to do something about your low quality of life and choose to make
I thought about making cookies, but decided to mix things up a little with batch of cinnamon rolls, instead. I let the bread maker do the work of mixing and kneading a batch of homemade dough, while we listened to the final chapters...
Thanks for visiting on this wet and cool Saturday morning!!
In the Owens Corning defalcation case, aggregation attorneys accepted the aggregation aboriginal began backyard a bloom admonishing on cartons absolute asbestos products, but not on the articles themselves, in 1966. This was abounding years afterwards asbestos dangers became able-bodied known, yet architecture workers connected to commonly appearance and saw its insulation after alive the dangers. PlaintiffsвЂ™ attorneys accept declared the alive altitude as showering and snowing asbestos fibers all over.
OG: 1.054
Meanwhile, I have found the best possible alternative: a houseboat in Sausalito, California. My wonderful friend Stephanie, observing the somewhat hellish month of September I'd been experiencing, said "Why don't you stay on our houseboat for a while? We don't have any tenants right now, and --" I cut her off at the pass, and jumped at the opportunity.
Also, I need to bring the fan up from the cellar, or start working out in the cellar. I’m glad I got this done early in the day before the heat got too bad. Now I can go take a cold shower to regulate my body temp and then get on with my day! POOL TIME!
But the return of woodwinds and of more complex textures jolts us back to reality at the beginning of the third movement. Our original English horn theme gets a new context, appearing here on the heels of the last movement's more playful main theme.
There are different kinds of wolves, it’s true. But when Jesus mentions wolves, it’s in the context of Pharisaism. And the false teachers who seem to cause Paul the most sleepless nights are the legalists – those earnest preachers with their Bibles open, urging you to godliness by bringing you under the law. They are, most consistently, the savage wolves who Paul has in his sights.
His hideout showed that he had covered up his true nature for years and he had grown tired of pretending, he was good at hiding his true nature, and his journals showed that he was ready to let his true nature out/free; and he purposely targeted the family, and he probably had many other bad things that he wanted to do.
I am glad they are brave and capable
The old man meanwhile stared blankly into the boot, like Lolly at her empty bowl; you could see him thinking, “Oh?” Then “No.” Then “What brings me here?” He gave a theatrical shrug, slammed the boot with unlikely strength and lurched back to the car. He sat down – need I say ‘slowly’? sinking into what had to be a pile of cushions to give him the requisite height to see out. His right leg was hanging still out of the door. Shut the fucking door, I was seething. Shut … The….
Then of course we had to observe the chickens. Sometimes you can get more out of just sitting and observing than you can get out of a text book.
Upon returning to his homeland, Ahmet spent his career in education and first thought of opening private universities in Turkey as an option to public schools. He helped establish the Istanbul Culture University where course work is taught in English and he served as its first administrator.
My mouth dropped to the floor and I fell out of my chair when I read this news (I forgot which came first): TLC is reuniting on the 10-year anniversary of Left Eye’s death. Tionne “T-Boz” Watkins and Rozonda “Chilli” Thomas plan to bring back their third member for the group’s first tour in nearly a decade.
Meanwhile, it may be worth storing some beers for yourself, preferably in a cellar that is well out of daily reach. A very good article on cellaring beer can be found here. It recommends a storing temperature of 13-15 degrees Celcius, somewhat higher than the 7-10 degrees prevailing in the Kulminator cellar. But then again you may not manage to keep your stock for thirty years.
I've noticed that my art usually leans toward the Spring in life. In general I don't usually wear bright colors or decorate in bright yellows or lime greens but I do see those colors when I reach the hopeful, joyful and creative part of my heart. It just pours out that way...
it is so black you don’t think you have a soul
No one mentions the fact that the Easter Baskets have been torn apart or *cough* worse. No one mentions, once they find one egg, they sit and consume the treats so quickly they choke. No one mentions your older child taking younger kids eggs/candy and running off and hiding to eat everything. No one mentions how that evening, or the next day will be fraught with so much anxiety, tears, and hour long tantrums. No one mentions any of these things.
The rain and the mist, the gray orange dawn, the spray of sea, the bluffs beside me. It was all so beautiful. And that distant point, when I kept heading to it, became not just a distant goal but as I patiently made my way to it, it became my reality. I ran most of the time and walked when I got tired and eventually made the point, which looking back gave me a tremendous view of the ground I had just travelled. “Let us fix our eyes,” says the book of Hebrews, “on the author of our faith, Jesus Christ.” If our journey isn’t heading somewhere, it’s heading nowhere. On this day, from this distant point, I was reminded again of the call to Jesus. It’s a step by step walk, full of great views and at times, slippery steps of sinking sand. But the journey has a destination. God wants to keep drawing us closer to Him to experience Him in fresh ways and from these experiences; we have an overflowing and abundant joy which spills out onto the needs of this world. But we have to journey to Him first. Before we have anything to offer others, we must make the steps to Him.
Unfortunately the blood patch didn't help his spinal headache. He's still been in bed since. This morning he woke up in so much pain. So it has been 6 days straight. We were thinking of doing another blood patch today, but after calling our Nurse at Huntsman's she said she didn't want anymore poking his back in case there is infection. She was especially concerned he isn't eating very well.
“It’s been a sad day for comedy, with the death of Patrice O’Neal… She died of a stroke today. I want to take a quick look at Patrice on Jimmy Fallon, just to remind everyone just how funny she was…”
Anyone who is allergic to the ingredients of GARDASIL, including those severely allergic to yeast, should not receive the vaccine. GARDASIL is not for women who are pregnant.
From the Abstract:
“Er…..yes….I mean no.”
III. Life Regulation
This is a very long article, but please take the time to read it. If you'd like to join the dots on the OWS movement to what was planned years ago then this is a good place to start. See how you are a pawn on the chest board of the elites. See how it's the elites that are behind the OWS - a movement organised to demonise their enemies whilst increasing their wealth and power. You will not be surprised that the UN is also intermingled in the chain of events. Neither will you be surprised that the radical Left have orchestrated the current plan for the USA, including mentoring Obama into the Presidency. Grab a cup of coffee, put your feet up and inform yourself with what is going on in the real elite world. Knowledge is power. Knowledge also prevents bad history from repeating itself....
Blumenau, Brazil
1 separately
We Wish to Inform You That Tomorrow We Will Be Killed With Our Families ~ by Philip Gourevich (Rwanda)
I'd say I was sitting here in sunny California, but it's definitely not sunny and I forgot to pack my oars so I could paddle on down to the convention center tomorrow. Oops. Hopefully it will be sunny and a little bit warmer tomorrow, or I think I might have to call this western, western Missouri. :-) Our condo does have a great view of Disneyland and we'll be able to see the fireworks from our unit. If we're looking out the window and not at our computer screens!
Sometimes I wish I was a dancer. When my senses catch music, there is a sensational exhilaration that overtakes me, leaves me overwhelmed. I can feel my every muscle ache, yearning to break into a rigorous dance sequence. Every beats gets attention, every rhythm is felt through and through. Every word of every song is paid heed to. Music makes me lose control, true. Dancing makes me completely frenzy. Even if Im engulfed with work or exhausted, the ripples in music hits me like a disease. It starts from my toes, runs up to my knees, settles on the hips and sends signals to the arms and before you know it, I’ve caught it. I am so passionate about it, shame; I could never exploit it completely. Maybe someday I would.
Some may argue that one can not compare the situation in America to that here as the two societies are so different, and maybe they have a point, the black community in America has existed for around 300 years and have lived as free men for almost 143 years, or some five generations depending upon one's definition, more than enough time, one would have thought to adopt the culture of their new homeland, however as events following Katrina showed us, culture is more ingrained than that.
Place cabbage in a large bowl, cover with salt and enough water to cover. Set a plate on top and let sit overnight, or 24 hours. Drain well and pat dry.
Gena Showalter showed that she is dynamic with being a teen novel into the series. The characters and plot were interesting and correlated to the series.
Teachers who work through every one of their breaks and lunch to help struggling students.
Mr. de Klerk has gone further than any other nationalist president in taking real steps to normalize the situation. However, there are further steps, as outlined in the Harare declaration, that have to be met before negotiations on the basic demands of our people can begin.
May be because we are hoarders at heart?
Her plan had fabulously failed. Folded. Flopped. But as her buddies summoned her over to them, she realized that she didn’t need new friends. She belonged exactly where she was.
The King fell over, and never got up
Phreak: I’m comedic gold.
squeeze any remaining juice from the cucumbers
29. “With Love” by Elbow
we have never had a tree this wide...EVER
1 punch
Let’s start with the musical numbers which were all good. That never happens on this show anymore. That used to only be the case back in Season 1. The opening number, “How Will I Know,” literally gave me chills. It was one of the classiest and most haunting performances of the series and it was the best way to open up the episode which let us know they wouldn’t be exploiting Whitney’s legacy. The a capella arrangement and the almost gospel feel to it was just beautiful. Heather Morris might not have the best voice on the show but her version of “I Wanna Dance With Somebody” gave her a chance to dance, and that’s always a ton of fun. She sounded good but obviously was nothing compared to Whitney’s voice. The duet between Samuel Larsen and Dianna Agron on “Saving All My Love for You” was almost as good as her duet of “Lucky” with Chord Overstreet last season. Plenty of simmering sexual tension and their voices sounded great. For one of the only Rachel/Santana duets, “So Emotional” was a knock-out punch. Naya Rivera and Lea Michele should have sung more songs together over the course of this series. There was a lot more chemistry between these two vocally than there was with either of them with Mercedes. Chris Colfer made me cry with his gorgeous rendition of “I Have Nothing.” He probably hasn’t had a better solo since “As If We Never Said Goodbye.” Boy can he sing! Darren Criss gave another very fun song for the week with “It’s Not Right, But It’s Okay.” This was a serious step-up from his weak take on Gotye’s “Somebody that I Used to Know.” The last song, “My Love Is Your Love” was good if not especially memorable but it’s always nice to see the whole group get in on a song in a non-competition episode.
To be continued in part 2
Overreaching by TM and copyright owners really hurts owners who legitimately protect their brands and creative works. Note to lawyers: leave the fools alone on April 1.
* University of Texas Southwestern Medical Center at Dallas (USA)
Now, the important part... HEED THESE WORDS READERS...
Anton Walbrook Victoria the Great
So this paper is trying to ‘explain’ the descrepancy between the energy output of Io and the amount of energy gained by Io from tidal forces. You will notice, however, that the author has not quantified or qualified the statement “the heat produced by Io and radiated from its surface appears to be greater than the amount of heat generated by tidal dissipation ”. It is also admitted that “Planetary scientists today generally believe that the tidal dissipation mechanism is an adequate source of heat to drive Io’s volcanism and explain Io’s high surface temperatures.”. Therefore, the paper needs to show that there is indeed a discrepancy here, and that the only explanation for this is that Io is exceedingly young – in the order of a few tens of thousands of years.
I hope you've enjoyed today's tutorial and if you create some darker skinned people projects, we'd love to see them!! Leave a comment on this post with a link to your blog so we can see what beautiful work you are creating!!!
I have to admit, I’m not ready for you and me.
I’ve spent the last twenty four hours dreaming about my romantic wedding with Martin. My perfect scenario is New Years Eve surrounded by friends and family including our children in my backyard with thousands of twinkling lights. Martin and I expressing our undying love for one another. Everyone clapping and cheering the happy couple. I see all the details so clearly. And yes, it would end in happily ever after.
She was the first woman in Arizona appointed as an Assistant Attorney General, in 1948.
All proposed bylaw revisions were approved!
flavor packets, sugar, oil and vinegar.
Is cheaper than them uniforms, an’ they’re starvation cheap;
Benefits of muscle gain and/or fat loss:
I’m delighted that Simone has done the illustrations for the parents booklet I have been working on with Ten Ten Theatre. I’ll post about that when it is published in the next couple of weeks.
With the risk of sounding reptitive, it’s just like the first series yet again. Suffice it to say that some of the openings and endings of the show were awesome, and the OST can pretty much be described as great all around.
Naturally, this would return him to DC politics in a major way, of course, but I can’t forget his disruptive, off-the-wall ways during the 1990s, can you? At least he doesn’t drawl in that annoying manner that some Southern politicians have, being from Pennsylvania and all.
How worthless you are
I just got this great tip from a neighbor...
The obvious and cheap line is that it isn’t easy being green. The Green Lantern is one of the most powerful figures in the DC comic book universe but never gets the respect or love of the heaviest hitters for the brand. In fact, none of the DC heroes other than Batman and Superman have found much success on the big screen, and this movie looked to finally get the DC brand on the same track that the Marvel brand has been on for more than a decade. Did it succeed?
Cumin powder ...... 1/4 tsp
The Welsh Revival of Evan Roberts in 1904 is the catalyst of the Pentecostal Movement in Britain as it sowed the seeds and laid the foundation for the Movement, however, it was the influence of the Azusa Street Revival on the likes of T.B. Barratt from Norway, Cecil Polhill and Alexander A Boddy that led to the start of Pentecostalism in Britain. Boddy (1854-1930), an Anglican priest then at All Saints, Monkwearmouth in Sunderland has been considered the father of Pentecostalism in Britain, because his Church from 1907 became a meeting point where different people came to experience the baptism of the Holy Spirit. One of the people that was baptised in the Spirit through his ministry was Smith Wigglesworth (1859-1947) a pioneer of faith. Another person who was baptised in the Spirit at one of the revival meetings in Sunderland was Rev Kwame Brem-Wilson who was a Ghanaian business man and school master at a missionary school back in Ghana. He was born in Dixcove, Ghana in 1855 and came to Britain in 1901. In 1906 Rev Brem-Wilson started Sumner Road Chapel in Peckham south east London. As a result of his attendance and contribution at the revival meetings in Sunderland in 1907, Rev Brem-Wilson developed relationships with Alexander Boddy and Cecil Polhill who were founders of the first Pentecostal missionary movement in Britain Pentecostal Missionary Union. He was also friends with the founders of the Apostolic Church D.P. Williams and W.J. Williams as he hosted an Apostolic Church conference in London in 1923. These relationships were very important for that particular time when it was not fashionable to be black or associated with anything black. They reveal the Pentecostal significance of breaking down racial barriers. In addition, they also demonstrate the ecumenical dynamics of early Pentecostals.
The title is a line from "Homesick" by the Kings of Convenience (a lovely Norwegian band if you've never listened to them).
I hate that too.
Once upon a time there was a nice lady called Stephenie Meyers who decided to write books about a teenager girl and a sparkly vampire who shouldn't be named - they fell in love, married and had a child. Plenty of people read these novels (yours truly among them) and, as a result, their author became filthy rich very fast– no mean feat for a relatively inexperienced writer’s debut. Then the books were adapted for the screen and our author was simply raking in it. It’s not up to me to judge anybody here, filthy rich or otherwise; let me just observe that such a situation (wild popularity and profitability of the Twilight series) must have had a profound effect on the others. It was just a matter of ‘when’, not ‘if’. I doubt Ms Meyers was aware of it, though. Or maybe she was. Who knows?
x jody
I didn’t really edit this post before I published it. Also, I am angry. And scornful. And I use a lot of withering sarcasm. Not my normal style of post, at all.
“Based on a projected shelf life of five years per book, we estimate that more than 3 million young people have been introduced to Ayn Rand’s books and ideas as a result of our programs to date…partnerships have been established between ARI and the...
Pokémon Platinum
24Has not my hand been stretched out in help to the poor? have I not been a saviour to him in his trouble?
"College News" announced one day that our first principal, Professor Fulton, had died, and that in his honour College House would be renamed Fulton House. Sure enough, the following day the sign went up on the main administration building.
19. Dirty Dancing (Patrick Swayze) - What can I say? I’ve probably seen it 100 times. It’s embarrassing how much I love the duo of Johnny & Baby.
In the beginning the surface of our marriage look great. Everything was harder than I thought it was going to be and I had a break down when Steve was in boot camp. I wondered if I would still love him. He had been gone for 6 weeks. Before he left we found out I was pregnant, I wasn't sure if I was ready to have a baby, but here is was. A couple weeks after he left I had a miscarriage that left me so hurt and so confused. All I wanted was Steve to tell me it was going to be alright, and he wasn't there. I felt so alone.
Firstly John McQuilliam, who is now Designer for Marussia, but back in 2006, was the designer for Midland F1 (previously Jordan, latterly Spyker and Force India). The Midland M16 was the first of the teams’ cars to exploit Rotary dampers, as McQuilliam explains “I remember we were working with Sachs, as we had their Clutches on the car at the time. The Ferrari had Rotary dampers and it looked to be such a neat installation, we wanted to do something similar “. But this was not a total success, as their use on the Midland was short lived as they were replaced mid season with Linear dampers.
This time I went gils style, using a ever present nail file that was handy. I must have had the biggest smile in my face going McGiveress on my tires, with a weapon of a women !
I married her at age 23. We had a fairy tale romance. It was so wonderful. God blessed us so much. She saw a vision of light around the man who sealed us in the Salt Lake Temple. I adored her and for many years felt she was perfect. I was willing to do anything for her. But unknown to me or her she had a mental illness. By the time the mental illness got real bad about 20 years into our marriage she had me convinced that everything she said was true.
Today, October 15, is Pregnancy and Infant Loss Remembrance Day. Babycenter says it's "a day to honor and remember babies who die during pregnancy or as newborns. Participants around the world light a candle at 7 p.m. and keep it burning for at least an hour. Because of different time zones, the result is a wave of light that spans the globe. The day also calls attention to the needs of grieving parents and creates awareness of pregnancy and infant loss."
Now, I will admit that this morning I was having a rather extreme case of the butterflies and even spit up my coffee because I thought I was going to be sick. Who knew that a group of 24 seven year old kids could make you feel that way?
It prevents me from having screwdrivers for breakfast.
~I curled Emerson's hair for the first time today and when she looked at it in the mirror she freaked out and started yelling, "Take it off, take it off! I had no idea it would be so traumatic for her.
-Upload your projects below in the Link Section! They must have at least one (1) Magnolia stamp and they must be a Home Decor item made by YOU!!
Cricut™ Cartridge Straight from the Nest - Phrase pg.76 cut @ 1.5"
And so goes the pendulum of homeschooling and housekeeping once again. If the house is clean, the lessons aren't learned. And if the studies are completely caught up, I don't even dare to open the windowshades, for fear that someone would see the mess. I'm seeking that happy medium, where the kids are steadily learning, the house is happily lived in yet fairly clean, and I'm not yanking my hair out from doing it all.
So, this is my reality? My career, for the long haul? That brings the question of: where am I going with this career…really? Where do I want to go? What do I think is possible? What do I want to be possible? And how do I get there? I’ve been thinking about those things too.
Sheets, blankets and towels, but towels especially
For whatever reason the bridge and the expressway acted as a boundary, and kids from over that side stayed over there and we stayed on our side. Every spring, however these two factions would come together at I.H.M’s annual Bazaar which sometimes involved the local authorities.
Peter Saarsgard (Boys Don’t Cry)
AinsleighAinsleigh and getting my picture taken with him!!! Gordy started this whole thing 37 years ago. The grandfather of 100 mile races. I think I will print picture out and put it next to my picture with Bill Rodgers at the 100th running of the Boston marathon in 1996.
Paris Original
Gee, I wonder why?
The office occupant may be inept and inexperienced, or a bumbling oaf, a narcissist, a sexual miscreant and/or an egomaniac. Yet, doesn't the Word of God tell us to render unto Caesar all that is due Caesar? Doesn't it also tell us that no person is put in charge of a nation without Him putting him/her there??
How is Bart not dead? Why is he not dead? It just doesn’t make any sense. So is Diana Chuck’s mom or Elizabeth? We have more questions now then answers.
well..
Now, if you watch the live stream again, you would notice that you can’t see me at first. That’s because I had dropped to my knees, the realisation of what had just happened hit me like a freight train. After a year and a half in the role, being told that we would lose to LSUTV (because they always win it), being told that sport, essentially, did not matter compared to other channels, being told a collaboration couldn’t win, it had finally paid off. Last year, I was a Highly Commended producer. Now I am a NaSTA winning co-producer. And it feels fantastic.
There have been other hurricanes as well, but my point is that the rattlesnakes stayed. Moved in, unpacked, and set up housekeeping. There are dunes all around the rv park, but we don't dare walk in them. Had I not read that piece on the drive we wouldn't have known. When I asked the park host, he told me, in his long Texas drawl, that he had to kill one just the other morning.
The Vicomte de Bragelonne, sometimes called “Ten Years Later”, (Le Vicomte de Bragelonne, ou Dix ans plus tard, 1847): When published in English, it was usually split into three parts: The Vicomte de Bragelonne, Louise de la Valliere, and The Man in the Iron Mask, of which the last part is the best known. (A third sequel, The Son of Porthos, 1883 (a.k.a. The Death of Aramis) was published under the name of Alexandre Dumas; however, the real author was Paul Mahalin.)
Kitchen pot
4. You can run multiple ads in the same campaign. I had one ad linked to Amazon and the other linked to Goodreads (so people can add the book to their shelves). Each ad can have different copy.
1 Tbsp. Rice Vinegar
Her only internal thought now was just, Wow. Nearing the front of the café, she officially ended her figurative and physical trip down memory lane.
The process at a first instance trial in England involves an intensive investigation and testing of the evidence, with both factual and expert evidence severely tested by the process of cross-examination. The result of this is that ‘not only must a party put its cards on the table prior to the trial, it must find and play all its best cards at the trial’. On appeal, there are no new witnesses, expert opinions, or other new evidential matter, save in very exceptional circumstances. As a result, the Court of Appeal gives very considerable deference to the findings of fact of the first instance court.
For all my deceit
sd/-
The blond man stepped back away from the door, shoving at the brown haired man ahead of him into the corridor.
2 pretty
Confession: Children (specifically the 3 teenagers down the street who were seen breaking into my home in broad daylight yesterday) aren’t necessarily always the best people in my book.
I'm grateful I live in Canada where school shootings and other seemingly random violence is rare(er) than many many other places in the world, where the LGBTQ community is free to marry whomever they choose, where healthcare is either free or downright cheap and where there is so much natural beauty and power.
I'm recently obsessed with moccassins, and will buy a pair as soon as I can justify the expense. The one's I like are never the affordable ones (sigh).
Gregory: we already have that
and she'd dejectedly reply, "i knoooow."
Beat the egg whites until they are frothy, then gradually beat in the sugar. Continue to beat until you get firm peaks.
More than Makeup
The B.C. Real Estate Association says it just might be, pointing to a large drop in carrying costs for an investment property today compared to a year ago.
I can totally see why this race gets voted one of the best of the year by the Chicago Area Runners Association. It's well organized. It's a nice course. And, it's a great way to remember what Veterans' Day is about as opposed to just a day off work or school.
As per the Kreativ Blogger Award rules I must:
My second interview for the day is with Simone Elkeles, author of Perfect Chemistry, Rules of Attraction and Leaving Paradise, all of which are my favourite books! The sequel to Leaving Paradise, Return to Paradise is due to be published on November - do watch out for it!
It was a good few minutes before the truck bucked into motion. Out of unspoken agreement, we stayed quiet, just to be absolutely sure that the driver wouldn’t hear us. It was maybe ten or fifteen minutes before we arrived.
I spent most of the day working on the laptop in the bedroom, doing my actual paid job.
Cuttlebug Seeing Spots Embossing Folder
I get up early and lay out her clothes,
I'm done blabbing for now, but hope to come back next week and do a blog on what's happening at work. It's too much to add to this blog.
Bernardtomic.
Q003) Tell us about something that made you laugh recently!
Independence Day barbecue – mainly a lot of grilled meat.
Self-driving cars are not bad ideas per se. But when government gets involved, you can be sure they will be used as tools to control citizens. For that is precisely what this enormous, bankrupt, doddering leviathan of a federal government always does.
During the 50 years since then, Americans forgot the reason it was essential to buy American made goods, that of keeping America working and self-sufficient, instead demanding cheaper and cheaper goods to buy. A new term appeared in relation to everything from razors to diapers, ‘disposable’.
Workbox/File 8:Handwriting Workbook (HWT)
Joe: “Nobody touched you for two days?”
Here's the rundown:
You know, they were gonna have Dirk Benedict come back as a cross-dresser.
We got settled in at the Riverside Park Motel and Campground without any trouble, and could tell right away that it would be a very pleasant place to say. This is a smallish campground set in a peaceful, rural-like area along the Niagara River.
The AIAG is expected to call for several more meetings in the next few weeks on the issue, according to an agenda for the Tuesday meeting.
Doctors: Lauren’s murder
Hour 8 (9pm)
On Schorschbrau's web site they have a little comical poke at Brewdog in the beer blog:
14Blessed are they that do his commandments, that they may have right to the tree of life, and may enter in through the gates into the city.
He has gotten lost and swept away in the storm. And I have gotten pulled into the tornado. We have had to bear it ourselves, alone. Sometimes, we must suffer in the silence of our solitude. Sometimes, it is the only way.
Patton Oswalt, Young Adult
And the things keeping us apart, are the strings tying each other’s heart,
Sure Thing: Picture, Michel Hazanavicius (Director), Jean Dujardin (Lead Actor), Michel Hazanavicius (Original Screenplay); Best Bet: Editing, Costume Design, Ludovic Bource (Score); Possible: Bérénice Bejo (Supporting Actress), Guillaume Schiffman (Cinematography), Art Direction, Sound Mixing, Makeup
“And though a man might prevail against one who is alone, two will withstand him—a threefold cord is not quickly broken.” Ecclesiastes 4:12
I explained to her that this was not what I needed and asked her to please cancel the prescription. And so now I will be waiting until Monday, in a decent amount of pain, to call the doctor's office to try to figure out how in the name of Hell the Nurse managed to misunderstand this particular request, especially when I WAS JUST THERE LAST WEEK and the Vicodin is the only medication they have called in lately.
“Where we headed, Pappy?” Manny asked as he ducked under a low-hanging branch.
I don't have little kids in the house, but my niece and nephew are 5 and 7, so I made a mad dash to the store for some Easter bunny magic. Here's the baskets that I made.
“I am doing it for Huddersfield – I was born here, I love this place and I want people to have something better."
I remember those afternoons after school with Mrs. Hart. All day during the school day I kept my excitement of getting the one on one lessons with Mrs. Hart. No interruptions...just us. Albeit, there were a few occasions that was not the case. Mrs. Hart was so patient with me which gave me more determination to show her the same respect by truly learning English - writing and speaking correctly. I listened to her. I did the extra homework that was given to me in addition to the regular homework she gave in class. Later in my life I am learning that you need to really work at it as you are indeed worth it!
Certainly, this will be the worst time for Malaysians to lose faith. By gagging the opposition media, Umno-BN will be able to inflict its own propaganda on an unsuspecting public. Those portals that have so far been fairly neutral can be counted on to suddenly ‘activate’ and churn out deliberately false reports to discredit Bersih and Pakatan. It is much like ‘sleepers’ or agent ‘moles’ or Trojan horses activating themselves in the enemy camp once the signal is given.
It is rare to find a director with as awe-inspiring a body of work as Stanley Kubrick. Certainly, part of his highly successful "batting average" is due to the relatively small number of films he made--but much more so, it's due to his sheer genius, and the rare manner in which he voraciously and uncompromisingly brought his visions to life on the screen. There are a few Kubrick pictures which will be popping up during this series of 52 Perfect Movies--the first of them is his sublime political and social satire, Dr. Strangelove.
Ben is home this week for Spring Break and is getting all his ducks in a row for job applications, etc. I have had class almost every night this week so we enjoy our time together during the day.
Well, back to my spring cleaning, and potting of my house plants, our work is NEVER done.
What would we find in your refrigerator right now? The contents is listed as “Yuengling, Dos Equis, Skyline Chili Spaghetti, some bags of Chicken, Sweet Baby Ray’s barbeque sauce, Boca chicken patties and burgers”.
George Young
Next time I may set it to cook for 10 hours so the heat is lower. All in all it cooked for 7 hours.
Don't believe me? Then take a look at this...
With fans in shorts and t-shirts coming out to watch their beloved Maryland Terrapins play ball, it was an ideal night for a victorious baseball game as the Terps defeated the Norfolk State Spartans thanks to the combined eleven total strikeouts accumulated between Maryland pitchers Charlie Haslup and Michael Boyden.
21 Cluster - Albtrec Com
Also, many who buy this ETF say it is broad-based, but really when you look under the hood is it?
"You are the master of all things related to communication today. You can spin any situation the way you want to, because you should really have a way with words right now. Just say it like you see it.
...He said, modestly....
Skin: Glam Affair- Giselle
Though it may seem like a terrible scenario in which to live through, this could very well be the case within the next hundred years or so. Just imagine, your great-grandchildren living in a world trying to cling to survival with what little resources are left for food and clean water as everything else dies from the drought, reduction in dry land area, and enormous hurricanes.
The show is also very timely for international viewing as the country is embarking on its new tourism slogan that says, ‘It is more fun in the Philippines.’ We need an economic booster and tourism is a major one.
Yeah. I noticed that by the plates. Where in Ontario?
weird.
Black pudding stepped out from between the long coastal grass.
In the bowl of a stand mixer fitted with the dough hook, combine all ingredients for the dough. Make sure you are using rapid rise yeast, or you will need to proof your yeast before mixing. Mix on low speed until combined and then knead about 5-7 minutes on low speed until the dough is smooth and elastic. Prepare a separate bowl by coating with olive oil, transfer dough to bowl, turning to coat evenly. Cover the bowl with plastic wrap and set in a warm place to rise for about one hour or until doubled in size. Punch dough down, recover and let rise approximately 30 minutes more.
Mr Coulson: No.
Paprika, 1 teaspoon
What drew me to Shahs was the unusual depiction of a close circle of Jewish and Muslim friends. Bound by their common experience as Persians from refugee immigrant families, their loyalty and affection transcends religious difference. I am struggling to come up with another such microcosm of intense Jewish and Muslim friendship on television, or in any other medium. If you can think of one, please post it in the comment section!
I make a pot of lapsang souchong, steeped exactly 6 minutes--it's my special tea, different from the Middle Eastern Assam Earl Grey I drink on a daily basis. I have to drive to Asheville to find it unless I'm having formal tea at The Gallery. Don't know why I decided to drink the Sunday tea on a weekday, but it tastes like fall--tastes like a faraway fire. I go and sit on the bench looking out over my view--the dogwood is just beginning to turn over on Sol Messer Mountain.
JUSTIN: Was Welles's dialogue scripted?
“Then what is it? Tell me.”
Last, but not least, a special thank you to my boyfriend Tom who contributed the S and Y entries and for being such a loyal reader of all my stuff, even before he really knew me.
After she left everyone in our group was still sitting and having conversations with people so I went and sat down with a lady. I introduced myself and she told me her name was "Debora, you know like in the Bible." She was a very pleasant lady and was very good at conversation so that helped me out a lot. She talked about how her daughter and son have nothing to do with her anymore. She said they are too busy in their jobs and life to think about me. I ask her what her favorite thing about Breakthrough was and she said the Bible Study. She said "They let me ask questions. Lots of people don't like you to ask questions. They just want you to believe what they say and never question it or look it up for yourself." She went on to say "if they don't have the answer they will try to find an answer for me they don't just forget about it hoping I will." Debora also said "they treat me like a real person. Lots of places don't do that they make you sit in their service and expect you to become like them. Breakthrough lets you be you and loves you for who you are." She went on to say "they really try to help you get out of the situation you are in, they don't just feed you and preach at you they help you." It was time to get back to work and so I had to say good bye. I ask her if I could take a picture with her and she said "yes, just don't put me on tv." I agreed!
Rebekah Brown:
She quickly she sat up and hopped off the table. Her only thought now was of getting out of the cathedral and into Christian’s arms who was waiting outside for her. She turned around when she heard Father James scream, her fearful eyes looking back and not seeing him behind her.
You know what, I’m not even going to try to go through point for point and break down the problems with this guy. Not even the retard leet-speak. Reading it once had made my head hurt enough as it is. So I’m just going to make an executive decision and say, oops, sorry, turns out our raids all START at 11:00, so I guess that rules us out. Good luck in your search…um…Guy Whose Asshat Name I’m Not Even Going to Try to Transliterate.
Spent the early afternoon at a baby shower, and the later afternoon running errands and avoiding my home still.
He wears a scarf when it's cold outside. That counts.
The evil conscience… Hebrews 10:22… “Let us draw near with a true heart in full assurance of faith, having our hearts sprinkled from an evil conscience, and our bodies washed with pure water” (KJV). Here the evil conscience is one that is constantly oppressed by evil thoughts… one that accuses you of guilt… This verse teaches that we have been made free from such a conscience through the blood of Jesus Christ. This verse is for the believer who is not fully convinced that upon his or her receiving Christ they are free… and forgiven from their past deeds. They dwell on past sins. Many today are overpowered with distress from guilt and fear of punishment. You don’t have to live with guilt… Christ has redeemed you.
communicate how you feel. Whatever Blowfish experiences about the loss of his mother,
Not the superb ships with sail-power or steam-power, fetching and
what makes someone think that just because they're driving an overpriced, ostentatious piece of machinery everyone else should bend to their will and accommodate their needs? but i do think she got the hint when i looked over my sunglasses and gave her my best "what part of this face even looks like it cares?" and then walked right into the store...
OMG!! That's right!
In the meanwhile, I am back at work, chasing deadlines, and catching up on last week's laundry and house-cleaning at home. But it was good while it lasted.
Thursday and it's a bank holiday over here. Tomorrow is what we Swedes call "a squeeze day" i.e. a working day squeezed in between a bank holiday and the weekend. Hubbs and I are spending this extra free day together doing whatever we fancy, chores are banned! who am I to argue about that rule? ;)) Starting off the day with brunch out on town and then taking it from there.
I love doing this race - it reminds me why I run and how awesome the feeling is of accomplishing something that looks huge. It's so easy to get caught up on pace and speed and meeting or not meeting goals instead of just going out there and running and letting THAT be awesome and amazing on its own.
Stay-tuned... I will let you all know when it's up. And thank you so much, Mike, for taking time today on the shoot. I can't wait to see all the wonderful pictures you've taken.
45. Nah every crab hole get crab. Things do not always turn out to be what you expect them to be.
yat-tīrtha-buddhiḥ salile na karhicij
* Flower: Wild Orchid Crafts
Now, Tories can kick Welfare til it gasps it's last breath and the crowds will cheer! Oh how they'll cheer! "More Iain! More Dave!" They'll scream.
We stopped in village of Cairanne. The historical center of town, dating from the 11th century, is beautiful. It sits above the newer areas and from the protecting walls above the village, you have a great view of the surrounding wine producing valley. I love the wine from this area of France, which is probably why I loved the wine we tasted a little later on in the afternoon....
Green light! I only have 3 of these done, but considering I’m spending at least 1, if not both Camp Nanos this year on poetry, and my May #writemotivation goals are poetry based too… this one will be easily reached.
The Lead is generally a guy and the follow is generally a girl. Keyword "Generally". The Leads part is to keep track of the beat, and make sure he and the follow stay in time. Plus remember all the footwork, and guide the Follow so she doesn't make a mistake. See a GOOD Lead can make any novice (like myself) look and feel like an excellent dancer, as that means he is doing his job. A Follow just follows the Lead, the Lead has to send clear and correct signals. I have danced with some Leads that are very hard for me to follow, as I haven't a clue as to what they are doing. Nor do they take the time to try and explain it, thus making it a very miserable dance. A good Lead will match/adapt a Follows skill level, if the Follow makes a mistake it is the Leads fault.
Olof Svensson: electric guitar
Source: SBD
They harp on about keg beer of the 70's being awful dead filtered beer, a fact that no-one can deny. But they incorrectly describe keg beer as a 'style', keg is NOT a style of beer, it is a mode of dispense as is cask beer. I read a comment in reply to Roger on the BeerCast blog from Mark at the BeerBirraBier blog & he hit the nail on the head so instead of regurgitate his comments I'll copy & paste them:-
Of course I was excited! It became a wonderful project that we
Rowwen Hèze Rooie kleed NL
Why is it that people turn mean at the announcement of Last Call?
Its author, Steve Stanek, a research fellow at The Heartland Institute, is the editor of Budget & Tax News. “Gov. Mitch Daniels (R) who took office in 2005, insists on fiscal discipline” and his enforcer is Christopher Ruhl, the Indiana Budget Director.”
With all that said, we’re still looking. We’re hoping prices won’t skyrocket again when spring rolls around, but that may be just wishful thinking. Our strategy is to either find a home with an income generating suite or stay where we’re at now and just buy an investment property. Either way, the debt load we’ll be incurring is a little unsettling. But, sometimes you have to take risks in life.
Yup, Karol is dragging me kicking and screaming off to another cruise. This time it's through the Panama Canal and lasts 14 days. I tell you its hard to lay back on that deck chair and be waited on hand and foot. Makes a fella wish for his saws and whittlin tools. Ah but I'll survive somehow, and at the end of it all, I promise there will be a hook up for bids that will amaze you. A hint. I colaborated on this one with an extremely talented bead artist.
Ben Nye powder
A historical novelist writing about a real figure does a lot of research into the person's real life and times. But what if you want your historical figures still to be alive? You don't need to know just what they were like hundreds of years ago - you need to drag them kicking and screaming into the 21st century and look at what they would be like now. It's all very well to know how Samuel Pepys or Henry VII behaved then, but how would they be after they'd witnessed the First World War and the Space Race?
I guess what I'm saying is that if I have the time to do a juice feast, probably anyone can. Dave has to juice three gallons at a time to take it on the road! He brings his juicer everywhere, and has a 100-ft extension cord so he can juice at truck stops. Just like anything, you have to prioritize with what's important. I am getting so much out of this juice feast! I'm only on day 8, and already I've gotten: weight release, new friends, a deepening of my spiritual path, a slightly cleaner, more organized, less cluttered home, and feel a huge sense of direction and purpose for what my new life is emerging to be.
to life beyond words, silent
“The bottom line is when you look at energy poverty in the developing world and everything that electricity provides, from refrigeration to store vaccines, to power for computers, they’re being cut off,” Freling says. “There’s been a huge push to fulfill the U.N.’s millennium development goals, none of which can be achieved without access to energy. We’ve been making this case for about 10 years, and others have finally come around to recognize its importance.”
Copic Sketch Markers:
The Broadcasters Audience Research Board have revealed the unofficial viewing figures for the Eleventh Doctor’s latest story, Victory of the Daleks by Mark Gatiss, which was broadcast yesterday on BBC One and BBC HD. Scheduled repeats for Victory of the Daleks include one tonight on BBC Three at 20:00pm, one tomorrow on BBC HD at 23:30pm and another on BBC Three at 21:00pm this upcoming Friday.
Two fabulous reasons to indulge in these super veggies:
You've submitted a lot of finished pieces to needlework exhibitions, and won a number of ribbons, close to 50. How do you see such shows influencing or supporting the needle arts?
- Yesterday, Montgomery Council officials “lamented a growing disparity” between school employees and other members of the government workforce. Salaries for most of the county’s employees are likely to increase by a flat $2,000, but school employees are slated to receive a 3.2 percent raise. (Examiner, 5/2)
You might say so what, who cares?
use these links to monitor the development of the coming storms over the next two days… see if these areas get hit like expected….
All eyes turned to Mairi. She began with an apology. Not everything she had told them about her and Dr X was true. And for reasons she would explain later, if they didn’t leave tonight, they might not be leaving at all.
If City do emerge from the shadow of their rivals with a gleaming Premier League crown atop their head, ensuring a trophy-less season for the Red Devils, it will be Ferguson’s toughest challenge yet to wrest it back from them.
So, and now you finally want to see at least one of the cute stamps, right? Here you go:
I made a quick run back to the hanger to see where the cygnets had gone. They were making good time across the tundra away from the river and runway to the ponds about 1/2 mile away. I turned around and hurried back to the house and just as I was pulling up to the garage door one of the adult swans went by, headed back to the cygnets.
but we'll try a coat of paint before I make the final call
Hi everyone, Penang Uncle is back from vacation! I have a problem with Google Chrome 18 today, it keep on crashing event thought with just less than 10 tabs, so I switch back to FireFox 11 now. It is better than wait slowly with FireFox than restarting Chrome everything it crash. Sigh.
They will be lost forever.
This is my Project Tutorial for February. If you already purchased the 3-month tutorial, you will automatically get this tutorial in your e-mail first week of February. Just be sure tcheck your e-mail and to put my e-mail in your safe list in order for you to get your tutorial promptly.
in practice for your faddish, early teens
State-owned Asset Sale
Fun and danger wrapped in one
- Organic lemons 2 for $1.00 (California)
The whole aethos of the Department of Health and Social Security (or Stealth and Total Obscurity as we called it) was confrontational, its mission was to withhold , pay nobody, and generally obstruct claimants. I obstructed the department by altering the case notes of my school mates, ticking boxes and passing claims.... and warning them of intended visits. I hated being a part of that machine, so i asked around for other jobs. A friend said he'd heard that the library was hiring.
Okay, so just two more weeks, then freedom. I can’t wait for the summer, the longer days, increased exercise, overall chill pace of life, and biking. Here’s to all the Cal kids, as well as everyone else, who will be facing finals in the near future!
Mom intervened, squeezing Dad’s shoulder as she glanced back. “Natalie, you’re fourteen, she just turned four–”
The side door opened onto a dark stairway. Pershing mounted the steps, anxious to get a seat before the lights went dim. He went up one flight, two flights, three, four, five flights of stairs. The scent of urine told him he was getting closer to the colored seats.
As I question the band members about other specific tracks, more and more information comes out. For instance, track five, “Summer/Translation Blues/Summer Reprise,” an intense medley, with enchanting tempo alterations and Hart’s fiery interrogation of an undisclosed female character, has deep and personal meaning. According to Hart “The song is about the power people wield over you, how they can make you feel so shitty inside, and that same power you have over others, and how the perpetrator can just walk away without feeling anything or thinking twice about it.”
7. Tell us about your writing space. Do you have a special room where you create?
But I also realize that I can't focus today on how the helicopter just came and left - on the fact that this drug (as wonderful as it is) won't help Bennett. First, because I don't want to take away from other's joy. But secondly, and most importantly, because...
To sing when I want
You Asked: Where do I call to get my question answered?
One’s mind inevitably wanders into territory such as this during Scars of Dracula. This is despite an attempt by Hammer to up the gore and sex quotient in an attempt to compete with the stronger meat provided by American exploitation movies of the period. To be honest it’s fairly mild stuff, compared to later movies – the nudity content consists of a pair of bare buttocks, and Baker doesn’t seem very comfortable in his handling of the gore. The importance to the plot of rubber bats on strings is also a problem: at various points the bats are required to savage people to death and wrest crosses from their persons, and all of this looks about as convincing as you’d expect.
3. Utilizing PCB Computer-aided-design software program to design a flex circuit board: This issue relates to the previous point, but prototype PCB software program does not eliminate common constructing and quality design problems that are particular to a flexible circuit. Sharp corners, solder fillets near bend points, not adaptable material strength issues are just some of conditions that normal Printed circuit board design software program does not take care of.
So, I go and hit up Harleston, who’s like:
....which would have been so completely daunting and overwhelming if it wasn't for the help of our wonderful family and friends who tirelessly helped us get all of these copies of Coastal Knits packaged and out in the mail to all of you!
Saturday Night: Also on the slightly stressful side (for me, at least) was Louise’s work do. She got to play the part of MC, and also of the ‘good’ (naive and optimistic) elf who always saw the best in her departing wokmates, while her friend Mary played the part of ’bad’ (bitter and judgemental) elf who pointed out their faults. Really, on looks alone I think Erin might have done a better job at either role. Cody and Erin got to sit on Santa’s knee (Cody enjoyed this a lot more than Erin), and then they both got to sit round patiently waiting for it to be over, as did I. The speeches were riveting, just like all speeches made by people you don’t know about other people you don’t know. Chelsea beat West Ham United 1-0 in the football with a fine goal by Joe Cole in the first half.
Analysis: By admitting in open court that he lied at least twice, and that he took $10,000 in silver from Edgar Steele, and that he's contemplating writing a book and appearing on the Oprah show, Larry Fairfax has established himself as an inherently dishonest opportunist who cannot be trusted and who's clearly trying to "sing for his supper", so to speak. Any intelligent, fair-minded juror should conclude that Larry Fairfax's testimony actually introduces MORE DOUBT into the Federal story about Edgar Steele, decreasing the chances of his conviction. However, all members of the jury are women, except for one, so ultimately Edgar Steele's fate may lie in the hands of Cyndi Steele. Her testimony will either convict or acquit her husband.
In the meantime, here were the first things that I thought about...
Where does the band name come from? Why not For A Major Reflection?
I got a chance to give a first listen to one of my Christmas presents this evening. The National's Sad Songs For Dirty Lovers. Gorgeous.
Café San Miguel
Again, a fabulous committee worked behind the scenes for the past few months to make the project a reality. Kudos to them for sticking-it-out despite busy schedules with work and family, to bring an awesome community art experience to Lubec.
I am persuaded the apostle was speaking of himself for he referred to this as a revelation in verse 1. In Ephesians 3:3 he wrote, “How that by revelation he made known unto me the mystery.” He had heard unspeakable words, words that were unlawful for man to utter.
I tried, unsuccessfully, to steady my voice. “Just once,” I said. “School dance.”
Of billboards strewn amongst the blight.
If you are interested, please post about the DT call on your blog and feature three of your favorite creations including at least two cards. DT call closes Friday, July 23rd at 11:59pm.
In meditation I became aware that my husband and I can be much better friends. Soul friends. We have to scope the landscape of our shadows better and borrow each other's eyes from time to time to view the things we're doing to ourselves and what we do to each other. If we enter the water's of our own and each other's souls and swim.
I am hapy to report that my homeland Hungary finally got the one-up on Australia. Parliament recently passed a law introducing a dog tax. The law stipulates that autochthonous Hungarian races, such as the vizsla, the puli or the komondor, are exempt. The idea is, of course, to promote the population growth of these natives at the expense of the immigrant varieties.
land
And then they sporked us and all was right with the culinary world again.
You will have a family.
Plaid Cymru
I have spent the last 2 and 1/2 months making that needle go down and it is s----l------o------w------l---------y. But it is going down. I have lost 20 lbs and I have reaquainted myself with Jillian and Leslie. I try to workout everyday. Today I did 4 fast miles with Leslie and then I still walked 2 miles outside with my sis-in-law.
Back in August of 2007, I wrote how much I love chiropractic care and why you should see a chiropractor. Here again are my reasons for seeing a chiropractor.
punch is MS. Flowers are prima with an unknown brad.
If we miss the signs of change (or if we see the signs but do not adapt), our skills become outdated fast – just as fast as the speed of change.
All of the dogs were recovered, including Skeeter, who apparently spent some time riding around in a golf cart with the security guard at HarborWalk.
Please make sure your Mac or PC is equipped with a microphone and speakers, so that you can use the audio functionality built into the web conferencing software.
Schlafly Pumpkin Ale 8.0%
Artist: Execration
Aug 22 Cincinnati, OH
“You did it!” said my doula. I grinned at her, surprised at how easy it had been. I glanced at it; it seemed a bit small to me, and I didn’t really want to examine it as I could feel a gush.
I will say that one of my joy-killers the past few weeks has been at work with the Brain. He contracted a lung infection, which caused the whole house a lot of stress the past few weeks. We think what happened is that he pinched a nerve in his spine. Because of the pinched nerve, it hurt to breathe deeply (aided by one of his assistance machines). With no deep breathing, a particle of some sort got into his right lung and the infection began.
As I sat waiting in the Conference Center with my wife for the Sunday morning session to begin, I glanced down the isle to view my children. One son was seated with his wife, another son was seated with a girlfriend, and my only daughter was there with her then fiancé. As with most parents, I marveled at how fast time had gone by and that my children were now grown. They were becoming “independent”. I recall thinking that my influence was slowly diminishing from their lives. At that moment it occurred to me that with modern technology, I could continue to influence their lives for the good. I could accomplish this by communicating with them on a daily basis via email. I made the commitment right then that when I returned home I would begin to send out a weekday spiritual message. Surprisingly, five years later, with some 1100 messages sent, I am still doing it.
“The solution to this crisis is not complicated. … We are up to the task, and I hope President Obama will join us,” Boehner said. The speaker said that, in negotiations with Obama over a long-term debt deal, “I made a sincere effort to work with the president. … I gave it my all. Unfortunately, the president could not take yes for an answer.” He added: “The president wanted a blank check six months ago, and he wants a blank check today,. This is not going to happen.”
Who’s ready for BBQ? Because for this weeks review SA Dining went on a road trip and came up with a winner. Right outside of Austin in Round Rock is a BBQ joint called The Salt Lick. They are known for their unique open pit smokers and delicious food all over Texas, so while I was in Austin I decided to head on over and give them a try.
1. CardMaking - I have set a goal for myself at the end of every year that THIS year is The Year when everyone will get a handmade card for their birthday from me. This means I need to build up my supply. (It has yet to happen.) I also wish to create random holiday/seasonal cards with the goal of getting one out in the mail to a different person every month. This, too, has yet to happen.
I'm still working on developing routines in general so that will be something I think about more this week as well. I'm not too worried if I'm not perfectly in synch with everyone else - the fact that I am working on anything related to organization in itself is a "win"!
Somehow once I started drawing the art did its own thing. I guess that sometimes my artistic talent has to remind me who is really in control. Or should I say – who isn’t in control. I even tried drawing it out several times.
babies for the first 6 months" and states “full-term infants have a 32% excess risk of childhood obesity associated with not
WATCH OUT! I'm sure that was Adrian Tierney Jones we nearly wiped out in the dark. Apparently so, according to twitter and his accusations at HardknottSooty.
The faces oh so grim
How many of you have memories about becoming aware of your own image as a child? Did you ever think the looking glass had taken you to a place you didn’t want to be? That it might be showing you something in a light you’d never seen before?
And, late we were.
Romeo and Juliet were passionate, romantic and sensual in their love for each other. We don’t have to be talking about a relationship for these terms to apply. All endeavors worth working on, all journeys worth taking in life, all experiences worth diving into should be lived, felt, loved, with passion, romance and sensuality. These sensations and emotions should be at the heart of all of us.
Part two of the interview will be posted tomorrow!
Brigadier-General Commanding
The rich also found their way into the mountains, alongside the farmer and miner and lawyer. Because of the healthful mountain air and cooler temperatures, the mountain south became the site of many resorts and spas throughout the 19th century. The trend of tourists to flock to the mountains didn’t begin in the current generation; it’s as old as the railroads that eventually served towns like Tallulah Falls, Lake Toxaway, and even the famed Biltmore, a private playground for the ultra-rich Vanderbilt family.
There seems to something akin to a marketing frenzy to build Facebook LIKE’S among companies. Almost every second email I get relates to a contest that is trying to entice me with a $xxx,xxx prize or a dream vacation. However, when I excitedly click on the entry link it frustratingly forces me to LIKE the product in order to enter the contest.
When I think of food, sweets pop into my mind first. On a hot summer day, I crave watermelon or ice cream. I perused my Cricut cartridges for a food item, and I found this ice cream sundae. I added the sentiment, which seems especially appropriate today. Today is my 20th wedding anniversary!
matter of public-private
Or trailed through the mud and sand.
Spiritual Warfare, Power & Authority discusses: The purpose behind knowing Satan’s schemes and strategies; defining and identifying Satan’s strongholds which can be spiritual, emotional, mental or physical, and can affect our spirit, soul (mind, will, emotions) and body; understanding our position of power and authority in God’s Kingdom that enables us to stand against and defeat the enemy; explains renouncing.
Avenues, all lined with trees
In the Bag is a smart and stylish story that explores the old-fashioned art of romance in a modern world, where falling in love can be as risky as checking a bag on an international flight. Buckle your seat belt—it's going to be a bumpy vacation!
Reading through this neatly compiled collection of poetry, there are poems and prose-like scribbles that serve as path to understanding what Omigbodun is trying to pass across to her readers. Starting from the first stanza which discusses Nigeria under this title “Nigeria, the Beautiful” which can be said to trail after poets like David Diop who wrote “Africa” in appreciation of this great nation, this poem reveals the passionate and commitment towards this nation with divergent tribes which Omigbodun admonishes to come together to make a great nation.
I'd like to include a brief section with maybe ten of the short pieces in this blog. Any suggestions on which of these "midrashim" would be best for a book?
· Java 1.5+, SQL, subversion, Flex 4
Group B
She will never watch Andrew pitch another ball …
After my conversion, that image of God began to heal. I began to see God as my Father, who loves me unconditionally.
My original idea was just to have something to share as gifts with my cousins kids because they had invited us to go over for Christmas Eve and I didn't want to walk in empty handed. Well, the idea grew. There will be a total of 10 teenagers (including family and girlfriends), an 8 year old and a new born there...all of them cousins (except the girlfriends, of course). So, I decided to make a beanie for ALL of the kids. I finished the last one yesterday. I loved making every single one of them because they were all a blank canvas for my creativity. Endless possibilities for color combinations and stripes. lol. BUT...I was so very glad when the last one was complete.
This afternoon it was still warm so we brought out the water gun. Of course I had to act like I couldn't stand to get wet so Hunter would be happy, but the ice cold water was wonderful. He quit playing for a few minutes and I actually started looking around for the water gun because I had gotten hot again. Thank you Hunter for cooling me off outside!
Give the mulled wine its 'punch' by adding the alcohol of choice and reheat- DO NOT BOIL. Check and adjust the sweetness level and serve steaming hot. Enjoy.
Apart from being in the very top tier of athletically talented people worldwide, Jonathan is also extremely smart. He’s on a break from college to train for the next Olympics, but only because, despite appearances, he’s really a human and a person can only do so many things at once.
“What happens now?”
My mat towel is the orange, yellow and red tie-dye seen above. It is skidless brand, and has rubber on one side so it stays in place on my mat, seen below. I love this towel, it makes not face-planting in the middle a whole lot easier. I also can look down at it when I want to drop out of downward dog and the color combo makes me really happy. It also serves one more purpose. Because of the random pattern, it offers many points to focus on in balance poses, so I don’t need to look around the room to find something.
1 bound
The Ghosts of Patriots Past make him see the error of his ways, + he summons a boy to fetch a plump Easter goose
First, Shallee McArthur at Life, the Universe, and Writing. I recently found her blog and have been loving the open friendliness I can feel shining through her writing. Go visit. You won't be disappointed.
Add water to vinegar and egg to make 1 cup of liquid. Add liquid to dry ingredients and process just to mix. Remove from processor and shape into six balls. At this point you can place each ball in a Ziploc bag, press out air, seal and freeze. OR refrigerate for about an hour before rolling and using.
‘If you’re in the States and have a preterm baby now, even at 25 weeks you’ve got a 50 per cent chance of survival and people expect that.
Don't you know that you can count me out ..."
“She hasn’t spoken at all? She refuses to speak?” The judge was incredulous. “I have no other option then to remand her to the county psychiatric facility until such time as she is deemed competent to stand trial for the murder of Dr. Seymour.”
Also, while these guys are hollow to allow for lighting, I will not be putting any LEDs in them….THIS time. Once another batch comes my way I’ll probably turn some tricks on it. You know how I love to light little things up…Without further ado:
Happy Mother's Day, y'all!
What is the purpose of a beer glass?
Thirdly, he must remember that is no mean or ignoble creature that he deals with. We may ascertaining the worth of the human race since for its sake Gods’ only begotten Son became man and thereby ennobled the nature that he took upon him.
I explained that this was wrong and he said, “Oh, no, it’s ok, she told us it’s ok because she is blond.”
I made it! The last week of my first year at S* school is coming to it's end. I am amazed I made it this far considering how difficult it was at the beginning. Also I am impressed at how much my students have advanced and grown. Now I get to see them continue to grow in the 2nd grade.
Xen Tan lupaa siis antaa luonnollisen näköisen oliivisen rusketuksen, joka ei keräänny nilkkoihin tai polviin tai kyynärpäihin. Mulla se ehkä vähän kertyi kyynärpäihin, mutta rusketuksen väri oli erinomainen! ♡♡ Tosi luonnollisen näköinen! Ei yhtään oranssi.
- 2 cloves garlic, minced
How do we get any better than this? Well, there are the alfombras, the mandala like carpets that are spread over the nubby cobblestone streets for the processions to stagger over. These rainbow carpets are made of colored sawdust, flowers, plants, bottle caps…anything that may make a powerful statement to the beauty of Christ´s sacrifice.
Few of those pieces remain in my possession today. One that was I able to find in a corner in the basement is this one of Underdog. It measures 6 1/2 x 5 inches and was painted onto a piece of scrap clear pine.
I completed the half marathon distance in 2:20- which is what I was aiming for. I had run a disciplined race thus far. I hadn’t set off too fast.Unlike my only previous Marathon in Manchester 10 years ago when I completed halfway in a record breaking (for me) 1:55 and paid the price in the final third. I knew I would slow down in the second half but did not anticipate how much the hills were taking out of me and how much my legs would hurt.
Thus, by just letting the court order for the submission of a compromise agreement in Civil Case No. B-259 remain unacted upon resulting in the pendency of that case for almost four (4) years until its dismissal for the parties’ non-compliance, respondent sorely failed to perform what is required of him as a lawyer and a member of the Bar.
Last year IMB trustees were forced to curb appointments of new missionaries and suspend two short-term missionary programs entirely, initiating a gradual reduction in the IMB’s global missionary force. The reduction will lower missionary numbers from approximately 5,600, reached in 2009, to 5,000 but will not involve recalling any personnel because it will be accomplished through natural attrition — completions of service, retirements and resignations.
15/08 19:25 W 10,000 Metres Final
And no rock
It’s never to early to start taking great care of the skin around those beautiful blues (or greens, browns, and hazels!).
Because I won’t be around.. so I can’t make it look as if it is flawless, see?
Now, to the original point. Is it really possible to be infinite? I think not. Is it worth living life feeling like you’re infinite? Maybe, maybe not. Since our human lives are so short compared to the grand scheme of things, it’s possible that what I’m writing about from the dark of my little bedroom in Alberta, isn’t even worth thinking about.
I can understand the importance of keeping a village tidy.
Maids of honor should talk to their brides about what they want in terms of showers and bachelorette parties, then take the reins and plan something you know they’ll love. Bridesmaids should attend all events if you are local and at least one event if you have to travel. Combination shower/bachelorette weekends are ideal for friends who are spread out across the country. You get to spend more time together and pack all these traditional events into one crazy weekend.
I got it, right away, and the last anyone ever saw of that yardstick was it’s maiden (and short-lived) flight from the second story into a very thick hedge.
I've been wanting to make lavender ice cream for a while now, but I was never able to find edible lavender at any stores. Until... we were recently on a road trip in Oregon, and we found a beautiful lavender farm!
MAHER ZAIN!!!!
But I find myself scared to.
Finding such precision from any epoch in human history leads one to conclude that a sophisticated system of precise measure must have been in existence. This is an area of intense interest to engineers—such as myself—who find in Egypt a language with which we are familiar. This is the language of science, engineering, and manufacturing. Our counterparts in that ancient land left future generations of scientists, engineers, architects, and those who take their instructions and shape materials to their specifications, with a difficult challenge. This challenge is to recognize what they created and provide evidence-based, reasonable answers that give the ancient engineers credit for what they achieved. ‘
Do not burst his wife shouting "I know everything!" And it asks you what kind, in what year was the Battle of Trafalgar.
That’s why “soak the rich” is not just a campaign slogan to rally the base. It’s a mission, a vocation.
Editors at newspapers spend a great deal of time and energy on writing headlines. And for good reason — headlines attract attention, and some live on decades after they are written. This is the sixth in a series of posts on memorable headlines.
Anyway, you pop them in a big bowl. Add any odds and ends of cheese that you have, grated if it's firm. Cheddar, ricotta, and cottage cheese are good basics, but there's nothing to stop you using fancy bits of brie or gruyere. Then add some cooked rice - one of those sachets of precooked rice from the supermarket is handy here, if you don't have leftovers and don't have time to cook it. I like to make this with brown rice.
Today we are using the Happy Easter stamp set which will be available to order from today as Easter is so close upon us. It also has great messages for Mother's Day. Mother's Day was last week in the UK and I used this set for all my cards and gifts.
It’s similar with the other gods and the aspects they represent.
Lourie: ---
Also, watch for signs and symptoms of oral disease and contact your dentist as soon as a problem arises. Remember, taking care of your oral health is an investment in your overall health. Pasted from http://www.mayoclinic.com/health/dental/DE00001/NSECTIONGROUP=2>
The ACCA hopes to one day locate to a farm in the Cheat Lake area that will also be home to community gardens and a working educational farm. My outdoor playgroup, Mudpie Magic is going to have an Earth Day activity there, incorporating both gardening and birding activities!
Later, back at home, you may have wanted to replicate the experience, for yourself or to impress relatives and friends. You bought the ingredients, you spent time studying the recipe and bringing it up to edible standards... to then find that no, not really, it tasted better, or stronger, or stranger when you were there, as you try to explain your disappointment to yourself or to your guests. It tasted different. It could have been anything, really, you go on wondering. That the shrimp was fed and fished locally, that the pasta was home made, that tap water was harder, or that the cook washed her hands with a different brand of soap. But I don’t think this is it. I think that whatever struck you, when you were abroad, was that it struck you there and then. Because you were there, then. You can’t replicate the there-and-then in the here-and-now.
Michelada
Step 6: Apply eyes shadow and eye liner to highlight your eyes.
And then we snuck a few non-bus-pass-holding kids onto the school bus. Thank you Sly, best bus driver ever!
other people's music."
Old & New Project – A collaborative project for graphic artists to display artwork themed around bible stories. Some of them are incredible, all of them are interesting. So far my favorites are Judah&Tamar and Deborah’s Song of Jael. If you want more amazing visual scripture, be sure to check out Jim LePage’s solo project Word. Don’t ask me to pick a favorite, I can’t, I mean, 2 Corinthians is amazing, Hebrews makes me smile and I can’t forget Titus, 1 Timothy, Habakkuk, Job, ok really, I have to stop, just go. Look. Learn.
From the nou breekt mijn klomp (well I will be damned) Department: Gaia fruitcake James Lovelock, he of 'it may be necessary to put democracy on hold for some time' fame, thinks that he may have been WRONG. He may have been ALARMIST about global warm, uh, climate chang, uh, well, he may have been wrong on just about everything. From Mail Online, April 23, 2012:
Hey. Don't roll your eyes at me, Missy.
If our message is that the gospel is a post death reality, then it's no wonder people are not interested in following Jesus. It's for dead people. Dallas Willard eloquently said once that, "the gospel is not about getting people to heaven after they die. It's about getting them there before they do." I think he's right.
I obsess over reality TV — Tia & Tamera, wives of any kind (Real Housewives, Basketball wives, etc…) and documentary type shows like American Greed, First 48, Cold Case, FBI Files — to name a few.
This past year has been so much fun for all of us...we've...
Any Weedgers wanna meet up, then just gimme a shout on the email, reet?
Sounds like a good idea, right? Well, the devil is in the details, and unfortunately the law failed (among other flaws) to exempt zillions of products that pose no significant threat to children. Like books. Which have NEVER been implicated in a single case of lead poisoning.
Her sweet and soft style has added such a graceful charm to the parade each week. While I'll miss having her here at the challenge, I know she has wonderful opportunities on the horizon and I'm thrilled for her. Thanks Laura, at least we still have Tuesdays :)
We are loving and hating the new house at the same time. Lovely to be in brand new home, sunset is to die for, peace and tranquility but I am constantly having to remind Dad to do things for the house, he's so busy that I don't blame him for not having it as a priority but Blair isn't so understanding. Ben has no light, we have no bars in the wardrobes to hang clothes no, no curtains except in bedrooms, fire still not installed, ensuite toilet doesn't work, spa bath not hooked up, the list goes on .......
Like BN and Goodreads, Apple allows customers to simply rate a book without obligating them to write something. This encourages more ratings overall but doesn't make it as community-friendly.
Hello and welcome to another Stamp Something challenge! This is our 100th challenge to be exact! WOO HOO! Thank you all for your continued support of our challenges, here's to another 100 more! Thanks again to our players and sponsor from the last challenge Simon Says Stamps! Congrats to the winner and Top 5 Stampers as well!
and worshippers alike. A collection of theological and practical
March 25, 2012
The mechanical pencil says...
not this is what the Republicans had in mind when they chose Palin or
Combine 1st 3 ingredients in a gallon sized ziplock bag. Add chicken,seal and turn bag to coat. Chill for 30 minutes. Remove chicken from bag and grill. Discard sauce.
Well, today Joseph Rakofsky serves as a real life cautionary tale of why young lawyers should in fact be scared of ethical rules. Very scared. Joseph Rakofsky’s cornucopia of ethical blunders reads like an issue spotting exam in Professional Responsibility.
We would like to preface the following series of thoughts with this little statement: Inter-webz 101 you’re holding on for dear life. Let’s dig into the minutiae of this “Sore Subject” a little bit this morning.
I've some pretty big plans in the works for my new home, and in the interest of getting everything cohesive and streamlined for those plans I am making some necessary changes now. I am tying up all my loose ends under one big fat bow~ and that bow is called StudioJuls.
Yesterday, civil rights initiative AfriForum successfully interdicted the SA Democratic Teachers Union, the Suid-Afrikaanse Onderwysers Unie, the National Professional Teachers Organisation of South Africa and Nehawu from intimidating pupils and non-striking teachers.
Well it is worth the effort to get the bin emptied. I have a small garden and cannot now cope with compost bins because it is all too heavy for me.
My cookies were a bit of an adventure, and almost a complete failure! I was close to tears on the Friday before the party, thinking I was going to go to Wegmans and buy 5 dozen cookies. Thankfully I gave it another shot on Saturday (day of the party) and found my error. A 1/2 cup of butter is ONE stick NOT two. I don't know what I was thinking? I ended up with 40 useless, cranberry orange shortbread cookies. It was a definite face-palm moment, which ended with a lot of flour on my face...
08 - Old Time Blues
Mildred Packer had hung herself in the couples hotel room. When she was discovered, she was wearing a light-blue square dancing dress. She was found by a hotel maid who went into the room to investigate a series of loud thumps and crashes that other guests reported hearing from the Packer’s room. Apparently, the death by hanging suicide that Mildred Packer had chosen was not quite as quick and painless as she had probably hoped because authorities found a number of furniture pieces knocked over and scuff marks on the walls and furniture where her flailing legs and feet had clawed for support as she swung at the end of the rope. It had apparently been a very slow and painful death for poor Mildred Packer.
Here's one for a Mexican Grilled Cheese sandwich...yum it looks soo good.
Cause the US has military superiority.
I’ll plump for The Web of Fear though. Pulsating thriller set in the tunnels of the London Underground, with Yeti stalking, looking for prey. Oh, and green stuff on walls. Always good. Really threatening, close thriller which is captivating just from the soundtrack (only episode 1 still exists on film).
Congratulations to Vivien from Witchita, Kansas!
Look Who's Talking Now!
Now don't get me wrong, I am in no way making this my resolution,
422300 Apparel, piece goods, & notions
but that far off place...which we really can't see now,
The second weekend of this year's IndieFest has at least two treats in store. As I've talked about here on HoFB a couple of times, Judy Lieff's Deaf Jam was my favorite film from last year. And catching Deaf Jam once at the Mill Valley Film Festival was not enough for me. I plan to catch it again at one of the two screenings this weekend - Saturday 2/18 @ 12:30pm & Sunday 2/19 @ 5pm. (As a sort of thematic meal and a movie, I plan to finally try out Mozzeria, the Deaf-owned restaurant on Guerrero only a few block from the Roxie Theatre.) For those who didn't click through those hyperlinks to read my past posts here about Deaf Jam, it's a documentary that takes a wide focus on the importance of American Sign Language Poetry in Deaf culture while zooming in on one particular young Deaf poet, Aneta Brodski, an absolutely captivating subject. Besides matters specific to Deaf culture, the film also touches on immigration issues since Brodski came to the U.S. from Israel as a child and her parents only obtained their citizenship after she turned 18. As a result, she is left in legal limbo, something the DREAM Act, if finally enacted by Congress, would rectify. Add to this that Aneta's Hearing poet partner is a Palestinian-American, and you have yet another layer of politics packed into this engaging documentary.
Pretty and versatile, and they don’t have to cost the earth to be really special!
Can you tell that I am just bursting with happiness ! It is true, I have never had new furniture until lately. I love it.
“You don’t have to sanitize your language,” she said. “Remember, I’ve met your dad and I understand exactly what you’re saying. If you ever need help, Dylan, call me,” she handed him one of her cards and he nodded and put it in his pants pocket. “I couldn’t help noticing you’ve got a prescription for Ritalin. Do you have ADHD?”
I can share the ink blot...as it is finished...Many of you know that I struggle with mental health issues...and am working hard to clean out my mental closet, so to speak. This ink blot signifies some of the issues I am working on...
It wasn’t easyJet that opened up the skies of Europe – it was British Midland. Under Michael Bishop (now Lord Glendonbrook), the airline demanded the right to compete against the established “flag carriers” in the 1980s – first of all taking on British Airways from Heathrow to Belfast, Edinburgh and Glasgow, then expanding into Europe. It helped break the cartel that kept fares prohibitively high.
Tris figures out that the so-called "tracking serum" Eric injected her with after her fear landscape test is actually a simulation serum, administered to all of Dauntless to make them into an obedient army for the Erudite. She tries to tell Tobias, but isn't able to before the simulation kicks in. She marches with a bunch of simulation-controlled Dauntless to the train, which carries them to the Abnegation sector.
This is fine, since I'm not in my car that much. Just from getting to home to work to other work to home, and half the time I'm not driving in what could be called "the heat of the day." Unfortunately, with the current weather forecast, despite my best efforts, I'll be driving in the heat of the night, too. And I'm not calling anyone "Mr. Tibbs."
Global automakers from the United States and Germany will demonstrate fast-charging technology that will enable the recharging of most electrified vehicles with compatible systems in as little as 15-20 minutes.
Baggie Ice Cream was another one of the snacks my 3 year old and I made during our winter theme at preschool. She insisted on putting sprinkles on top. Sprinkles do make everything taste better. Maybe I should try them on my kids food when they don't want to eat.
5. A full set of Ahmadinejad, Netanyahu, and Assad Voodoo Dolls, complete with pins and a few awesomely effective incantations
Summer is the time to catch up on reading (and help kids stay on an educational path when school is out!) while on vacation, at the beach, at the park or even laying on a hammock in your back yard! But after you have read all your books, wouldn't it be nice to swap them out for a new stash? Thredup, the amazing online clothing swap site is offering just that this summer with their new Summer Book Swap program:
05 She's Lost Control (Live)
I’ve had a lot of trouble with this prompt. This brief verse is the best I can do.
Blessèd be the Lord that taketh,
This wonderfully warming apple pie is a favorite in my kitchen especially at this time of year! In autumn, the apples are in season and are just so sweet, juicy and delicious. In the cool evenings there is such a comforting feeling in having the smell of apples and cinnamon wafting through the house…it’s enough to turn any house into a home!
The May 17 workshop will include the presentation “What is Islam and Who are American Muslims?” by Lobna “Luby” Ismail, executive director of Connecting Cultures Inc. Ismail is a training specialist with more than 15 years of experience in the areas of cross-cultural communication, cultural competency, Arab and American cultures, Islamic awareness, and religious diversity. She is the author of “Doing Business in the Middle East and North Africa” and “Finding Diversity.” She frequently is used as an expert by national media and major international news programs.
Had she not made it to the stop, things could have been even worse.
Programme & Portfolio Assessment
The 35-count indictment says that, beginning in July, Modica had sex with a 16-year-old, as well as oral sex with that boy and a 15-year-old. The judge issued orders of protection for the boys.
A couple weeks ago I shared a recipe for Cowboy Cookies that had crushed cornflakes in them. I really liked that addition so when I was sent this cookbook, Baking Basics and Beyond by Pat Sinclair, for review I knew I'd be making Chocolate Monster Cookies. These cookies were LOADED with flavor from oats to cornflakes to little candy coated chocolates. What makes these cookies different is that there's cocoa in the dough. Why didn't I think of that?
What a great way to enjoy lunch and help others!!!!
Something I love to give and to receive is a Christmas hamper... The most fun is thinking about the goodies to place inside... what my friends enjoy to drink or to eat... what they would find interesting to try and new flavours they might appreciate... I like to include a scented bulb or two to make the parcel smell delicious... There are so many ways to let someone know that you have thought about them... they don't have to be costly, they just take time and thought... and taking time over those we love is the greatest gift of all...
Other aliases for Mr Hollande included “Gouda”, the “Flan”, a caramel pudding that resembles one of his nicknames, and more transparently, “Rose of Correze”, combining the Socialist colour with Mr Hollande’s rural constituency in central France.
Curtain fabric: Braemore Fioretto
Paper: crumb cake, pool party (SU), heavenly white (PaperTemptress)
And thought of the quiet dead and the loud celebrities
The "Pre-Exam Formalities Notice" indicates a $999,600 fee for 9,996 independent claims over 3, and a $249,475 fee for 9,979 total claims over 20. (Apparently, either the PTO system is unable to process more than 9,999 claims, or the PTO stops charging for claims greater than 9,999.)
Rule out? Interesting. I’m not certain I ever seriously ruled myself in? Although…as of late, I have been suspicious that there is more that I am supposed to be doing. With this blog? Public speaking? I wish I knew.
08 dj talk
Get them for your mom even though you're probably too late if you still haven't bought mom something yet.
To learn more about the history and lives of those buried at the Hillcrest Cemetery you can also visit the Marshall County Historical Museum located on Van Dorn Ave, you can reach it by dialing 662-252-3669.
Speaking of that picture, you see my mom there messing with Daisy's mane? Well apparently we got the left rein put on backwards and I realized this just minutes before we were supposed to go in the arena. But the nimble fingered mommy got it figured out for me with plenty of time.
children’s books
11. . . splurge on Ugg boots. Try not to spoil my children, which could make them hate me. (I don’t know how to fix this scenario. I refuse to go on Cribs & discover 100 boxes of new sneakers in my daughter’s room.)
HAPPY FRIDAY everyone. I missed yesterday's post and I am so sorry, but that means a NEW CHALLENGE was issued yesterday over at Meljen's Designs. (No new release this week)
That was the first time in years that I hadn't had that
If you think you need to prove your point – you can always quote a text rather than making it an obsession to ensure your audience has gone to each and every passage. I like to work with a text – build towards something. Even if you have one point – make sure people get it. Be through with one point than…just breeze through 17.
Extra Notes:This is a double sided single disc in a standard jacket. In the US, Disney released two different Rescue Rangers title. Each one had two different episodes. This one contains Danger Ranger and Super Sleuths. Although there are Rescue Rangers discs released in Japan, it is undocumented on which episodes are on those discs. Each episode is on each side of the disc.
Hey everyone – Jeff wrote a little sumthin’ I wanted to share with you because he’s summed up this social media takeover quite eloquently. Get your morning/afternoon/evening hot bevvy, sit back and let me know what you think.
2011 has been a great year so far for Sapto Djojokartiko and his team. He started the year with a fashion show in Seoul, South Korea, promoting batik to the world in a collaboration with Batik Danar Hadi in “Marketing Investment Indonesia 2011″ and continues to collaborated with the brand on a fashion show couple of days ago. Earlier this April, the designer participated in Harper’s Bazaar Indonesia “Bazaar Bridal Week 2011″ and also held a fashion show for his 2011 Bridal Collection in the same event.
safety net/state hammock
His comments have angered senior police officers, who say that such statements undermine the work they do to encourage women to report rape, a notoriously under-reported crime.
Yours in the service of the nation,
And yet you have to. Unless conflict is to continue for generation after generation, you have to move on. How?
Sentiment : Stampa Rosa
None of the above justifies barring Captain Dan from the Oxford ball. Although some female students might find his act disturbing, they will not be required to perform acrobatics shortly afterwards. If the sight becomes too much for them, they can scream and bury their faces as they might when watching a horror film. I doubt many of them would get a good view of the taut appendage in any case. A dwarf with a vacuum cleaner attached to his knob is only fully exposed when the eye line is perpendicular to the direction of motion.
Even the most mild of the images is too horrible to publish without a warning, for it shows a young white schoolboy, a beautiful child of around twelve or thirteen, the same age as my own son. In the picture, the boy is still wearing his school uniform, a striped blazer and tie, and he has been hanged by the neck. In the image I can't show you the child still hangs from the rope which his killers used to strangle the life our of his young body. If you wish to see the image, it is not hard to find, just type “South African Farm Murders” into any internet search engine and you will soon find it, but if you can't bare to do that, I ask you to try and imagine the scene I have just described, we surely, at least, owe the child that.
(Appa had, I kid you not, 22 cups of powdered sugar. It was a HUGE cake with so. much. frosting.)
Today is the beginning of the most wonderful, most exhilarating, most challenging thing you will ever do, as long as you live. I can clearly remember the night you phoned me to say there was a tiny little heartbeat in your belly. We were both giddy with excitement.
B) Mars
Duncan Residence - Dining Room
Given the above scenario (with cooler and less wizardry wardrobe, I hope), would I take away Babe's Down syndrome?
they give me the chilly smile and the death glare.
1 1/4c. thick & chunky salsa
These days, the walk to work is a mild-paced stroll that starts off with Cheongmyeongsan (a local ‘mountain’) on one side, and twenty storey aparmtent buildings on the other side. The street is lined with trees and there’s a healthy bustle of local school kids darting back and forth on their way about their morning. As I walk along I pass a high school and an elementary school, which is where I cross the street. On the other side I walk a little further and take a left just at the outskirts of the main Yeongtong area where most of the restaurants and shops are situated. There’s a Dominos Pizza place which I’ve never ordered from, and a fantastic haemul calguksu place which I can’t get enough of!
Fjordman and I agree that if Europe succumbs to the Jihad, then America won’t stand a chance — if they go down, we go down. We will last longer, but we will face the same fate. The European crisis stands before us to warn America of what is to come.
I equate driving with playing the piano and because I cannot do that I cannot drive. Please tell me I'm an idiot. Please.
I love how the story concludes in Exodus 18. Jethro offers the hope of a preferred future, “If you do this and God so commands, you will be able to stand the strain, and all these people will go home satisfied.”
I need lots of 'Emotional Intelligence' today. I know I need it when my girl tells me to "go and read it yourself" when I asked her to go through her work which I had market and added little pointers to help her. I felt like shouting back at her about how rude she was and how much effort I had put in it and how that makes me feel like not helping her in her work again (and I did to a certain extent) so I know I need 'Emotional Intelligence" in order to teach her to have self control. Heck! If I can't control myself how can I expect her to control herself?
We’re also reminded that Hibito thinks the world of his brother, since he seems to tell pretty much everyone about him. But when the two of them are together, Hibito is pretty different. I guess that he can’t be soft on his rival (as they see themselves).
5. Then I took all of my printed recipes and organized them into categories such as Chicken, Soups, Mexican, Italian, Beef, Pork, Salads and typed them into a organized list.
I remember long ago on European nights like this
"That's because Dora is pretend," Liberty explained to her little sister.
“Well I’m sure I want you to have an abortion,” huffed Jack.
Perfect Lemonade
Enjoy your night tonight!
Stix 2 Foam Pads
The table became silent, each man’s eye shifting warily, almost suspiciously, from one crewmate to another. Beck stuffed a hand into his pocket and pulled out the straws, one clipped considerably shorter than the others. He regarded them thoughtfully, then glanced over at Emerson. “I don’t see anyone objecting to you holding the straws, Doc. Of course, that means you’ll have to draw last.”
I said, right? It was a land mine. I didn't ask, I said. It was my mother,
***Update #3***
I started this blog with the following sentence, “It seems to me that many people are walking (or should I say running) around today in a state of tunnel vision, living life as others expect them to live it as opposed to living it the way they would choose if they had a choice.” Well guess what, we do have a choice. We have a choice in everything that we do. We have a choice of living our lives the way that we wish to live them as opposed to living them for someone else. If this job is causing so much stress that it’s making us sick, we have the choice of leaving the job or sticking with it. But the sicker we get, the less choice we may have as the choice may be made for us.
the pride of british engineering had made its mark that day
Swarming like bees in the spring
The others said, “There is always a ritual. Give your conscience away, give to a new born child.”
I finally painted my vintage fork and spoon wall decor and I went for a bold and also my favorite color - Red! I love red in a kitchen and these lovelies will for sure add that pop of color I want in my kitchen. Here they are:
Cox’s Bazar (Bengali: কক্সবাজার) is a town, a fishing port and district headquarters in Bangladesh. It is known for its wide sandy beach which is the world’s longest natural sandy sea beach. It is an unbroken 125 km sandy sea beach with a gentle slope. It is located 150 km south of the industrial port Chittagong. Cox’s Bazar is also known by the name “Panowa”, the literal translation of which means “yellow flower”. Its other old name was “Palongkee”. The modern Cox’s Bazar derives its name from Captain Hiram Cox (died 1799), an officer serving in British India. An officer of the British East India Company, Captain Cox was appointed Superintendent of Palongkee outpost after Warren Hastings became Governor of Bengal. Captain Cox was specially mobilised to deal with a century-long conflict between Arakan refugees and local Rakhains. The Captain was a compassionate soul and the plight of the people touched his heart. He embarked upon the mammoth task of rehabilitating refugees in the area and made significant progress. A premature death took Captain Cox in 1799 before he could finish his work. But the work he had done earned him a place in the hearts of the locals, and to commemorate his role in rehabilitation work a market was established and named after him Cox’s Bazaar (“Cox’s Market”).
One thing about my personality is I ALWAYS root for the underdog, so I am Team Jacob. Don't get me wrong, I love me some Edward...he is one hot vamp, however, I prefer my men with a tan. This post reminds me of a seller on etsy that paints vampire slogans on mugs. One of my favorite saying's is "I like my men tall, dark, and dead." LOL :D
A seer, a seal, a seer
So we came here and it was a fantastic adventure and fun / scary / exciting / confusing / frustrating / fun and wonderful .. It has been almost 5 years now.
That right and the others in the First Amendment deserve a day of recognition and celebration. The UNC events include a debate about religious freedom, a reading of banned books and a discussion of codes of student conduct.
My stomach sinks. A familiar tingling creeps up my spine. A quick glance over my shoulder confirms what my senses have already told me. The Grim Reaper has announced its own horrid arrival.
150. The Restarts – Genetic Code
“Oh.” Sloan paused. “If you would like I could send Gordon to pick him up from the airport.”
There was a Mum at school who used to sell it, and then we moved to NZ, and I didn't get to know one there.
Nakagawa is known to be an ame-onna (a woman whose presence seems to cause rain), but on this day, she was able to hold a concert under clear, blue skies. “Birthdays are special,” she said. Nakagawa then showed her ambition of being a 27-year-old saying, “Quit being negative! Quit being a shut-in! Look at the cool, sexy, and sadistic Nakagawa Shoko!”
I figured out what our dog is. She is a Sprollie--a Border Collie/Spaniel mix. Whether she was intentional or an accident, we will never know. Judging from the area she was found in, anything is possible. It was a very poor area that is somewhat close to one of those trendy areas (Ohio City) of Cleveland. They certainly are cute puppies. Since she isn't trustworthy off leash, she could have run away and got lost. The vet thinks she is only a year old or so, so they found her when she wasn't even full grown.
Take a close look at Matisse’s painting The Dance, shown above. What is it about this painting that makes it “pop”? The dancers seem like they’re almost floating on top of the background. Why is that?
“…use it as an opportunity to learn about what’s most important to your business…consider causes that best match your company culture, and ask your employees about the causes that matter to them. If you can’t see and easily explain the connection between your brand and your charity, consumers won’t buy it (pun intended), and it’s unlikely the effort will sustain commitment.”
Turn and see
