Not only is the mask hindering me but it is very possibly hindering another lady from experience the grace and mercy of God.
discover their God-given potentials; be a part of their success story. If
This will almost certainly end up as a mere single panel at a much smaller size.
He further countered Bayer's argument that "reasonably affordable" price had to be construed with reference to the public and the patentee (in other words, the patentee's R&D costs must be considered):
Let's see....what else is new?
Hing/Asafoetida - 1 pinch
“How could you miss him!” I demanded. “He was right there!”
Do no longer use microwaves as they destroy up to 97% of the nutrients and vitamins in your food!
Scenarios and predictions are presented before you in an effort to get you to Create the possibility of the scenario presented happening. We ask you to think and feel upon the miracles that events such as disclosure and our presence among you will bring, but you must Create these scenarios yourselves or they will never manifest. Here in the higher realms, anything manifests instantly through thought and feeling, though of course it is not as easy to manifest things in the lower dimensions. The events you have been reading and hearing about that have been predicted to manifest, are very big events that will have far-reaching consequences and will take a lot of collective manifestation effort to happen.
We have much more control over our interactions with other people. We can use traditional methods to talk, such as via mail, calling, talking in person; however, we can now talk by Internet, text, etc. And we now have much more control over the time, place, environment, background, etc.
“Well, yes, and no. I always have a firm grasp on reality, and the reality I want to create. Writing about art, art that can be mainly a facade. You have to appear one way or another to be taken seriously. It is also fun to play games with this notion. It is also sad because it is much more fulfilling to be an audience for the illusion, than to know the inner workings. It is like this with anything. TV, movies, music. Even religion. Science. The world seems so mystical, but once you start learning it’s inner workings it becomes less fantastic. So playing with identity, playing art critic, pretending to be a huge art publication, is a way to be on both sides of the art world illusion.”
Jesus makes it clear in Matthew 5:17 that the law is good and not to be done away with. In other words, righteous and separated living is both commanded and promoted by Jesus Christ. Let’s go a step farther; SEPARATION WAS PROMOTED AND COMMANDED BY CHRIST. Revelation 2:2-3, which are the words of Christ given directly to John, commends the Ephesian church for taking a quite staunch stand against false doctrine and those who would pervert the church unto worldliness or compromise.
I must remember to call my mum,
We are out delivering eggs this evening and this is a conversation that transpires . . .
The Flight 93 mosque needs to be stopped, along with the Islamic victory mosque at ground zero in Manhattan. May the fight against these two desecrations strengthen each other.
it has left me content
All is OK and we are enjoying being a bigger family. As mentioned it does seem easier the 2nd time round.
‘They shall all be taught by God.’
The last dream fragment that I can barely remember took place in down town D during the day, and a government agent of some kind had come to investigate a case in D; and all the local and state law enforcement officers were wondering why a high level government agent had been sent for such a small/minor case, he must have been a CIA agent or a NSA Agent or a FBI agent or something.
Hop, skip, jump for joy!
Spring in Sweet November Land is a magical time of year. Sure, there is lots of play and good times to be had but there is also plenty of work to be done as well. And I know a few industrious denizens who love nothing more than to roll up their sleeves and get their hands dirty. Perhaps you will join me on
Size 10 1/2 US needles
Did anyone ever watch this show? It was about the town of Avonlea in the early 20th century. It mainly centered around the King family--sisters Hetty and Olivia, brother Alec, and their spouses and kids. I've looked for DVDs in the past, it may be time to search again . . .
and of course this makes perfect sense for my life at the moment, but it did get me thinking about the right side of our bodies and our businesses.
The thing with becoming a teenager is that their interests tend to change. The focus tends to be redirected if not paid attention to and some of these girls today seem to think they can do whatever they choose including talking to their parents any way they want. We are living in a time where the next generation is definitely a new species. They think they know it all and we as mothers knows absolutely nothing. And the mothers that really put in the work to raise their children to the very best they can are the ones who get kicked in the teeth, but the upside to it is they always have to come home. Regardless of what they may want to believe, at some point they have to come back.
I use the Thought into Action System(TM) as the starting point, whether the task is clearly defined or one where I know I’m looking for an innovative solution. Setting out what you’re trying to achieve and assigning some measures of success, even if they have to be quite broad at the start, means I’ve got something to test my ideas against to see if they’re suitable. Often you can define the task and then go away and work on something else, leaving the subconscious mind to do the work.
The next two venues for the show, in Australia and Toronto, are museums specializing in the moving image—film-based museums. So they changed the emphases and flow of the show. In Australia they used projected film clips which hadn’t been used in New York, and in Toronto they began with some of the early feature films rather than the student drawings.
Hi little one. I miss you so! Are you having lots of fun with your friends up there? Are you getting excited for your birthday next weekend? I bet you are. You are after all my son, and I get REALLY excited for my birthday! I would expect nothing less from you!
I never thought I would say that I enjoyed working out but I do enjoy bootcamp. I think it's because we change up what we do so much and I don't even have to think.....just do. If I leave my workout up to me, I usually end up giving up early or half assing everything. Not good.
Drew: *snuggling close* *BIG FAT SIGH* Awww this is nice.
honor His faithfulness by doing justly, loving mercy,
Black and Hendricksen's band is set to release a brand new digital single titled 'Big In The Body, Small In The Mind' (a cover of a folk song by Woody Guthrie) with cover art by original 2-Tone graphic designer John Sims (see above) and have launched a grassroots Facebook campaign to help get the song into the U.K. pop charts when it is released on May 30th. The band plans a series of releases this summer including another single 'Back To Black' (a cover of the Amy Winehouse song) and a new album 'Made In Britain'. The band has an ambitious tour schedule planned and will be in Italy this week followed by festival shows across the U.K. and Europe all summer. To that end, the band has been busy promoting online via a video as well as an interview they posted on YouTube that they conducted with Record Collector magazine. Watch below:
Bring her home late cuz it's a sin
family, relationships.
What I, or anyone else, may have to say might sound different to each other, i.e give the wrong impression. Joey will playfully joke no-harm-intended about Priscella’s new pink socks and think himself mighty clever but
Betty Selvey
1) Make a paper crafting or mixed media creation using wings as your theme or inspiration;
I thought this project would be such a sweet gift from something of generations past.
This is your last chance to register for the K¹² Spring Online Expo.
This set really has some fun sayings..which is what SSD is all about...Heather loves to create sets that are unique and amusing....hope you like it, and also hope you stop on over to Skipping Stones Design blog, and get a set for yourself...and while there try your own hand at uploading your creation...don't worry if you don't have a Skipping Stones Set to use....use what you have to create to Heidi's sketch, and you may be the lucky weekly winner that wins a set!
A beautiful queen gathering may-blossom with her retinue of ten women is captured by a knight who has long lusted after her but been afraid to come near her, not because of her lawful husband but because of her champion Sir Lancelot. Now, Guinevere has knights in her train but not Lancelot.
The following photos and descriptions come from Mandy's Royalty.org: "Queen Alexandra, the wife of King Edward VII, commissioned Garrard's to create this tiara in the style of a Russian peasant girl's headdress. Her sister Princess Dagmar, who had become Empress Marie of Russia, had a similar tiara which was the inspiration for the Kokoshnik.
This is one of the projects I am most ashamed of - it was an embroidery kit. For a pram cover. Just for the record, he's going to be 12 this year. I was enjoying the sewing....until I started watching Gone With The Wind whilst sewing and instead of that balloon going UP the way, I started sewing it ALONG the way. The unpicking almost broke my heart. It certainly broke my spirit and the project was shelved. But it really is beautiful.
What this means today, in the aftermath of the worst oil spill in U.S. history, is that the oil and energy industries must be nationalized under workers‘ control, with no compensation to the bosses. To pay for the clean-up operations, we must demand hundreds of billions of dollars from the oil and energy companies who are responsible for the destruction of the environment in the first place. At present, despite all their promises, Obama and BP have hired ridiculously small crews of workers to clean up the vast areas of contamination of wetland, beaches, and open ocean in the Gulf of Mexico.
He is bi-lingual. While speaking only his own language he understands English perfectly. We, on the other hand, can only guess what he is saying.
“Wait” (Tries the ON button.) “Nothing’s happening.”
Would the non-Muslim BN MPs in Sabah and Sarawak fall in line with such a move?
The Holy Martyrs Isaac, Apollos and Quadratus were pagans who served at the court of the emperor Diocletian (284-305). They were among the spectators who witnessed the sufferings of the Holy Great Martyr George (April 23).
As Robb used to sing in a high school musical he was in, "Company's Comin'!"
Then one of “the others” was there, and I went through a book I had given someone that had a bonus section of stickers with letters on them. His name was Chris, so I gave him the “Chs” sticker.
I blinked at him in surprise. Was he seriously asking me out? "Oh- Oh," I stammered. "Well sure, that would be nice. Maybe tomorrow?"
And that's all there is. Save for the promise that "THE QUADEAD ZONE WILL RETURN".
Later that night Martin rang to say good morning from Copenhagen Denmark where he is for meetings. The three of us had a good chat from my bed. My son joined us later and played Martin his new song. We laughed and the kids said good night leaving Martin and I to talk for only about 10 minutes. They had sucked up all my time with him but he was glowing. It was almost as if he had been here with us. And we felt like a family.
People can be lucky in many different ways - but being lucky in love is probably the best lucky of all.
Last night as I was describing this interchange to my wife, she asked the question, “Did you say anything to him about the gospel?” Immediately, my heart sank. Not only had I not said a thing about the gospel, but it did not even enter my mind to bring up Christ to this man. What went wrong? What was my problem in that moment? Why did I not recognize the opportunity and jump on it? The door was wide open for me to tell him of the Savior who has made me different than all the others who had berated him, and I blew it!
So there you have it, where I've been. I'll be back next week with my usual posting schedule, but until then: have a wonderful weekend! I'm off to hunt down antique treasures today with Naomi of Design Manifest fame, so wish us luck!
In the engineering library, the librarians remain for the most part, but there will be some layoffs. Also, the study hall and computer lab will remain open and they are moving many books to Annex. For collections, like Stanford, there’s a shift to online content. They implemented MyiLibrary for purchase-on-demand which seems fairly seamless for users to view an ebook they are interested in.
Stop victimizing those poor, poor helpless hookers that take your money for a few minutes of pleasure.
But this cold and cruel place holds me down.
How whenever Adelaide see's me lie down on the couch, she runs to her room for a blanket and comes back to curl up beside me...
"I know this seems a bit far fetched," I started, "but what if the seal was actually the people in the boat's pet, and they were just taking it for a swim?"
To prove Nat wrong, Paul takes her to the newspaper "morgue", where they find the school files from 1973 are missing. The creepy janitor pops up again, and tells them to start by questioning Professor Wexler. Instead of questioning the teacher, they break into his office. As they go through every drawer, shelf and bookcase, Natalie nearly jumps out of her skin when she finds a jacket similar to the one worn by the killer. (on a side-note, pause the movie as the camera pans around the room....you can clearly see a Freddy Krueger doll among Wexler's items in the room...) Oh, and there's also a shiny new ax in the room as well. I used to polish my ax every day, until I needed glasses...
I fell in love with feelings. Feeling motivated, feeling proud, feeling safe.
Reader’s Annotation: What do you when confronted with an alien race? Give them a Hollywood agent of course!
- Seek and contact bands, festivals, corporations, record labels, events, businesses to advertise with us.
Spiteful and vindictive wench that I am, eh?
Tracy started her first novel at the age of eight and has been hooked on writing ever since. After earning a B.A. in English Literature at Rowan University, she spent ten years writing drama presentations for church ministry before beginning to write fiction. A lifelong interest in history and mythology has led Tracy to extensive research into ancient Greece, Egypt, Rome and Persia, and shaped her desire to shine the light of the gospel into the cultures of the past.
I believe that even with the opposition as it stands today, if there was a General Election tomorrow the Conservatives could not win it.
Second, in Eyes Like Leaves, I love the main narrative thread involving Tarn and Carrie. There is a very nice sequence in the second hundred pages, for instance, where they have to shapeshift into the form of evil creatures to evade their pursuers, but then Tarn starts to lose himself in the role. But the sequences from the point of view of Puretongue and various side characters -- there are a surprising number of POV shifts in the second hundred pages -- are less compelling to me. In those other sequences, I was always anxious to get back to Tarn and Carrie.
University of Jos, and in
Paul in 1 Thessalonians 4 provides the broad outline: When Jesus returns, “those who have fallen asleep” will come with him, and those still alive will meet him in the air. The “dead in Christ” will be raised before the living believers are caught up, and together the whole “family of God” will meet Jesus in the air. Paul concludes, “So we will be with the Lord forever.”
And now Quadrille for Jack Rogers.
Small bottle (airline bottle) of hazelnut kahlua
The next morning, my doula and midwife came to my house to welcome our little Helen into this world. She was living, breathing, relaxed and the picture of a perfect home birth. A perfect young life.
The beers I mentioned earlier are all canned only brews—no bottling from those guys—so as great as they are, they're off the table. What I need is four separate breweries that both bottle and can their beer—a domestic ale maker, an overseas ale producer, a domestic lager producer and and an import lager brewery—a beery tale told in four parts, if you will. Each beery scenario produces a variety of possible or shall I say, road bumps to each producer—time, temperature fluctuations and light exposure, so I' should be able to cover all the bases.
Celebrities with a Triangular face shape: Katie Holmes and Victoria Beckham.
life slowly began to return to normal.
The problem is, you can't just set down the water gun, because if you do, it will rocket away from you. Since it's conveniently attached to this long metal arm that conveniently spins around so you can reach all sides of your car, the water gun will then spin in circles around your car. You will then be the imbecile chasing an inanimate object around your car and shrieking at it to stop.
And stepping in and seeing all the pictures of her still posted on the walls. And seeing the various plaques and certificates bearing her name.. It was a little to much. So I slept… and when I woke and barely peeked through, I saw a picture of her smiling (at me) and I felt at peace.. It would be the same smile she would give me had she been there and saw me sleeping.
Carmen E Hancock (Barnsley Independent Group) 984
I have to drive my kids to school every day and its a 25 mile drive there and 25 miles back, so I do this twice a day. Not one single day goes by where I am not scared. I see vehicles swerving on the highway as if they were drunk, only to see them looking down into their laps as they text. It’s ridiculous. Let me tell you, if you were ever responsible for any kind of harm coming to one of my children, I would hunt you down, I promise! I’m pretty sure any other parent would feel the same way.
Several books are in a storage unit so I'd better get cracking or part of my reading day will be spent going through boxes.
Day One: April 30, 2012: Today I put on Pandora.com, sang and danced by myself to the music of the Temptations. “I got sunshine, on a cloudy day.”
I plan to continue writing and speaking about this as bipolar illness is always there, lurking, and one has to be cognizant of the signs and triggers. For the past few years, I have not really had depression as I did when I was younger, but, rather some manic episodes which left some destruction in their wake.
Mukesh Bhatt is soon going to give their audience again an erotic entertainment pill. This time with ‘Blood Money’ he has presented Kunal Khemu and Amrita Puri as the lead casts. Vishal Mahadkar has directed the film and Mahesh Bhatt himself written the script. Bhatt camp is a renowned name in the Indian Bollywood Industry for the makings of bold image cinema. Mukesh has also roped in Jeet Ganguly as the music director . Jeet has given a Sufi song music in the film which is appreciated well.
Published: 2nd February 2006
While pressing for separate statehood, they add that, with the migration of ‘outsiders’, the ethnic Coorgs have become a minority in Coorg.
Doug and I went out for our usual Friday morning coffee and scones at B&B at Northpark shop centre and who should pop in to have coffee with us but my dearest craft friends , Fran and Sandy . They all get on so well with Doug and wanted to wish him well after learning that he had been in hospital over Easter . It was great to catch up .
Footnote 6. Guess what. Generations of soldiers in England (!!!) and everywhere else were told in no uncertain terms to "man up" and face battle over and over again, that their anxiety attacks and numb body parts and repetition compulsion and screaming nightmares were womanish and hysterical. Guess what didn't help? People telling them to "get over it." Guess what else? Psychologists wised up and began to take it seriously. And you know what else? I will tell you what else: yes, yup, and you betcha, people can suffer PTSD after merely watching planes hit buildings, people plummeting to their deaths, a dust plume coming at them, and buildings falling at their feet.
Just writing-in “none of the above” won’t count without a pre-designated slate to receive that vote. The same goes for writing in a specific person’s name — if no slate of delegates exists pledged to that person, those write-in votes get tallied … then tossed.
A group could carry plastic hatchets and knives and put B’s on their chests and go as Killer B’s
She looked over the shoulder of the man in front of her. Wasn’t it over yet? Didn’t anyone need to check on children or a pot on the stove? Didn’t anyone have to go to the bathroom? She wanted to go home and see her evening shows on TV. And it was getting cooler as night crept over them and the fire lost its warmth as it died. But the people standing here just rubbed their folded arms held tight to their bodies and watched on. They talked of other fires in the past, near misses to tragedy and things they were going to change when they got home. But no one moved to go. Time seemed to stand still.
$10. 10 a.m. to 5 p.m. Cal Expo's Buildings C and D, 1600 Exposition Blvd.
“I thought it was 6% too,” acknowledged Ann Hulka, the senior VP for real estate development who was named as the recipient of the memo. “But I haven’t had a chance to talk to Kathy.”
and I’m scared. Of failing again, crying again
The Last Crusade is big action, big adventure, and big heart. In hindsight it should have been the end of Indiana Jones period. I have a tough time wondering why we clamored for twenty years for another one. After the Star Wars prequels, we should have known we would wind up with CGI gophers and dumb aliens.
"Yeahh!"
UPDATE: I'm home from doc and all is good & contractions will be coming & going but they aren't painful enough yet to be very productive! Will keep you posted & hopefully I still have a couple mroe weeks to go :)
Watch these specific towns for severe weather in the next 24-72 hours … damaging winds, hail, and possible tornadoes.
Scientists have been forced to withdraw a study on projected sea level rise due to global warming after finding mistakes that undermined the findings.
“See, receiving the Blood better emphasizes that the lay people offer sacrifice through the priest since it is a complete sign of the One Sacrifice.”
Our original plan was to go to Pripyat, the now abandoned city that housed the workers (and their families) who worked at the Chernobyl Nuclear Plant. From what my friends have told me, it used to be that you could arrange a tour anytime with an agency in Kyiv, but the laws changed shortly before we made our trip and you have to plan at least 12 days (not including holidays) in advance so that a permit may be obtained. We were not able to go for this reason and it is still on our list of must-visit places in the future, although we did go to the museum in downtown Kyiv, which we thought was one of the most interesting museums we had been to and very well put together.
69. If I Tell Janet Gurtler
Faisal (Memonz Mind)
R3- sc in 4sc, sc dec twice, sc in 4sc (10)
Make fruit salads, and then refrigerate them
And then my sister has been in hospital this last week as an emergency admission. Whilst my parents are away on holiday (ssh, we're not telling them). So I've been visiting and trying to help where I can, in a week that leads up to my employer's national conference.
2 limited
22. Instruments Check (0:25)
This means kids take a two hour long test on Monday and Tuesday. Then the school scrambles to make sure that every kid who missed taking it on those days end up taking it on Wednesday, Thursday, and Friday. If they don’t take the test, they fail the test. If they fail the test, they can’t graduate. Luckily this test is given to the 10th graders. So they got 2 more years to make it up. (That happens the week before FCAT Week).
“My kitty!” cried Bantum as all his chickens suddenly began flapping and squawking.
I'm only 8 DPO and ran out to Dollarama and grabbed myself 5 hpt.... Lord know's I'd been trying to stay away from that store for the entire week. Ever since I was grabbing a few last minute stuff for Mr.M's "goodbye summer" cookout, and I saw that kit right next to my favorite cotton face pad, I knew I was in trouble.... I mean, c'mon!!! The ability to end the mental agony of wondering, all for just ONE buck?
Proverbs 2:2 is the takeaway today. “Make your ear attentive to wisdom, incline your heart to understanding.”
The purchase has not been finalized yet, but Carey has supposedly already hired interior decorator Kenneth Bordewick to create a pink palace for her not-yet-conceived princess. Judging by pictures of Mimi’s closet in her New York home, we can’t wait to get a peek at what she might do for a nursery. And while there’s no current indication that she’s expecting–Nick has been quoted as saying “soon, like a couple of years”, or that adoption is even on the horizon, by moving into this swanky pad the pair will guarantee they’ve got neighbors in the know to go to for diaper-changing advice (assuming the nannies have the night off), the Beckham brood lives in the neighborhood.
Even if the side effect stings
I'm doing the whole mixed-feelings thing right now, because last year, I had an okay time, but not a *great* one. The Kalahari resort itself felt pretty icky to me honestly, with it's tacky decorations, and staff that seemed almost *subservient*. It felt like I was in the heartland of consumerist privileged America. It just made me feel icky... That said, I did meet some awesome people, go to some great talks, and I finally started to really enjoy myself just as we were getting ready to leave. :-P I want to make it clear that my reluctance to go has nothing to do with the actual organization of the conference itself! Just a few issues with the venue... If you want to find out more about my experiences there last year, you can read my write up, complete with lots of pictures, here. As to why we're going this year, even though there are some other conferences I might prefer to go to, is that Emi is planning on meeting a friend she's known online for about 7 years now. This friend is near enough that they can actually manage to get together if we go to the waterpark, which pretty much clinched the decision.
Tiring of angst, agony, irony, and other vestiges of the postmodern in our literature, the book group unanimously elected to pursue the reading of P.G. Wodehouse's The Mating Season. As I have yet to make it through a Jeeves and Wooster novel or even collection of short stories, this will present a signal challenge and opportunity. Wodehouse is much like Chesterton for me--legions of vehement fans--but I just don't get it. So let's hope that this is my opportunity to get it--and, if not become a rabid fan, at least have a new source of gentle comedy to turn to when the angst of the new age becomes too overwhelming.
As Sir James struggles, the man in the beaver hat emerges from behind a screen. Under the man's penetrating gaze, Sir James ceases to struggle. He looks around. Balfour House! How did he get here? He sees Roger Balfour dead on the floor, exactly where he left him. But that was five years ago! Or was it? Has it all been a dream, these five years, all his patient plotting and planning to possess Lucy? All a dream during the few seconds as he made his way to the door?
Land is usually an emotional subject for most people as it provides them livelihood. It is a source of existence for many communities. Native Americans suffered due to this land grab in US, where many hollywood bigshots had to come forward to raise voice for their right. One such was Marlon Brando. He showed how land of American Indians was being grabbed for selfish purposes.
I'm participating in the April Ghouls Day festivities and posting finished pictures of Zombie John. Please follow the link on the right for more Ghoulish fun on participating blogs.
If you're a parent, think again.
Is not enough that you get caught lying when you said you paid her out of your own pocket.
Incidentally, apocryphal Jewish texts explain that the Fallen Angels were the Lucifer and his legions, who were cast out of Heaven, and took wives from the female descendants of Cain. They produced a race, according to the Bible, known as the Anakim. (See also: Numbers 13, Deuteronomy 9:2, Joshua 15, and Judges 1:20)
Talina in the Tower, is published on February 2nd 2012 by Orion Children’s Books
Derek Clark came to prominence not just because of his boasts of fraud but many will remeber his despicable behaviour and cowardice when he tried to oust one of UKIP's most loyal supporters in the East Midlands - Peter Baker.
. We then went back to Ladysmith and through to Roosboom, where we fetched Elliot. He said that he is secretary of his church, the Christian Catholic Church, and he might be in a position to get them to accept the Message. We drove first of all to Acton Homes, to see old man Mbele, who was out drinking beer with a neighbour, but came running when he saw us, and was overjoyed to have visitors. We went inside out of the wind, which was blowing very strongly, and sat down to discuss the Message. Elliot explained it to him, and then he read a bit, and he was overjoyed by that too, and said it was just the thing he had been waiting for.
I am a frustrated preacher and this has led me into an area of my life that I’m not yet fully understanding: I am a frustrated Christian. I can’t explain it yet, but I am working on it intensely. I will be sharing with you some of my history in a several post series blog entries. These post are aimed at serving two ends. First, they are cathartic. I need to share what I have been learning and the path that I believe the Lord has set before me in recent days. Not that my particular story is special but that, second, I know there are people in the world who have the exact same sense of frustration and anxiety over their faith walk. I hope to engage you in conversation or be an encouragement to you.
to produce a sketch which was merely a plan
Beunka Adams has repeatedly expressed his deepest regrets for taking part in the robbery. Mr. Adams is the father of three children and a healthy young man that can be a great asset to society in the future.
Do the Clam....Elvis Presley
Fortunately, a jogger came along the path next to the street. A quick question, instructions to take the path, turn left, then right, I was on my way and into the woods wondering how lost I could get. Then I reached an intersection with a sign of a place I recognized from the map: “Unterschweinstiege”
EQUALIZED!!!
he has no idea if she is coming back at all. Determined to make her happy when she does come home, he sneaks to the phone box every night to take part in radio quiz to win an all-expenses paid holiday. The only problem is you need to be 18 to take part, so Laurence puts on a Scottish accent and gives his Dad’s name, and this is just the start of his problems.
1 gentleman
Devon Espinosa, mixologist extraordinaire - also last seen on Quantum Kitchen (and since moved on to .ink and now Pour Vous) - was on hand with a themed list of 'cock'tails to kick off the meal. I couldn't resist the devilishly sacrilegous Blood of Christ ($12) on an early Easter Sunday morning...though the description of ingredients should have told me otherwise (beef eater gin, orgeat, strawberry, pastis), I think in my mind I was envisioning some variation of a Bloody Mary. What arrived was pinkish, light and refreshing, and more of a girly drink than I expected, with a giant strawberry as garnish. So much for my plan of devious defiance!
to close schools without so much as a whisper to parents, staff, administration, or even the school board. Even by the Broad Foundation’s School Closure Guide, there is a firm advisement that a successful school closure process has to involve sufficient community feedback, engagement, and revision of plans.
Overall this was a fantastic debut! I cannot wait to get my hands on the next one!!
I understand that this is a delicate issue for Airbnb, after all who is telling the truth? But if Airbnb want to succeed they need to understand that their stakeholder is the customer and not the host. By all means don't banish the host from doing business after one negative experience, but what is the purpose of a trust based service when you can't leave a negative review?
I’m the old gunnysack
Don't get me wrong, it's all a lot of fun. It reminds me of a thrill ride at Universal Studios except it lasts a whole lot longer. The special effects are pretty incredible while the action is wonderfully absurd. We witness the longest earthquake in human history with all destruction conveniently choreographed to allow our heroes to barely escape certain death from cracking highways, crashing overpasses, and collapsing buildings. There are fires and explosions. It's all flashy and noisy and great fun as we watch millions die and our largest cities turned to rubble. And that's not all! There are tsunamis, volcanoes, fire from the skies, windstorms of deadly ash. Oh, and did I mention great fun?
Note to self:
The other thing is these people are elitists. They believe in eugenics.
Once on the grill I continued to baste the mixture on the chicken. It was wonderfully moist in spite of how the picture above may appear. I could see doing this marinade on many other things. I could see chorizo stuffed inside hamburgers!
Weekend alarm Mode
He pointed out that the Singapore project has the solid support of the Yale Corporation, the governing body of the university, and some 50 to 60 faculty involved in the set-up of the college.
As soon as I saw this image I knew that this was my cute and cuddly card - cos this little girls cute and the bunnys cuddly! I also knew I had the perfect paper to go with that checky trim on her dress. I got these papers free with Simply Cards and Papercraft magazine. They are from Websters Pages and are a collection of 36 papers in a 6x6 pad, quite the best giveaway I've had from a magazine cos all the papers are fab, I've used them a few times now . I wanted to give this card a vintage look so I used only black and dark umber pencils for the shading.
How do we wield this weapon? How does it work? In John 8:31-32, Jesus said, “If you continue in My Word, then you are truly disciples of Mine; and you will know the truth, and the truth will make you free.” If we are to wield the weapon of The Word, we must KNOW The Word.
A photographer has a way of watching different compared to ordinary persons and learning to observe is not easy as it may seems... READ MORE
I have to wonder if his mind was set on the hookup of Richard’s computer or fishing.
Friends- I am providing livestream production services for a special press conference featuring Rick Ross live from New York City – It is powered by Telestream’s Wirecast on the new YouTube Live Channel for The Warner Sound.
Of those who produce a publication for members, almost 26 percent reported the publication is in an “electronic” form. Print publications are done by 42 percent of those responding, while 3.2 percent reported they communicate both electronically and in print.
7. And, of course evangelization. I am a big proponent of the saying ascribed to Padre Kino, “If you bring the bible in one hand, you’d better have bread in the other.” So we’d give to places like Catholic Relief Services, Casa Maria (I love the Catholic Worker Movement!), and the local food banks. I’d also give to the up & coming #IuseNFP movement, starting by giving some funding to my friends Kayla and Katie who are starting the new I use NFP website. Maybe I could help with some marketing & PR to raise the profile, and win more friends to the movement.
09:00 - approx. 14:00 at the Berario Recreation Centre cnr Dolores Ave & King Street Berario Johannesburg
So what are you waiting for get Crafting.
We then took two tape measurements and used one to measure every 11” and the other to measure the 9 1/2” and placed a small mark on the fabric to have a guide for our buttons.
I'm going out on a limb here, however, because I think what I'm about to tell you about is going to be relevant to a lot more moms than many breastfeeding advocates would like to admit. As much as I am proud of nursing Chase to 16 months, and as enjoyable as it has been, I find myself completely fed up now. It's hard to admit that here, I know a lot of our followers are staunch breastfeeders and firm believers in "child led weaning." But I am not. I do not object to older nurslings, and if not for several factors, I wouldn't have a problem with it for myself...but there's a lot going on here that I'm struggling with at 16 months.
It is most certainly a tough call…. because having Rob Kardashian in the final should have me believing it’s really a Final 2. But the kid came out strong (and it doesnt hurt to have the whole family, yep even Kim, in the audience) proving he may actually be a contender. Listen, if Kris Jenner hs anyhing to do with it… we could see Rob K on the cover of People by tomorrow. It’s a possibility, a very real possibility… brace yourselves, because it could happen.
3 steer
-San Diego community support -was incredible! The amount of people taking 3 days to follow (walker stalkers) us and cheer us on as we are walking showed such dedication and made me feel so appreciated
And the end of the world
On Wednesday, June 18, 2008, I found out, that I was, somehow, amazingly, miraculously, pregnant. Eight weeks pregnant we would discover when my husband did an ultrasound on me upon my return to Eglin AFB. Eight weeks pregnant with a six WEEK old son.
I do this once in the spring and then I use the rear bagger in the fall for leaves and mulch.
Street of Black Dogs
They will help the older crowd assimilate the news. Everyone will
Second, throw caution to the wind. (The icy icy wind) NYE is one of those nights when you can get away with being overdressed, like on your birthday. You can totally pretend that you have some other fancy party awaiting you later in the night while you toss back Kamikaze shots in your spangled strapless minidress and elbow length gloves at Stetson's.
It is the rhythm that moves you. It is rhythm that moves all of us. Rhythm is actuality is the universal common denominator. Music is built on rhythm. Our bodies respond to rhythm, in fact they don’t just respond to it they operate on it; your heartbeat, breathing, brainwaves, hormone cycles – all rhythmic. The same is true for the natural world; the tides, lunar phases, seasons, precipitation cycles – all dependable, constant, predictable, and rhythmic. What about how we live? Everyday a flow of traffic is running a constant stop and go pattern. Most of us have a pattern of work and rest both daily and within a weekly rotation. We follow rhythms we've establish or have had established for us at work, day in day out, sun up sun down, breath in breath out – life has a rhythm.
Oh, and one other tidbit from my day! A friend introduced me to a delicious arabic treat of thin bread, filled with an extremely salty cheese and then briefly cooked in a very hot oven. Delicious! I paired the bread with a perfectly tart lemonade and thoroughly enjoyed the treat.
There will be some kind of trial
These are great for a nice spring dinner without all the fuss!!
Aero Neutral
I am very active in the church and love Jesus very much.
He pauses.
It also seems odd that I would feel this way just when things are going well for me. I have a job now, and I have my vision restored. I was very happy for a few days and now, after the novelty is gone, I find some old patterns reemerging. I am posting this to be of help with other people with the same melancholy. Working at a job where you need to be upbeat and cheerful, full of energy and able to work well as part of a team has it’s dangers. If you don’t have much of a life otherwise, you can develop too great an attachment to your job and your coworkers. I posted something about how coworkers are not your friends and how you shouldn’t expect too much from your coworkers or boss. I deleted it because I didn’t want to hurt the feelings of anyone I worked with. But I think they understand this as well. It takes a special skill to ‘turn it on’ so to speak and be pleasant and professional in spite of whatever personal feelings you might have. I am not sure I have it. I can do that to an easier extent with customers than with coworkers. Sometimes my true self comes through a bit when I am around the same people day after day. But I am much much much better at social skills and customer service now than at any time in the past. I can be pretty good at it. This is why I am concerned about this sudden despondency. I could tell my boss detected something when she thanked me at the end of the day today. I didn’t return her sparkling smile right away, although I did smile. It just wasn’t ‘on’, just like that. Again I need to remind myself to be ‘on’ when at work, and use my social skill. You can’t really be yourself if you are involved in sales of any kind. Nobody wants to be around that, they want and need an upbeat, smiling environment in order to deal with their own stress and melancholy. And certainly for the customer, I want to provide a fun experience. So I will find a way to perk myself up again. I know I have people that care about me and want to see me succeed. Feelings that I don’t belong or that I can’t cut it cannot be a part of my self talk or I will sabotage all my best efforts. This is a challenge for me, because customarily, in the past, I haven’t had to step up to quite as much of an extent. But I have gotten pretty good at all these things. I am reasonably confident that I can be that good again, and get even better at my job.
Unfortunately, my washer is no longer working. The repair guy said it will cost almost as much to fix it as it will to buy a new similar model. The thing is, if I get a new washer, I'll want something that's been tranformed and if I get something transformed I'll want a dryer to go with it.
Now, I live in Leamington Spa, in Warwickshire. An attractive town, but about as far away from the sea as you can get. I was about to say, not particularly inspiring, but then I realised that I have used bits of the town, the cafes, shops, the streets, the parks, river, houses, etc. etc. in my books. My latest, This Is Not Forgiveness, is set in a town very like it, not exactly the same, of course, I would find that too restricting, but not dissimilar. It's an unexceptional town, where ordinary people live, so if you are writing a book about ordinary people, I guess it helps to live and write about somewhere that is easily recognisable, ubiquitous even. That's what I tell myself, anyway.
And now without further ado I'd like to congratulate my winner........
There are many ways by which a person can be called a political opportunist.
I'd like to enter this in:
I used to not like the crazy ass driving – cars parked all over the fucking road, and you just weave back and forth over the centre line like nobody’s business. That doesn’t bother me anymore. Nor does driving a manual/stick shift – most cars here ARE manuals. If you can only drive an automatic it says so on your license, like, hey, check out THIS fucking loser!
On Tuesday, Planetary Resources Inc., whose mission has been shrouded in secrecy, will outline in Seattle its plan to send an unmanned spacecraft to an asteroid and mine it for valuable metals and water that could be used in further space exploration or returned to earth.
they were shot a few years back, but most of them are unpublished. plus, i’m quite sure the scenery has not changed much since then.
And now the winner of one SIGNED copy of 'Silence' by Becca Fitzpatrick is...
10:20. A little late because the post took a bit longer than anticipated, it was time to shower and get ready, which I did.
Obadiah is the smallest book in the Old Testament having only one chapter with 21 verses. This prophecy is against the Edomites, an ancient people who had descended from Esau, Jacob’s brother, and who were a long-time enemy of God’s chosen people.
Tell yourself
The movie hasn’t changed a bit (well other than the stars that Cameron CGI’d in to be the exact replica of the stars on that night), and yet I appreciate it so much more. I’ve seen it countless times, and I found myself tearing up at various points throughout the film, and practically bawling like a baby at the end, when she returns to the Titanic. The script is hilarious, in my opinion, and the movie isn’t particularly well-acted by Kate and Leo, but somehow, it still manages to touch my heart in a way very few movies can.
China Glaze: Pom Pom, Snow Globe, Fairy Dust
Renewable, renewable, renewable is the solution! For the whole world to reduce the co2 emission, countries should spend more on renewable energy rather than spending building power planets on working on (oil, coal, natural gas).
Birth Date: 10/31/1967
Universe, I hope you hear me, I hope you see me.
The party paid for the negative mailer – which suggests Bart Haggerty was involved in his brother’s alleged scheme - that recently landed in mailboxes in Forest Hills, Queens.
White South Africans have been thrown to the wolves and left to be eaten by hyenas.
I'm excited about next week's post! I'll give you one clue about it since I know you're just dying with anticipation...cleaning.
With that said, I ordered a third starter as my entree - unable to resist the lure of Kobe Beef Tartare ($19) with quail egg, waffle fries, evoo mashed potato, black truffle vinaigrette, and parsley. The flavors were amazing and infused evenly throughout the beef. The meat pieces could have been a bit more distinct (Petrossian's hand-cut steak tartare has ruined me for this dish anywhere else, in terms of texture), but it was an otherwise well executed dish, and the waffle fries provided a nice decorative touch.
So what do you think? Does it make sense? Nicely, I’d like to claim ownership but I would be misleading you. All of those recommendations are direct from Google’s official website. They are telling us in black and white what they may be trying to find, and present an important series of queries they ask about a web site when evaluating its excellence. The questions are utilized by manual reviewers and will ultimately be incorporated within the Google algorithm to ensure that all sites will probably be judged the same way.
So, do you want to become a better blogger and to blog better right? I know that it was not easy to blog, especially for newbie’s. Blogging is one of the greatest way to make more money, and blogging is one of the best way to make a living on the internet.
Thanks for adding color to my life and stains under my fingernails. When there’s a green splotch on my thumb, I know I created something.
is the sense of history that they evoke, or that things seem so much more simple and unpolluted "back then", or that their images seem to have a sense of dignified whimsy?
I decided to jump before I was pushed.
Where games are concerned, New York, and the modeling thereof, is a primary conduit for things that cannot happen, or things that need to happen over and over in a slightly different way each time. Not just a conveniently located backdrop, but a thing that can be toyed with digitally, again and again, first by the game developers and then by the gamers themselves. Occasionally, even, the simulations might accidentally model things that have yet to happen. Conspiratorial cyber-fantasy Deus Ex was awash with its own ideas about the sinister possibilities of our politico-military techno-future, but what was the meaning behind the twin towers missing from its future skyline? A year before the towers were destroyed? The silent bells of paranoia began to ring.
Here's the sketch this week - another wonderful sketch from those talented ladies at Midnight Madness. This week's challenge is sponsored by Sugar Creek Hollow. Sugar Creek Hollow specializes in vintage, shabby and primitive style digital stamps. Tracy, the owner, is celebrating SCHs 6th month anniversary on September 1 with a HUGE $50 gift certificate to her store for one lucky winner. Go HERE to find out the details and enter for your chance to win big. You'll love SCH digi stamps and right now some of the new fall stamps are starting to show up in her shoppe.
My procrastination turned into mercy and grace in the form of Joshua. God knows me so intimately! He knew the longing of my heart to produce a child whose heart would beat outside of my body and may perhaps have features I could identify as mine or my husbands. I had fallen into that awful trap of feeling that God was punishing me. This was one of the largest of my spiritual battles. God blessed me with yet another little miracle in Joshua, and all the circumstances surrounding the pregnancy would leave God’s fingerprints all over it! I gave birth to Joshua only one year (almost to the date) before the possibility of conception would have been gone even more so than before because of the cancer that would be discovered in my ovaries.
I was very struck with it when I read it. I thought I would love to do this. I don’t ever know what makes me want to direct a play or not direct a play. You just respond to it or not – and then once you start to work on it, you spend a long time trying to find why you wanted to direct it. It’s a gut response. And also the casting of ensemble members like Laurie Metcalf and Kevin Anderson and people like that.
Have a listen to “You Will Be Alone” below and snag a download of the track off Alaska In Winter’s official Soundcloud!
"You hear that boys? This little one thinks that he's the face!
- As they bake the bars can get a foamy film on the top, but no worries, the powdered sugar will cover it.
So, one finds a witness (or set of witness) to testify against their own profession according a strict format (that an injury was the “proximate”result of a breach in the standard of care…etc) all of which needs to come to court with the Complaint.
With Booker-shortlisted AD (Andy) Miller (SNOWDROPS) after his very intriguing session, which delved into Russian politics, corruption, the nature and mindset of Russian society, the dangers to journalists in the 'pseudo-democracy' of the former Soviet superpower, and much more
The SA defense Force will not be our problem as they would not deploy the Army against the whites, they would not have the time. The Army would be deployed against the rebels, but many whites would be caught in the crossfire. It may start out as a war against whites, but that will not last long, because they are going to turn on themselves almost as soon as they started the fight. The rebel groups will be our greatest threat, vigilante and opportunistic anti-white criminal gangs, they will run rampant in the streets and shoot anything that moves, rape and do the most horrendous things to people, groups of drunk drugged common criminals and mass-murderers with machine guns and pangas.
Marlene: What was your inspiration for this story?
The amount is takes to pay for a basement remodel has caused many to leave this space undone. If you consider the cost of a finishing package for your remodel, you will find it will be much less than once thought. It does not give you a conventional look to the room.
on behalf of the EverQuest Team
Mr. Estévez seemed a bit depressed and it seemed that he did not go outside much anymore and that he had not had contact with anyone in a long time, I am not sure if I was in the dream or not at this point, and I think that there were some flashbacks of times when him and his group used to meet at the apartment-like house; but I am not sure.
I’ve thankfully never experienced being close to a fire, be that a house-fire or a brushfire. The nearest I’ve come is watching a forest fire spread across the parched hills whilst working in Southern France but I unlike the firemen was personally miles away from the danger.
I publicaly invited you to email me, as an offer, to hear your side of the story, in terms of why your comments were being censored. In the first email I sent you, I clarified my request, and my commitment; where I stood on the issue.
Some (possibly many) of you may never have had the 'opportunity' to spend time in Americas 'urban' neighbourhoods, but I will tell you that my ex grew up in one as part of a financially disadvantaged family, and the first years of our relationship saw me spending a fair amount of time visiting in 'the hood', overhearing things rather like what the kids on Ghetto Hikes say.
The rundown:
* Gain or add to your DT experience.
"I wish you would get it and read it, because it is really a bloody wonderful book."
The Tabernacle is a picture of Christ’s first ministry on the Earth. There was nothing in His appearance that we should desire Him, as the Scripture says in Isaiah, but internally, he was beautiful. The tabernacle would cost millions to make by today’s standards, since the interior shone due to all the gold. Yet, on the outside, the Tabernacle was not an extremely attractive tent. It was sort of bland. This shows Christ’s nature during His first ministry: not as impressive on the outside, but inwardly beautiful.
Some “urban myths” about True Colors:
Queenie
Just to be sure that everyone tagged knows they have been invited to play, go to their blogs and leave them a special comment letting them know, and refer them to your blog for details.
I love you Carter!
if I close me eyes tight,
THE COURT: what are you talking about?
Sometimes i feel this incredible thickness where all this emotion comes to a head on this dirty sidewalk. i wonder if we went away... if we quit being a voice - if that thickness, that emotion... would go away.
Thank you to everyone who played along with last week's challenge, the creations are all gorgeous. The DT and I truly love checking out all your work.
Today William began his low dose IL-2 infusion. We spent a very long time at the clinic getting some labs test kinks worked out and then due to a shortage of home health nurses, finally got the infusion started around 8pm---at HOME. Despite the mild frustration from all the waiting and delays today, it is all better than being in the hospital. Normally this infusion is started under 24 hour observation in the hospital. However, William previously tolerated the low dose infusion just fine so the doctor cleared us to remain at home pending all other insurance approvals and various hurdles cleared. He'll complete the infusion on Friday night and we are hoping he keeps the typical fever side effect at bay so we don't wind up at the hospital for a late night antibiotic infusion. Then on Monday, Aug. 1st, William and I check back into UCSF for the 5 days of antibody therapy. This will complete round 4 of 5.
YEAST SKIMMING PARACHUTES AND PIPES - Owing to lack of circular brushes these extension pipes of parachutes had not been brushed for a very long time, and consequently were in a dirty condition and contaminating pitching yeast. These have now been cleaned, and I recommended changes of yeast from another brewery while this was being done.'
But I never lost one minute of sleepin',
Vintage Watches – The Forgotten Luxury
This is what I ended up with at the end of my bed . Yes, a dog bed. I don't think I will be changing it anytime soon. So how about you guys, do you have anything at the end?
A lot of time was spent, analyzing the databases of the 6/49 lottery, searching for a suitable equation in order to reproduce all interval curves for the 49 numbers. The equation applies to all 6/49 type games only. The bonus number is not included in the calculations.
All in all, a truly fantastic night that justifies the early sell out date for the whole weekend ten times over.
In August, TLC cancelled the once-popular show, which chronicles the life of Gosselin and her eight children with ex-husband, Jon. After the announcement, Gosselin took to Twitter to share her thoughts on what is life-changing news for her family.
That shade.
Would it change the amount of love you have for your children?
16. My Guitar Wants To Kill Your Mama (3:38)
John 17:11-19
I just cracked open what may be the next plane, a Fokker DR.1. It's another Airfix, but the quality is horrible compared to the Pup. More to come as I continue...
This was not good news to me as a kid..Simply Smiffy didn't work for me that replaced it..and the strip didn't last long so other kids must of not liked it..I didn't want the comic to be just about Dennis the Menace and the Bash street kids..
San Diego Padres - Jaybarkerfan
4) Include a link back to my blog in your post
John, my brother, had disappeared in 1994. Shortly afterwards an indictment, for conspiracy to import and distribute marijuana and to money-launder, was issued from a Court in Florida for him and his co-defendant, Claude Duboc, who was picked up in Hong Kong within a matter of weeks. I did not know where John was, and in my heart of hearts I hoped that I would never see him again so that he would be able to live his life in freedom.
But I was sad and a large part of me suffered mightily during that worship. I didn’t have that joy that literally everyone around the room had. I felt terribly out of place and alone. I texted my wife something to that effect. I told her that I hadn’t had that sort of joy for a long time. Then I texted her again and told her why: preaching in a local church had robbed me of joy. I thought about it through the next song only to have my suspicions confirmed: Even my preaching had recently been reduced to a mere religious exercise and not an act of Holy Spirit inspired Faith. It’s not that I needed the experience to validate or create the joy but that I think the joy will lead us into a fuller experience.
Last week, on the day when the Vatican released the results of its investigation of the Leadership Conference of Women Religious, which represents 80 percent of women’s religious orders in this country, I received emails from several Catholic sisters. All described themselves as saddened, stunned or demoralized by the Vatican document, which severely criticized the LWCR in a number of areas. Catholic sisters are my heroes. They have been my teachers, spiritual directors, mentors, bosses and friends. I can barely begin to describe the admiration I have for these women, many of them now in their 70s and 80s, and for what that they have done for God, for the church, for what Catholics call the “people of God,” and for me.
Cost? Who knows, I'm bringing my koozie as a ticket.
These were also great gifts this year. I loved making these and although they were a lot of work the reward was great. I gave them to three different women and they all loved them. What a perfect thing for your purse when you get a lot of gift cards.
I woke up to a huge winter storm this morning! School is cancelled, fridge is stocked, and my camera is out. Just wanted to add some photo's I just took! Hope everyone is safe and warm!
Thanks as always for your interest in my work, and for your kind comments. :)
2) Authors of best works in the category: critical writing will be invited to publish their work in the academic peer reviewed journal Zoontechnica http://zoontechnica.com.
I got a message from her that said "Whats up? Where are you? I want to fuck you!"
Sunday the Rabbi Stayed Home by Harry Kemelman
Again, there are two teams which put together far superior SDPI numbers to Auburn’s 2010 result.
The book I’m working on now is a historical fiction set in WWII Britain. So I’ve spent the last few days up to my eyeballs in books, websites, and television shows about the period. While I haven’t really done anywhere close to enough research, I have to say I find it fascinating.
By that time I was 18 months old (a cat teenager) and just started realizing that at this new place I wasn’t in danger, nobody would attack me, scratch or bite me. And I started exploring my new territory.
Violet, Alex and Hope!
So: This is Chapter One of my WIP Green Turtle Cay. Stay with me. I have two days until I can submit the pared down version (first 250 words)… but for those interested, (it does hook you after a while–there I go, another fishy analogy), I posted another excerpt of the NaNo version Evangeline and Teach a couple of months back here.
Having everything shameful and dark about your past suddenly publicized, hurts. There’s no way to explain away the kind of hurt that comes with public reminders of the ways you have failed. And who among us hasn’t failed? I know that I am not alone in this struggle; I know that I am not the only one who has screwed up big time. It is not only me. Every wrong decision I have made, every mistake I’ve made, it all leads up to this point: how does all this affect the rest of my life? Am I less of a person than I was before anyone knew about my struggles? Or am I more of a person now that I’m being honest?
Doug Worrall
More often, though, I wrote in one of the bars and restaurants that lined the town’s only real thoroughfare – the road to Burma. During the day, I usually had these places to myself. Tourism had not yet returned, and the only foreigners around were those working for a local NGO working with tsunami victims.
Three – The Iciness of Strangers
However, I was buying into the self-help thing a little too much. Despite vague beliefs in a sort of spiritual support system, I hadn’t ever truly grasped the meaning of surrender. Bono sings about it a lot, but I didn’t really get it, or rather my brain understood the theoretical concept, but I didn’t feel it, not at all.
E-TV has stepped up its policy of sexually exploiting women by broadcasting the appallingly degrading Naked News programme on the channel on Fridays and Saturdays for the next 3 months. The free-to-air channel appears to be testing the South African viewer's response to their flirtation with p*rnography.
I am thankful to my dear sister Jessica who sent me this confirming video http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xVaVBHusa6k&list=UUJpxoRoemhS_FgSRXw30zrg&index=2&feature=plcp which says, “The Watchmen’s Collective Call for April 2012.” The Lord is faithful. As He has determined it, we must expect to see more coming out to speak up, share the revelations they receive from the Lord about America’s fate. We must pray for people to respond, repent and turn to God while there is yet time, no matter how short. A simple testimony may lead one to repent and a minute of repentance means safety in the Lord and eternity with Him.
The Justice League is Earth’s finest super heroes and protectors of humanity. But in the mind of the Dark Knight, they are potentially the most dangerous people on the planet should any of them go rogue. Over time, Batman has compiled top-secret contingency plans in the event he is forced to neutralize one of his fellow Justice League members such as Superman, Wonder Woman, Green Lantern, Cyborg, Martian Manhunter or the Flash. When these files are stolen from the Batcave by the evil Vandal Savage, the Justice League faces its gravest challenge yet. Weaknesses exposed and rocked by betrayal, the League must band together against Savage’s Legion of Doom and its master plan of world destruction while Batman is left with one final decision that could ultimately leave him standing alone.
By Friday my dad was having so many complications that they couldn't keep him conscious long enough to have a lucid conversation. Then my Steve held me and tried to book me an immediate flight to Utah while I cried, and worried, and prayed.
and this magical video!
7. Bake cookies on 2nd to upper rack for 11-12 minutes or until lightly golden around the edges. Let cookies sit on the cookie sheet for a couple of minutes to set up. Then move to a cooking rack. Makes approx. around 2 dozen cookies (I got 27, or was it 29?). Check out my dated cookie pan. I need a new one. But hey, it’s well-seasoned!
“All I know is he’s a mega-star in Bollywood. Their equivalent of Brad Pitt and Tom Cruise combined. I don’t know who the fuck he is.”
My favorite blog post this week: Hey it’s still monday….. we will see what the week brings!
The impact of this inversion of reality isn't anti-Christian, it's anti-White. Even when White opposition to immigration is deracinated and expressed in terms of law, economics, or culture the genocidal immigrationists shamelessly inject their own ethnic and racial interests into the debate while accusing the White opposition of disguising "racist" motives.
That, my darklings, is what second drafts are for.
Q: Are you surprised at how tough a battle you have been given here this weekend by McLaren and Ferrari?
And by trusting we received more. What was not in sync with our higher good dropped out or fell away, while what was to be in our lives flowed easily. We gained a greater resonance with the creation and the creator; our psychic abilities and intuitive sense suddenly leapt out of the deep slumber and galloped.
In more than half of these homes we found an IKEA sofa with white fabric. They fit so well with the style.
Anybody see an opportunity for tech-friendly physicians?
June 6, 2011 — Dr. Arpad Vass of the Oak Ridge National Laboratory describes using a gas chromatograph mass spectrometer to find signs of human decomposition and a high level of chloroform in the trunk of Casey’s car. The defense challenges Vass’ financial motivation and the chain of evidence.
Carrie: "Guarau, marriage is so hard, isn't it?"
The next really angry.
Burke said he still believes in the team, mainly James Reimer, Phil Kessel and the leadership of Dion Phaneuf.
Stephens was good as Danton, though there were points when I felt that he was walking, like a child, in the shoes of a much bigger man, a measure perhaps of the French Revolutionary than the English actor. I simply do not see his Danton as the “Titan of the Revolution”, a title accorded to him by Thomas Carlyle.
I plan on pairing them with this new, also in the sale from old Toppers, top.
Todd Clouser's A Love Electric: Everyday
I look for ward to seeing your scrapbook pages soon, remember to leave me a comment so that I can come & view what you make
Colonel Abrahams ~ Trapped ~ MCA ~ 1985
We were made to feel very welcome, and had a drink at the bar whilst our table was made ready for us.
- Curtis Waugh
Either way, pillow fights are pretty damn fun. I highly recommend it!
This after Mthethwa publicly rubbished reports last week that he had benefited from a crime intelligence “slush fund” to the tune of R200 000.
“Breaking Open is a weekly group where students come together to look at scripture for upcoming Sunday and share in fellowship with one another,” Visser said.
And then a funny thing happened less than one hour after this call to civility and rationality signed in the open under my own name: a caller with an unidentified number went to the trouble of finding my telephone number and called, not once, not twice, but four times to berate me because of the comment in the Times. I didn't ever get to speak with him because it was not I who answered the phone. But on his fourth call, in which he left me a voice mail message he said "you are a bigoted moron." I don't see anything about the comment that suggests I am bigoted or a moron, other than I apparently disagreed with his views and it is amazing to me how a call to not demonize people led to someone calling me to do exactly that, before 8:30 a.m. for a comment made at 7:39 a.m.!
Date: Wed, 13 Oct 2010 16:26:49 +0100
As far as cocktails go I found it top notch and pretty interesting. Normally I only like cocktails that are either whisky or rum based, but this was both whisky and beer (my beer) which makes me even more biased. But really, it did rule. Try it alongside Pandazilla itself and it's a taste bud overload.
We love sports, especially endurance sports, like cycling. Since inception we've sponsored the Mt Hood Cycling Classic, the Dana Point Grand Prix, and the granddaddy of all US pro-am stage races, the Cascade Cycling Classic in Bend, Oregon.
To read more about Andrea and her adventures and love entanglements on the BC Coast, check out the following link: http://loveahappyending.com/celebrating-the-wind-weeps-by-anneli-purchase/
You'll want to be sure to check out the fabulous prizes to two lucky winners. Just hop on over to House Mouse and Friends Monday challenge blog to enter your humorous House Mouse and Friends card for a chance to win. And while you're there, be sure to check out the design team's cards. They are all filled with inspiration and........humor, of course!
Preheat oven to 350 degrees. In a bowl cream together butter and sugar with a mixer until light and fluffy. Add eggs one at a time, beating well after each addition. Add vanilla and mix.
Massaging motion as you tossing the vegetable is an important skill to master
Thanks for stopping by! - Beth
Barry Norman, the one time film expert and presenter once said that it was nonsense that people were affected by violence in films. He made the classic mistake. What he should have said that he wasn’t affected by violence in films. Clearly some people are and it’s usually vulnerable people and it’s certainly true for children.
It´s September, so, for the B-month girl, some rawr!haiku:
I had heard the typical WHOO-WHOO, WHOO-WHOO while I was outside a few times, but I couldn't find them. Finally, some neighbors told me where to look and sure enough, two baby great-horned owls were just above in the trees! I was able to get a few pictures with my zoom lens. This is just what I need to get me in the Halloween spirit as the hot days of summer begin to descend upon our beachside town. Now I'm off to work on some Halloween watercolors and paper mache. Happy spring-time Halloween!
Early Edition is very happy to have a guest blogger this week, Susan Hellauer, from Anonymous 4. Anonymous 4 will be performing this Saturday, April 30 at 8PM at Town Hall. There is a free pre-concert lecture at 7PM.
The standards are high and are where I’m supposed to be, and I know I have no possible way of meeting them fully.
when I saw your face
Thankfully, in my family, all we ever did was examine and discuss. There is a saying in Greek that a person either dies by way of their head (i.e. mind) or their ass (i.e. intestines). Hence, the daily dose of TMI over breakfast and/or dinner. Based on my experiences and research, here are some of the things you should ask of your bowels followed by a cautionary tale.
Reid: jobs, health care and old people
Click on the photos for a more clearer view of the cards. Do hope I haven't bored you all, it is rather a long post but I am rather excited about this collection - just had to keep making cards!!
Lets look closely at the picture. She has a shopping cart ( yeah right) but yet she's carrying one of the bags in her hand, why would anyone do that, especially when the shopping cart is more than 1/2 empty? Interesting!
Smart Enough to Join Mensa, Not Smart Enough to Join Mensa at The Good Greatsby. I’ve not officially joined for many of the reasons GG poses here. Funny stuff (and one of my favorite Far Side cartoons for good measure.)
Today’s quote builds on the Crucifixion Driven Life theme I began a couple of days ago. Today’s quote is from James Montegomery Boice:
We have already secured the funds for another iPad thanks to the support of a couple of HEAVY-HITTING donors, and we are inches away from another, both of which we should be announcing officially next week, at which time I will also go over the Random Drawing we did and a few other dangling issues I want to cover.
I think at the highest level, this is the experience of exile. Of feeling like we are living apart from Israel, the ultimate reconciliation of house and home. But I also think that this is about alienation we have here. I think the bayit menuga is warning us not to have a “dorm mentality” about our lives. “Oh, I just live here.” No. No “just.” I live here. This is my house, and my home. Where we live, physically, has to inform our spiritual lives, our internality, or we are in a state of bayit menuga alienation. We need to be emotionally, spiritually present in our houses.
Illinois Registration Status:
The planet, droning like a bell in space.
Russia has changed, but at the same time managed to preserve its heritage. The new and the old learned to co-exist and complemented each other. Starbucks and McDonalds, Gucci and Armani, Mercedes and BMWs shared streets with the long-standing Russian tradition.
“The fact that government ministers are calling the attack an expression of public anger shows that some may just be payback,” he said.
It was odd in the end that the fear was overcome with excitement, at least for me with the tiger. It’s almost like after we had locked eyes he looked away deciding something. I’d like to think that I had established alpha male or he understood I was no longer a slave to fear but becoming a wild eyed predator of life too! Of course in reality it was likely just bored by all the people for so long over the night and just wanted a cat nap!
And the farmer’s curses!
1. Leave a comment on every blog BOTH DAYS
I also did a few random sets of squats this week. It makes Adeline laugh when I do them in front of her and count them out loud. That's motivation right there!
This classic 1955 Number One tells of a coal miner’s (and all workers in general) fate;
purge
Insomniacs, cover hogs and night owls, oh my!
But there’s more. With respect to the works of Copernicus Bob writes:
Brewery Location: Flossmoor, IL
This has caused some people a bit of worry as, yet again, games are doing nothing to save themselves from the label of ‘boy’s toys’.
7: SHIRLEY & LEE - Let The Good Times Roll
Hi there crafters
The physicist David Bohm developed an approach to conversation which he called dialogue. Bohm compared dialogue (derived from Greek words implying “a flow of meaning”) with discussion (derived from Latin words implying, “a shaking apart”).
THE media by which special pleaders transmit their messages to the public through propaganda include all the means by which people to-day transmit their ideas to one another. There is no means of human communication which may not also be a means of deliberate propaganda, because propaganda is simply the establishing of reciprocal understanding between an individual and a group. The important point to the propagandist is that the relative value of the various instruments of propaganda, and their relation to the masses, are constantly changing. If he is to get full reach for his message he must take advantage of these shifts of value the instant they occur. Fifty years ago, the public meeting was a propaganda instrument par excellence. To-day it is difficult to get more than a handful of people to attend a public meeting unless extraordinary attractions are part of the program. The automobile takes them away from home, the radio keeps them in the home, the successive daily editions of the newspaper bring information to them in office or subway, and also they are sick of the ballyhoo of the rally. Instead there are numerous other media of communication, some new, others old but so transformed that they have become virtually new. The newspaper, of course, remains always a primary medium for the transmission of opinions and ideas—in other words, for propaganda. It was not many years ago that newspaper editors resented what they called "the use of the news columns for propaganda purposes." Some editors would even kill a good story if they imagined its publication might benefit any one. This point of view is now largely abandoned. To-day the leading editorial offices take the view that the real criterion governing the publication or non-publication of matter which comes to the desk is its news value. The newspaper cannot assume, nor is it its function to assume, the responsibility of guaranteeing that what it publishes will not work out to somebody's interest. There is hardly a single item in any daily paper, the publication of which does not, or might not, profit or injure somebody. That is the nature of news. What the newspaper does strive for is that the news which it publishes shall be accurate, and (since it must select from the mass of news material available) that it shall be of interest and importance to large groups of its readers. In its editorial columns the newspaper is a personality, commenting upon things and events from its individual point of view. But in its news columns the typical modern American newspaper attempts to reproduce, with due regard to news interest, the outstanding events and opinions of the day. It does not ask whether a given item is propaganda or not. What is important is that it be news. And in the selection of news the editor is usually entirely independent. In the New York Times—to take an outstanding example—news is printed because of its news value and for no other reason. The Times editors determine with complete independence what is and what is not news. They brook no censorship. They are not influenced by any external pressure nor swayed by any values of expediency or opportunism. The conscientious editor on every newspaper realizes that his obligation to the public is news. The fact of its accomplishment makes it news. If the public relations counsel can breathe the breath of life into an idea and make it take its place among other ideas and events, it will receive the public attention it merits. There can be no question of his "contaminating news at its source." He creates some of the day's events, which must compete in the editorial office with other events. Often the events which he creates may be specially acceptable to a newspaper's public and he may create them with that public in mind. If important things of life to-day consist of transatlantic radiophone talks arranged by commercial telephone companies; if they consist of inventions that will be commercially advantageous to the men who market them; if they consist of Henry Fords with epoch-making cars—then all this is news. The so-called flow of propaganda into the newspaper offices of the country may, simply at the editor's discretion, find its way to the waste basket. The source of the news offered to the editor should always be clearly stated and the facts accurately presented. The situation of the magazines at the present moment, from the propagandist's point of view, is different from that of the daily newspapers. The average magazine assumes no obligation, as the newspaper does, to reflect the current news. It selects its material deliberately, in accordance with a continuous policy. It is not, like the newspaper, an organ of public opinion, but tends rather to become a propagandist organ, propagandizing for a particular idea, whether it be good housekeeping, or smart apparel, or beauty in home decoration, or debunking public opinion, or general enlightenment or liberalism or amusement. One magazine may aim to sell health; another, English gardens; another, fashionable men's wear; another, Nietzschean philosophy. In all departments in which the various magazines specialize, the public relations counsel may play an important part. For he may, because of his client's interest, assist them to create the events which further their propaganda. A bank, in order to emphasize the importance of its women's department, may arrange to supply a leading women's magazine with a series of articles and advice on investments written by the woman expert in charge of this department. The women's magazine in turn will utilize this new feature as a means of building additional prestige and circulation. The lecture, once a powerful means of influencing public opinion, has changed its value. The lecture itself may be only a symbol, a ceremony; its importance, for propaganda purposes, lies in the fact that it was delivered. Professor So-and-So, expounding an epoch-making invention, may speak to five hundred persons, or only fifty. His lecture, if it is important, will be broadcast; reports of it will appear in the newspapers; discussion will be stimulated. The real value of the lecture, from the propaganda point of view, is in its repercussion to the general public. The radio is at present one of the most important tools of the propagandist. Its future development is uncertain. It may compete with the newspaper as an advertising medium. Its ability to reach millions of persons simultaneously naturally appeals to the advertiser. And since the average advertiser has a limited appropriation for advertising, money spent on the radio will tend to be withdrawn from the newspaper. To what extent is the publisher alive to this new phenomenon? It is bound to come close to American journalism and publishing. Newspapers have recognized the advertising potentialities of the companies that manufacture radio apparatus, and of radio stores, large and small; and newspapers have accorded to the radio in their news and feature columns an importance relative to the increasing attention given by the public to radio. At the same time, certain newspapers have bought radio stations and linked them up with their news and entertainment distribution facilities, supplying these two features over the air to the public. It is possible that newspaper chains will sell schedules of advertising space on the air and on paper. Newspaper chains will possibly contract with advertisers for circulation on paper and over the air. There are, at present, publishers who sell space in the air and in their columns, but they regard the two as separate ventures. Large groups, political, racial, sectarian, economic or professional, are tending to control stations to propagandize their points of view. Or is it conceivable that America may adopt the English licensing system under which the listener, instead of the advertiser, pays? Whether the present system is changed, the advertiser—and propagandist—must necessarily adapt himself to it. Whether, in the future, air space will be sold openly as such, or whether the message will reach the public in the form of straight entertainment and news, or as special programs for particular groups, the propagandist must be prepared to meet the conditions and utilize them. The American motion picture is the greatest unconscious carrier of propaganda in the world to-day. It is a great distributor for ideas and opinions. The motion picture can standardize the ideas and habits of a nation. Because pictures are made to meet market demands, they reflect, emphasize and even exaggerate broad popular tendencies, rather than stimulate new ideas and opinions. The motion picture avails itself only of ideas and facts which are in vogue. As the newspaper seeks to purvey news, it seeks to purvey entertainment. Another instrument of propaganda is the personality. Has the device of the exploited personality been pushed too far? President Coolidge photographed on his vacation in full Indian regalia in company with full-blooded chiefs, was the climax of a greatly over-reported vacation. Obviously a public personality can be made absurd by misuse of the very mechanism which helped create it. Yet the vivid dramatization of personality will always remain one of the functions of the public relations counsel. The public instinctively demands a personality to typify a conspicuous corporation or enterprise. There is a story that a great financier discharged a partner because he had divorced his wife. "But what," asked the partner, "have my private affairs to do with the banking business?" "If you are not capable of managing your own wife," was the reply, "the people will certainly believe that you are not capable of managing their money." The propagandist must treat personality as he would treat any other objective fact within his province. A personality may create circumstances, as Lindbergh created good will between the United States and Mexico. Events may create a personality, as the Cuban War created the political figure of Roosevelt. It is often difficult to say which creates the other. Once a public figure has decided what ends he wishes to achieve, he must regard himself objectively and present an outward picture of himself which is consistent with his real character and his aims. There are a multitude of other avenues of approach to the public mind, some old, some new as television. No attempt will be made to discuss each one separately. The school may disseminate information concerning scientific facts. The fact that a commercial concern may eventually profit from a widespread understanding of its activities because of this does not condemn the dissemination of such information, provided that the subject merits study on the part of the students. If a baking corporation contributes pictures and charts to a school, to show how bread is made, these propaganda activities, if they are accurate and candid, are in no way reprehensible, provided the school authorities accept or reject such offers carefully on their educational merits. It may be that a new product will be announced to the public by means of a motion picture of a parade taking place a thousand miles away. Or the manufacturer of a new jitney airplane may personally appear and speak in a million homes through radio and television. The man who would most effectively transmit his message to the public must be alert to make use of all the means of propaganda. Undoubtedly the public is becoming aware of the methods which are being used to mold its opinions and habits. If the public is better informed about the processes of its own life, it will be so much the more receptive to reasonable appeals to its own interests. No matter how sophisticated, how cynical the public may become about publicity methods, it must respond to the basic appeals, because it will always need food, crave amusement, long for beauty, respond to leadership. If the public becomes more intelligent in its commercial demands, commercial firms will meet the new standards. If it becomes weary of the old methods used to persuade it to accept a given idea or commodity, its leaders will present their appeals more intelligently. Propaganda will never die out. Intelligent men must realize that propaganda is the modern instrument by which they can fight for productive ends and help to bring order out of chaos.
“Bantum,” said Star of Justice, “why don’t you tell us how to do it before you go ahead and try that.”
Analysis of the documents received to date reveals that many jurisdictions have no centrally articulated, official, written policies for certain fields of pastoral practice. As the Committee continues its work, surveys and interviews will be used to fill the gaps in the data set.
Challenge List:
The problem is that both sides are correct in their own right. Those that question “exceptional” performances have reason to do so, because everything that Mr. Hersh stated in his article is correct. His “evidence” however is “circumstantial” – as are most of the arguments that are given with respect to these types of performances. On the opposing side, those that are angry when their athletes draw scrutiny are also right in their arguments, but just as with their opposition their “evidence” is also “circumstantial”. More importantly, however, their “trust” in the performances is based on “faith” – the faith that they trust “their” athletes to do the right thing. Trust and faith that they lack in other athletes, and in the system that is supposed to provide the security that EVERYONE is indeed clean.
I purchase all fragrances but I don't normally use them 'straight' out of the bottle. Many of my fragrances are my own concoction. A few grams of this, mixed with that, and a dash of something else (all carefully weighed, of course, so that I can do it again and again). My very first blend, Fleur, is still a top selling perfume. Fleur is a blend of plumeria, ylang ylang and bird of paradise.
On a paper-related note, I shipped the 100 camera cards out! WOOT WOOT! What a relief to have completed that task. I did a little decoupaging to the box I got to store the cards in. I decided I'd do the logo that was printed inside the cards. I hope she loved it!
Happy weekend everyone! I hope you all had a good week. It's raining like crazy here, so I've been staying snuggly warm in our house, and knitting my little heart out. Tons of fun!
" I am Busy" did not make Macaroons fall from the sky....so another few days filled with the words mutterd as i walk past...." macaroon"
Yours surely given.
7. Some surmise that the Levites were simply too comfortable in Babylon by this time to leave and that might or might not be true. What can happen to a person’s faith and commitment to sacrifice and take risks when he gets too comfortable in the world (Second Timothy 4:10, First Corinthians 5:1-8, Hebrews 6:11-12, Revelation 3:14-15)?
I have been muttering that all day! I still feel as if I am dreaming! I am numb somewhat. I am definitely in shock. You are probably wondering why. I'll tell you...no I'll shout it for all to hear! I WAS CHOSEN! CHOSEN FOR RANGER UNIVERSITY!!!! Wow...I can't believe I can actually say it! I tweeted last night that I felt like Sally Field after she won her Oscar. Wow, wow, wow....now maybe I will snap back to reality after screaming like that. Sorry if I hurt your ears! Thank you Ranger and thank you Tim!
Taib is the man who earlier this year commissioned the discredited FBC Media to come in and do something for his international reputation. The $5 million dollar contract was supposed to get the Chief Minister and his policies positive publicity across global TV stations, international forums and blogs.
Give Baby Boy and me an update.
But I am determined to pick my blogging back up. It has, in times past, been a real lifesaver for me; which also sounds like a cliché but it is not much of an exaggeration. It has been my therapy in times when I have needed it to get through my divorce situation and it has been my favorite pastime—a healthy outlet even when I no longer needed therapy! So I have made it my goal to write more. Everyone needs a healthy outlet,right?
That’s true for all of us. Nobody’s willing to starve, to prove a principle. Gandhi, but he’s dead. Everybody else? Stuck. Stuck in the middle with you. Round and round like my ancient radiometer, only not so gentle and with consequences nobody wants to examine too closely.
The project consisted of a web of CIA-run safehouses in San Francisco, Marin, and New York. It was established in order to study the effects of LSD on unconsenting individuals. Prostitutes on the CIA payroll were instructed to lure clients back to the safehouses, where they were surreptitiously plied with a wide range of substances, including LSD, and monitored behind one-way glass. Several significant operational techniques were developed in this theater, including extensive research into sexual blackmail, surveillance technology, and the possible use of mind-altering drugs in field operations.
It is clear that Laporte is trying to present a false image on the past and could teach McCarthy a thing or two. I hope his students are aware of how much is academic work is void of legitimacy!
Julianne Moore (Boogie Nights)
With tapered clear acrylic legs and glass insert top, the Serena Cocktail Table is a show stopper! I love it’s beautiful clean lines and proportions. Perfect for a living room, but can also be custom made as a dining table!
The low sun flooding through the trees silhouettes the trunks of a stand of mature beech. Here, the forest floor is carpeted with brambles, ferns and a variety of fungi. Further on, as the trees to the south of the path thin out to reveal views over the valley below, I come to more recently cut coppice, a huge area of stools, probably cut 2 years ago. The extent of the operations here is tremendous, unlike anywhere else I’ve known in the south-east where coppice woodland tends to be managed on a much smaller scale, and I can’t help wonder what markets or products the chestnut is cut for. Where sunlight has been allowed to reach the forest floor, numerous wildflowers have germinated – including patches of attractive wood sage – demonstrating that this type of commercial woodland management, while appearing destructive initially, can also massively benefit wildlife.
Gregory: but the lies are out there
Yesterday, I learned something. (Seriously, it is possible!)
In each of the last three election cycles there were seven Senate races decided by less than ten points. But at this very early stage I would expect at least 14 seats could reach that level of competitiveness and seven of them are held by each side.
about what could have happened.
Absolutely chock full of fresh, large ingredients. Not mushy at all.
About two hours later he was throwing up just like mommy. Poor guy. All. Over - On the floor. In the hall. In the toilet. On the furniture. On a sleeping bag. On the floor again. Any hints on getting puke SMELL off furniture?! By the 7th time, he hit the bucket spot-on. Yoi.
On a good note, they are about 1/2 grown out & I now double up on base coat!
Section 24J empowers the Minister to make Regulations in connection with the Part. This section could provide an avenue to remedy two important defects discovered so far, namely the failure to indicate the extent of the application of the Part and the types of contracts involved and secondly, the failure to provide an list of examplary contract terms that might be thought unfair.
Scared of the dark?
There were a number of demonstrations telling a bit about each of the birds and animals of their natural abilities:
Well, I just had to try.
The entrance hall is light and airy containing giant photos all around the walls of the various characters and high above is the Weasley’s flying car. On one side of the hall is the coffee shop and toilets, on the other is the extensive gift shop containing everything you might need for attending Hogwarts, from clothing and stuffed pets (including replicas of several of the costumes from the movies) to the Marauder’s Map and sweets from
You may not believe it, but when a U.S. company closes down a U.S. manufacturing plant fires its American workers and moves those good-paying jobs to China or other locations abroad, U.S. tax law actually rewards those companies with a large tax break called deferral. The tax code allows these firms to defer paying any U.S. income taxes on the earnings from those new foreign-manufactured products until those profits are returned, if ever, to this country. If a company making the same product decides to stay in this country, it is required to pay immediate U.S. taxes on the profits it earns here.
One of the girl's on my team threw her reserve parachute today, right when it was my turn to launch. Someone called about the deployment over the radio and although her ride down looked great it was really unnerving to watch. She threw it in a spot that's known to be fairly rough (I've seen a couple of reserve rides there over the last few years) and she supposedly landed in the only good spot around on the back of the mountain. I felt better when I heard her voice on the radio saying she was fine, but later heard they were taking her in to get checked out. One of the guys in the Race also threw today, I saw him at HQ last night so he's fine but haven't heard how my girl is.
Hopefully, we will get to see the little guy soon because we sure do miss him.
These are the dates for Björk’s special appearance Biophilia show:
It's funny how anytime something happens like that, Facebook is chock full of status' about it!lol Everyone - kids and adults alike get so excited and Joy is spread from one to another!!
Gazing into the smoke filled shadows
Alex Van Halen – Drums
Last week we showed you how to make your custom LHC map your invitation itself, so this week we thought it would be good to share a few more budget tips and also remind everyone to be sure to include printed materials in their overall wedding budget from the very beginning.
For a selective and particular child it might become
Go FCU go.......!!
With the occult folk art symbolism on this bottle and the stated brewing time being 6 hours and 66 minutes it would make sense that it was produced for Halloween or Harvest time but I'm too lazy to Google the facts and we'll just go with that because it sounds better than saying "Short's employees are a bunch of Satanists". If they are I'm about to join their cult because they are slowly becoming my favorite brewer and since the local beer stores seem to prominently display their singles on the shelf I am all in with their innovative style whereas I probably wouldn't be if forced into buying a sixer.
What did it feel like to hear the news that Aiden had died and that I still had to birth him naturally? I often think of the courage it took to stay with me during that time. I feel honored and deeply grateful to still have them all around me today.
i feel good about finally quitting my job, however i will miss my friends & all the food for my chooks.
Open wounds
sourced from the internet!
The whens, wheres, whys and hows:
Portland, Oregon. Packs of beer enthusiasts herd in for the annual Oregon Zoo Brewers Festival. Over 30 regional breweries are representing with their signature artisan beers and ciders, with a party and live music also on the grounds. (June 1)
on which my life
Me: “Hey, so to finish my story…
“For in the end, it is all about memory, its sources and its magnitude, and, of course, its consequences.” ~ Elie Wiesel
If theres a product you'd like me to review, just leave a comment! x
Courtesy of her delightful blog..and Simon Hopkinson
When I came back out, the car was gone, and I was glad to see the DVD was too! (I was afraid the DVD would fall off the windshield or that the driver would intentionally leave it behind thinking it was spam.)
But when one piece is
For their analysis, Laura Hewitson and her colleagues at UP conducted the type of proper safety research on typical childhood vaccination schedules that the U.S. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention(CDC) should have conducted — but never has — for such regimens. And what this brave team discovered was groundbreaking, as it completely deconstructs the mainstream myth that vaccines are safe and pose no risk of autism.
By then the contractions were harder to walk through, and it was unpleasant to talk through them. We got checked in and then they wanted to strap me up to the monitor. I asked if, instead of lying back, they could arrange it with me draped over the birth ball, it had worked so well on the way in! They said sure, but first the doctor had wanted to check to see how dilated I was. I politely
Carillo admitted he lied about the gun. Officers arrested him, and charged him with manslaughter.
So about a month ago, I broke three of my fingers on my right hand. Not conducive to jewelry making or blogging. However, they are starting to feel a little better and I'm hoping to be able to use them a little more soon.
I decided to change it up a bit and go mini-mini M&M's, chocolate chips, peanut butter cups, butterscotch chips and toffee bits-all topped of with toasted coconut!
Just remember, When you play the game of thrones, either you win or you die. There is no middle ground.
KUALA LUMPUR – Malaysia Airlines, Malaysia’s national carrier, said on Monday a European arbitration tribunal had ordered it to pay Advanced Cargo Logistic GmbH 6.9 million euros ($9.8 million) for breach of a cargo handling contract.
One day I looked up my uncommon name and surprisingly found it rooted in Greek mythology. From that day on, I was determined to walk amongst the ruins of Athens and the fascination continued on into college when Classical Mythology 101 was the class that stood to offer the least weight toward a degree yet was invariably the class for which I studied the most fervently.
I go into the bathroom and attempt to put in my contacts, but my eyes practically recoil to the back of my skull. So, I decide to put it off until we are ready to leave the house (apparently my eyes need even more time to wake up than the rest of me). Instead, I get dressed and pack the few remaining items that didn’t make it into the car the night before.
This is a photo of my dad and me on our three-week-road trip to Alaska. This photo is in front of Northwestern Glacier in the Kenai Fjords. The Seward area was my favorite part of the trip. I have this photo on my wall in my apartment for a couple reasons. I am dying to drive to Alaska again, and this is a good reminder! Secondly, to remind me of all the amazing adventures I’ve had because of my amazing dad. He is who has instilled the sense of wanderlust and adventure that I have. For any of my readers that have the opportunity to travel with their parents I highly recommend it. It’s a great time to bond with them, get to see a different side of them and my favorite part is learning and experiencing new things together. You really just appreciate them ten times more.
People have written us and said they are amazed there is a scene here at all. They say that in their half million population city there may only be one good group . So, if we sell 500 copies of our record here, it's like selling 500,000 in America.
Whatever that may be.
While I was training and dieting for my competition BCAAs were an essential for me – I drank it during most weight sessions and I noticed a big difference. Word of warning – taste is everything so do your research.
That's my project to finish this week. She's out of town and comes home Thursday, then leaves on the 19th for the wedding location----England! They will live there & he is English. Needless to say my needles will be flying before she does, so no blogging til this is done.
I smell: nothing because of a blocked nose
Busy, isn’t it! The center of the quilt is a single piece of fabric. I still need to finish the four patch border and add the outside border. Hopefully this week.
Asset Disregard - Most people rely on Medicaid for help on their responsibility to the dominos bismarck north dakota among the dominos bismarck north dakota in the dominos bismarck north dakota and interested in seeing some native animals and enjoying seeing them, you also get a much better idea of where home value of a particular area, you can stay in the dominos bismarck north dakota and corn. Biotechnology jobs can come in many varieties. Some are more developed than others, and some threatened.
I am terrified of this project because it's huge and demanding. A bit out of my comfort zone, and after organizing my business on paper....where am I going to get the time?! BUT I have had this longing and find a desire laid on my heart, and most importantly...a need.
As Palestine became the darling of the Left, I moved right. Up until now, I’d always seen my conservative philosophy as arising from my economic principles, and that is certainly true. But, above all, it was my solidarity with Israel which slowly evolved into a militant stand against those of my fellow citizens who seemed to hate America and Israel equally. When I would occasionally (and then more frequently) meet a pro-Palestinian Jew, the cognitive dissonance made me queasy. Their outlook, to me, was either insane or perverted. I still think this.
2 boxes Jell-O instant chocolate pudding
Look at dams here and the path leads, at least for me, back to the question of the government’s fear of change–fear of social instability.
Mario Brothers on Nintendo DSi
You can do it...and while I might have let you scale the dorm wall on your own, we'll do this wall together.
The couple got engaged in August and married on February 10th in California.
The bands’ collective influences include Nas, The Fall, The Band, Gang of Four and southern literature.
1/2 tsp. vanilla extract
After pulling out of the driveway on the way to work one morning, I saw a large shadow within my neighbor’s tree. As I drove by I looked up and thought I saw a bald eagle. Due to curiosity, I put the car in reverse, and sure enough it was indeed a bald eagle. It was a perfect picture moment being so close that zoom would not be needed much! Unfortunately, my camera was at the bottom of my purse. Once I finally found it and turned it on, I impatiently waited while the camera took a few moments. As soon as the welcome screen disappeared, the magnificent bird flew away right in front of my car. Unfortunately, bald eagles fly extremely fast, up to 40 miles per hour during normal flight and the speed of 100 when diving for prey, so I was not able to take a photo in time.
I LOVED how everything progressed in this sequel. It went somewhere completely different than I expected, and yet exactly what needed to happen. Holly is a master at her craft, and this is no exception!
Not everyone made the rugby/football/cricket /netball team. Those who didn't had to learn to deal with disappointment. Imagine that!! Getting into the team was based on merit.
The first thing I did when I received my Pom Poms is take a handful and pop them in my mouth. It brought back all the great memories of my dad. I then decided to make a wonderful mixed greens salad and sprinkled some of the Pom Poms on it and added a few toasted walnuts. The flavor was wonderful! I didnt even need dressing because the pomegranate arils provided a nice juicy flavor.
Paul McAuley – The Treatment
3 yellow squash, sliced into discs
Much has been made of the use of the verbs for “love” in these verses — in verses 15 and 16, Jesus asks, “Do you love (agapao — a “committed” love) Me?” while in verse 17 He asks, “Do you love (phileo — a “friendship” love) Me?” And since in all three answers Peter is said to use the verb phileo, some suggest that he is subtly asserting that he does not agapao Jesus, but only has phileo for Him. Yet Jesus likely was speaking to Peter in Aramaic and not Greek, and there is only one primary word for love in Aramaic, so the change in verbs was probably made by John. Additionally, John also uses a different words for caring for the sheep (“tend” and “shepherd”) and different words for the ones Peter was to tend (“lambs” and “sheep”). So it is likely that John is simply making stylistic changes that have no significant differences.
This novel is on the shortlist for the Costa Novel Prize this year. It has a double time frame: the present, and the Fifties and early Sixties. It’s about motherhood: its problems, its agonies, its great joys and as always with this writer, she has produced a story written with both sympathy and elegance. She’s also very good at plotting so you always have a strong interest in reading on to see how the whole thing fits together. Terrific.
To make Jalapeño infused Tequila: slice 1 jalapeño into coins and place into a glass or jar. Add 4 ounces Jose Cuervo Gold tequila. Seal and set aside for 4 to 24 hours. We like it hot so we infused for 29 hours and it was great. Not too hot, but definitely knew it was jalapeño Tequila. To tone down the heat: infuse for less time. A 2 hour infusion will slightly 'perfume' the tequila.
In addition to what the creation tells me about God, I can know Him through His revelation, 1 Cor 1:21. The Bible states the existence of God, Gen 1:1. I believe in God because I cannot explain what I know to be true without believing in Him. Does it make sense to believe that “In the beginning, God created the heavens and the earth,” or to believe that in the beginning, the heavens and the earth just happened?
In the last verses of this chapter we see the Bible’s first official case of incest, with Nahor marrying his dead brother’s daughter, Milkah. Abram’s wife, Sarai, is only mentioned in the context of being unable to have children, cementing the Bible’s pattern of assigning value to women as mothers only, written about only as nameless daughters. These are the only women we’ve seen mentioned since Naamah, in Genesis 4.
You can’t see it very well in this picture due to the size, but when I pull it up on my computer it’s the most interesting picture. There are already a ton of planes in the air, waiting for Combat to begin, but if you look closer you will notice that only half of the pilots have launched their planes. There were still more to go up!!
Your pal Bobnoxious
We have to continue campaigning until the whole Work Programme collapses.
My trip to visit Global Brigades in Honduras was my first opportunity to visit with a partner organization in-country, to see the medicines from the Box distributed to patients and to witness the impact of my job. The first few days we were there, I learned quite a bit about Global Brigades and their operations beyond the medical side. And that included taking up a shovel and a pick-axe to help a Water Brigade dig a trench for their clean water pipes. We then spent three days with three separate Medical Brigades which Dan has already blogged about in Parts One, Two & Three. On the third day we joined the University of California-Irvine in the farming community of Santa Rosa, located high up in the mountains. These dedicated student volunteers not only coordinate a three-day clinic but are responsible for what can be an arduous chore of collecting all the medications needed to stock a pharmacy.
(Want to learn more about schools like Culver and how they might be a fit for your high school years? Contact me and let’s find out!)
The bartender comes over to him, sniffs, looks him over and says,
Well, chalk that up as a new experience!
He could always argue that the 16 month old toddler he shot was making "sudden moves."
You know what Yul? I don’t give a rat’s arse what you like. We leave one hour past dusk. Say what you got to say. Do what you got to do. But we ain’t waiting on no one.
Sown to spread shade and hope
REPRESENTATIVE TED POE, (R-TEXAS): So Arizona, since the federal government totally fails to secure the border desperately then passed laws to protect its own people. The law is supported by 70 percent of the people in Arizona, 60 percent of all Americans, and 50 percent of all Hispanics according to the Wall Street Journal/NBC poll done just this week. And I understand that you may file a lawsuit against the law. Seems to me the Administration ought to be enforcing border security and immigration laws and not challenge them, and that the Administration is on the wrong side of the American people. Have you read the Arizona law?
06. Cosmik Debris
"I believe Gordon Brown has been the worst Prime Minister we have had in this country."
I also struggle with the app crashing and living in an Internet black hole means I have to wait until I get better signal to pin so I forget, get frustrated or give up!
As Yelena tries to escape her new dilemma, disasters keep mounting. Rebels plot to seize Ixia and Yelena develops magical powers she can't control. Her life is threatened again and choices must be made. But this time the outcomes aren't so clear...
Finn: "Mom, don't make me dead."
(c) Dec 2 2011 JAuroraMorealist
Tim had a lot of energy on stage, joked with the crowd, played around, sang a mix of old and new songs. He ended his set with a song Faith sings backup on, and then they sang another duet.
dream: fairly priced, rich in variety. ''It’s better than what you’ll find in many Michelin-starred restaurants,'' Kelly says, ''and their selection of local labels grows all the time. Gérard and Josette are very wine passionate and have relationships with some of the best winemakers in France. They’re also big on natural wines and organic/biodynamic producers as
Image from Crafty Individuals
Clash - London Calling - 1979
Since my visit to the Secwepemc pit house the other day, I find myself thinking about the meaning of hearth. As I sat by the fire, something ancient seemed to be speaking within me. I felt myself strangely at home. It was a feeling of being inscribed upon the earth, of being grounded and centered.
Chick-fil-A Chicken Strip
The Christian’s native air,
I am following my bliss; I am finally doing what I’ve always wanted to do — singing, acting, and dancing in a musical! And I am so happy! Scared. Nervous. . . but HAPPY! Which doors will this lead me to?
Put that bag of fries behind you
Stacked on the kitchen table are high school assignments. Booklists, suggested reading lists, essay topics. Even a periodic table of the elements. I don’t remember having mounds this big freshman year. And Amy hates homework – she never does any extra work if she can help it, which she usually can. Amy’s smart – smarter than me, honestly. But that means she can usually do the bare minimum and still coast through her classes with a B average easy.
Take good photos! Think I need a DSLR as my diginal camera is just not doing the job, I would also like to finally read those two photography books I bought last summer!
Pirkle approaches the Oilers like a Columbia blue-hued homicide victim and meticulously retraces each and every bone-headed, nickel-and-dime move the team made both on and off the field. A lawyer by trade, Pirkle occasionally gets mired in turgid prose about free agency and contract restructuring, but he makes his case that the Oilers were indeed the most frustrating team in the history of modern professional football. Fun stuff for those of us who grew up in the heady days of Earl Campbell, Bum Phillips and "Luv Ya Blue."
You shall be given the utmost attention
Tip the vegetables into a large pan, scraping in the juices as well. Add the can of tomatoes and the hot stock. Bring to the boil and simmer for 10 mins. Whizz with a stick blender (or use a liquidiser if you don't have a stick blender), then season. Pour into a jug and then into hot mugs or bowls.
1/2 t cinnamon
They cause people to despise and speak ill of the truth
Q: I was fascinated and a bit depressed by your early chapter on how children’s taste for healthy, whole food is perverted, even destroyed, by industrial food. What can we do to support kids to establish a taste for healthier, more sustainable food?
Today i am going to share spinach dal, methi dal, and plain dal recipes. These dals can be enjoyed with hot rice and a dollop of ghee or with hot rotis.
Thankfully, I answered his call to salvation and then to gospel ministry shortly after that in 1971.
That is especially true if you’re not skilled or experienced, although unskilled and inexperienced writers sometimes let ego get in the way of learning the lessons an editor can teach. I’ve been on both sides of that issue at different stages of my career. All things considered, no matter how good a writer you think you are, you need an editor. A good editor will make your writing better.
Love that Wegner-chair, that is just like the owner describes it, beautiful, sculptural, good to do nothing in, and makes you happy just by looking at it. The small sideboard in bamboo is designed and crafted by Laura herself.
Learning to let go of our grudges and forgive the friends, family or strangers who have wounded us deeply is a tough assignment. You know what can help? Finding a mentor. That’s right. Hook up with someone who has walked a similar path, who knows what is it like to be wounded, and yet has discovered the secret to grudge-free living.
Everytime I try to fly, I fall
Country B does not have tablecloths as people in Country A know them.
Order by email prairieprim@comcast.net
One thing we need to take away from Camping’s con is that the time we have matters and is also short. Jesus could have come May 21. He could come today. He may return in 10, 50, 100 years. There is a truth hidden in all this which we need to allow to take ownership in us. And that is, we need to make the most of the time we have. We need to be willing to step out beyond the comfortable and the familiar in order to follow Jesus and experience the power, presence, and work of God in and through our lives.
Makes one nice-sized margie.
go me...go me...
This beautiful one was done by Laurie...she did good..but the truth is, this is Laurie's second quilt, her first one was black & white and white & black with a touch of red...her theory that black was the absence of color...didn't work so she whipped up this stinkin' cute tumbler quilt.
The wrong child along with us,
As a child she was always the teacher and I was the student...
May the Comforter come upon you in a new way this morning. May He pour out from the heavenly places the oil of joy for your mourning, and give you a garment of praise for your spirit of heaviness. May He minister to your broken heart in the deep places with His love, His peace, His grace and His power in the most beautiful and supernatural ways. May He send people to you during this difficult time who would be His mouthpiece, His hands and His feet to minister and demonstrate His very words of hope and encouragement to you during your time of loss and may you feel His love for you in a very tangible way in the days and weeks to come precious friend.
Even though yogurt has so many good, nutritious things about it, I’m not much of a yogurt person for some reason. Maybe I just never had very good yogurt when I was a kid!
Congregation Shaarei Torah, a center for Jewish worship, education, and community activities for the San Gabriel and Pomona Valleys, today announces that master jazz musician and comedian, David Zasloff, is appearing at the synagogue on September 27, 2008, at 7:00 PM. The evening includes David’s shofar concert and workshop, presented with David’s blend of hilarious comedy and story-telling.
Of course that presents another problem... I needed clothes. Clothes that an adult would wear to work.. Clothes that aren't worn out...and that meant I needed to shop.. So one day right before Christmas said daughter and I went and I actually tried on and bought a ton of tops...and one pair of jeans (yes, as a volunteer, I can wear jeans)..
I've coloured her with Promarkers and inked around the edges using an ink duster and a big n juicy inkpad. The flowers are from wild orchid crafts and the ribbon and little epoxy stickers are from stash.
We see this last parallel throughout the Bible. For instance, Jesus refers to Himself as the “bridegroom” and to the kingdom of heaven as a “wedding banquet.”
今こうやってブログを書いているのは、私はブログ依存症だから。違います〜。それは私の夫が言う事（そしてそれを否定できないでいる私．．．）で、今書いているのは、私たちの家族、友人そしてブログの読者の方々からの、私たちの次女に対する暖かい言葉と激励に対するお礼をするためです。ありがとうございます！
It was cited uncritically by, among others, reporters and commentators from the BBC, The Independent, The Guardian, The Economist and numerous media outlets in America.
Blue Letter Bible. This is another veteran of online Bibles. The App is not as appealing as others in this list and the reader is designed for reading Bibles. The ASV, KJV and NET are included along with the Treasury of Scripture Knowledge, other Bibles are only available online. Greek and Hebrew texts are available as well as LXX and Vulgate. The Morpological Greek uses an unusual font, and individual words cannot be highlight, selecting a word selects the whole line. The Westminster Leningrad Codex and found the text rather small (although this can be adjusted), and words cannot be selected. The app offers a number of additional resources, all freely distributable. For example, on John 1 I selected “available commentaries” and found a few of the usual older commentaries as well as Chuck Smith, Ray Steadman, J. Vernon McGee (in English or Spanish), and a few others. Unique to the BLB is the inclusion of audio in the commentary sections. Selecting a sermon by Chuck Smith opens a player inside BLB (rather than iTunes). This particular file was almost an hour and a half long. (This review applies to version 1.07).
When I was hospitalized, I was on the Trauma Unit, which deals primarily with people who have been abused, I attended the Anger Management group. It sounds like it’s for people who have a problem keeping their anger under control, and that’s true. It’s also for people like me, who couldn’t get angry. After attending a few groups, I discovered that one of the problems I faced was that I was afraid of being angry at my parents. I had seen the consequences of expressing anger with my parents. It wasn’t pretty to say the least. In one situation, my dad took a bullwhip to my brother. The fact that my parents were hundreds of miles away and had no idea I was even in the hospital, let alone what I was discussing didn’t make a difference in how I felt. Facts often have little to do with emotions.
I didn't see any music, didn't acquire a single CD (although a band dropped off a press-kit on a 2-gig memory stick which has been cleared and is awaiting use on my desk), I didn't acquire any cool swag (nobody can afford it) although the cigarette lighter-flashlight that came in the registration bags was nice, and, unlike last year, I didn't get offered any apartment tips in Montpellier. I did, however, run into a couple of old friends and hear some good stories.
In this week’s edition we examine Canada’s internet love affair, welcome Near Field Communication Technology to Toronto and Montreal, applaud the first iPad application to win an Oscar, admire Google’s bold proposition to hackers, and welcome the Real Housewives of Vancouver to the popular franchise series.
Now most of the Mets sources I've read indicate that Thole had a disappointing season, and I too admit that I had higher hopes for him. However, he did show a bit of promise. I think he is worth starting again next season. I don't expect McCann numbers from him, but I think he can be as good as Jason Kendall was in his prime. His upside comes from the potential for a high batting average (.280 against Righties last year) and OBP (.349 against righties). Now obviously he'd have to improve on last year's numbers, but those numbers are a good start and his K/BB ratio is solid. The big question is whether a platoon is necessary with him, and it might be (though he only has 74 MLB ABs against in his career so it is hard to say). However, the Mets also have youngster Mike Nickeas that could offer that right handed complimentary hitter to Thole. Anyway, I picked this up because I still have hopes for Thole and did not think his 2011 season was that terrible. Plus, maybe the lefty friendly new dimensions at Citi Field next year net him another HR or two and he is only 24.
FH: I think they have two purposes - one to educate while you enjoy (and that is for as wide a spectrum as possible) and the other is for fun. I think it is important that events should include as many people as possible.
God has set a day in which He will judge the world in righteousness. On that day God will judge the secrets of men. Let the wicked flatter themselves that the idea of any coming to judgment is simply ridiculous. They have spoken lies. One day, however, when they see the Lamb of God whom they have scorned, they will cry out to the mountains and rocks to fall upon them.
How was your Easter? (or I should say, how was your Easter Sunday, because of course we have much rejoicing ahead of us still!)
Command D: Duplicate message. Invest a couple minutes in finding out how your mail program does this and then USE IT. And NEVER forward a query email. Never.
While Herman Van Rompuy, the EU president, has described his “Europa building” as a “jewel box”, David Cameron has been less enthusiastic dubbing it a “gilded cage”.
In 2012, he has already captured gold when he defeated Max Archer for the MMWA TV title.
"Each plastic cup has a hole in the bottom which is wide enough for a nozzle to be inserted. The key to keeping the hole sealed when beer is put in through the bottom is via a circle magnet that when pushed up by the nozzle lifts up so beer can be put in. When the beer is full, the machine automatically cuts off and all a bartender needs to do is just pull the beer off of the nozzle and the magnetic circle is then drawn back down to the cup by a tin magnetic ring embedded in the cup."
David Bowie - Detroit 1 March 1973 (FLAC)
hm.. she kinda seemed to think it was “fukkin awesome”
Allkpop, please continue to spam on JYJ and TVXQ2.
Once labor got serious, everyone - Wendy, her two apprentices Ada and Ashley, Gavin, and my three beautiful, patient, and sweet girls - pretty much just sat around staring at me. Usually at this point I am totally in my own world, curled up on my bed visualizing ocean waves. So, this was different. It was like a circle of love. I was alert and clear between every contraction, sitting on the floor, conversing and absorbing all the love and affection around me.
Skyrim came out this week and I considered notbuying it but it seems that my GPU isn't powerful enough to run the game on max settings which also seems to be the case with a lot of newer games. If I buy a new GPU I'll almost definitely want to buy a geforce gtx 600 but I'm extremely hesitant to spend $800 just so I can play a few shitty games.
Festival Actuel 1969-10-25.
What do others do and in what circumstances?
Spread about 2 cups pasta sauce over the bottom of the prepared baking dish. Arrange stuffed manicotti in the dish, and cover with remaining sauce. Sprinkle with remaining mozzarella cheese.
Stay tuned as I talk more tomorrow about all of the coupons that are available to print on the Internet.
I created this page from scratch using my own background papers from my own files, adding text and embellishments along the way. It’s such a fast process, or it can be a lengthy one if you’re a fiddler, like me!! I’m one of those “What if…?” kind of people. I love to experiment, and MMS is ideally suited to that! This page will be for an album about our pets…
Women – love cats.
For it would not be
Final word count: 96,390.
1) Rick over the edge. Yeah! Shut those whiners the fuck up with your bad self.
She strived to have nice things all her life.
If you're not getting an acknowledgement for your queryshark email, and you're using aol, dollars to donuts, that's the reason.
It took me about 8 months before I picked up Silent Hill 1 again. This time I knew what to expect and completed the game within 3 or 4 days. This time the camera angles didn't seem so confusing anymore, and the muddy graphics added to the atmosphere.
American Beer - It really had nothing to do with American beer. I think this was some sort of Canadian Independent movie. It was so boring and honestly, it sucked. I stopped it about half way through it. Don't waste your time. Grade - 1/2 Burp
The incidence of suffering a critical illness are greater than dying currently or suffering a disability.
1872-1873: “Wholesale merchant.”
“Why don’t you leave?”
Nevertheless, what the emperor can do for his subjects against the Turk, that he should do, so that even though he cannot entirely prevent the abomination, he may yet try to protect and rescue his subjects by checking the Turk and holding him off. To this protection the emperor should be moved not only by his bounden duty, his office, and the command of God, nor only by the unchristian and vile government that the Turk brings in, as has been said above, but also by the misery and wretchedness that comes to his subjects. They know better than I, beyond all doubt, how cruelly the Turk treats those whom he carries away captive. He treats them like cattle, dragging, towing, driving those that can go along, and killing out of hand those that cannot go, whether they are young or old.
MK ULTRA is still classified and Above Top Secret. In 1973, Helms ordered that all CIA-MK ULTRA files be destroyed. As a result, what the public have discovered about MK ULTRA is only a tip of the colossal iceberg.
QuicKutz Nesting Circles
As soon as his Brooklyn Paramount engagement ended, Columbo replaced Crosby at the New York Paramount, just as Crosby began his stay at the Brooklyn Paramount.
Let us use his day not to pat ourselves on the back for all he managed to do, and how evolved as a society it makes us that we honor him with a day off from work, but dedicate ourselves to continuing that push and remember these words of his.
This was a fun project to put together and I plan to frame it and have it in my office/craft space to remind me that having and using my imagination is a in fact a wonderful thing!
(Ural) My family was very supportive of my talent, and they have tried to help me a lot. I also continue to work with my middle school friend. I have found many supportive people all around the world.
Gold tray from Goodwill
Crafting When We Can is a fantastic new challenge blog that will be launching hopefully the beginning of September 2011. We will be a fortnightly/bi-weekly challenge blog. There are only 4 of us at the moment and we're looking for a few more talented crafters to join us!
I'll do that for at least 3 days.. maybe as many as 5,and then we'll see.
We tiled the walls in the shower area with white ceramic subway tiles with a 3” insert of grey glass mosaic tiles. On the floor, we used 2” hexagon white carrara marble.
to buy milk
8:12
Etihad Airways has signed a contract with Atlas Air, Inc. to provide the UAE flag carrier with its first Boeing 747-400 Freighter.
Extraordinary bosses see work as something that should be inherently enjoyable–and believe therefore that the most important job of manager is, as far as possible, to put people in jobs that can and will make them truly happy.
“An iPod … an iPod … hmmm … an iPod Stereo Dock and Bath Tissue Holder.”
Hiding under the Rainbow
There stories take place during a long heatwave where terrorist acts regularly take place.
The Beignet was one of the first things I ever made and probably the garment I've worn most. Before I started sewing my own clothes I wouldn't have gone within 50 miles of a high waistband, but since the Beignet I've realised how flattering a high waistband is for my body shape.
I am not sure where the couple theme came from but it seems to be appearing in my view these days . . ..
Because that’s what is happening. The very foundations of modern society (science, humanism and freedom within the rule of law) are being whittled away.
Remembering that a problem I had downloading the latest New Vegas patch was solved simply by changing my network settings to automatic (I have a static IP and an open NAT on my 360,) I decided to try that last night and my Tiger Woods 2011 was able to connect with no problem. At first I thought this was the ultimate solution to everyone’s ‘unable to connect to EA servers at this time‘ problems. After performing more experiments in preparation for this article I found just adjusting your network settings not to be the ultimate solution.
The key is to differentiate between “good” and “bad” inflation where good inflation represents an increase in consumer demand while bad inflation represents an increase in international commodity prices and/or VAT. Good inflation is easier for the central bank to control since it can influence domestic demand through monetary policy while bad inflation is usually due to global macro events and international markets.
Bahrain – 17 – in densist districts, following a decrees by the prime minister to allow building ‘to the sky’ following lobbying from landowners.
I don’t know what has caused this callous behaviour but I really don’t get it. Maybe it’s because I’m not a very good ‘fan’. Football brings out a bigger reaction in me than almost anything else, but maybe I still don’t care enough. To be honest, I don’t want to ever understand what causes people to act like this.
Zimmerman saw something, he called 9-1-1. Great. End of story. He did his job as a concerned citizen playing watchdog for his gated community. Should've stopped while he was ahead.
So I stock up on stories of hope, and every time I read one or hear one I write down a new dream for you on the lined yellow paper in my mind: "take piano lessons" and "have a host of friends" and "learn to swim".
When we go through life we are unable to see how God’s hand is at work. We can’t see the forest for the trees. But God is at work. He is in control. He is with us and because of that, we are able to live. The psalmist lists a number of examples of how God was with the people of Israel. Check out this list:
Oh but wait, you want details? Sure! Absolutely! LET ME GIVE YOU THE FUCKING DETAILS!!!
I miss him. I miss working with him, talking with him, watching movies with him, laughing with him. I miss our shared hopes for a better future. It’s a good thing I have so much to do — getting my car ready for the trip, getting ready for the yard sale—otherwise I’d just sit around feeling even sorrier for myself.
The Occupy movement targeted May Day as the day “the people of the planet will take to the streets.” Crowds formed in many major cities, joining protesters worldwide on International Workers Day to demand economic equality. But the day remained mostly peaceful. Promised stoppages of mass transportation and commerce by the Occupy movement largely fizzled across the country.
A slow saute of lacinato kale in a bit of Earth Balance, olive oil and soy sauce transforms into perfection on a plate. This easy-to-prepare kale is a nutritional powerhouse, delivers a rich and buttery taste and offers a complex array of textures. This dish can stand alone as a meal or serve as a perfect compliment to almost any main course.
going to work, are you? blah, blah, work. but as you are walking into work, what do you see? oh my, there's a cloud shaped like texas! why don't you take a photo? oh, you didn't bring your 10 pound DSLR with you to work? well, good thing you have your camera phone! TAKE THAT SHOT!
***Jake has been volunteer at the Food Center. Awesome.
During the global financial crisis in 2009, while other car companies were struggling to manage inventories and pushing sales, Ang practised an internal safeguard strategy, or vision statement, called “Control the free-fall.”
I’m pulled towards the kitchen and I walk there and see that the lunch items and plates and cutlery are being taken to the table and my mum tells me to take a seat and start serving up for myself. I reach for warm crusty garlic bread which is a little hot but I manage to get it onto my plate anyway. There is a fresh crisp salad there that gets my attention. The iceberg lettuce showing little droplets of water on it and slices of tomato sitting with it, also looking very fresh. There are raddish slices, cucumber pieces and alfalfa. I’ve never seen a salad so delicious looking before. I use the salad servers and place some of this salad on my plate. I add a little dressing but it doesn’t really need it.
The proposed amendments to the procedures for making a planning proposal are not an appeal to a Court. However the opportunity to take the proposal out of the hands of the Council – or to review a decision of the Minister – would be a significant additional opportunity for proponents and developers to influence the content of the LEPs that apply to their land and undertake particular development.
Happy Blogoversary to me!!
(WARNING CONTAINS EDD, TOM AND MATT)
We're getting older, aren't we? Here's what I've learned: time yields a degree of knowledge - some useful and some you'd rather not have. I can make up a cobbler recipe, plant peas without reading and rereading the seed packet, advise a friend in labor or another with a young infant. But the odds increase with the years that friends and relatives are going to get sick, suffer, divorce, die. It's obvious, right? I know people right now, people I love, who are undergoing chemotherapy, being diagnosed with cancer, having exploratory ct-scans, recovering from surgeries, losing jobs, working through broken relationships. Dying in fatal car accidents.
first and second patent populations;
1 cup fine bulgur
Wisdom has made
maybe because, as dan said, i always dreamed of having a red, curly haired little boy.
Here bring your wounded hearts, here tell your anguish; Earth has no sorrow that Heaven cannot heal.
My lovely and talented friend, Amber, of ADG Photography took my photos for this shoot while she was in town a while back and I absolutely love how they turned out. It was lots of fun having a photographer for a day and I'm so happy I was able to take advantage of her skills :) She's going to photograph Steve and I for our engagement photos and I can't wait!
Smooth enough, certainly has more body that the standard Beck's, Carlson, or the like. Tastes like an adulturated pilsner. Not terrible, but oddly twangy and tastes like it's almost exclusively made of adjuncts.
Challenge 12: June 3
Rating: 1 1/2 out of 5
Canada
We already had all the supplies needed for this book (markers, watercolor, finger paint, crayons, etc.)... and chances are you do too!!! The target age range for this book was 3-5...but I found that it worked really well with the 2 year olds as well... We really liked that they had so many project ideas for the different kinds of media... it was very helpful!
The man in question was Armin Meiwes who was arrested in December of 2002 and, indeed, it was hearing about the case on the news that first sowed the seeds in Ruth Dugdall’s mind. Meiwes was put on trial in 2003, and convicted of manslaughter in January, 2004. He was sentenced to 8½ years. Of course Ruth references it in the book along with other similar cases; she’s obviously done her research. There are clear differences, however, between the circumstances surrounding David Jenkins’ death and what happened in Germany but, needless to say, the press, ever keen to sensationalise things, focuses on the act of cannibalism, something Alice thinks little of:
MC-BC, if you don’t get it.
In a quite comedy element, especially if you a) have a brain, b) have actually read them, c) are not a moron, d) like to encourage some thought, you will laugh at Phillip Pullman appearing second on the US banned books list. This means a lot of people tried to have his books banned in case, you know, someone has a thought about something. You can read about it in the Guardian here. This might suggest that the books ought to come highly recommended, hint, hint.
for me, visual journaling is a way to record parts of my story.
If you feel that you could fill Belinda’s shoes or know anyone who could, we are now advertising for the position of frontline receptionist (see ad below).
and the moon's silver rocker
If life were to boil down to this one moment, you could bury me in the ground and return my body to the earth as one happy woman. Because if right here, and right now, isn’t enough – what ever would be?
The greatest teachers often have the greatest obstacles to overcome! The greatest shames.
This isn't to say that you can leave large sections or questions unanswered. If you're writing a mystery, you need to solve it. But perhaps your memoir isn't going to reveal a happily-ever-after. That's just fine. Leave with a call to action or a relevance to the reader's life. Make them think and feel a lot, and you have a good last chapter.
Hours afterwards I was still thinking about that painting, so I phoned the store to ask for the artist's name - and was told the owner had already collected the painting, and they knew nothing.
Despite this, in his letter last week, Vassalos praises the commission last week for its "outstanding contribution to ship safety", but as he knows better than anyone, the Concordia disaster was brought about by the very problem he has long been warning about – and so far in vain.
Aeropostal clothes may also be counted on to have discovery offers each and every now after which. At present, the clothes line features a fifty % off promo on all shirts. This might appear like a 1 of a type deal but in reality, this really is just common for the clothes brand. Really this really is 1 brand which understands affordability with out sacrificing style and high quality.
Perhaps my long-term treatment of thinking too much and keeping things to myself lead to all this negative, unhealthy and insensitive evil thoughts. I really hate myself when this happens and I start becoming so emotional and pushing and avoiding and rejecting everyone around me and sooner or later, I’ll have a major breakdown and it comes to a point where I needed someone to be with me, lend me a shoulder, lend me a listening ear, lend me a hand I could hold on to, someone who could wipe my tears. But no, no one will be there, because why? Me being a pusher, I thought I was strong and I could handle all this feelings and emotions all by myself and always think that I am better off on my own, was actually a minor weakling. An angsty teenager that still needed her parents support for everything, needed friends to be with her, needed love, needed care & concern.
Cumin powder - 1 tsp
Clydesdale Bank SPL, Sunday 2 October 2011
Nothing! Well you can come along to the first 2012 Inspirational you where you’ll have just that.
What is currently on your I-Pod right now?
Anna made it half the night in her bed before waking me up at 4 a.m. She had a little accident, so the Santa pajamas that I so lovingly dressed her in that night were not able to be featured this year. That’s OK, these were a good alternative.
Individual pull ring Tuna or sachets
At the slope of a driveway, we saw the door rusted and slightly open, and waited there, peeking around the corner. As soon as the third floor gorilla poked his head out the front door of the building and ran screaming towards his car we deked into the building, onto the basement floor.
Historical romances will always be my first love. I love any kind of romance but HR is irresistible. It's simply beautiful and if well written, like many authors that I've read can, it can take you on a whole new journey to a whole different world. A world you wish you could be part of. Or maybe that's just me. But still, doesn't the joy of reading come from the experience of a whole different world? And as well written as contemp romance are, they cannot take you into a different world for the simple reason that you're already living it. It's just not as good as romances make it out to be. And do not insult romances. Historical romance usually have substance to them. The heroines are no wilting flower - usually. Why not try reading one if you never have? Maybe you'll fall in love with it too!
Cinematography: Keith Brust, Wildtime Media, Tucson, AZ
After that dried, I went on to paint it 3 different shades of yellow trying to find the right one to match my kitchen.
2- This is a bright, but not super bright blue (those would have a 0 ir 1 in this spot), and it's not very gray (or else this would be a 7, 8, or 9)
Socalledauthor writes: Child abductions are not more frequent now than they were, however, they ARE more publicized. In my town (a semi-rural area), there was a child abducted in 1928. It got about two paragraphs in the local paper about how she was walking home from school and didn’t make it… when she was found, there was another small article.
Welcome to the Memories in Tyme blog hops - where you will find some seriously talented people who love to share their ideas with you! Our hop today and tomorrow is all things relating to spring - full of ideas for layouts, cards, décor or whatever else we’ve all decided to make! This is Lynda’s favorite time of the year - where things are starting to look nice, not be too hot, flowers and trees starting to come out, and people in their yards making their surroundings look good!
You like tomato and I like tomahto;
Now don’t get me wrong–it is good to have teachers. In fact, the Word itself tells us that God has given pastors and teachers and other leaders as a gift to the church, to help it grow (see Ephesians 4:11)…however it also commands and urges us to grow to maturity, to search the Scriptures, to learn directly from the Holy Spirit, ourselves, as we spend time in His Word on our own.
Drain from water and set aside, covered.
But it's not just them. Have you noticed? Everyone's having kids these days. People too young to be having them, people too old. The married and the unmarried. The rich and the poor. One of my oldest and bestest friends (second girl recently arrived, the tremendous sissy mickey) and the groin injecting junkie from my St James's ward. The mind-numbingly stupid and boring, and the soon to be so. And many of these people, even the smart ones, are doing it on fucking purpose. I mean, seriously. Do they have any idea how much children cost? Or how tedious and stressful they mostly are? Can they not see my rapidly greying hair, my spirit-crushed stance, my inability to stay awake past 11pm? Have they not heard of over-population, global warming, the re-introduction of college fees? What's the worse that could happen? Never experiencing the joy of an unrequested hug from your eleven year old? What you don't know can't hurt you. Dying alone with no one to listen to your interminable tales of former fake glories? Start a fucking podcast. A biologically driven feeling of emptiness and meaninglessness? Sure you get that anyway. How about the continuance of the human race? Don't make me fucking laugh. I mean, I really think we've done enough, don't you?
CS: Cherry Cobbler, Naturals Ivory, Not Quite Navy, Botanical Gazette DS
Meeting Myself on the Path
The modern usage of something like the P-word can be seen as a "bonding device", he suggests, without taboos. So, will the P-word eventually find its way into mainstream conversation? continues here
I make 'em go anyway, 'cause I know I can't afford to lose this battle. But even my will is gettin' weary.
* He is a partner of Hudson Urban Bicycles (HUB), a Manhattan bike store, and a longtime bicycle rider and racer, with a collection of bikes, according to the Wall Street Journal.
First, we moved and vacuumed everything!!
pendulum swings,
Mexia – East of Waco 33mi.; WWII German facility may be renovated.
13 How was the contract obtained. Eg tender, advert other (please state)
Nevertheless, the failure that Neels Jackson is, explains further that four months of military training made him aggressive towards his wife. How utterly pathetic to use the excuse of military training for your own personal failure as a human being. He is probably still an alcoholic and wife beater today and still blames Apartheid or his military training for it. I would like to interview his wife and family to find out how he behaves behind closed doors.
Tony Castaneda - guitars, bass
your drifting desire.
Paper - Magnifique, Colonial White and Pacifica cardstock
In a small bowl, add the leftover barbecue pork, rib meat, or brisket that has been cut into pieces. Add enough barbecue sauce to make the meat nice and wet but not swimming in sauce. Set aside. Butter or spray 6 wells of a muffin tin. Set aside.
This is the set up of David Cronenberg‘s recent film, A Dangerous Method. A film so restrained and cold that it seems even more of a diversion from Cronenberg’s earlier work in the eighties and nineties. The film is about sexuality, but it is more about the psychology behind it than the actual bodily aspect. Even his last two films, Eastern Promises and A History of Violence, contained carnal visceral elements reminiscent of his bizarre and surrealistic (some might claim perverse) fascination with the human body, yet that is nowhere to be found in this new film. Is this a bad or good thing? I suppose it depends on one’s taste.
Interns will be exposed to the communications/media industry and the responsibilities of the internship will link to substantive communication industry practices: e.g., writing for media, assisting with marketing campaigns, planning for events.
Will and I were married in a beautiful Catholic Church called Saint Mary's in Bristol, Rhode Island, which you can read more about here. We arrived a little less than an hour before the ceremony was set to start (yep, my mother and I like to be punctual. what can i say, type A!), so we had plenty of time for one last champagne toast!
Most websites I have looked at are really expensive for shipping (I know card is heavy but the prices I seen were way over the odds) and they don't do assorted colour packs/boxes. I don't want to have to buy a pack in pink, one in blue, one in brown etc, I just want an assortment of different colours.
At the start I had a case of anxiety, owing to the fact that the seminar was my first training for the year. It also turned out that almost all of the participants were older than me, some having been in ministry for quite some time. Adding to my nervousness, was my having to speak in Tagalog, a language I was still not accustomed to speaking.
Once we begin to explore, with a true heart and purity of intention, to really listen to the words Jesus gave us, we begin to realize there is more to religious education than adherence to the law of any given faith. Jesus gave us examples of gentleness and humility, as well as strength of character, when he stands up to reaffirm that the kingdom of God is within our hearts, that we are made of the Divine stuff of the Creator, that we are made of star-dust, breathed on by the Holy Spirit.
4 TB of sucanat or coconut palm sugar
Morocco is peaceful. There is nothing more peaceful than seeking refuge from all the chaos of the Medina within the walls of a riad. Quiet, seclusion and a warm welcome with mint tea is the norm. Some of the friendliest hotel hosts we have ever encountered on our travels around the world were in Morocco, many who went out of their way to make sure we were relaxed and well fed.
I don't recommend spending one's birthday in hospital--unless you've just been born, that is, which is pretty much unavoidable. Anyway, for anyone else, let me tell you that the champagne does not flow and the canapés lack a certain je ne sais quoi. Anyway, thank you for all your birthday cards, tweets and Facebook messages. Much appreciated.
Don't forget about the crafts! Dip in colored water, let dry, then cut to shape to create faux flowers or rainbow butterflies. They can also be used as scrapbooking backgrounds. Cut into a snowflake shapes to decorate in winter. They can also be used as backing for sewing projects.
One particular table stayed in one very small community, passed on and around between generations. Until, well, the story of the Table had all but been forgotten. Someone had put a heavy varnish on the once breathing wood, and that was that - the line of family who had cared for it all but died out. So, the last person remembering the tale gave the table to someone outside of the community. They hoped that the desperate act would keep the table's story going for another few centuries.
The blessing of Ashes and Mass follows None. The celebrant vests in a violet cope while the deacon and subdeacon wear violet folded chasubles. The organ is silent following the general rule when folded chasubles are worn. The Ashes, made from burning of the preceding year's Palms, are blessed with four collects of blessing. The short conclusion of these prayers may indicate the blessing was separated by the Expusion of Penitents from the Mass which follows. The Ashes are imposed whilst two antiphons are chanted Immutemur habitu and Inter vestibulum. These are followed by the poignant responsory Emendemus in melius. The Mass that now immediately follows is proper. The Gloria is not sung. The second collect is of St. Peter, the third collect of St. Paul. The preface of Lent is sung for the first time this year. The ferial tones are used for the orations, preface and Pater noster. The choir kneels for the Orations and from the Sanctus until Pax Domini. After the last collect the deacon sings Humiliate capita vestra Deo and the celebrant sings the Oratio super populum. The dismissal is Benedicamus Domino, sung by the deacon facing the celebrant and altar. The last Gospel is from the Mass of St. Peter's Chair.
Readers and participants can follow along with the Twitter hashtag #PitchMadness too!
I was still 15 minutes late. But again it was my own jackassery. Took the dog for a walk through Balboa park to burn off some steam.
Notes from Acts 1:
Aphrodite xx
Curious about IPv6 deployments and gaps that still exist with experiencing the Next Generation Internet? http://csc0.ly/6016rTBE
When the bus left me somewhere near the center of Catania, my first sight were the old, almost destroyed buildings, polluted air and dirty streets; it was difficult not to make the comparison with Latin America. Of course few minutes after walking around I was already overwhelmed by the countless beautiful spots of the city. It was clear to me that Catania had thousand ways to surprise you. It wasn't only the breathtaking monuments, but the way these merged with the people and the atmosphere of the city which is full of life. Later in the afternoon having some beers with a friend in a beautiful small square at Cona, we were observing the traffic on the streets. Cars and scooters moving constantly as living organism, never stopping, just filling the empty spaces, mixed with pedestrians, parked cars and an endless list of other obstacles that can be found on the street. Suddenly I made the very cliche comment: 'Oh man they really drive like crazy here' and he made the discussion again interesting with this very clever answer: 'You have to feel the rhythm of the traffic, otherwise you just go on foot'.
Katy xx
I have learned a lot about myself as a writer since I joined the Slice of Life Story challenge. Most importantly, is how this challenged has impacted my teaching. I teach first grade students who are just beginning to write and live writerly lives. As I work with my students during writing workshop, I have a new appreciation for how difficult it can be to get started or to come up with ideas for writing. So, I started reflecting on the Slice of Life challenge. What was it that helped me? It was reading stories that other Slicers had written and the comments that were left on my posts. I started thinking about writing workshop in my classroom. I must admit, there are days when we run out of time, and my students don't get a chance to share their writing with classmates. This was something that I NEEDED to correct. If reading stories written by other writers in my writing community was important to me, it must be important to my students in our classroom writing community. I'm happy to say that in my classroom I now make time for sharing stories in the Author's Chair on a daily basis. I'm not saying I found some extra time, but now I "MAKE" time for sharing our stories. The benefits are worth it and are listed below:
Sat in the reception area waiting for Lincoln to appear – down the corridor he came, on all four paws, dragging the surgeon behind him. I couldn’t believe how well he looked?
We did it indoors because there were just too much school materials (e.g. blackboard, toys, paint) that we could use for the shoot. Here are some of the photos I took (and a teaser for what I’ll be selling).
I stopped by Home Depot to pick up a snow shovel and noticed they had quite a selection of snow blowers. I can’t imagine being that lazy.
Add small pats of the remaining 2 Tbs. of butter to the top. Spread the pats out since vegan butter melts differently and you'll end up with polka dots like mine. Sprinkle the top with the breadcrumbs. Bake for 30-40 minutes until the crust is golden brown. Enjoy!
There are several ways to improve your page rankings. Here are five of the most popular tips:
Jimmy Swaggart - Will The Circle Be Unbroken
“And what would Arham say ?” She asked him quietly.
The most depressing example of that was perhaps the devastating fall out of the electoral campaign of Ilham Mossaid. A radical left Muslim woman who wears the veil, Mossaid stood in a regional election in a largly Muslim district as candidate of the revolutionary left party, The New Anticapitalist Party (NPA) in march 2010. Her candidature worked the whole French establishment into a lather of racism and islamophobia. There was hardly a notable French public figure who did not condemn this grievous sartorial attack on secularism and French identity. The communists and other parties of the left joined the attack as well. And worst of all, although Moussaid received the defense of the party leadership, the defense was tepid and conciliatory towards the racists, and a significant part of the membership was at best lukewarm. Seven month later, the whole group of local Muslim revolutionaries left the party.
Whitman now had three rifles, a shotgun, and three handguns, as well as three knives, a hatchet, a machete, tools, water, gasoline, a radio, binoculars, toilet paper, deodorant (deodorant?), sandwiches, canned goods, and sweet rolls. He packed these things into a footlocker, donned the coveralls of a maintenance man, and drove to UT.
Nauticalicious!!!
This lead to me attempting to research how one goes about joining the NHS. Should anyone else happen to follow in my footsteps, I have some very simple advice: don't.
“This is not a request.” General Wei insisted. “You are trespassing and must relocate to the nearest assistance center. This is for your own good.”
I will be a better person for all that I have seen and experienced.
Theres a wonderful sketch for ya to play with made by our talanted Kylie. OOOh she makes the most amazing cards, every single time they are jaw dropping gorgeous. Shes my idol! I so wanna do it like she does it!;)
I envy all those mum's that have blogs about organising their kids rooms, random cupboard's and spaces under the stairs, it is my dream (and yes I do have dreams about 'spaces' being colour coordinated, and a label maker makes an appearance somewhere!) but my goodness where do they find the time!!
Even better, a sell sheet can be helpful when making an editor/agent pitch. A proper has all the elements you need to give your sales pitch in any situation.
I thought about the Cruiser with the detachable seat thingy but figured that would just annoy me
Whites lacking in entrepreneurial and technical skills have been condemned to poverty and despair, despite being literate and hard-working.
Lastly, it ignores the different metrics by which markets and states measure investment success. Private markets prefer a quick kill, with profits coming fast and furious. By contrast, states genuinely interested in development need to make infrastructural investments where the benefits accrue to the whole economy. Thus, the benefit, or profit, is harder to capture by a specific interest. Moreover, the time horizon on state investments may be unacceptably long for private investors.
“Certainly there was an undercurrent of things esoteric, in the most mystical sense of the word, beneath the surface of Illuminism. In this respect, the Order followed exactly in the footsteps of the Knights Templars. The Templars returned to Europe after the Crusades, bringing with them a number of choice fragments of Oriental occult lore, some of which they had gathered from the Druses of Lebanon, and some from the disciples of Hasan Ibn-al-Sabbah, the old wizard of Mount Alamut.
Here is the transcript of Wolf Blitzer’s interview of Foreign
His days are numbered. for his 18th Birthday I am planning to place all his belongings on the front porch, have all the locks changed, and pay a police office to sit there and explain to him how things will change for him.
Meanwhile, I still want my book back. I still want Fitzhenry and Whiteside to honor the contract they signed. Contracts are not a thing of convenience, to be ignored when a publisher pleases. "Make me," isn't in a professional lexicon...or shouldn't be. If you feel the same, I hope you'll pass this warning along.
One trip to Michael's later and I had armed myself with 3 12"x12" canvases and some oil pastels (which I should mention I haven't picked up since the 4th grade). But I resigned myself to "letting go" and not focusing on making anything perfect, just something fun and colorful to fill the Baby's world for a while.
Iconemesis works with illustrators to create iPhone cases and collaborates with Fifi Lapin, Leah Goren, Gemma Correll and Pomme Chan. They have cases for all iPhone 3g and 4/4s! I love the creative designs they provide and there are dozens of designs to choose from!
1) It’s doubtful that I am going to ever definitively find The One Good Thing. Heck, if Aristotle couldn’t pin it down, I doubt that I’m going to stumble across it during my daily perambulations of the internet and occasional forays into reading the Bible. Maybe I have some tiny bit of hope that some scientist, somewhere, will someday be able to prove Goodness and Virtue in regards to some diet or health practice. Maybe I need to revisit the demarcation between science and philosophy.
Accessing inner balance
We spent 6 days in Colombia, but we spent time in Bogota and Cartagena in that time. We found Bogota to be a very organised city, with a lot more modern architecture than we expected. We travelled by bus within the city, and were pleasantly surprised by this well organised system – they even had small bus stations at every stop. No need to wave down a bus!
I would say the biggest mistake I see most people make is shooting with a shutter speed that is too slow and that makes the photos blurry or look out of focus. The best advice I ever got and can pass on is to learn how to shoot totally in manual mode where you select the aperture and shutter speed. When you learn how to do this you understand more about how light and shutter speed combine to make a picture, and then it is much easier to correct mistakes or make the changes you want to make a photograph better.
Another in a series of analyses on my art. It’s been a while, but I’m baaaa-aaack!
Anywho... I am happy to say that I am pretty booked with custom orders for a while, and am just wrapping up an order for a client here in Severna Park. Joanna has two daughters and a little boy. The girls were sharing a room but have gotten to the point of needing their own spaces. Fortunately, Joanna had her own childhood furniture ready and waiting in the wings. It just needed some fresh paint! Here are the before shots she sent me... (and I hope these pictures show up!!! I am having issues saving them, so I copy and pasted...)
By the way, Tweez, that's not a bad first record to have...
mewithoutYou- Ten Stories (the long awaited album from these musical geniuses, and also their first album not released on Tooth & Nail Records)
In this example, I was using the crash test application—clicking the See Solutions took me right to the screen with the proper solution, which was to stop running the crash tester, of course.
You attempted to purchase an item while in a different country than listed on your Amazon account.
So the question that remains is why would anyone buy a company with massive debts that can only get larger? Well, that’s where the L word comes in: Liquidation.
On to more finishes:
Stayed up later than I wanted to and slept on the couch with a child who wasn't ready for bed, because we always had fun and learned to respect each other.
The colours of red and white always elicit a sugar-centered response for me, especially at the holidays; together they just scream 'candy' (and then afterwards they scream 'unbearable sugar rush!!!!'), so this snowflake ornament by Mymothersgarden immediately drew my attention. Reminds me of a beautifully decorated sugar cookie *G*
If you query Ms. Janczuk, your chances of getting an offer are about 1 in 2000 (all things being equal, which of course, they are not.)
Tasting Notes: Pours with a huge fluffy white head, I think I overdid the carbonation a bit. Color is a hazy golden straw color. Aroma is full of cloves with just a hint banana, not the balance I was looking for. Flavor is about the same, wheaty with a nice clove flavor, not a lot of malt or sweetness. Finish is rather dry with plenty of carbonation, very refreshing. Mouth feel is a little light. Good beer overall*, but not exactly what I was aiming for. I was really surprised that the FG came out so low.
09. Water torture - Bennie Maupin / 4:53
The Traveller Solidarity Network is involved in ongoing work with Travellers, Roma and Gypsies to fight discrimination and resist unjust evictions. For more information and to get involved, visit www.travellersolidarity.org
I found him in the grocery store with a funny look on his face. Apparently while walking to the grocery store, he realized that there was one other shop in the complex that we hadn't talked to so he stopped by. He didn't know what the shop was just based on the name so he stood outside for a moment to look for any identifying marks on the outside of the building that would help him figure out what kind of establishment was inside.
So I took his hand and dragged him out of the doorway. I saw he had a nerf gun but I didn't really know how to use them that well so I left the gun behind (which I regretted later) and I exited the room. I ran down the hall cautiously and peered around the corner. I saw a guard sleeping by another room. I ran up and quickly tapped him three times he fell dead I propped him so it looked like he was still sleeping. I peered into the room he was guarding and there was the final target BUT WTF? The room had red yarn strung across it back and forth from floor to ceiling. I was not a contortionist. Apparently if I had brought the nerf gun I could have shot the final target through the "lasers". I found out later my partner had been killed eliminating the other guards that had been roaming the halls. At that point another guard came out of the room and starting yelling alarm and I was caught - my game was over. I ended up placing 7th out of 33. Pretty good for someone who had never done it before! HA! (I think I scared my husband!)
Impulsive
Call it destiny. Call it a mistake. Call it naivete. But Samantha's next words seal not only her fate, but the fate of humanity.
The third grater has all the same features, blah blah, but this blade is good for carrots, cheese, potatoes and the like. I couldn't resist trying it out immediately, so I whipped out some baby carrots and went at it! Beautiful shavings were my reward. Next time I make carrot cake, this will be a life saver! No more crunchy bits in my bakes goods! This would also be great for latkes!
Spring was making itself abundantly present in the wild irises, poppies and general melange of wildflowers visible everywhere I looked. Below me in the center of the river I could see a fly fisherman standing waist deep moving his wrist rhythmically back and forth snaking his line in the water. Butterflies hovered over the blooming bushes and a background buzz of insects swirled around my head like stereophonic sound.
Stone Canyon
10. There will be a small resurgence of Lager beers being brewed, but will fall quick because locals can't drink anything that's not deluged in hops.
Now that there are miles and an ocean between us, I've had to try and find a recipe that could stand in as a substitute. I came across this highly rated chocolate chip cookie recipe (I love reading recipe reviews) and thought I'd give it a try. They were described to come out just the way I like them, chewy and crisp on the edges. Yum!
*Pure cream in Australia is similar to double cream in UK and Europe, and heavy cream in North America.
Who is with me?
intuitive eating
I do not accept the blame.. I told him that.. so he moved on to the usual $$ issues.. and I made him do the math.. and again refused to accept the blame. “Whatever”
I'm really just faffing about tonight, but it's all under the guise of practising what I've been learning in my Photoshop class...
UKIP bombed again. I begin with them as I know them best having stood in three parliamentary elections for them, numerous locals and a European election. Although they gained a reasonable percentage of protest votes in places, they just cannot convert that into seats, and their London mayoral candidate couldn't even muster 2% of the vote. They got no seats in the London Assembly.
Simon Strantzas – The Other Village
I since was asked to enter my password for my google account with a word verification twice which it's never asked for before.
One of the first things that impressed me was how many sales reps there were. HarperCollins alone had four, just for SW London (one for fiction, another for children's, one for general non-fiction, plus a dedicated rep for maps and reference), whilst most of the other major publishers had at least two.
an orange clogged, red-haired God
In his essay “The Twelve Men”, Chesterton points out that a distressing paradox in our world is that “the more a man looks at a thing, the less he can see it”. In other words, the more familiarity we have with something, the less likely we are to appreciate its significance. The posters and paintings that we hang on our dorm wall soon become invisible to us. Class material that at first excites our interest often loses its appeal as the semester drags on. Family members that we love and admire soon get taken for granted. In various ways, our familiarity with the world robs us of the wonder that it initially instilled in us.
when into the door each foot goes.
Don't want upgraded blogger dahsboard if my crap spelling is going to be revealed in all,its dislecsick glory.
I know, it sounds harsh. She had seemed to pick a spot in my closet. It was dark, and she was pretty satisfied with it, it seemed. However, she would not stay there. Not. At. All. She sat in the closet until I walked away and then she would follow me. She bled on the couch, she bled on the floor. I called every vet under the sun, because I was worried. It was a long day. Finally, I went and put her back in the closet and sat with her. When I went to bed, I was hoping she would stay, because I was in the same room and it was dark. HA! She got up and went to lay (and bleed) on my daughter's bed. I found her at 2:00 in the morning, purring away happily, fluids leaking everywhere, and not a kitten to be seen. This was why I put her in the closet and "locked" the door--I was hoping to contain the mess and get her to concentrate!
Personally, I'd prefer to have the tall bookshelf on the wall next to the entertainment center, but Hubby says no to that for now. Plus that bookshelf may soon end up in our bedroom anyhow, so it's kind of a non-issue anyways.
It’s totally inappropriate for people to panic-buy. There are enough pies out there as long as people do not fill up unnecessarily.
Projections are a bit scattered on him with the usually conservative MARCEL showing a much higher value than Bill James projection. Surprising. They are averaging out at about .390/.495/.895 for him. I see him possibly being a bit down from there, maybe a .380/.490/.870 season for him, 25 HRs, 100 RBI or so. It will be a strong season from the cleanup hitter all in all. I think he has peaked. I truly do. I think a few more really solid seasons though isn’t unreasonable. But he is on the wrong side of 30 now, so it makes sense and he doesn’t exactly have a skill set that looks to age too greatly. He is what he is and what he is, is valued nicely with a solid contract, great defense at third, and versatility to play third as well. V-Mart will have some time at 1B, maybe Lowell too. But, Youk should be there most of the time and that is what you want.
The Sixth Doctor makes his début in an adventure that takes him from the desolate world of Titan III to the planet Jaconda which is in the slimy grip of the giant Gastropods. The Fact of Fiction places 1984’s The Twin Dilemma under the microscope, pokes it with a stick and uncovers its secrets!
Seriously, bye.
for 2 years. And it feels pretty darn good too!
From now on I will go through my photos and Pinterest likes every Tuesday and find us a pretty picture to add colour and joy to the day.
Give me Broadway, with the soldiers marching—give me the sound of
Next post I promise to cook something and take more pictures. This has been a bad work week and I'm hoping it will slow down a bit soon. Not to mention I should be getting in a care package from a buddy in Alaska (MIDNIGHT SUN!!!!) sometime in the coming weeks.
back-casting and pre-figuring.
Ok, so I know this is a day late but there is a reason for that! I was working on writing and editing this post on my iPhone yesterday and well, long story short, I had to turn off my phone for a concert and all my work writing went *poof.* So here is the typical Sunday post… one day late.
Thank you Mr. Hignite, and thank you Mr. Hernandez. Nice work, gentlemen.
Write a winning headline for this topic – with prizes! Someone from the table will win….
Except for a business obligation yesterday, I may not have done so for a long time.
Right after that it got realistic and a plant from Little Shop of Horrors spits acid on a Seal’s face and then he is taken out by a croc type dinosaur and another Seal taken out shortly after that by a pesky raptor from Jurassic Park. The movie does a good job of fulfilling the necessary prehistoric kills.
Supplies used: cardstock - white; patterned papers from Glitzmas by SEI; whisks - Local grocery store and Hobby Lobby; treat bags and ribbon - Michael's; twine - Papertrey Inc.; Hershey Kisses; fonts - Santa's Sleigh and LD Simple Things
For the last few days B was up in Maine visiting her Grandparents. It was great to get some last minute projects done and have some one on one time with Matt before baby # 2 arrives.
Didn't feel like carrying my camera with me so only thing I have are these phone pictures.
These observations are consistent with several processes active in latent viral infection and would not have been uncovered by assessing marker expression alone.
Author Eats
Today I am linking up with these blog parties, check them out and enjoy!!
What if, instead of worrying about congestion, transit planners and their government funders actually thought about reducing pollution and carnage, increasing efficiency, improving society and providing access for all? Would they be building, maintaining and subsidizing them at anywhere near the scale they do now?
Needless to say, the fact that my intentions were in question bruised my ego. Now, I know, it sounds anticlimactic when I put it that way, but I really don’t want to go into a lot of detail. Let’s just say that I was as angry as a swarm of fire ants whose meticulously constructed ant hill had just been annihilated. (Can’t you just picture yourself as an eight-year-old quickly inserting your size 6 boot into the side of the mound and kicking it up? I remember doing it and watching the scattered ants scurry around probably wondering how their world just got turned upside down and deciding what to do next. I also remember being bitten by several of them who had somehow crawled up my boot and into my sock.)
I am naturally partial to the books of the History Publishing Company, Palisades, New York. In a unique book, Custer Survivor, John Koster writers of “The end of a myth, the beginning of a legend” ($16.95, softcover) because, as it turned out, despite the commonly held view that all of the troopers of the five companies accompanying General George Armstrong Custer died at the battle at the Little Big Horn, it turns out that one of them did, indeed, survive, Second Sergeant of C Company, Frank Finkel. This is the story of how he escaped, his ensuing ordeal, and the subsequent years of his successful life. It is, admittedly, a tiny niche of history, but an interesting one. For those who find war reportage interesting, Operation Phantom Fury: The Assault and Capture of Fallujah, Iraq by Dick Camp ($30.00, Zenith Press, Quayside Publishing Group) offers 100 color photos and 10 color maps to enhance a compelling text about the November 2004 operation that, as in most military engagements, did not go as planned. A combined force of U.S. and Iraqi forces was, in fact, the second offensive into Fallujah and involved the most difficult house-to-house kind of combat. This firsthand account of the brutal reality of the war in Iraq is a tribute to those who fought it and those who lost their lives. The 188th Crybaby Brigade by Joel Chasnoff ($25.00, Free Press) is subtitled, “A skinny Jewish kid from Chicago fights Hezbollah.” It is a less than flattering look at the Israel Defense Force, still regarded as one of the most feared fighting forces in the Middle East. Seeking to prove something to himself, Chasnoff, a 24-year-old Ivy League post-graduate decided to volunteer to serve in the IDF, going from would-be warrior to disillusioned soldier who in the end discovers that, according to Jewish law, his mother’s conversation doesn’t really qualify him as a Jew at all. He can die for Israel, but he just can’t get married there! He is the lone American is a platoon of 18-year-old Israelis. This is an entertaining glimpse inside Israel that the tourist board would rather you not read.
Cars parked on the drives of houses bigger than mine.
I realised it was a fireman, dressed in full protective gear. I was rooted to the spot for what seemed like ages but in actual fact could only have been a few seconds. He looked around and then lurched forward as he spotted me. Faster than I could say ‘Jack’, he flung me over his right shoulder and carried me out of the apartment like a sack of potatoes.
"While the Chiefs and I have not developed our advice, we believe that
California Vintage - for wine and fresh mexican on Wyndham Street .
We were talking about some of these issues today. Not only will this be a painful read based on my current situation but it's also a painful read based on the fact that I am a child of divorce myself. I'm 38 years old and I have never gotten over my parents' divorce. Was it for the best? For them, yes. For me and my sister? No. It wasn't. For me, it left me completely vulnerable to the predators of the world as my parents spent their time and energy worrying about who was in their bed and what that person was doing and who the next person in their bed would be and if the one they had now would stay and dealing with the drama of second marriages. I was forgotten and left without protection. My parents' divorce is the catalyst for everything that came after. It was the first huge disaster followed swiftly by other disasters, large and small, that could not have happened without that one. If there is a right way to divorce, and I think there is, my parents missed every.single.mark.
The director of the British Museum had the title of ‘Principal Librarian’ in the nineteenth century, and under him were the Keepers (and Assistant-Keepers). On 27 April 1831, Antonio Panizzi was appointed ‘Extra-Assistant Librarian’, beginning an association with the museum which lasted until his death in 1879 and is commemorated in the annual Panizzi Lectures on bibliographical topics.
I hope you all enjoyed our vacation as much as we did. Now to upload it to Shutterfly.
the tools of the trade for
I don’t believe in reviewing new start-ups until a year or two passes, and I wonder where Unibook will be with retail prices for paperbacks advertised on their main website page at anything from $14 to $20. Unibooks may aspire to being more of an author bookstore and publisher's 'out of print' short print-run solution than an actual author solutions company.
My mom pointed these two verses to me, tonight. She wants my blog readers including Jews and Christians to know that it’s the same religion that they follow and that which we, Muslims, follow (42:13). The second of the verses (42:15) implies that we should refrain from arguments with People of the Scripture.
It finally came to a point where I had to decide on a breed for the middle brown horse. Once again, I ran a google search and looked up brown horses. I saw some beautiful Spanish Mustangs that I liked, so I decided to color him as a nice, rich brown that darkened into almost black accents. Since he was to be the focal horse, I put the most work into him so he would stand out more.
So, that's basically my job. The best part about it is that Zora is working around my two upcoming vacations. This weekend my best friends are coming in from Georgia and next week Mat and I are headed to California for six days. Stayed tuned for more exciting adventures in Our Wandering Life.
"You have sinned and must be punished."
Timely was also at this time experimenting with book-length comic stories. We had previously seen extra long stories in the classic Human Torch/Sub-Mariner battles as well as in titles like YOUNG ALLIES where a story was broken up into 5 or so chapters all linked to the main story. The debut issue of JUSTICE COMICS ran a whopping 46 pages and the just launched esoteric IDEAL - A CLASSICAL COMIC also sported book-length tales. Now Timely released COMPLETE MYSTERY #1, a title that would cap the first wave of Timely/Atlas crime books, each issue a book-length story followed by a short 1 to 4 page filler.
The European Union (EU) was the most designated contracting party in terms of the number of designs for which protection was requested. Designations of the EU contained 8,440 designs (76.2% of the total number of designs). The next most designated were Switzerland with 7,593 designs (68.5%), Turkey with 4,631 designs (41.8%) and Ukraine with 2,550 designs (23 %).
Lana posted this gem on Facebook the other day. Made my cells sing. (It's a rainy morning here.)
"Yup. Pretty much."
In case your head is spinning by now, below is an easy reference chart for you:
These designs are based on hand made, paper valentines of the 18th and 19th centuries.
Spring is in the air, and we are ready for the newest Top 10 Countdown. This month, an animated title re-enteres the Countdown and a new “Walt-are” title makes it’s Countdown debut. Presenting each month: the 10 unreleased Disney titles YOU the members want to see released on DVD the most.
I have realised this morning the importance of slowing down and sometimes saying no to activities, even if good. I was booked in to go to pilates at lunch time, my last session in a package. MIL was kindly going to have JJ so I could go. I have been the past few Tuesdays and while great it takes up the whole afternoon till pick up time and I miss one of my two quiet times I get in the week when JJ is alseep and no other children are home.
I have two swords, the sword of mercy and the sword of torture and judgment. For the sword of mercy, it has fallen from me along the path so I left it. And the sword of torture and judgment, for this is it.. -sound of a sword being unsheathed can be heard-
burned away, and this is both an art and a fortunate accident. Those
This time of year begs for the flavors of the region, and I plan to post recipes with an Israeli touch in the coming week. So for my first recipe of this series, I am adding one from Seattle! But what’s Seattle got to do with Israel, you must be wondering. Not a whole lot, except that I found a great recipe for slow cooked Moroccan Chicken, Apricot, and Chickpea Tagine on the wonderful Seattle Foodshed blog. I’ve been wanting to make this type of dish for a while, but most recipes require cooking the dish in a tagine, which is a traditional North African earthenware pot. I have resisted buying one as it’s big and takes up too much place. So when I saw this recipe, which not only didn’t require a tagine, but also called for the dish to be cooked in a slow cooker, I knew it was the one for me. And I wasn’t wrong! It was terrific.
“I cried when they took me from the institution – not because I was sorry but because I was glad to leave that place,” said Ion. He is one of four young men who have moved out of the institution at Orhei into a new Community Home in Moldova, with the support of Keystone Human Services International Moldova Association. This community home is one of the first of its kind in Moldova. It was developed by Keystone, in partnership with Moldova’s Ministry of Labor, Social Protection and Family and the Orhei Raional Council as part of the Community for All-Moldova Program.
" title="mensusa">Mensusa Blazers are usually of a different color than that of the pair of trousers you wear. You can also wear collarless t-shirts inside instead of shirts when you plan to wear a blazer. Suit's upper coat is always the same color as that of the pair of trousers you wear. They come jointly as a package.
The first step was to lift the box of film reels from the house without them knowing. I usually go to my parent's house every Sunday but I couldn't attend this particular day. So I left it up to my brother. All he had to do was find the box (which we knew was in the back of a closet somewhere) and put it in the car. Well, he went to find it and couldn't. So, to my disappointment, he had to ask my Dad where it was, thus letting him in on the secret. I was very upset about this. I am all about a surprise! But it was good that Mom still didn't know so I let it go.
JSB—The different witnesses that you talked to—are there any common threads in the reports?
Dating Jesus – Susan Campbell
I used a 16-inch circular needle to start and later switched to dpns (you cast on many stitches, then gradually decrease them away as you knit the cuff). However, you could also use Magic Loop or whichever method you prefer for working in the round. The beads are placed using the crochet hook method and instructions are provided, so don’t be put off if knitting with beads is new to you. The lace stitch patterns are provided in charted form.
I just told him to forget about everything but this way we started talking on the chat about what had happened that night at the bar.
Here's a classic example - the amazing walking bass on Invitation from Joe Henderson's great 'Tetragon' album. Everything that's great about Carter's bass playing is on display here - if you want to know how to play so much C minor and yet never repeat yourself, then you need to check this out. The bass is a little over-recorded and the sound a little too early Barcus-Berry pick up (for my taste anyway), but the way Carter bosses this track is just extraordinary. And he and DeJohnette sound so good together.......
Chin up eyes front and centre and just keep swimming
Waxes: Beeswax, Soy Wax, Candelilla Wax, Carnauba Wax
As an avid blogger who enjoys scrolling through tweet after tweet, I do enjoy the sarcastic and mocking humor aimed at Greek life, journalists, Chicago, etc. Throughout this past semester, though, jokes are going just a bit too far. Take blog sites such as Total Frat Move (TFM) and its companion site, Total Sorority Move (TSM). The TFM pledge jokes are admittedly funny, as are the big-sis and little-sis jokes on TSM. However, they’ve increasingly become degrading and flat out offensive. Here’s just a taste of what “real” fraternity men and sorority women apparently are like:
Shortly after noon officers could be seen scaling the roof of the house and attaching tarps to the roof and a fence to shield the body of the dead officer from the view of TV helicopters.
B: I called every day, to see how she was doing. Every time that I called her, it seemed something was brewing. I called her and a guy picked up, and then I called again. I said, yo, who was that?
aka: The Smurfs!
If you do try any of them, please let me know!
I love gardening so it's been a wonderful creative outlet for me to plan and plant around the Hen House making it look and feel as if it's always been there. I love watching the garden grow up around it and changing the decorating scheme as the seasons change.
Melia, your director, is also a mom. Our business is not known for being parent/child friendly. Did it help having Melia and Lisa Timmel, Huntington's Director of New Plays (who is also a mother), on the team as you went into production to develop this play?
But these are the days of our lives, and this is the life we have chosen. To walk it is a blessing and a curse both, our careening between the extremes of happiness and sadness the measure of our growth as we slowly come to the realization that the extremes obscure rather than reveal the path to Enlightenment. The measured consideration of the state of Self becomes an imperative that becomes more and more difficult to deny, over time. Observing the condition of humanity is a marker upon that road, a signpost on the highway of life, leading one toward a greater understanding of others, through the understanding of one’s own self.
This isn't atypical.
A new month...a new crop of sponsors!
When we both ran outta dough we decamped to her house. We weren't even in the door before I had her on her back on the stairs, her soggy gusset round her ankles, me up & down like a piston, arse in the air, knees in the carpet, fucked her fast deep and hard, reckoned my dick coulda knocked holes through walls, the horny fast violence of every single stroke.
And the complication.
The Nicene Creed sought to give a fuller explanation of who Jesus was in relation to God the Father among other things, including explaining what “the life everlasting” means.
27. Played dress up? - I used to do that with my Gram's clothes and jewellry (the one I live with now) all the time. I'd go get all dolled up with my little sister while Mom and Gram visited, and then we'd shashay out and pretend to meet them for tea.
Bryan Cooper
1 double
Why people are looking for cheap tickets for sports events. How they think and what they do to have the best ticket at the lowest price.
At one point, the convoy stretched over more than 1km. Traffic officers drove ahead, forcing traffic in both directions off the road while their colleagues blocked off every crossing on the route to allow the convoy unimpeded progress.
Spoon the sauce over the eggplant slices and top with the cheese. Cover dish with foil and bake in oven for about 10 minutes. Remove foil and cooked under the broiler if needed to brown the cheese.
Moon sped off across the sand and towards the Rocker dogs!
I want to talk to you today about passive voice. Passive voice happens when the subject and the object are reversed so that the object comes first.
From the darkness that pools,
Our girls are ready
or a buttonhole, not because it did anything spectacular,
One time I was at their house, and their second child accidentally spilled Easter grass from his Easter basket up and down the hallway. My friend’s husband came home and basically yelled at her for not cleaning that up. Her child had just done it, and she was in the process of trying to get the child to help clean up, but her husband was just immediately annoyed and didn’t bother to understand the situation before he made it out to be my friend’s fault that there was a mess.
I.B.F. Pick-Me-Up (adapted Bob Card's original creation)
► April (1)
It was fine at the Fair but once the Exhibition Halls closed we all trooped off to a club called the mango Lounge, which was noisy and dark. After one bottle of Prosecco and meeting @FlossieTeacake, who had just been a Twittername to me before, we decamped for a nice Chinese meal and a chat to Lucy's husband, known in her blog as the Wanton Toast Eater. (We did not have Won-ton though).
When Mandy had selected the design for the house, she asked Hank if he’d mind not having a dining room. He thought it was a strange request, and she explained that it was a waste of a room because it would only get used about three times a year. Not having a dining room would provide an excuse to not host Christmas, Thanksgiving, or other major events that required a table for at least ten people. When Hank asked what she had in mind instead of a dining room, her response thrilled him. “Pool table,” she said. “Instead of a stupid chandelier, we’ll hang a Tiffany light over the table. Run speakers from the stereo, maybe put a bar in the corner, and you got a game room without having to spend ten grand to add an extra room.” Hank loved saving ten grand and even more than the thought of both Mandy and Dee bent over the edge of the table.
3 T soft butter or canola oil
A right guy will see your strengths and let you step aside to display them, even if it makes him look weak. It’s like his subtle way of saying, “You totally rock.” Well that and he wants to stay alive. If a guy isn’t letting you shine in your own way, with your own talents, something’s seriously awry.
Now, David Minton of Purdue University has come up with a novel solution that, by his own admission, straddles science fact and fiction. Minton proposes that Earth was closer to the sun when it formed and then migrated outward to its current orbit. To keep Earth tepid under a cooler sun, our planet would have needed to have been roughly 6 million miles (9.7 million kilometers) closer to the sun than it is today.
Second time through:
We are told that the visible universe is 15 billion light years across – probably a factor of 5 out. Eagleman suggests that Galileo's near-contemporary Bruno was burned at the stake for rejecting an Earth-centred universe – which he wasn't. (He was burned at the stake, but for heretical religious views, not his science.)
Oleyl Imidazoline – See Oleyl Alcohol.
support of the poppy eradication. Despite these constant interactions, the
The strings of wet material touched Goldie's lips, and her hips bucked when Jason pushed two fingers into her core and massaged her G-spot mercilessly. Goldie moaned long and hard, and the leather strings invaded her mouth. Jason's growled whisper in her ear urged her to comply, and she sucked the wet strands, tasting herself mixed in with the leather.
If you could read a poem
In South Carolina, it was a new interstate highway, and dredging the port in Charleston. In New Hampshire, it was burying a power line coming in from Canada and building a new VHA hospital in New Hampshire so that people don’t have to go to Boston.
Her health deteriorated due to diabetes. It took her eyesight and both legs, but it did not take her spirit.
she responded "i want to be clara."
Apparently not knowing when to stop when he’s ahead, Stewart added, “We also continued to build our talent pool across key areas of the company, adding four proven interactive retail veterans to our team. Annette Repasch, a multichannel retailing executive of 25 years, joined us to oversee merchandising strategy and product development for Jewelry & Watches, Health & Beauty, and Fashion & Accessories. We also added three industry veteran
169Deepens the murmur of the falling floods,
Hi everyone! Thanks to all of you who came to the soup swap. I had a great time, and I can't wait to try your soups.
This one is of me...shock horror!!! and No!! its not meant to be my cranky face!!!! Just my serious face!
Vet Tech Tales is up to 194 sales after its free push.
Benchmarked on international standards and best practices such as ISO 50001, the training aims to build capacity of energy professionals in Indonesia by creating a pool of local trainers on energy management systems. Among the topics covered are carbon footprint calculation, GHG inventory, and energy management systems.
BOSCH UPS ITS PATENT ACTIVITY: Researchers and developers at Bosch made a record number (2,791) of patent applications in 2004 (2003: 2,748). Bosch’s Automotive Technology division claims it registered more patent applications than any other company in the automotive industry.
While you’re eating your french inspired sandwiches keep an eye on the upcoming presidential run-off election in France. It seems that incumbent, right-wing Sarkozy is a little behind in the polls, and his debate tomorrow night against his Socialist challenger, Francoise Hollande will probably be his last opportunity to pull in any votes in his direction. Voter turnout and participation is pretty dismal in the United States, but it’s reported that 1/3 of the population in France will be watching this debate (1). That’s a pretty high number in my opinion, so it’ll be interesting to see how many will actually go out and vote on May 6th, and if there will be a new President and party in power.
Well that sounded a bit of an oxymoron when I first heard that! However I think it means that nothing in His plan is perfect in our eyes. In the end it is, but not at the moment. It's a really encouraging quote. There are so many things going on which makes the year look bleak as I'm really trusting God completely. I just don't know what's going to happen. I've been looking for peace and confidence about the upcoming camp - yes I know I've done it a few times before, but I still didn't feel bang on right. God reminded me of the passion needed to continue His work in children.
I don’t know if JA Konrath is a good poker player. He has certainly made some pretty shrewd calls on the next card in the publishing pack in recent years. He proved himself in commercial publishing and drew that success across to his own self-publishing platforms. On how publishing is headed – I’m inclined to sit next to Konrath and see how much longer he turns good cards, but my worry has always been that Konrath is happy to share the poker table with players, who in the self-publishing arena, don’t know whether they are playing Texas Hold Em or Snap! Self-publishing is nothing to do with luck or the next turn of the card. Konrath is a smooth player, practiced, and smooth players make hard work look easy, and that’s always my fear about the way other writers see Konrath. Konrath is seasoned, prolific, and understands the business of publishing. These are qualities which set him apart from the common self-published author and not what he is presented as to the publishing world – a maverick or renaissance author. Konrath does all that a modern publisher does, but sometimes does it better.
Stamp: TGF CC Madden
With a delicate beauty, they are flowers brave enough to weather all the cold yet to come - each blossom a prayer, each petal a remembrance.
Who would give everything they had
Developing the ability to stay present in your spinning and take control of the drafting will remove the need to make 5-plies from your standard too-fine single. It's tricky, though, if your spinning has become an automatic ability for you -- because you have to bring spinning back into the part of your mind that pays attention to what's going on, that can let you consciously control the drafting as you watch it. For me, this is Intentional Spinning writ large.
Many would like to catch Josep Anglada in a frightening or bad gesture. It doesn’t work. It’s time for dialogue, and Anglada does it. It is another very different issue if the principles he defends are violated or his people, which are also ours, are offended. Again, Anglada responds as he is, as a Catalan and a Spaniard.
Another project we’re excited to tell you about – and another – will have to wait until after lunch.
The biggest dilemma is that I don't really know what to call these pieces. I have ideas about the titles, but I really want to make sure it fits just right so I'm holding off. In cases like this, I'll often write a prospective title repeatedly on a piece of paper and examine it. If I still feel satisfied after twenty times or so, the title will probably stick.
From the first page, I was hooked. Jade's narrative was captivating from the beginning. She tells things as it is and the situations she gets herself into, like getting her first period in a dressing room, will make readers laugh and sympathize with her. One thing I loved about Jade is that she wasn't depicted as being the perfect skinny girl - she has some issues with her weight and while it's not made into a huge part of the novel, I know it will allow some younger readers to see more of themselves in her.
Publication date: May 1, 2012
The words that would be describe my style are ……………………………………….
How did you decide which literary couples to write about?
For the past 6 months or so, I've just organized my photos into pages and left it at that. I've been participating in so many challenges and sketch sites, that I haven't needed to prepare kits. I guess I am finding more confidence in what I can do start to finish. I still use my idea book, ans sketches . Sometimes I use them as they are, sometimes I use them as a starting point. But I'm able to look at my photos and know what I want to do. I guess I've grown more than I thought.
Concert Date :
Hey, peeps! The post I originally wanted to publish on Friday will go up today...
With the help of fiddler Amy Farris, Broussard delivers a bluegrass sound on “Over My Head in Blue.” It’s a shift from the song that precedes it, “Love Me Truly,” a honky-tonk tune with echoes of British Invasion-era rock. But it works.
What do to?
Reasons Why You Should Maintain Your Asphalt Pavement
The missing links from the iWork apps on the Mac, to iCloud are a glaring omission given the foretold demise of iDisk in the middle of this year. Some Apple and third party iOS apps already have access to iCloud so it’s all the more unfathomable as to why the iWork Mac apps didn’t ship with these features and why iWork.com hasn’t been subsumed into the iCloud.
Me.... "It's OK son we aren't here to talk about anything bad only the good."
ex.father to son,mother to daughter
We are still not yet over the Magnum craze and finally, I was able to get a hold of the classic. I like this better than the Almond. Not too sweet for me plus the vanilla is much creamier. Then the following day was my Father-in-law's birthday. He didn't like to have a huge celebration, so my mother-in-law just prepared a few food for us to enjoy. But look who was more excited to blow the candle? :)
Jesuit-trained at Georgetown University. Greenberg was also a crony of
of your radiant light
Muhyiddin quoted Prof Dr Kamar Oniah Kamaruzaman of the International Islamic University Malaysia (IIUM) in her book Religion and Pluralistic Co-Existence — The Muhibah Perspective on the five main principles to ensure harmony among religions and communities is maintained:
and he raced through the hot summer streets, and subways, on a June afternoon......
***Update: 11/6/2011: I made the soup even better with a new, low carb version. Scroll all the way down!***
Dear Sweetheart Girl,
All of them, giving voice.
I was pretty busy after she went to bed.
JT - Why isn’t severe now? That’s my point.
More like light shadows,
No whit less still and lonely fair
I was sleeping in my car.
Ohhhh, how to answer that? I know who my editor’s favorite character is!!But mine….Hmmm. I’m torn between two, one of whom you met in Shattered Dreams, and one of whom you’ll meet in Broken Illusions: Julian Delacroix. Julian is introduced in chapter 1 as guru of all things metaphysical. He runs a New Age shop in the French Quarter, has long dark hair and deep-set eyes,has a mysterious room on the second floor of his shop, is the subject of many rumors, and does something for Trinity that makes her aunt very, very mad.
“Perhaps we have more experience?” They all shrugged and picked up their pace. All five of them. They stepped forward slowly, but purposefully. Five sets of eyes stared at Big Chief Boulder; five pairs of lips pouted in concentration; ten feet shuffled from side to side as John and his friends studied the boulder that once was the favorite meeting spot for Cochise, the famous chief.
Total weight gain: +12.5 total. This is +2.5 from last week. If I don’t slow my roll, I will only be able to roll. A 3+ lb./week weight gain is a bit startling. If I keep this up, I’ll be twice the weight I was with Anna. I do vaguely remember gaining rapidly during the second trimester and then evening out in the end. I hope this is the case this go ‘round ‘cause mama’s joints are shouting at me right now!
With no means to sustain themselves, and egged on by an unyielding, daily course of state-sponsored anti-white propaganda, they invariably turn to crime. Emboldened by how easy it is, they graduate from burglaries and shoplifting, to ever more violent house invasions, hijacking, armed robberies and murder. Those rare few troubled by their consciences, quell it by eagerly swallowing the “we’re just taking back what the White Man stole from us” mantra, and adorn themselves with the remissible mantle of modern day Robin Hoods. Guilt inducing screeds in the mass media endlessly remind us that the Azanian 40% unemployment figure is a direct consequence of Apartheid. Openly racist ANC flunkeys issue veiled threats, imploring whites to “share the wealth”, warning darkly of fearful consequences when the black masses “run out of patience”. Bright-eyed, bushy-tailed sunshine propagandists will have us believe that crime is “to be expected in a transforming society”, urging whites to “hang in” and “sit it out”, while soothingly rattling off the latest regime-sponsored crime fighting plan.
Read the comments section of this post and you'll see the fight is going on in New Zealand, too. And it's also being waged in India where Monsanto tried to make a deal with the government to regulate the sale of herbicide-ready rice. Imagine, a country that has grown rice for a thousand years as food, with people saving their own seed from generation to generation, having to buy only approved and over-priced seed from Monsanto or risk sanctions and fines! Fortunately, for now, farmers have been able to stop this from happening with their rice. Here in the U.S., people are more docile and more ready to eat whatever is put before them and organic farmers continued to be sued for "patent infringement" when pollen blows into their fields from somewhere else.
Yes ETF’s will show they have high percentage growth rates because they are working off a smaller base. The growth rate percentage is misleading when compared to the dollar value.
This is why marathon runners can run marathons, why E.R Doctors and Nurses can work at such high levels of stress over such long periods of time and why Parents can operate 24/7, 365 for 18 plus years; its all a matter of habit.
(at least when someone isn't pulling his sister's hair!)
- Sick and tired of the lot of ‘em, Essex, 17/2/2012 16:29
"While it is hard to judge an animal's happiness, we believe that if an animal is able to act out its natural instincts while it is alive that it is happy. This is why all the animals we sell live outdoors as nature intended and maintains a natural diet. Every product we sell comes with a traceable label that allows our customers to verify our claims for themselves."The downside is that they are frozen, not fresh, but I bought one all the same. It was just over $12 for a very small bird. I was really happy to find, once I had defrosted my chicken, that both the liver and giblets were included, especially as the recipe I had earmarked suggested using the liver too if at all possible.
Next stop at another craft store which usually closes at 5pm but was open till 7pm that day much to our delight. Adi got to do an hour of craft there and we had an once in an lifetime experience on that store. We witnessed an egg hatching a baby chick. Adi was literally shouting in joy and I couldn’t thank my stars enough. I mean after spending more than 25 years at India especially visiting my village for every summer where chicks are quiet common I am here witnessing an egg hatching at US of A for the first time. Can you believe it?
He was on clearance because the tip is broken on one of his antlers.
Yesterday I put the water heater in line with the hot water line. I capped the extra valve fittings put the heater from the cold to the hot.
Walk to my own beat and making my own path.
Remove the cakes from the frying pan and place them on paper towels to drain.
Hello my friends, I hope you are all enjoying the weekend, today I'm back with a Christmas card for the Jingle Belles challenge, they have teamed up with E.A.D. Designs and are asking us to use stickers or rub-ons. I don't have many stickers so thought I may have had to use rub-ons but when I looked I had got a couple of sheets of Christmas stickers.
The frightening thing about Nancy Grace is that, although she may appear extreme, she actually is not. She is merely a slightly more brutish example of how the US media in general approached this case. Many of her colleagues may have appeared more rational and pragmatic, but, with a few honourable exceptions, such as the late Ed Bradley, an African American TV journalist. whose CBS 60 Minutes show first raised doubts about the case in the public mind, their attitudes and belief's were no different. Their assumptions about the players were identical to hers, and so was their desire (instinct?) to destroy them, and the objectives behind their reporting. The only difference was that the street thug beneath Nancy Grace's caked on mascara made her less able to hide that truth.
Sound familiar? Certainly it has happened to me.
When we came in there was music playing with it all, too. I'm not sure if that went with the Wave, or the stage, which was nearby.
I’ve own hardbound copies of The Harvard Classics and after reading Matthew Pearl’s The Dante Club, I discovered The Divine Comedy Of Dante Alighieri in The Harvard Classics is not the translation translated by Henry Wadsworth Longfellow (1882), but the translation translated by Henry Francis Cary (1805-1814).
Our mother, however. It's her turn to be angry. God bless and God speed, I say, because it's natural (plus I've been busy maxing out my Anger Account while everyone else has been supportive and calm, so who in the hell am I to judge); she needs a go around, perhaps, but Sisterkin is set to be released tomorrow and our mother is pissed with her. Or, circumstances or whatever the hell but it's all directed at the depressed suicidal one and MotherDear is saying dire shit that I can't handle repeating at 12:11am and I am terrified- terrified- this particular timing will result in a dead fucking sister.
That budget you have been trying to stay within just popped like an over-inflated balloon and flew out the window. If you were having trouble feeding your family before "this health kick" (as some people might call it) how the hell are you going to make ends meet now?
Make the most kills of both teams in an online match.
but we will see what my decision will be.
“They’re supposed to consult with the tribes about affiliation. The university never did this.”
Morocco is generally recognised as a country representing the acceptable face of ‘moderate’ Islam, but as Turkish Prime Minister Erdogan has stated, there is no moderate Islam, there is just Islam.
Added to this international recognition are the great accolades that have been flowing in at home while I’ve been away. In the New Zealand Herald recently was an article about elective surgery, which clearly acknowledged that CMDHB is taking a national lead in delivering elective services. We’ve had a few fantastic pieces on One News, including a recent piece about hand reconstruction surgery. And we’ve been most fortunate to have Sir Mansel Aylward with us as our first visiting chair at Ko Awatea.
Of these the best-known were the Cinco Pintores, a loosely-affiliated group who established a colony on Camino del Monte Sol, just below the TB hospital. Known as 'the five little nuts in the five adobe huts', Jozef Bakos, Fremont Ellis, Walter Mruk, Willard Nash and Will Shuster made the colony self-sustaining and permanent, with the glorious Museum of Fine Arts giving them a place to show (and sell) work.
Where is our salvation?
Okay, I need to calm down. Years later with a bit of perspective maybe this sandwich was just the perfect “after bar” meal. Add seasoned fries and ask for a tub of ranch dressing and watch Dave ash randomly. Maybe it’s the perfect thing to soak up the “Claude Simpsons” we had down at the Black Dog. Maybe if I had eaten one at noon it wouldn’t have knockeed my socks off. Maybe.
“I drink a glass of wine a day. My profession doesn’t allow heavy drinking.”
I’m smelling a rat
solid fabric for front and back (Half Yard-two pieces: each one 17" x 33")
Is there a book or a series that you have read which has left you completely smitten? A hero/heroine that makes other heroes/heroines pale in comparison to the feelings you have for your “true” love? Are you left feeling dissatisfied because there is just nothing else that can compare?
Me: “…but if they’re made with Rice Krispies, they are not gluten free.”
A Blue (Vegan) Egg Sheet
Its a bright colour, so I can’t see how I can overlook it, but it’s not in the drawer I am totally convinced I put it in, it’s not in any of the other likely culprits either.
He was so worn out afterwards that he was all sleepy when his dad was getting him dressed and he fell straight asleep in the car.
How do I get to this? My direct experience of what people do when they get up in the morning is very limited (whether in England or Poland) and is almost all related to the immediate family. This would tell me that only some of the 'healthy' cereals with bran and fruit (Vitella or whatever) are used, although I would suspect this is a foreign influenced practice. This is primarily a snack and milk is not normally used. (I have much wider experience when offered coffee, for example, of people not having any milk at home. Drinking milk (or other beverages such as water, but not vodka) from the fridge is, I am told, unhealthy, so it is usually warmed up first.
1 stairs
That's right -- if you interrupt Mr. Mime while he's performing, he will bitch-slap you.
So when Barbara lent me her only photograph of Borrish to paint, I felt honored to have been entrusted with the photo, and wanted to do something more than the sketch she probably envisioned. I also saw it as an opportunity to attempt to stretch my skills. I determined that I would do a Portrait of a Basset Hound as though he were that honored and respected gentleman. I decided that I would do a watercolor on 14" x 17" paper, which was a larger size than I have ever used. (This may sound funny to watercolorists who have done many paintings on half-sheets and whole-sheets, but I have generally painted very small. I wasn't even sure that I could do a wash on such a large size!)
Looks like Mary Ann lives in the Grand Island, Nebraska, area. Maybe somewhere like Broken Bow. Yea, that sounds good.
But after-screening anecdotes and opinions were as interesting as what was in the documentary.
So my question to those that impose the fine ...
Nucleic Acids – In the nucleus of all living cells. Used in cosmetics, shampoos, conditioners, etc. Also in vitamins, supplements. Alternatives: plant sources.
3) Obama Promised to End Bush Tax Cuts and then extended them for two years after Racists balked at offering more Stimulus because of the success the first Stimulus had in growing the GDP twenty-five percent and creating eight million jobs. Using the Bush Tax Cuts in order to get an additional eight hundred billion for the middle class was prudent and the Bush Tax Cuts will expire in 2013.
On the regulatory front the picture is even gloomier. Much of America’s vast untapped energy potential lies dormant because Mr. Obama’s regulatory watchdogs have spent the past three years throwing sand in the gears of the permitting process for exploration and exploitation on federal lands. Separately, TransCanada has been trying since September 2008 to get a permit to build the Keystone XL pipeline from Alberta to the Gulf Coast. The Environmental Protection Agency has so far blocked it.
Julien slipped out of the shadows and up to the bridge, his heart beating help me Jesus help me, his mind searching for words. Come home. And if he said no? Drag him? Help me Jesus. He was across the bridge, ten paces behind Benjamin; he broke into a silent run on the grassy verge of the road. He caught up to him. Laid a hand on his arm.
Last week, while driving home from the studio, Carey was hailed to the curb by a suspicious policeman.
The control groups of the media giants are also brought into close relationships with the mainstream of the corporate community through boards of directors and social links. In the cases of NBC and the Group W television and cable systems, their respective parents, GE and Westinghouse, are themselves mainstream corporate giants, with boards of directors that are dominated by corporate and banking executives. Many of the other large media firms have boards made up predominantly of insiders, a general characteristic of relatively small and owner-dominated companies. The larger the firm and the more widely distributed the stock, the larger the number and proportion of outside directors. The composition of the outside directors of the media giants is very similar to that of large non-media corporations. … active corporate executives and bankers together account for a little over half the total of the outside directors of ten media giants; and the lawyers and corporate-banker retirees (who account for nine of the thirteen under “Retired”) push the corporate total to about two-thirds of the outside-director aggregate. These 95 outside directors had directorships in an additional 36 banks and 255 other companies (aside from the media company and their own firm of primary affiliation).
In a 2003 academic article (published in Race and Class), Isaac Saney wrote about successful black efforts against Lee's novel in Nova Scotia, efforts undertaken because it's a racist novel. In 1996, "intense community pressure" by the African Nova Scotian population managed to remove the novel from the Department of Education's list of recommended, authorized books; in 2002, a committee consisting of parents and educators, seconded by members of the Black Educators' Association (BEA), recommended that the book "be removed from school use altogether."
The Mechanoids appeared in the comic TV 21 which featured a strip based on the Daleks, but in which the Doctor did not appear. The Mechanoids are the sworn enemies of the Daleks and a third race, blue-skinned humanoids, have to try and subtly interfere in order to keep the peace and prevent a war.
“I’m not tall enough, I’m not the best dressed, I don’t wear the biggest turban to stand out in a crowd of millions,” he said. “To be different and get recognized, I have little choice but to keep trying to break records, or else I’ll be forgotten.”
In the Hindu tradition, there are other important organs pertaining of all the human bodies; the chakras. The chakras are the keys for the human personality, and they act just as a gland, with precise function to process, and metabolize energy and keep it distributed through the entire system. Each one of these centers detains a colorful vibration, one of the four elements, an astrological sign and the influence of one planet.
1940s: George Orwell’s Nineteen Eighty-Four: Sandwiched right in the middle of the “no-surprises” chunk of the class, obvious choice is obvious even if I think Huxley and Zamyatin’s books are superior. This book is the most influential in terms of people thinking they know what it was about and citing it for all sorts of political purposes (often contrary to Orwell’s own politics).
Although uranium mining has been banned on the Navajo reservation, it is still a big part of Dine' life, with piles of mining waste still close to communities and a huge clean-up process going on north of Churchrock. She tells the story of Phil Harrison of the Blue Gap Chapter, and his attempt to lead the fight to get compensation for Navajo radiation victims.
Religion and Science:
She says, "That he did, Father."
A few years ago I was at Jack Daniel's and there was a rumor going around that Jack Daniel's doesn't double. I asked the then Master Distiller Jimmy Bedford that question while we were on the tour. He said yes so I asked to see it. I should say 'them.' Jack Daniel's has five column stills, and five doublers.
Australian cricket legend
Watson...I was just trying to take a nap and the Hamish smooshes in the back.
Don't believe them! Calling it a 'Lounge Suit' is the same thing by any name.
Inspired by a science programme on BBC2 last night about who we are and a section on neurons, I decided that I should do a painting of my own brain. Inevitably, this did not take long.
“You mean, who is God?” Ella replies. “Not what, but who.”
We are lazy peasants.
Vol. 1, No. 19, 14 January, 1859, p. 222.
Great stories these are. Not so great decisions.
I have to admit, I'm proud being French, yes I am.
Bath night for Smiley
"If we continually try to force a child to do what he is afraid to do, he will become more timid and will use his brains and energy, not to explore the unknown, but to find ways to avoid the pressures we put on him."
Drop all the unpeeled cloves into boiling water for no more than a minute, to loosen the skins. Drain and cool enough to handle, then peel. Heat 1 cup of apple cider vinegar in a pan with a good pinch of saffron and a tablespoon of sugar. Boil for a couple of minutes. Put the garlic cloves into jars with some fennel seeds, peppercorns and a bay leaf. Pour over the hot vinegar to cover the garlic and seal. That's it..... Bon appetit!
Have we been lied to about the nature of Ms Newton’s presence on her 11 international trips with the PM?
“is a special day of celebration by the people of the United States … in appreciation of their liberties and the reaffirmation of their loyalty to the United States and of their rededication to the ideals of equality and justice under law in their relations with each other and with other countries; … for the cultivation of the respect for law that is so vital to the democratic way of life … inviting the people of the United States to observe Law Day, U.S.A., with appropriate ceremonies and in other appropriate ways, through public entities and private organizations and in schools and other suitable places.”
have laypersons trying to run what God planted, you will never get what
Don’t forget the Teh-C Special to wash down the grub!
Sometimes I wonder where tomorrows energy will come from.
Happy Monday....are you tired of me yet??? Hope not! I have a little something to share again....I have found new TRC favorites ...yeah yeah I know I say that everytime. This time I have fallen head over heals in love with the old key stamp, Queens post, and the Vaticane post stamps. They speak to my vintage lovin heart. I also used the card labels stamp set and love it....can't wait to play more with this set...so many possibilities with it. These cards are very simple to make....I used up some paper scraps using my scrap happy glue and than stitched around each card...purposely doing it uneven for a shabby look. I adhered some tea stained envelopes I had in my stash...I love to use these from time to time....fun to stamp and add details too. If you look closely at the horizontal card you will get a sneak peek at one of The Rubber Cafe's new stamp sets....teeee heeee! See those sweet little posies at the bottom??? Yep...and the distressed corner of the envelope....another one. Some new lovelies for sure!
So if the filmmakers had deviated too much from capturing the spirit of that harsh, noble, beautiful, terrible story, I would have loathed the film. It would have been very easy for them to alienate me. They already nearly did, once: I was one of those people who'd gotten the impression from the books that Katniss was mixed race, and I got a bit vocal about my disappointment when Jennifer Lawrence was cast.
You can do all things. (Philippians 4:13)
Online bookstore and database availability
Bench: from childhood bedroom
I'm finishing up another promotional video project. This time I'm doing voiceover as well as backtrack. Good practice for when I put my own videos together, something I've been mulling over for quite some time.
Besides these TV ads in place of regular commercials, other noticeable differences in Tokyo since the disaster of March 11th are shops opening later and closing earlier everyday…and using only the bare minimum of lighting necessary. All shops and places of business are doing it.
Sea Salt (SW), Blue Hubbard (SW) and Silver Sage (RH).
Christian Endeavor was involved in temperance, political, and war issues; but it never forgot the Creator, the Lord Jesus Christ, the Bible, prayer, love and service. Dr. Clark wrote:
"And if we are getting new cabinets we should get a different countertop. And now of those fancy sinks that don't have a lip. And get rid of the stupid peninsula thing that doesn't do anything. And maybe get different flooring."
Target the problem. After all, how can you fight a problem when you haven’t identified exactly what it is first?
but now I have no chair in my nook.
So then...uh, no I've completely lost interest in continuing. Suffice to say the writing is still treacly, the humor tepid, the direction and acting pedestrian. If the next ep is equally as poor, I won't bother to write it up. Fingers crossed!
Hardly, they are not naive.
And thinking about the space, I suspect, as she walked down the huge hall,
Maintaining website security often turns into a full time job. But if you want to keep your site up and running, it is time well spent!
I wish I could be a little more bold and bust out
You Got It
And I’m looking for someone
Voilà, here it is! I put a coffee mug and my specs next to it to give you an idea of its size.
*As an aside: I thought Kemp should have won the MVP, but I didn't have a vote.
The base color in both of these looks to be the same. The shimmer is a bit different, with the Chanel seeming to have more silver, which makes it look lighter. Below it's Chanel on top, OPI below. Don't tell Chanel, but I think the OPI is prettier, since more of the colors pop through from the shimmer.
Several hours later, the water has risen to such an extent that he’s been forced to sit on the roof of his house for safety. However, this time, a boat from the National Guard comes by and offers to rescue him.
First of all we have two new classifications - Creatures and Behemoths - more or less equivalent to Machines and Capital Units, with terms changing from mechanical- to organic-sounding, and two new tables later in the document to better reflect the nature. There's the usual full definition for each, but fortunately little extra to learn.
We hear that the Tory councillors are sick to the back teeth of the fall out from Coleman's idiotic parking scheme, and are counting the days to the GLA election. If he loses, the trembling Tories in Barnet are plotting to turn on him at last. Will they really dare? Nothing much to lose then, is there? What a bunch of cowards they are.
In the meantime, Mike's favorite on the boy side was Wyatt. So over the pregnancy, our list really boiled down to Emmett and Wyatt on the boy side of things. We had a name picked out for a girl, but I'll keep that a secret in case we want to use that in the future :)
Well, almost all the people who buy lotto tickets are in need of money. Socioeconomically speaking, the most economically disadvantaged tend to be the biggest buyers of lottery tickets — this is part of the reason that a lot of people have moral problems with state lottos as they are essentially a tax on the poor. So, everyone who ever buys a ticket is going to be horrified that someone else got the jackpot when they didn’t. People are incredibly self-centered, and so they remember the odd things that happened in which they were the star — which is why this stands out in your memory. In reality, if you ever play the lotto, the odds are pretty good that you won’t win, however someone has to actually win it. So while your odds aren’t that good, your odds of encountering a winner, especially if you play often and spend time with others who do as well, are pretty high.
Now we will be doing a 1 mile run, 40k bike, and the 10k run. Not ideal, that's for sure but I will make the most of it and try to have a fun time doing it.
There are some things one shouldn't do, while running for office:
Judge Tulisa was seen to be crying as she sang on stage whilst mentor Kelly Rowland had looked saddened to lose another act.
Melanie, please check your email for a winners notification from us and to claim your prize.
1. “Corpus Christi Carol”
I don’t know what true love is. I honestly don’t. I doubt that it exists at all. But I do believe in love. Not eternal-I-have-found-my-Prince-Charming kind of love, but little magic moments. Those moments make your life worth living. Those are the moments when you feel you’re alive and you want to stay this way for a long time. Key word: moments. Most of the time you’ll just get shit. The ordinary madness. But you have to be open and mustn’t suffer for long because of that shit you get every day. Your magic moments await. I hope that mine too.
08-Phantoms-Don't Be Cruel.mp3
Since there are many hosts in our environments, we cannot fire of a job that connects to each node sequentially, we will use some amount of parallelism (GPars of course !)
This past weekend was my nephew's 2nd birthday and in my skewed wine view of the world, I decided that I should bring a sweet dessert wine to pair with the birthday cake.
For muffins, add alternating scoops of chocolate and banana batter to lined muffin tins and swirl with a knife or toothpick. (For mini muffins, I put a small spoon of each batter into the tin and swirled it around with a toothpick). For mini muffins, bake 10-15 mins, until a toothpick comes out clean. For regular muffins, bake 20-25 mins.
Open the trailer, set up a work stand, a table for the tool box, grab a cup of coffee, and get to work. Ten bikes needed cleaning, gearing changed for the hills the riders will deal with, different wheels, and a general inspection.
Mother…wherever you are today, however many children you have, whether they are with you or in Heaven with Jesus, or somewhere entirely different…I applaud you. I am taking notice of all the unseen efforts that go into that beautiful child who is clearly in love with you.
So the hops still exist, all I need to do now is find some...
He continued gazing at me, intently.
We fly out of LAX on September 21. That's one of the reasons I haven't been around the blogosphere much. Immigration details, passports, plane tickets, customs forms... and a lot of dicking around on Facebook to kill the pain.
Carteach's thoughts? It works. If a frangible bullet is what you need for training and range use, the Remington Disintegration offering from BulkAmmo.com will serve.
Even though House Speaker John A. Boehner and Majority Leader Eric Cantor haven’t been keen on the idea in the past, Virginia Republican Scott Rigell and a bipartisan group of lawmakers urged them Wednesday to advance legislation suspending members’ pay if Congress doesn’t pass a budget on time.
anticipate for the bread to come. Would you be fine having crusty bread for dinner with
here is a list of possible peoples to help you;
Although I did undertake a typical ‘cabane à sucre’ menu years ago, I've never attempted to replicate such a feast again knowing what a daunting task lay ahead. However, at this time of year I always have the urge to make fèves au lard. My recipe follows:
Saudi authorities, for the first time in history, gave permission for a so-called children's beauty pageant for girls in Mecca, the Alquds website reports.
Preferred Qualifications:
Eureka Springs has always been a special place. The first visitors came back in the late 19th century when dozens of mineral springs were found flowing from the sides of the mountains there. The town was founded in 1877 and in less than one year more than 3,000 people came to live in Eureka.
PEARL GIRLS (Moody 2009)
17.EDDIE & THE HOT RODS - Do Anything You Wanna Do
We are studying the American Revolution in my classroom. I wanted to show my students how the colonist felt over paying taxes to a distant king, so I staged a reenactment. First, I gave all the students some M&Ms in a cup. Then I appointed a student to be king and two to be tax collectors. I told all the students wearing red to raise their hand and asked the "king" if he wanted to collect taxes, M&Ms, from the students wearing red or not wearing red. The fun really began when the "king" made up more new taxes. He imposed a Girl Tax, Glasses Tax, Sibling Tax, and so on until their cups were almost empty. I will admit it got rather noisy with all the protests from the tax payers. The students were outraged! This set the stage for a lesson on the real taxes imposed on the colonist.
One thing I didn't do at the wedding was take his picture (although I have one of the ex, hiding behind a fan). And I waited some time before telling him about the camisole catastrophe. 'Didn't you notice that I had a really low cleavage?' I asked. 'I liked it,' he replied.
According to a recent study, allergy sufferers (like myself from time to time) “could be the canaries in the coal mine of modern society.” The evolutionary increase in the number of allergy sufferers which is apparently going off the charts compared two several decades ago, suggests that science needs to understand the evolutionary reasons.
There is something for everyone in Name Your Link">Raiders from an underlying love story to the carefully used elements of history and even ancient history. It is a movie and story most everyone loves and no doubt it’s one you have to finish watching every time you come across it on TV. It never seems to be over played and everyone has a favorite part of the movie, whether it’s the giant stone ball chasing Indy to start the film to shooting the town sword master in the street. every young boy gravitates to Name Your Link">Indiana Jones and wants a fedora hat and whip yet there is enough of a great story that a lot of women don’t get bored by the film. It’s a perfect homage to adventure films of the 30’s, 40’s and 50’s yet it still rises above them all. It’s an adventure we all want to be on and let ourselves get lost in without it getting old.
In a street called Old London Road we come across this famous installation consisting of a dozen telephone kiosks tipped over like a row of tumbling dominoes. It is very striking and is the work of artist David Mach. To tell from his Web site, this is probably the least weird of all his works and has a touch of humour to it. It was unveiled in 1989 and renovated in 2001.
It's been far too long since I posted something. Months! What kind of Catholic writer/blogger am I? Pictures, videos and linked articles are simply not the kind of work that I should be doing. Honestly.
Today I am going to be blogging about the prospect of heaven, and how, if it is how the bible sets it out to be, it probably wouldn’t be such a nice place to live in.
E: sending cards
‘Armed and dangerous’ escaped prisoners remain at large
On the Net:
2. Eat with a small fork/ spoon:
Well, I think this book is probably long enough and I better close out. Speaking of books, I have a lot of author friends and I just re-connected with another. Ron's bestest friend in the whole world passed away in 1999 and after that time we lost touch with his ex-wife (we'd been friends for years but after their divorce she moved to St. Louis). I had heard she was back in Wichita so I did a search on FB for her and sure enough, there she was. I started clicking some links and discovered she's just published a book - Valley of Sorrows (her name is Nathalie Goldston if you want to search for it) - and the download is free this week. I downloaded it and plan on reading it this week. I can't wait to read it as the reviews are very positive. I am also planning on ordering another book from another blogging friend, Green Girl in Wisconsin. Unfortunately, I can't get hers electronically yet but a hard copy (autographed I hope!) will be great.
“Please, Bert. This is hard enough already.”
The next question to explore is this – “Who has made a difference for you?”
I was invited to a friend's BBQ party, but forgot to think of what to take with.
& the hospital wasn't so bad, actually, in the recovery time.
Cook in the oven at 400F for 1 hour (for fish no more than 20 mins). The broil on high for 4-5 min for some browning.
Why is Haiti one of the poorest nation’s on earth? Why did the TV reporters keep referring to Haiti as “doomed” and “blighted”?
Remaining the same Write new expression for (iii) and (IV) PM.
This is why the US fears a eurocollapse so much: while the anarchy at present gives the aspiring two-termer Obama yet another excuse for having been useless, out here in the real world the American Establishment knows only too well that a run on its banks would turn the obscene sovereign debt problem into a disaster.
Due to popular demand from local ladies
sucked in tight and lazy
2008 The Associated Press
On July 20, 2005 regarding "The One-Hand Rule:"
Everything else equal, we should continue to see more instances of genocides and mass killings in Africa as compared to other regions.
And they say, ‘The All-merciful has taken unto Himself a son. You have indeed advanced something hideous! The heavens are wellnigh rent of it and the earth split asunder, and the mountains wellnigh fall down crashing for that they have attributed to the All-merciful a son; and it behoves not the All-merciful to take a son. None is there in the heavens and earth but he comes to the All-merciful as a servant; He has indeed counted them, and He has numbered them exactly. Every one of them shall come to Him upon the Day of Resurrection, all alone. S. 19:88-95
He also suggests that because linguistically we need a ‘subject’ (that is every sentence needs a grammatical subject – maybe one of the English language students could explain it until I get back; it’s very basic syntax) we invent nouns (things) from verbs (acts). We name the phenomenon ‘lightning’ (noun) because it lightens (verb). Scientists refer to force as a thing, but really it is an act, so Nietzsche argues that to say “Force moves, force causes” is repetitive nonsense.
WE love you, and Happy Birthday, precious!
Students all over the world have to study history. It is related to freedom struggles, revolutions, discoveries, myths right up to wars such as the WW1 and WW2. As often said, without the past there would have been no present.
Sylvie Forbin, Vice President, Public & European Affairs, Vivendi (France)
Now for the closing.
“It has the taste of the forbidden, the illicit — the subversive, even. Eating with your hands, it’s pure regression. Naturally, everyone wants it.”
First of all, I am no authority on how to cope with depression, panic disorder, or anxiety. The reason for my blog is to glorify God by telling how Jesus helped me through the worst and darkest period of my life, how He is still helping me today, and to invite you to cry out to Jesus for help and to draw closer to Him through His Word and through prayer. I want you to know that you can experience His intervention in your life as well. You can know Him as Savior in the very core of your being which will shine light into your soul and bring freedom to your spirit.
