Does anyone care about deaths in SA police custody?
and hubs said we can go play at the mall today!
The celebrities seem to be playing the game for two reasons: money for their favorite charity and to garner The Donald’s approval. While I appreciate the tears and sincerity the celebrities show when they award their charity with a check of several thousand dollars, I can’t help but feel there might be an easier way for them to raise the money. And, it would seem, some of them could draw the check on their own back account without suffering a serious financial setback. What that tells me is they are really playing for Donald Trump’s love. And, perhaps, in a larger sense, the love of the audience. Could it possibly be that these people are so needy for recognition, acceptance and love that they would crawl through the muck and the mire that this show puts them through just to be able to quote Sally Fields and say, “You like me. You really like me.”
Soub and I always made it a priority to take her 'out for a day' during my visits. A favorite was dining at the Black Sheep Brewery in Masham, North Yorkshire - a place in which the family owns 'shares'. I remember one particular occasion there, it had to be during a Christmas / New Year's visit because I recall wearing about 4 layers of clothing as I am dreadfully unaccustomed to the damp cold of England! Soub, being the naughty man that he is, was teasing me across the dining table unnoticed by mum. Provoked, I responded by ummmm .... seductively licking my spoon. When I glanced over at his mum, she was smiling and had an eyebrow raised. I STILL blush at the memory. I was caught red-handed, and Soub has teased me about it ever since! That moment certainly taught me how to behave in front of a beloved's parent! I became a model of southern charm and propriety after that event !!
So I found a recipe online, and we made up our super duper sugar syrup. We put 2 cups of water on to boil, and gradually mixed in 4 cups of sugar. Yes, you read that right. Twice as much sugar as water. Oh, and some blue food coloring.
Special Warnings: Violence, a little gore, ‘end of the world’ themes that might upset some
But I can't spread myself thin talking in generalizations anymore, and trying to please anyone and everyone who stops by. It's time to narrow my focus onto what makes me, me.
The shroud, by the kirk-chime!
Patience is the most important and most difficult virtue when considering our shopping. Consumerism is based on impulse buys and tickling our acquisition bone. The longer you can avoid the instant gratification temptation to buy stuff the moment you think of it, the more things will simply filter out over time. Then you’re left with things that were worth the wait to buy. You’ll probably find a good deal, find a cheaper alternative or at least thought more carefully through your purchase.
There’s a little light
Would you know how it hurts
‘Right, so in this part of the show we’re moving into main courses and this one is a doozy. I don’t have a name for this meal and it’s a sort of family tradition that’s been passed down from father to son. So first you’re gonna need to make a green salad. So the usual. A couple of ripe toms, some lettuce, bit of carrot, cucumber, celery and then whip up a dressing with mustard, balsamic, salt, pepper and a splash of lemon juice. Now once you’re got your dressing ready you’re gonna wanna leave that to one side and only put it on the salad a few seconds before serving.’ He held up a small bowl that he had mixed the dressing in then placed it to one side with a salad bowl.
از فساد او فساد آسیا
On Oct. 13, I was rushed to surgery when the baby’s heart rate dropped. After an emergency C-section at the Walt Disney Pavilion at Florida Hospital for Children, Kaleb was welcomed into this world. He was just 1 lb., 10 oz. and 12 inches long.
** Also, the slogan "I Like Big Bundts" cannot be improved upon. Go ahead and try, I dare you.
Beef is beef? You decide.
Oops, this picture ended up side-ways, sorry......
Right, I'm off to have a light supper whilst watching telly, before popping to bed with my Kindle. I feel very rebellious being up past 10.30 on a 'school night'!!!!
Another scientific study that year reported new benefits for applying soy proteins, an ancient Chinese practice, to the skin. Scientists worked on a new preparation that showed benefits in reducing age spots and ultraviolet ray damage, and smoothing and moisturizing the skin, among other benefits.
He left to join another band with Greenway, who eventually joined April Wine as a permanent member after that other group failed to get a recording contract.
Even better than the setting is this wonderful couple - Stephanie and Clay. They had each just about given up on finding "the one" when they met each other & it was practically love at first sight. They get along perfectly -- he's constantly making her laugh and they both just light up when they see each other. For their wedding, they really just wanted to have a good time with their close family and friends, and to have a timeless, classic affair. The bride carried black calla lilies, with one of her grandmother's earrings tucked in for her something blue. The couple said their vows and in classic character, made each other laugh and cry during the ceremony.
This fascinating book begins with the life of a very unusual young woman, Clara, who is psychic and telekinetic in an otherwise non-fantasy setting. It follows a family in Chile through its dramatic ups and downs that are tied to the country’s own political changes. Imagine that James Michener’s novels and the turn-of-the-century Spiritualists had a love child, and you’d get this novel. It was Allende’s first published novel (1982), and led to her incredible success in both the Spanish and English-speaking literary markets.
(This photo is copyright by Jill Krementz and may not be reproduced)
Anyway, I worked on it alot today and think I may have fixed it. If you get email subscriptions, they should resume delivery as of tonight. Please let me know if they do or dont!
But not before you kiss me.
Alexandre Dumas Had success and aristocratic background but his being of mixed race affected him all his life. He wrote a short novel in 1843 called Georges, it addressed some of the issues of race and the effects of colonialism. Once he remarked to a man who insulted him about his mixed race background :”My father was a mulatto, my grandfather was a Negro, and my great-grandfather a monkey. You see, Sir, my family starts where yours ends.”
Actually the deadline is pretty clear. To get your name on the ballot in Florida,you need to pay filing fees by October 31st. And to participate in the South Carolina primary, the last date in November 1st.
A 25-year-old man was shot in the groin about 9:50 p.m. in the 6600 block of South Paulina Street in the West Englewood neighborhood, News Affairs Officer Amina Greer said. He's in good condition at Holy Cross Hospital, she said. He was driven to the hospital by a friend, police said.
1 1/2 cup chicken or turkey stock
We ended up having to temporarily stop the renovations, when our daughter's husband was sent to Afghanistan months earlier than planned. Our daughter was in her last trimester of pregnancy, and her husband did not want her to be alone, so she moved into the beach house (with large dog, cat, and bunny in tow), and we brought the renovations to a stopping point just in time for the arrival of a sweet grandbaby.
“Give me her full name. I will find out.”
Over the past week, it's been revealed that one of my fellow bloggers is not who she says she is. Now, before you say "stop the presses!" hear me out. It turns out this individual, who had quite a large following in a specialized interest community that had expanded to several major stores and companies, had in fact defrauded hundreds of readers. As in, she took money from them for a service that was performed incompetently or not at all.
And that does it for this weekend! I'm quite excited about next weekends project... it's sitting in the garage right now:
Potato and salmon salad with asparagus and creamy herb dressing.
As we wait this time, we are not pulling out car seats and baby swings. We've never adopted an older child, and it's a new world. In our preparation, we are sending documents, searching flights, making hotel arrangements, dealing with visas and passports, and gathering every sweet morsel of information we have about her and trying to guess her age. But my questions definitely outnumber my answers. We have just five short weeks to prepare her room (she is sharing with Emma), Rusty will build her a bed, buy her some clothes (hoping we get something that actually fits her), and most of all, SIGN, SIGN, SIGN. Our world is about to change. In the waiting, there is joy, anxiety, questions, anticipation, preparation, and a lot of prayer.
The report states: ‘Given that married relationships tend to have greater longevity and stability than other forms, this Government believes marriage often provides an excellent environment in which to bring up children. ‘So the Government is clear that marriage should be supported and encouraged.’
So let me say this again, then – and, my god, let me be heard: this is SO. FUCKING. HARD. I hate to do the me-versus-you thing but, unless you’re in these here shoes of ours, you simply cannot even begin to comprehend – and I hope to all forces that are good in the universe that you never have to begin to comprehend – just how screamingly sodding impossible this is to handle.
Julia Cameron’s original idea was/is for something called morning pages. I have found that as long as you get them done they help you become more creative and productive. But there is definitely value in getting them done in the morning.
The World God Only Knows 186 (34:26 — 37:52)
always concerned with what we've done, said or must do.
We called her at 9 and she said she would leave in an hour.
"Friday" has a whole new meaning for me. Rather than a work-week respite and park lounge-fest, the weekend has become my prime time for getting writing done. Knowing that I've got another three day poetry bender about to unfold, I've been gathering my wits about me and stocking up on enough inspiration to carry me through until Monday.So today, I thought I would share two of my current favorite artists with you. I hope this puts a creative skip in your step for the next few days!
It was then that the grey and sepia tinted photographs of fresh, handsome and achingly young faces were taken from boxes, passed down through families and stored away in attics, and the stories of those brave young heroes sacrificed so young and in such great numbers, so very long ago, began to be told.
-In case you missed the most recent installment of The Script Adventurer!, my guest this week was Gordon McAlpin, the mind behind the webcomic Multiplex. Apart from some technical difficulties, it was great talking to him. The fine folks at Radioslot have added an additional replay, so now you can catch the show live at 1PM on Monday, or hear it again 7AM on Wednesday or 7PM on Sunday (all times Pacific Standard Time).
Thanks, Becky! Such a cute flower! I'm feeling very spring-ish after all of these flower tutorials! And another great way to use a basic circle punch!
Perhaps because it is wrong it appeals - it could hardly appeal for being vanilla-nice. No, the makers of this film have trod on the dreams of childhood innocence and woven a crazy tapestry from the remaining shreds. How can a young actor be made to speak such lines, and kill so many? We live in a bizarre world, now - one where pornography, violence, and outrage are broadly encouraged and applauded, but where expressions of faith or conviction are often derided. As Lady Gaga recently suggested, we are living through the Apocalypse. Perhaps not. But this ain't Kansas, either.
What's wrong with me anyway. Diane at Spunk on a Stick is doing this Sad Songs Blogfest and here I'm doing it on a fourth blog. Somebody needs to call Bloggers Anonymous.
Seconds later, the doctor brought her to us. Slimy naked baby picture warning! Chris was immediately in love and had the biggest smile on his face and couldn't stop staring at her. The look of wonder on his face was amazing. He followed her to the warmer where they cleaned her up, and when he tried to come back to me I told him, "No! Go back to her! Don't leave her alone!" Like there weren't 15 nurses around her and something might happen to her if he wasn't there.
Some chocolate bars are labeled fair trade or organic. Many (notably Hershey, M&M/Mars and Nestle products) are not. There was an effort to help consumers know their chocolate was slave labor free through the Harkin-Engel Protocol. This bill was passed in the House, but stopped from passage in the Senate through lobbying efforts and an agreement by the industry to voluntarily adopt some of the provisions. The original deadline was 2005 and when changes had not been made at that point, it was extended to 2008. Obviously, we have no more assurance today than we did before the protocol how the cocoa in most of our chocolate was harvested. While some (mostly smaller) companies make the effort to trace their supply chain and be sure sure their cocoa is slave labor free, others receive their cocoa from multiples sources, so each batch is likely a mix of slave labor cocoa from the Ivory Coast and cocoa from other parts of the world that is produced more fairly. Cadbury (now owned by Kraft) only uses fair trade cocoa from Ghana, but that Cadbury only distributes products in the UK, Ireland, Australia, New Zealand and South Africa. Since 1988, Cadbury products made in the United States have been made by Hershey. Unless the Raise the Bar campaign is successful, it would seem my beloved Cadbury Mini Eggs are off the table and I'll have to stick to imported Cadbury bars.
Adding something whimsical to the vignette also makes it eye-catching, like the pretty little horse tray I bought at a flea market in Paris.
Riley’s legs held the bike up as her heart raced. She struggled to breathe, watched him run over to the garage and grab the backpack. She had difficulty swallowing and struggled to breathe. You don’t have to do this, it’s dangerous. I want to though. I think.
And yet Psalm 89 begins with God’s sovereignty over chaos, His establishment of order, His creation of the firm foundation for us, the plates. We cannot keep the plates from falling; God created them so He does not need to. And yet they (we) appear to become unstable, wobble, fall down, and crash. How can we reconcile this?
WRITE YOUR HEART OUT WASHINGTON ( hosted by Poynter Institute),
Yet Mr. Ramadan finds it necessary to disguise his reasoning when presenting his case to a Western audience. It would not be prudent to tell his esteemed friends among the European and American literati that shari’ah is indeed coming to them, but will just be delayed for a bit longer. Alerting the somnolent infidels to what is happening would not serve the cause of Islam, so kitman — misdirection for the sake of the faith — becomes permissible, or even mandatory.
A few days ago but it was just continued again
Otago 69.1% to 66.7% (128,600 to 121,800)
“I know it rained a little during their rally, I suppose their cloud-seeding efforts worked somewhat,” he continued. “But look at where we are today? The smog got worse instead. I can barely recognise the landscape. Visibility is back to just one kilometre, making it difficult for a lot of people like pilots, tourists and birdwatchers,” he said, pointing to the layer of dust on the other side of the window overseeing the city.
Aftertaste – mark out of 10.
This little guy was so sweet and absolutely perfect. I always say the hardest part of my job is not scooping all these little babies up and smooching all over them. It takes sheer force of will! Instead, I love them with my camera and hope it shows. :)
The shocked crowds tried to escape but there were too many people for all to get out of the way.
Are you having a great spring Saturday today? All us girls at Send A Smile 4 Kids hope you are. We have two different winners for the Things With Wings Challenge. #15 Debbie M wins 4 digis stamps from Stamping Dragon. #2 Linda wins the 3 digi images from Karen's Doodles. Please send an email to khasheck@gmail.com so Karen can put you in contact with the sponsors so you will receive your prize.
The great thing about Vegan Monday is I'm always ready to clean up my act after a weekend of indulging. The bad thing is, it's only Monday—a long time to go until the next 48 hours of freedom and gluttony.
Kansas does have Thomas Robinson, a player who placed himself into player of the year talks after seeing spot minutes off the bench the two previous seasons. He’s a certified lottery pick. They’ve been ranked in the top ten throughout the year, but somehow folks are surprised they are at this final point. Analysts actually had their opening opponent Detroit as a trendy fifteenth seed over number two pick. They are the epitome of former Jayhawk coach Larry Brown’s “play the right way” mantra.
how they holds hands now
These were responses to man-made disasters but what about earthquake-damaged buildings?
I mainly got these because of the air vents in the sides, and they can pass for dress shoes… if the person looking at them is terribly near-sighted. Here’s to hoping the doormen at the clubs are all legally blind! (That’ll help with the “being over 30” issue, too: “Let me in! I’m still young enough to dance without injuring myself… more than twice!”)
Number of items: 2
She answers tentatively, "Ohh, good, thank you, yes."
Qui promet la moisson.
- September 1966 visits India/Kashmir with Ravi
to understand the square root
ROADS? WHERE WE'RE GOING, WE DON'T NEED ANY "ROADS"!
May 24 weekend ... also known as Victoria Day ... when those with cottages typically get their summer abodes open ... and those of us without cottages typically get their gardens planted.
The night Osceola turns 16, they have a birthday party for her. Partway through, she announces she's going on a walk but "the Chief" asks her to stay so they can "have a tribal meeting." Osceola leaves anyway and "the Chief" says:
-finding ways to be pleasant and kind to people she dislikes
We watched sales of single-premium deferred annuities that clients can access for long-term care expenses rise 139 percent over 2009. My company’s Asset-Care product saw a 76 percent increase in sales. These products use the structure of life insurance but, if needed, the death benefit can be accessed to pay for qualifying long-term care expenses.
To my surprise they had two varieties of the Belgian John Martin's on top, a blonde and a brune. The blonde reminded me of something like Delirium Tremens, dangerously easy to slip down. The brune though had an incredibly fruity flavour.
Stewards - bi-lingual; all staff are competent in Welsh and Bollocks
“ . . . contrary to what the left’s relativist ideology says, for us, all civilisations are not of the same value”. “Those which defend liberty, equality and fraternity, seem to us superior to those who accept tyranny, the subservience of women, social and ethnic hatred . . . ” Interior Minister Claude Guéant (5th February 2012)
Richard Christian Matheson – Venturi
2. Jolly Old St. Nicholas
Of course not everyone who Kindled their books was like that. The forums are filled with people who’ve used them to build a genuine relationship, Kevin Kelly style (I’ve said time and again the past two years how weird it is people stopped talking 1000 true fans – the reason’s simple: 1000 true fans isn’t easy. It seemed ersatz. It wasn’t). And people who do other stuff as well. They’ll be the ones who ride out the storm, because the readers will follow them.
I think that’s all for today, on to Monday.
If you're reading this, let me know what you would like done with your journal Michael.
Set with a pair of organza-backed crochet knitted trousers from Missoni. Artfully crafted, multicolored runway piece with exotic flair.
- Full EPP foam liner for maximum energy absorption
During his hearing, the bishop sat stoically in the courtroom, clad in his cleric’s collar with a large gold cross dangling from a gold chain around his neck.
I was browsing Spoonflower for fabric online and found several in the aqua color I was looking for. It's hard when you're looking at fabric online because obviously, if you haven't seen it in person before, you don't know how true the color is, how the repeat will look etc.
It’s a good thing Ry had left his Boston Red Sox baseball cap in his bag.
The way I discovered this song was purely a mistake. When I was on the Virgin Babylon records, getting the free download from World’s End Girlfriend, I accidentally downloaded this song. I thought I understood why World’s End Girlfriend had been labelled as post rock. It was so different to the other stuff I’d heard, but I was still thinking “wow, this is still pretty damn awesome”. Then I realised it was some completely different artist. Silly me.
I like to use a #9 gold eye quilting needle. It's small and sturdy. Anything larger has the chance of pulling the *turn* out when the thread is drawn.
And this is the last weekend (with any luck) that I will spend studying for a medical school final. The last day of lecture is over, the last lab is done. I still have a lot of studying left to do, both for next week and for boards in June (YIKES!), but when I look at all the other numbers, a little bit longer doesn't seem so bad.
I've been thinking about the love triangle (because I'm finally watching Mad Men on netflix, probably). It is an essential human dilemma in this culture at least, which is why it appears in virtually every story, book, movie, song, and poem. The truth that most of us are not monogamous but we live in a society that expects monogamy, that demands stable, long term, exclusive relationships, puts people between a rock and a hard place. The heart opens, but if we follow our hearts, there will be hell to pay. Prior to that hell is a lot of lying and sneaking around.
1 head Romaine, sliced
The image is called Fairy Ring and it is by artist Daphne van der Zandem. After coloring her with my trusty Copics, I fussy-cut her so that it is partially encircling my sentiment.
We could use some new bath towels.
Living there was a man who looked like Emilio Estévez, I think, and I think that the apartment-like house used to be a secret hangout/safe-house for a group that Mr. Estévez used to be in; but I think that the group had stopped meeting up and/or Mr. Estévez had stopped meeting with the group or something like that.
Time you wake up: Before I'm ready normally
Another strength of the Babymouse books is that they are familiar stories; they work because of humor and character. Beach Babe is about a summer vacation, and a lonely, annoying baby brother. No great high drama; except for the drama of every day life that is very familiar to the readers.
chance or by deliberate action. The national response to these tactics
Throw a Chinese New Year party for your child and their friends. Make sure to have him or her help you with preparations. It’s a good way to teach some very important lessons. Plus, your child gets to socialize and have fun with friends. The first lesson is about love and harmony. Explain to your child that in doing something for others (like planning fun activities during a gathering for others to enjoy), you’re showing your affection and love.
Forced into a situation
The book does take a while to pick up though, an that’s a problem for me. Until Michael gets about a quarter of the way through the book, the book really is something I had a hard time getting into. Also, the two story at a time thing is something I was never good at. It’s just something that’s a difficult thing to do for me. I was never a double tasker.
A student of mine told me yesterday that I don’t share much about my personal life. I reacted that I never knew we teachers were supposed to. She replied, “I know, sir. But it’s you.” Alright. So, here I am.
While considering the recording of history and its housing in vessels, there are also containers that do hot hoard. Indeed, not all conveyance chambers are meant to be storehouses. A camera is simply an instrument for the exposure of images; the purpose of the chamber (“camera,” in Latin) is to facilitate the creation of imagery, rather than its archival storage. Further still, consider the radio: receiving and transmitting signals for our minds’ interpretive abilities, it does not compile or stash away voices, events, or documentation. I listen to today’s news on an antique radio. Occasionally I wonder at its past years of songs, baseball games, and variety shows- from long before my birth. The radio cannot remember; its speaker conveys only what is broadcasting now. But the soul recollects and can identify meaning to its received coordinates. We hold great treasure, albeit as earthen vessels. Is there a limit as to how much the human vessel can hold? I like to think the archive of the soul has an unlimited capacity, providing it is well organized and maintained. Even with that in mind, there must always be an ability to receive and convey without stockpiling.
What is done with OPVs that are produced but banned in the West? Dump them on third world countries with the humanitarian cover that they are less expensive and easier to administer to large groups simultaneously.
That's right. Shameless book plug in
Ooh, Illamasqua - the UK's answer to MAC, has garnered a huge following for their image of being as out-there and as daring as MAC - in fact, perhaps more so, due to the visionary leadership of Alex Box. They've definitely had the support of the blogging community in their early days, although there has been a lot of talk about the brand "selling out" to mainstream media now that they've ridden to success on the support of the blogosphere, and aren't engaging the bloggers who supported them anymore.
The god child being then continues to say that Shepard is the first to ever make it this far to the Catalyst. He also provides a solution to the Reaper threat for Shepard in the form of three options. Those options being: control, synthesis, and destroy (also infamously known in the fandom as the A, B, or C endings for the game). The control option is pretty much the option the Illusive Man has actively supported while Shepard tries to reason with him by saying the idea of controlling the Reapers is insane and it won’t work. Synthesis is combining organics and synthetics together to get what the god child believes to be the next stage of evolution, a new race so to speak. It’s also considered to be the option Saren from the first Mass Effect game was going for when he was indoctrinated by the Reapers. Finally, the destroy option is exactly how it sounds and what Shepard and everyone has been set out to do from the start of the game, which is to destroy the Reapers. There is a catch to the destroy option as the god child tells Shepard––you will wipe out the Reapers but in the process you will be killing all synthetic life in the galaxy. So whoever Shepard made friends with (EDI) or spent the entire time uniting a race of living beings and synthetics to coexist peacefully (Quarian and Geth), your Shepard is signing the death warrants of all good and innocent synthetics who have souls with this option. The other kicker is that Shepard will die no matter what choice she makes.
I find that weird, to be honest. Regardless, I’m just going to keep writing about the things I find funny, stupid and aggravating in this wacky world of ours. It’s the only thing I can do. You try and chase those hits, you’ll drive yourself crazy.
“John,” said Jenna. “He’s just trying to make you seem gullible.”
where day and night
Two community development groups presented case studies. The Dharma Project, South Lanarkshire is developing a virtual world. Young people can meet there to chat, play games and vote on issues that matter to them.
The book was not a book but a symptom. My words came out in the wrong dis/order. I couldn’t make it write. ~ source: Merri Lisa Johnson, Girl in Need of a Tourniquet: A memoir of a borderline personality.
did you know that everything has a smell? and that most smells are nausea inducing? me either. until yesterday. woah. I was sitting at my desk yesterday morning when I suddenly realized that I hate my favorite perfume. and that my boss suddenly seemed to be wearing way too much cologne, even though he sits a couple of cubicles away. and don’t even get me started on my coworker who eats the weird food (his eating habits have always grossed me out – but now it’s amplified). someone used a cleaning spray in their cubicle which nearly sent me running for the bathroom. and I got trapped in an elevator that was far too small, and had far too many people in it, one who seemed to be a chain smoker. luckily, I haven’t thrown up yet, but it seems to be right on the horizon.
Interpreters not only must accurately interpret what is said in court without embellishing or omitting things, but also speak clearly, maintain a low profile and be as unobtrusive as possible.
Also, remember that basic accessories (like a helmet, lock, lights for night riding and a maintenance kit) are important.
Egg noodles (optional)
I also wrote a few silly songs in my post-college years inspired by too many trip to McGurks. I wanted to be one of those Irish guitar-wielding geniuses with their clever lyrics and catchy melodies. After a few black and tans, I, too, felt as though I could play as well as the Irish Brigade with my original diddies. In reality, I fell short. Quite short.
I finally raised my hand and shared, “Every year for as long as I can remember, I’ve found joy in the Christmas tradition of baking cookies and making homemade fudge or English toffee from the recipe my mom had always used. But this year is different. I don’t even have a kitchen sink. So I’m learning that I have to find joy in the season in other ways that are within me. This year, I’m learning a valuable lesson about what the true meaning of Christmas really is.”
For a year of so now I have been working on finding the perfect beer paring for this cheese but its strength in flavour and slight dry astringency has made it difficult to pair with many of the local session beers. But out of much trial and error and some success with Belgian Pale ales and strong English pale ales it seems Durham Brewery's Benedictus has proved itself as the ultimate match for this characterful local cheese.
True Believer (2005)
In the spirit of the season, I've made my first holiday-ish project.
Even after the legal action commenced, Norsigian continued to sell the prints for between $1,500 and $7,500 under the Ansel Adams name.
You can hear the angels sing.
i'll take all of this home with me, where no doubt i will reflect some more as all of this will no doubt feel lightyears away....
The other two stadium works can be looked into. You bend over and view small interior screens through a small open doors, the oil from people’s foreheads already collecting above the tiny portals. Your eye shoots across the mini-floor to recordings of crowds, all shot in the Philippines, Pfeiffer native land. The crowds, for lack of a better term, are bored. They seem to be people in their mid to late twenties and they look completely unimpressed. Over and over, they produce a chant. Collectively, the chant is forceful and impressive. Individually, the chant seems to barely make it out of the person’s mouth. Again, the event enacts a ritual that appears to be something when projected or recorded and is revealed as something else, in this case a little moment inside a little stadium projected by people that want to be somewhere else.
IN A FUTURE WORLD, VAMPIRES REIGN. HUMANS ARE BLOOD CATTLE. AND ONE GIRL WILL SEARCH FOR THE KEY TO SAVE HUMANITY.
Can anyone finding my motivation, Please send it home, I need it.
Me: I finally have an original story! NO MORE COPYING OTHER PEOPLE.
So, the rest of the troupe was wondering if I ever take photos of them anymore. In particular Mr. Gus. Wham... that's enough to make me step back and check out my parenting. Yes I still love my biggies, when there is a little--I just get caught up in the little one, since he is in my arms constantly (although he did take his first stroller ride.... that's for another post). Then, suddenly I catch a glimpse of the big kid standing next to the bookshelf, and lo and behold, he can reach the top shelf without even stretching. The former little can get a glass down from the cupboard without a stool or jumping up on the counter (my fave tactic). Hair gets brushed by its owner. A room which was formerly hard to walk through on a good day stays tidy for weeks on end, "so that I can find stuff!" And yet, and yet.... the snuggles happen less often and the story is sometimes cut short or traded for everyone reading out of his or her own book before bed, owies are mended by bandaids and salve--no kisses needed. I am caught in the act of staring at all of my children who are growing and transforming before my very eyes--and sometimes behind my back--and not just the infant! I have to remind myself each day to slow down, make the moments last and feel groovy, because in a few more short years--fewer than I've been a parent already, they will be off on their own adventures. I am their mother and I went on many many adventures before I had them. I am raising them to be adventurous and hope that everything that we do together will prepare them for the time when we are no longer together. I don't know what will prepare me for that same eventuality, but it is out there and I would rather not rush towards it at the speed of light---I'd rather slow down to the speed of love, where there is time for hugs and snuggles, kisses and stories, hand holding and lap sitting, even if I am tired and sore from holding and feeding their little brother--I must make time for these things before they are not needed or wanted.
What is it about ‘cats’ that is so mysterious and compelling? Needless to say, they’ve been the object of contemplation, poetry, literature, philosophy, and even worship for thousands of years. We are all familiar with the stories of Bastet, the Egyptian feline goddess, as well as the stories of cats as witches’ familiars. It might be because of their perceived haughtiness, their apparent self-sufficiency, the manner in which they stare and stand so still at times, and their supposed cruelty that seems to convince us that they are ‘up to something’. Of course, rational thought will demonstrate that cats are not anymore mysterious or strange from any other animal (or rather from any other pet). Indeed, dogs, which are usually regarded as ‘opposite’ of cats, can be just as ‘moody’ and self sufficient as any cat. Moreover, many a time I have seen a pack of stray dogs ‘cruelly’ attack another dog (or cat or bird) with as much viciousness as any cat might. Likewise, on many occasions I have seen cats demonstrate affection to their ‘owners’ (yes, I am aware of the phrase ‘Dogs have owners, Cats have slaves’) as well as hyperactive playful antics.
I started by mailing them a lead letter and following up with a phone call where I was directed to voicemail. I continued to call for weeks until I finally got the decision maker on the phone. When I did get him on the phone he just gave me objections and stall tactics telling me he was busy and asking me to call him back later to discuss their insurance program. It got to the point that in my sales meeting the partners of the agency suggested that I take them off my prospect list but I was determined to keep calling with the hopes that I could land a meeting with the decision maker. I was confident that if I could just get in the door that I had a chance of landing the account.
Anyway, I thought that it might be interesting to occasionally share a few selections from my That Book list, along with a very brief explanation or at least a mea culpa. Mind you, the criterion for these books is that they are still in my reading rotation after at least five years. Some of them I’ve had for over twenty years.
UK Release date: 1st March 2012
She dreams
In case it wasn’t clear to you in my review of Oracle of Ages, I will reiterate again that between the two Oracle games on the Game Boy Color, while I really love both of them, I do SLIGHTLY prefer Oracle of Seasons for a couple of reasons. While I really enjoy the more clever puzzles and the better fleshed-out plotline of Oracle of Ages, Oracle of Seasons is the SLIGHTLY better game to me, mainly because it’s more exciting to play, and is the more original adventure of the two, with its changing seasons hook. OoA may have made much better use of moving between two time periods than Ocarina of Time did on the N64, but the fact remains, Ocarina of Time had you moving between two time periods on the N64! Thus, the central gameplay mechanic of OoA was already done in another Zelda game, even if it was done more primitively. Hell, even though it wasn’t a time travel thing, even A Link to the Past on the SNES had you moving between two slight variations of the same world, which contributed to the idea that OoA feels like the less inspired Zelda quest between these two Oracle games. It’s still an awesome game, I just like OoS a wee bit better. As I mentioned before, I actually played OoS first when I first picked up these games as a kid, but as an adult, I made OoS my sequel title this time, finishing the story of OoA, then transferring my password over to OoS when I started a new game. Again, it’s still largely the same story that I remember from my Game Boy Color days as a child, but it was still cool to see me playing through the game again, this time with my exploits in OoA referenced and brought up by various characters that I bumped into. Anyway, between the two Oracle titles, it seems that OoS used most of the programming recycled from the initial effort to remake the original Zelda game on NES. Almost all of its bosses are re-imaginings of Zelda 1′s boss monsters, and it even marks the comeback of those weird hermits that give you Rupees when you visit them. Unfortunately, this also means that if you bomb or cut into the wrong place, you also run into those certain assholes that take your money claiming that you need to fix their door. Yeah, apparently they were good enough to dredge out of 1987. So, OoS is the only other Zelda game besides the first that sometimes penalizes you for exploring in the wrong place, but I guess that’s what the internet is for. Even if OoS feels like the more ‘retro’ of the two games, it’s the one I enjoy the most because it’s so immediately satisfying to play with its well-designed action and tricky enemies, and I think that the idea of changing the seasons to influence exploration is a really clever way to make the same old adventuring feel fresh again. OoS still tried to squish in an alternate world, Subrosia, which I suspect may have been the planned location for the scrapped Mystic Seed of Courage game that was to be the third in the ‘Triforce Trilogy’ that resulted in the two Oracle games, and it feels like this is the game that Flagship threw all of their most recycled data into, still ironically resulting in the more immediately enjoyable title to me. The whole Subrosia element feels a little unnecessary, and OoS probably could have just gotten by on changing the seasons, since it feels less expansive than OoA’s world in some respects (not to mention the quest is a tad shorter, and it’s noticeable), but the fact remains that this is another really engaging and entertaining Game Boy Color adventure that any and all Zelda fans should check out. Like OoA, there’s no release in sight on the 3DS eShop, so you’ll probably need to dig through eBay and such to get both cartridges, but it’s worth the effort, because these two are of the best Game Boy Color games that ever hit the system, especially since OoS compensates for OoA feeling like the more satisfying adventure by being the more exciting one.
OK thats the nitty gritty over and done with...lol, you'll be wanting to know what our next challenge is right?
Okay not many men are charming and here’s why – THEY DON’T GET WOMEN’S NON VERBAL CUES, BODY LANGUAGE AND FACIAL EXPRESSIONS. As a result they either force too much or pull back too much b/c they don’t know how to read. This can be frustrating for women b/c if a woman in fact wants a guy to move it forward, but he does not really understand her body language is telling him to do so, he’ll clam up and back off. Or if a woman has no interest and is showing this through body language and the guy keeps forcing iignoring the obvious that is also frustrating and can make for an ugly situation depending on the woman and her mood.
Arena 8: I think it is about time for us to see how far Homura can go. With non-impressive from two lesser characters, how will she fare against Haqua, probably the strongest KamiNomi representative here. While Haqua suffered a loss last period, she can possibly turn the tables around by dragging Homura down to the 2-1 record with her. Homura really needs to step up to the plate if she wants to show that she has what it takes to go forward. The match is going to be close; that is without question. However, I think that Haqua has a slight edge of winning this one. If Homura were to win, it may prove to be a major morale boost for PMMM! fans to come.
- Flowers
Saturday, November 17th–Did I get paid today?
Today, I'm talking about Rocking Your Character's World.
anyone? How can anyone
While a lot of attention has been focused on the role of the BP corporation and its executives, the liberal and environmental left in the U.S. has tried to downplay or ignore the close ties between BP, and the oil industry generally, and the Obama administration. Obama was the recipient of huge financial contributions from BP-controlled PACs and PB employees during the 2008 election.[8] BP continues even now to expend millions of dollars to lobby top Democrats in Washington, including Democrats close to Obama himself.
Kombu
Unfortunately, as a child, I was unaware that one was not to converse out loud with the voices in their head. 6 psychologists (some of those people really need help) and various medications later we learned to hide the error of our ways, for the most part.
The cheerleader cheered her last game and hung up her poms. She got a summer job in a new ice cream shop. She is currently interviewing for a couple of scholarships and counting down the days until she graduates.
Velcro - what a rip off!
No, instead I'm practicing that mental and spiritual acrobatic trick called 'letting go, and letting God.' I'm the first to confess that I'm not doing it very well. I mope, I hide, I leave parties and shows and openings early, instead of brightly getting on out there and Meeting New People. I do whatever I feel like doing in the moment, carefully ditching anything that feels like an agenda.
Yay! You are engaged! Now what? With all the social media and inputs we have today, it can be quite daunting for a bride to be to put together a wedding.
Nuclear families living in several comfortable rooms = good.
“It’s not just as simple as deciding whether or not to use a pay wall, you have to move away from the idea of a wall that just goes up in front of everything. Teasing readers with free news or access to the less exclusive sections of the site can entice them into subscribing and all those free-access articles help boost search engine optimisation.”
Then he meets Ruby, a baby elephant taken from her family, and she makes Ivan see their home—and his own art—through new eyes. When Ruby arrives, change comes with her, and it’s up to Ivan to make it a change for the better.
To loot the wealth of others does not require any skill, except being ruthless and arrogant.
Next, I made odd oval shapes in different sizes. I worked some black dye into a separate ball of gumpaste and then used it to make the heads and dots, as in the photo above.
The main reason is was taken away from the passenger was due to the amount of icing (categorized as a gel by the TSA) that falls under the 'liquid' categorization and didn't adhere to 3-1-1 standards. The odd thing is that these cupcakes cleared on one leg of the trip (from my home airport of Boston Logan), but not the other.
-On the next one, I think I might try adding some more fun accesories to it to fancy it up a little more. Perhaps some buttons or aplique or something like that.
The makeup kick continues!
Of all the seasons, in there
Jennifer Lopez – in Zuhair Murad (but worried on how it would look in real life his beading usually doesn’t look nice judging from gowns I saw in Zuhair Murad Boutique from previous collections)
My husband is an animal breeding maniac. I think it is a disease. When we first bought our house he bought a pair of zebra finches. That pair turned into about fifty little mouths to feed. Then he bought canaries, same thing. At one point we had about 150 birds in the basement. He has a big plan to sell them all. Well, pet stores rarely buy from breeders they don't know and the few we sold didn't even come close to covering our costs. Then he bought a pair of English Springer Spaniels. He was going to make so much money selling the puppies. One dog turned out to be a biter and the other had cancer. Bye Bye puppies. Now it is the pigeons, and soon we will be running a guppy mill.
5) From where did the money come (83 million)?
Musi said the department, the Seriti commission for the remuneration of public office-bearers, the SA Local Government Association (Salga) and the national treasury had taken a joint decision on this.
Fascinating to read about Chanel and what Vaughan believes is truth. Read it and form your own conclusions. This one is well worth a look. ~Wisteria Leigh
Ivory bars or body washes or Safeguard bars $1/2
I am not going to recount the tale of my surgery one year ago today. So many of us had similar experiences, it seems a waste of time. I would like to say I’m grateful to my surgeon and the clinic I go to for my fills and support group, but they won’t read this so that’s all I’ll say about them too. What I do want to talk about today is how things have changed for me in the course of a single year.
fabric used this week: -8 yards
About the author: Margaret is a blogger by profession. She loves writing on environment and technology. Beside this she is fond of books. She recently bought cool flash drives. These days she is busy in writing an article on right brain left brain test.
What utter nonsense. What shameless duplicity, Ms. Pelosi!
I love them dearly, those recordings. They make me smile and frequently make me laugh.
Kebayoran Baru, Jakarta
“Did I?” he asked, glancing over the list.
She enjoyed all her gifts and made a lot of funny quips. Her humor hasn't left her, even though she often gets confused. For her birthday, she seemed fairly sharp which was good. By 2 PM, she was exhausted and had to be helped to bed for a nap.
My recent Google+ posts include product announcements from Symantec and First Advantage, a link to an ESIBytes podcast, some observations on the Google changes, and a follow-up to a blog post about the EU’s General Data Protection Regulation. I tweet these as they are published. The purpose of this post is to invite you to dip occasionally into the short posts which will appear on that page.
It’s hard and fun in equal measure to look and be seen – and clear vision is essential for hunter and prey. The only smoke I want near your eye should be cosmetically applied, not a self imposed haze of doubt, anxiety or rigidity.
Dies: Spellbinder Gran Scalloped Circles and Classic Circles, Marianne Design Creatables, Cheery Lynn Designs Doily Canadian Kaleidoscope, Magnolia doohickey Swirls, Tim Holtz Sizzlits Festive Greenery
Justin Smoak TEX A
Here is my Instagram collage of our room..
But prior to the dance getting shut down, I was having a great time! Such a great time that this gorgeous guy walked right up to me and asked me to dance. He was cute, y’all. So cute that I remember what he looked like to this day. Caramel skintone, razor-cut eyebrows (that was IN then), about 6 feet tall, nice build. I was juuuust about to say yes when I looked at his mouth. His teeth were all gold. As in he couldn’t take the golds out of his mouth. As in yuck mouth syndrome.
On the cobblestone street.
What does your faith have to say about the rights of homosexuals? From Ben Pemberton of Hills Road College, Cambridge.
This probably goes without saying, but I'm going to say it anyway: the entrance/ticketing lines need VAST improvement for next year if they plan to sell the same amount of (or more) tickets. Where to begin? The pre-paid line was a complete mess, stretching so far back that people were dodging trains (okay, not really, but it did go over the train tracks) and it had to constantly be broken up to allow for cars to get through. Meanwhile, the much shorter line of people paying at the gate got in before the majority of the pre-paid tickets. And, when the pre-paid line started to move up toward the front and organizers finally wised up and broke it up into multiple lines to get checked in, they were taking people from the back of the line to pull up to the front of the new lines. So essentially, there was zero incentive for purchasing your ticket ahead of time, or for arriving early. I would have gladly paid a few extra bucks at the gate for my ticket if it meant not having to wait until almost 1:30 to get my first sample.
“We are delighted to add Etihad Airways to our portfolio of ACMI customers,” said William J. Flynn, President and Chief Executive Officer, Atlas Air Worldwide. “Atlas Air has the largest and most modern fleet in our industry, with a mix of cargo and passenger aircraft, serving customers who are leaders in their markets.
If a small cap fund has $400 hundred million in assets and grows to $500 hundred million the return is 25%. However the dollar amount is only $100 hundred million.
I'll tell you one thing...my rut started with my running out of foundation. And then I never refilled it because I wanted to try some others. I found one, but I'm not too pleased with it and I just have been too lazy to get around to it. It hasn't been high on my priority list. It's a shame when the DH starts mentioning how I don't wear makeup anymore. I did wear a nice natural look when we went out bowling the other weekend but nothing day to day as I used to.
Rebutting the allegation, Ramli said any layman would not believe such a thing as the amount of the deal is just as much as the amount requested.
Friday night was all about the Hotrods and Hellcats for Miss Lou's 30th birthday party. Here I am sporting a bit of a trashy Amy Winehouse look: headscarf, winged eyeliner and trailer trash hoop earrings. My hair had also faded right down to a silvery-grey.
This was at the Cavalli bar, and the story behind it is: this guy is also a gallerist, and he went to the barman and said “give me the best drink you have”, and the barman just took a small glass and made him a gin tonic. Then I went to the same barman, playing sexy I smiled at him and said ”give me the best drink you have”, he took this huge glass and started mixing and shaking all kind of drinks to impress me…
I won't get in to all the drama but the botton line is, people make choices that we don't necessarily like. There is nothing we can do about it. We can try, we can wish it to be different and we can cry but it is what it is. And that brings me to a favorite quote I saw somewhere.
I had been planning on launching a new weekly blog section called “Trailer Trash” in which I rate and comment on new and recent movie trailers, which, as anyone who shelled out twelve bucks to see John Carter knows, can be the best part of the movie.
Please don't turn your back
Foxy – Hot Number
CNN like some technological wizardry on these occasions. One of them this time was an exclusive satellite picture of the events which showed the crowds as a dense grey blur "looking like ants". Given how long we've had satellite pictures, this didn't exactly have the Wow Factor.
My only complaint about the story is how many times Bond apologies to Michal for this, that, and the other, usually after he fails to accomplish a goal, or a trick fails, or for some other reason, and while he may be trying to reassure her that he can finish the job, it made him seem weak.
Cake turns out very tender.
I use the internet for a lot of things. Shopping, listening to music (currently, this), researching. Diagnosing myself with Plantar fasciitis. Watching TV, and learning. But mostly, I use it to talk. To share, to rant, to chat, to tweet. So much of my life is here, in these pages. Probably more than most people realise, because it’s impossible to see what I’m not saying. I see that. I can look at a post, and remember what I was feeling, how much I didn’t say. Because there’s things I just can’t say out loud. To myself, let alone to anyone else.
Squeeze into a pair of Tight Tight Tight Jeans: Nothing says sexy then a pair of jeans stretched taught over your sexy ass and thighs. Its not tight enough until you have to paint them on. Make sure that your moose knuckles are showing! Trust me, that will drive everyone around you wild with passion and desire for you.
we've been introducing our fabulous upcoming
One of my favorite TV chefs is Lidia Bastianich. Her program is so much more than a cooking program in that she cooks from different regions of Italy and also takes you to the area. Often her daughter who is an art history professor appears on the program talking about that areas art and architecture. Her son, Joseph, also appears on the program from time to time and he owns wineries in Italy. His business partner is Mario Batali.
On 9/11, we were blindsided. But we never should have been.
I labelled this photograph as a natural landscape because that’s certainly how it appears. However, this scene in the middle of one of Canada’s largest cities. I fished around in the archives to dig up this 1991 picture, made right after a snowfall from the vantage point of a pedestrian bridge. The conditions that morning produced one of my most productive photo sessions! Nikon FM2 film camera, slide film, tripod, probably a polarizing filter. Scanned and processed with Photoshop software.
Controversial Mayor Inday Sara Duterte has apologized for her outburst last Friday. Despite the apology however, a mass resignation has been announced by the Hyatt 10.
7) Using a plane bathroom
Mom had her stitches out today and had the Ultra Sound done on her liver - now we just have to wait for the results.
“Smoking causes higher healthcare costs for everyone” only if you foolishly believe that more than 50 million smokers pay no taxes at all, let alone pay twice! Smoking doesn’t “cause” higher costs, but is simply a politically correct reason to charge higher costs to people that refuse to conform to the majority’s ideal of what enjoying life and living well is all about. Life is full of risks and people that smoke embrace it, while Anti-Tobacco proponents live in fear of statistically insignificant goblins.
Now that i have some time to sort out some (only some) of my 3,000+ photos.. here are some of the cake photos that i took at Takashimaya in Osaka and wondering how these cakes are made. If there are anyone who can tell me how these cakes are done, i'll be so grateful..:D
Yes, I am still obsessed. This woman is gorgeous! At first when the media was all over what she was wearing daily I though it was crazy! There was a huge commotion about her re-wearing a dress. I was glad she did! She also does not have a stylist- she is just that awesome.
In his application, Gulen further maintains that he has delivers scholarly addresses to gatherings of scholars and academics. But no audio or video evidence, let alone first-hand report, exists that these speeches were ever delivered.
She gazed again at the beautiful skyline before her, caressing the snifter. She drained it viciously, resisting the urge to smash it in the fireplace. She had to remember, that this was what she wanted. In the safe were all the documents they’d need. They’d know why.
“What are you up to?” she asked when I opened the door.
Larry and I put mulch on the path and in the sitting area. We are trying to decide whether to put some in the planting areas. I think I'll skip it, because I am gardening on the cheap this year in order to get the home equity loan we took out when we had our kitchen remodeled paid off.
Do any of you have committees like this at your school? Do you have suggestions for us? I would certainly like to hear from you if you do! Also, I'm collecting a list of iPad apps for education if you know of any!
Maya Rudolph had a kid, what, six months ago? And now she’s up to three? She looks ah-MAY-zing. So having a monologue where she sings, dances, and reminisces on all the SNL hookups she had is fine by me. And she’s hooked up with EVERYONE – her former male cast mates, numerous pages, the lighting director, Paul Simon(!). Then she finishes with Kristin Wiig and a line about “Going down on Memory Lane.” Awesome. It brought some of that Bridesmaids feel about women doing the kind of comedy that, in years past, was seen as only for the fellas. Bonus props to Maya for not falling over on those heels!
Well this is a dream which we have been chasing for decades. Will it ever be a reality? We never know.
Navy SEALs slammed Barack Obama for taking credit for the killing of Osama Bin Ladent. One SEAL said Obama did not even make the call.
Then there were the “embedded” reporters from the networks. Nothing guarantees objectivity like actually traveling with the troops (upon whom you depend for your safety and/or life). And accepting every General’s briefing as if it were the Sermon On the Mount. Because questioning the Neocons’ two Wars Of Choice would be un-American, anti-9/11, and as suspect as wearing a Che shirt.
Driving was a nightmare- they had thunderstorms the whole time we were in Utah. What should have been a quick drive was slowed down greatly by blinding rain, lightning, and water-logged roads. Luckily the roads were clearer when we drove back to the airport on Sunday.
SPECIAL FEATURES (DVD):
Yawn.
Last Friday, Bill and I sat on the deck listening to the Reds lose to the Brewers and kicked back with a few beers. I went for the Brooklyn first, since I really enjoyed a few of their other brews.
Anyway, onto this wonderful recipe. I tried seitan for the first time last year at my local coop’s hot bar…and loved it! But, until Monday, I had not consumed it again. It is significantly more expensive to purchase than tofu or tempeh and I’ve never felt particularly inclined to make it myself. On Sunday, I swung by the coop to pick up more flour for the muffins and was pleasantly surprised to find seitan on sale! I of course took advantage.
I actually used the black gaffers tape along the entire path for aesthetic reasons.
The opener, the sitar- and Moog-soaked take on "Jumpin' Jack Flash," is performed perfectly, with every choice accent milked for maximum drama. Once the novelty of sitar-dosed covers of your favorite songs wears off, you really begin to notice how excellent the performances are on this record. Ananda Shankar manages to bridge the gap between kitsch and fine art on these tracks, from the opener all the way to the cover of "Light My Fire." One minute he is playing simple notes like it was taking the place of a guitar, at other times utilizing the full reign of the sitar's sound possibilities. The originals on the album follow an equally impressive path. The dreamy, hazy bliss of tracks like "Snow Flower" and "Mamata" is both meditative and slinky -- light melodies with twisted atmospherics and tweaked Moogs. The drum breaks in the gurgling "Metamorphosis" are worth the price of the album alone. For the most part, the album rarely strays from the East-meets-West formula, with the Eastern rhythms getting the short shrift and the focus relying on Western funk and pop styles getting an Eastern makeover. This specific track guides the listener through a space/water odyssey over the course of 13 minutes. It's a slow build that gains momentum as the music progresses and flashes of acoustic guitar help the rhythm along. The final track is a great mixture of folk guitars that takes the focus away from the sitar for once, instead incorporating vocals and a chorus that manages to lock into a repeated chant that is the unexpected highlight of the album. - Allmusic
My dear friend received some unwanted news yesterday. Her husband’s job is being eliminated. His last day will be June 1. This is not the time to be jobless, and by human standards, it surely doesn’t seem like a time for gratitude and thanksgiving. But that isn’t how my friend and her family look at the hard eucharisteo. They find gratitude in everything. I like that she’s my friend, she encourages me to seek gratitude.
Since this blog was developed for my online grad social media class, I have decided to close it down. I have another blog devoted to photography and a project 365 in portraits. I have also started a new blog about the Adventures of Hengens. That blog is devoted to telling stories about my family, my children and the upcoming travels from Alaska to North Carolina.
Tonight Zoozoo wanted to jump on there to find some "healthy" dinner ideas for the week. She was scrolling down finding some great recipes but then she needed to head off to do her job. Little Man jumped on the computer as soon as she left. A few minutes later Bama looked over at Little Man who was still on Pinterest and asked "what are you looking for"?
Again I ask, am I good enough Lord? Can I be that faithful servant with every shortcoming I have?
Do you have any distinct memories of your time in Louisville?
-8 Wedges Lime
Habeus Mentem is a legal concept similar to the concept of Habeus Corpus. Habeus Memtem refers to the right to a person to their own mind (beliefs and values) and culture. Put differently: the right to be deemed legally sane.
"Its another bloke who knows nothing about music but has great abs"
Take ya time
Management provided additional detail used to compare current call center costs to outside bids received on the inbound and outbound work. The union’s bargaining committee is working on a counter proposal that will be based on the retention of that work. The proposal will be presented during the next bargaining session scheduled for April 10.
Gear: May carry clubs (str +d6) or large two-handed spears (str + d8) of bone. Some (especially those in arenas) will be equipped with crude leather armor (+1 Armor).
Susan Harris (REP) 5.64% 208
4. Last Christmas I followed a cheesecake recipe to the letter. After diligently leaving it in the fridge to cool, slicing the whole thing revealed a runny center. I had to bake it again, and again, and again. Can you picture out a cheesecake that fell from the second floor (SPLAT!) and onto a serving pan – and then you bake it until it’s solid? Good, we’re on the same page.
But Poltergeist was the parent-sanctioned horror. That wasn’t the year that Valentine’s Day immediately followed Friday the 13th. That wasn’t the year that CBF had me watch My Bloody Valentine, immediately followed by the first Friday the 13th. That wasn’t the year I completely lost my shit.
Amen. Or something.
You've had a long and exciting career with Williams-Sonoma that often including product design and style. Color and texture play an integral role in creating dimension in a small space. Can you share your thoughts on using color and texture, how to mix and match and what colors work best for small space living, if there is one?
Place 20g bread flour in a saucepan. Add 100ml water, mix till smooth, making sure there are no lumps of flour. Cook over medium to low heat, stirring constantly with a hand whisk to prevent it from burning. Within 1 to 2 mins, the mixture will start to thicken, stop when you see traces in the mixture for every stir you make with the hand whisk. (Take a look at the video clip here.) The 65degC tang zhong is ready. Immediately transfer the hot tang zhong into a bowl and cover it with a cling wrap, making sure the cling wrap sticks onto the surface of the mixture. This is to prevent a film from forming on the surface. Leave to cool completely before using it.
Heartfelt is dedicated to providing this gift to families in a caring, compassionate manner.
I think they will love her. A coworker was going to adopt her but her big dogs scare her. Her name is Juliette. I have no clue who that is in the pic, fyi. lol I JUST WANNA SQUISH HER SHE'S SO FREAKIN CUTE!!! Ms. Juliette will be hiding out under my desk tomorrow until I am able to leave for the day. I love smuggling cute and fluffy things into my offices. I've become semi-pro at this thus far in my career.
I feel like I'm hitting a better balance in my journal between doodling/drawing and collaging. But who knows if it'll take...
"Would you like some, sunshine"???
Hop over to Michelle's blog to see what she created...I'm sure it will be creative and adorable! Thanks for playing along, Michelle!
"I just got you on video blowing by me at 90 miles per hour," the driver said to the deputy. At one point the driver's speedometer hit 90 heading down Highway 13. "He was holding his cell being a commentator," said Accomack County resident BJ Bundick. "That is ridiculous. It was irresponsible on his side."
On Thursday we had our usual singaround in the Lion in Liverpool. It turned out to be a particularly lively affair, with someone who hadn't turned up for the session - he'd just come in for a pint - proving to have a large range of songs, Irish mostly. As luck would have it, the licensee bought two rounds of drinks for the singers. Not only that, a group of visitors from Birmingham were enjoying the evening so much that they were generously keeping the singers in beer all night. And I couldn't drink.
I hop off and lead him down the aisle. He is now spooking again. Okay, so he is genuinely bit scared. I walk down back the other way. Doing better. Once more the original way. He is fine. I get back on and go down the aisle. Fine. I try to go back the first way and he is just being a pain. Finally, I ask my friend to place her horse at the end of the aisle and Yves walks as calm as a clam down to the horse.
Cast: Kerith Manderson-Galvin, Tegan Crowley, Lucy Moir
When I told him,
Marianne is the moment. Enjoy diba…
454 North Columbus Dr., Chicago, IL. 60611
“We buy things we don’t need with money we don’t have to impress people we don’t like.”
My eyes are watering like crazy. Meri thought it was because of the emotional "dress a woman on stilts" Project Runway episode from last night, but really it's not. I don't know if I have allergies or if I rubbed something into my eyes... Or if I'm just tired all the time. That actually might be it... I need about 2 more hours of sleep a night. Yeah, that would do it for me!
But I digress... so I was working in the office today, creating the media invite and working out the details for potential press releases. I was in my element, so much so that I forgot about from which I came - namely my last position in which the life was sucked out of me. I had been researching alternate news sources and was getting ready to post an event to a local web portal and noticed that a former client from Cell Block C had received a business award - an outstanding business award. My first thought was "Oh, I should call up Mr. Ass and let him know so he can send a gift, a note, a whatever." And then my hand went to the phone. I still have his cell phone number seared into my brain. It's probably because he's Belzebub and the flames of pergatory had flickered out and branded me with his evilness. Or, it's because I'm a chump.
I spoke to many very interesting people, lots of new authors who looked lost, and established authors who didn't. I had a lovely chat with Essie Fox, who's debut novel The Somnambulist was recently featured on the Channel 4 TV Book Club and we agreed to read each other's books. I also had a chat with Greg Mosse, who's invited me to speak at the college where he teaches an MA in Creative Writing - that will be great, if it comes off. We started talking because my Stonewylde charm bracelet had become entangled with my lace dress - and he extricated me! I had a good chat with fellow Gollancz author Suzanne McLeod about the merits of attending some of the big conventions such as SFX Weekender, Eastercon, Fantasycon, etc.
After a crazy, emotional, awesome, difficult and God filled week...this is what I can share for now...I promise to get back on and give you all the low down as soon as we settle in...for now...enjoy Jacob's Homecoming! God has been SO faithful. Thank you Ginger for meeting us at the airport at that insane hour...and capturing such an amazing family moment.
Patrick Swayze (Point Break)
Forget all the dross that Lee & Brown knocked out during the 70's this was their first lp a slammin' slab of spiritual fusion which blows the shit out of their later output.
We've gone to several different places. I think we go to Malta most often (and it has nothing to do with the fact that you can stop in DeKalb for beer nuggets on the way home.)
- The widow could not SEE the whole picture. But she trusted. Acted in faith: neither can we see the
By this time, they had reopened the front entrance and valet, and so they had to decide if they were going to close it again. Apparently it was safe to have the water flowing out of the electrical outlet, so they left the doors open.
Han Song - The Wheel of Samsara **: A more fantastical version of "The Nine Billion Names of God," but ultimately just as silly as the original.
You will have the strength to rise
With one beer of the Top 12 revealed each day the webosphere has been abuzz with conjecture and congratulations, discussion and debate. But no one can really properly argue that beer in this country is all of a sudden in a pretty good place. It doesn’t seem so long ago that apart from one or two publications it was near impossible to find beer books in the mainstream.
Lots of us young Jews are searching for a Jewish identity which is relevant to the issues facing the world today. Many of us also feel alienated from the mainstream Melbourne Jewish community.
I have taught my children to have respect for others and their property. My children wouldn’t dream of touching something that didn’t belong to them without asking. And if they did, or they broke something that belonged to another, they would apologize and do whatever was necessary to make things right.
While the Boyfriend was helping me get the cover on the comforter he busts out laughing...
No one is hurt except for Joey. After his depressing morning at the track, we see him up in his hotel room. He’s showered, and shaved, and dressed in his usual cheap suit. He makes a call to his wife, who answers this time, but it is clear that she doesn’t want to talk. Joey looks at the table and we see a gun. Uh oh.
A.: First off, I have great admiration for anyone who writes “as a hobby.” For me, writing is always work, and I can’t imagine writing a word without the full intention of seeing it published somewhere.
Robert Pope, The Church and the Sacraments
To distract myself from these thoughts of woe, I snap a picture of this barn.
Everybody is a-jumpin’,
but i did manage to get a couple shots, so i can at least participate in my own linky party!
Yes, that is blue sky! The rain kept off for most of the day and the sun peeped tentatively from behind scudding clouds but with a chill east wind we were glad we had wrapped up warmly.
Doing renovations to your home can be incredibly stressful. It's expensive, there are always going to be unforeseen problems which mean that you can't be absolutely sure you'll achieve the look you're after. My advice would be to bring in a professional, even if it's only at the very beginning, so that you can start the project on the right foot and spot the potential when there's time (and money) to take action. Doing it this way means everybody wins.
What do I do??
Worries on My Mind by The Karl Shiflett & Big Country Show
DISRUPTIVE TAKEAWAY: It’s great to see a Big Brand using old school grassroots marketing techniques. There’s absolutely nothing better than walking into a group of consumers and saying, “Here’s my product, test it, put it up against your favorite similar product…tell us what you think“. Add in recorded proof, live testimonials and data crunching (however scientific it may or may not be) and you have a pretty damn cool story. The online user interface is fun to play around with and smooth across all click points.
Romans 3:22
A reader recently asked me about the lacto fermented Ketchup I made a while ago.
The internet makes it easier to do research than it used to be, but it is important to be cautious about the sites that you use. There is a lot of erroneous information out there. I checked the web for an answer. But I also decided that it would be just as easy and reliable to call my local Chevrolet dealer to get the answer, or at least to confirm that what I found on-line was correct for the year of the Corvette in my story. It’s easy to be lazy about research these days, but don’t be afraid to expand your research beyond the web. It may make the difference between finding the right answer and being misled.
“Very few witches have that specific tattoo even though, in theory, they all should serve him,” Fortunatus said, appearing suddenly behind him.
The Magpie's Apple Crisp
It's not the kind of garment that you'd find in a gallery, but 100 years from now, you might find it in a museum. It could be a goth coat with 5000 safety pins, or it could be a pair of work overalls that have been patched over and over and over. It could be a vest that's been handed down from one generation to another, stitched and embellished. An old army jacket. A workshirt. It's not art; it's not fashion. It's timeless and personal and what it does is just one thing: it reflects the soul of the person who created it or who wears it.
Tonight is only a mid 40's night so this cold spell is coming to an end and hopefully it is the last one of the season.
Good Tuesday to you!! I've a new tutorial for you! I go through plenty of bird seed for my many bird feeders. I get the seed that is in those bags that are made out poly canvas. I just can't throw them away. There just seems there is something you can do with that durable fabric. So I googled tote bag tutorial and found this blog, Craft Buds with really easy to follow directions. So I made up my own tutorial for a Bird Seed Tote Tutorial!
I'm not going to say much about the killings in Tucson; right now I've pretty disgusted with the way media and the left wing have behaved like a bunch of hyenas and vultures. I don't care for either party, but this occasion has been nothing more than a bunch of jerks trying to capitalize on the tragedy by dancing in the blood.
One big excuse by those who do,
Timeline - There ain't no telling. This story does cover two days and two nights, but this is a totally different look for Hex so we can't place it among the other books based on his outfit.
Go ahead and check out the pictures from my previous post. See the top picture? Some days are like that--hair is done, kids are great, projects get accomplished and meals get cooked with ease. I even have time and energy to give--to drop off coffee to a tired friend. The house is clean and all is well.
My uncle had me solve a pretty complex math problem for Christmas
I like gloves because I like my hands, and I particularly like my hands with the skin on – not ripped off by some leadrope or lunge rein. Also I hate the cold and I live in the U.K. so I have expensive gloves and I use them. However this evening I started to think about their effect on my riding, when little stallion had a few rather unkind things to say about my hands and then I realised I had forgotten to put them on.
I’m kind of bummed that I didn’t get more bath bombs to try, I only got the Butterball that I just used, Sex Bomb and Phoenix Rising. I guess this is just more incentive to take baths more!
Crimean War -- although he initial supported it, Gladstone could not sustain enthusiasm for war (which was a reversion to more typical form for him). The damage to the Aberdeen coalition was done, however, and the government did not survive the war.
Moderately enjoyable enough to get out of the library but probably not enough to buy.
Two of my team members left with me from my house at Iowa State headed towards Cedar Rapids to pick up the fourth member of the team. We had known in advance that there were going to be chance of storms along our way but in no way were we prepared to see what we saw on this road trip. Listening to the radio we had multiple National Weather Service interruptions along the way warning us of what was to come. Sixty mile per hour winds blew across the highway, brief spouts of rain and warnings of quarter size hail were what we were driving through… not to mention a sky that looked like death. There was definite circulation in the clouds, complete with funnels. Lighting flickered every couple of seconds off in the distance, the belly of the beast was not far away. We ended up passing storm chasers and fire department vehicles that were blocking off roads. Although it wasn’t a tornado (yet), with my soft top Jeep Wrangler it sure sounded like a freight train was coming. I could barely keep it on the road.
And women and women
Truth is timeless. Truth does not differ from one age to another, from one geographical location to another. Men’s ideas may differ, men’s customs may change, men’s moral codes may vary, but the great all-prevailing Truth stands for time and eternity.
--Aria condos
Wendy baked the Italian Bread as torpedo rolls - pictured above - to accompany her (not quite) vegetarian Christmas Eve dinner. They were a hit, especially with her mother, who always advises that good bread, good conversation and good wine are the keys to a good dinner party - smart mom (aren't they always?!) Read more on her full post: {bba} italian bread torpedo rolls
One of them, British electricity utility company Rurelec, is currently seeking compensation for the take-over at the Permanent Court of Arbitration in The Hague.
The best sites to reserve your tickets are:
Now let's be honest and provide some perspective here. These GunVault handgun safes will keep a child, and most adults, from quickly getting access to your gun and while they are steel, they could still be broken into. I haven't tried it, but I'm sure if I took one of these little safes out to the barn and went after it with a sledge-hammer, chisel, and a pry-bar... I could have it busted open in a few minutes. Your three-year-old won't. Your teenage grandson won't... unless given unlimited access to it and by the way... don't think kids don't know where the guns are kept and likely where the key is or what the combinations are... OPSEC folks!
Read Exodus 17:8-16.
To be eligible for the grand prize, you must submit the completed puzzle before noon on Dec 4th Pacific Time. All the keywords must be in the correct place and you must include your full name and address. Entries sent in without name and address will not be considered.
As readers should have assumed, she is black; otherwise they would have given her race. Funny how the only time the media isn’t obsessed with race is on the rare occasions it is truly relevant, as when describing criminal suspects.
The place I lived has a lot going for it. I met great and interesting friends, and the Columbia Valley is second only to Napa when it comes to wine. But culturally, the Tri Cities, Washington has that built-in problem: there are three of them. Three not-much-happening downtowns to go along with the suburban sprawl, rather than one vibrant urban center for live music, arts, and literary events. As I write this, I can hear the diehard voices saying, “If you don’t like it, leave.”
I'm so thankful for my Savior who is here with us, in the waiting.
We had hamburgers cooked directly over the charcoal covered wheel with pecan thrown in for smoke, hot dogs cooked about a foot off to the right, and heated sausage up in there as well. Then one of the most interesting tips I've ever seen was that he dumped all of the buns into one brown paper bag, inverted another bag over it, and put it on the grill the farthest away from the flame and just left it there. It heated them up perfectly, and although the bags got hot and smoked they never burned.
And it would certainly top off the weekend if I had some time to get inky too. Maybe even try another card with this week's sketch. I hope you'll play along too! Here it is:
I looked back at him, a little confused. “It’s not that bad, Davie. Not really. I know you do your best, and Mom, well, I know she’s a little…sick, I guess. That’s not your fault, right? We do okay, Dave. We do okay.”
Earrings:
Job 1:7 (NLT)
Hallelujah! Christ arose!"
The second day I came up with a new pattern. This time 4 -4 1/2 inch squares. When I started sewing them together I realized that 4 was too many..I needed 3. Duh..math again. I cut some of those squares out of the two squares that were only 12 inches..better to use them than throw them away..it was too late to recycle the one I threw away in a fit of sewing frustration.
If it were not for the dispensational change that took place even we would have difficulty comprehending the problem. The Jews could not comprehend the fact of Gentiles being saved without the Jews. The Jews could not understand Gentiles being without the Law of Moses. In fact, they had difficulty seeing the need for Paul.
The former City Solicitor was paid $142,260 in 2004 - $20,000 more than the Massachusetts Attorney General. He gave us a corrupt city government by doing nothing. He did not prosecute tax violators costing us $52 million in unpaid taxes. Now he has a new job working for the School Department even though a Boston law firm has been hired to do the union contracts.
If you remember back around Christmas time I used an artificial poinsettia (since I was too cheap to buy the die) that I'd gotten at the Dollar Store. Well, there were red ones and also some gold colored ones in the little pot. For this card I used a gold one but really think I prefer the red ones.....anyway, using the Merry Monday sketch for this week I created another card for Christmas! The sentiment is from Studio G and I used Cherry Cobbler and Very Vanilla (that I sponged some Antique Linen around) card stock and Paper Studio DP. It's really nice knowing I'm going to have so many of my Christmas cards completed before December!
PS I am leaving town in the morning. I am running my half marathon on Saturday. Wish me luck! :) Hopefully Satan won't try to kill me. I'll let ya know.
available. At the moment I'm gathering confidence with using
Answer: Have a Plan. Don’t just quit your job and start blogging. That’s silly. Recognize there is going to be a transition period and its going to be uncomfortable as hell, but that means your doing the right thing. Also make sure to set yourself with the right expectations. Not every blogger becomes millionaire.
Finally, rinse and repeat five thousand times. Proliferate franchised, chartered McSchools with each classroom in each McSchool teaching the same thing on the same day in exactly the same way. So, for the math lesson on the formula of a line, you only need develop it once. But you download it in Power Point on the assigned day so the room monitors, i.e., the “teachers,” know what bullets to read. Now repeat this for every lesson in every course in every school, every day. In biology, chemistry, geometry, history, English, Spanish, indeed, all of a K-12 curriculum. Develop the lesson literally once, but distribute and reuse it thousands of times with low-cost proctors doing the supervision. The cost is infinitesimal making the profit potential astronomical.
For my little ones, I like the book Leading Little Ones to God, along with reading or telling whatever Bible stories they like.
Things have to make sense to me. I was a math teacher because math makes sense. There are rules and if you follow the rules you get where you're going. I want things to be in order, desks in a row and not in circles, cans lined up on the shelves. Get the picture?
There is giggling in the valley, but no laughter; no tears, but lots of sobbing. There are riddles, but no jokes; coffee, but no cream and sugar (or Starbucks, for that matter).
Line a cookie sheet with aluminum foil and fill sheet with Tostitos (scoop side up).
I performed alongside Matt Sage and his band again, but this time we had smoke, lighting, and I had my rope rigged at a more interesting height!
“She’s stopped telling me where to go,
And my heart breaks at how quickly my babies are growing up. Look at Tara HERE 5 years ago, on the day before kindergarten was to start. She's standing at the same spot at the counter. Stop growing babies!!
There are plenty of proper laughs (like a beautiful description of Chris Boardman’s superhuman ability to be simultaneously awake and asleep, and a lovely account of mutual incomprehension in an interview with Samuel Sanchez), and characters like Chris, Liam, Matt and the infamous Carno are succinctly and affectionately drawn. It’s not just a romp, though. Room is made for reflection, as it was in Yellow Jumper, although the self-deprecating voice is never quite suppressed, so there is nothing in this book that quite matches Yellow Jumper’s surprising and moving chapter on Glenn Wilkinson.
CALDWELL
I've babbled enough. Now it's time to show you how to make miracles happen. To sponsor Judy, click the link: Judy's Terp Thon. If you do, I'll be indebted. Hopefully, your kid won't want much.
Fresh Brewed Designs (where creativity is brewed fresh daily) is offering 5 digis of the winner's choice. And you'll have a difficult time choosing those 5 digis because there are just so many wonderful images available (I totally suggest checking out the food images!).
a handful of Cadbury’s mini eggs
So actually look for God in the lives of authors not the stamp of approval from governmental systems.
Well we won’t allow this frontier boss rule politics to shift the blame from the operation and management of the mine onto the miners, the contractors, the Greens or some freak accident. After all it was Coasters that started coming out with ‘blame’ comments right after Friday, November 19. Former mine workers commented on safety defects in the mine. Then the MSM got into the act. They had their reasons (keeping the disaster movie interesting) but they did hit some pay dirt. Investigate Magazine summarised most of this information in its January, 2011 Issue. As was immediately evident at the time of the explosion, and with plenty of warning signs, the mine exploded because it was a ‘gassy’ mine without an adequate ventilation system.
These empty-headed, vacuous kids and not-so-kids are precisely the product the left has been after for sixty or more years. Want to see what happens when parents abrogate their responsibility to instill character? These are spoiled, for the most part privileged, brats from middle and upper-middle income groups. There are obviously others involved, aging hippies with their gray ponytails and Birkenstocks. Of course, there’s the odd admixture of dopers, dealers and anarchists as well.
Preserve something- hmm... I can't think of anything
I often wear fishnets, I have them in every color imaginable. But, I always love to wear a pair of nude fishnets, they are understated and refined way to carry tights. Blending almost seamlessly onto the leg, and they add just a little something extra to complement even the boldest outfit.
I have no advertisers. There is no one out there who will lose out if my post isn't on time, or if I have a week or even a whole month off. And I don't pitch for followers, either. It's absolutely lovely when they come, and I was even considering running a giveaway where you had to "follow me" to enter. Then I would get more followers, guaranteed... but of what quality? I love that The Accidental Housewife followers are people legitimately interested in the blog, not just hangers on, here for the swag. It's so nice to be building a community of likeminded people!
I recently popped in to the local Goodwill and found this set of 2 barstools. They were black and covered in outdated black fabric.
1 brothels
During the peak years of 2006 and 2008, prices for Mr. Prince's work soared. In 2008, the artist's works sold for a combined $68.3 million at auction, but signs of trouble began to emerge: That year, at least nine pieces sold for less that their low asking prices, indicating that buyers and sellers were no longer in agreement on where his auction prices should be set. Last year, his auction sales total fell to $11.7 million, according to Artnet, likely an indication that fewer sellers wanted to risk offering Princes that might not sell. A spokeswoman for the Gagosian Gallery, which represents Mr. Prince, says the artist's prices and sales are fine.
In addition to the band bios, there are also topical articles scattered throughout the book, touching on subjects such as the Stiff Records label, heartthrobs of the genre, and men’s and women’s fashion. The book concludes with a bevy of top ten, top twenty, and top fifty lists and a “New Wave Timeline” that begins in 1959 and ends in 1991, with Martha Quinn’s departure from MTV.
(I Am A Child - missing)
So here you are flying—it’s very sudden—
Margarita Evenings and Dark Coffee Mornings
Accessories - Ribbon, Kaisercraft Rhinestones, Spellbinders Fancy Tags 1 and 2
10) Eleven Madison Park (New York)
May the Fourth be with you!
“In March, 1915, the J.P. Morgan interests, the steel, shipbuilding, and powder interest, and their subsidiary organizations, got together 12 men high up in the newspaper world and employed them to select the most influential newspapers in the United States and sufficient number of them to control generally the policy of the daily press….They found it was only necessary to purchase the control of 25 of the greatest papers. “An agreement was reached; the policy of the papers was bought, to be paid for by the month; an editor was furnished for each paper to properly supervise and edit information regarding the questions of preparedness, militarism, financial policies, and other things of national and international nature considered vital to the interests of the purchasers.” – U.S. Congressman Oscar Callaway, 1917
Comparing the personality trait of introversion to anti-social behaviour is one of the greatest misconceptions about the inward-focussed. It’s true that most introverts prefer their own company, that’s clear. We love solitude because it allows us the time and space we need to introspect, to think, to ponder, and to create using our well-developed mental acuity. It’s simply not fair to label a person as anti-social when in fact, they simply have a preference for solitude. It’s not the same thing.
I'm also glad because I know I don't have much time with them left. Their health isn't that great so I want to enjoy a few days with them while I still can. And I'll have my computer with me so I'll say hi to you from NC in a day or two. :) Not tomorrow though because I'll be a tad busy driving up, and it's a ways of a drive.
Overall, a great book. I am able to remember so much even after 20 years. I wish I could remember my text books like that.
Strength: Rick Majerus is back and he has this Billiken team playing excellent defense. Saint Louis only allows 57.5 points per game. The Billikens are able to do that because they hold teams to 41.1 percent shooting from the field and 32 percent three-point shooting. They’re also fourth in the A-10 in turnovers forced at 14.9 per game. That’s been their recipe for success and will be the reason why they’ll have success.
Olay ProX Kit $62 (Limit 1)
Remember his cock and his bull and mutter: "Beware!"
The slide show claims Dave Mocknick has been writing since the age of six, and is a produced and published author.
Now is when I want to live my life fully - amidst all the struggles and confusion.
And then there was my nemesis. I hated him with such a passion. He tormented me, forced me to come in on a day when I had called in sick in the morning, constantly complained that I did no work, and bitched me out to superiors.
I want to send LOADS of cards! Yay! :D
This went straight from primary fermenter (plastic bucket) into the keg. It sat five weeks and I hope that is short enough that any off flavors from the yeast aren't detracting from the beer.
Happy Birthday, Michael!
Who is speaking here? Is it all three members of the Godhead?
The best way to help survivors and relief workers is to make a financial contribution. Monetary donations allow disaster responders to immediately meet the specific needs of disaster survivors.
1960-2002 with allegations of abuse.
They just be playa hating.
The IPKat has long wearily despaired that it is not apparently possible even today to read a news item relating to intellectual property in which the words “copyright”, “patent” and “trade mark” are used with their correct meaning. Dr Jaiya’s comments about IP being seen as an esoteric subject that is the exclusive domain of a small number of specialist practitioners therefore seem especially apt. Regardless of our individual affiliations, therefore, it is for all of us to play some part in raising the awareness of IP. This Kat therefore felt very privileged to be present yesterday and thanks all who worked so hard on making the event possible.
Hey everyone! Hope everyone's Tuesday is awesome! I have been playing around with Ranger and have found some really cool techniques to share. I have had Ranger products for a while and have often played around with the distressing stains ink pads and dobbers. I didn't realize the possibilities that could be achieved and much more. My journey started with the liquid Pearl line. I have seen the dots created with them and wanted to see if anything else was possible. I found many really cool techniques to do on you tube. With no other than the master himself Tim Holtz! It was like I had a tutor all to myself!! Now I am going to take you threw everything technique that I played with a piece at a time and explain! Most everything that I used can be found at the Flying Unicorn store. Ok lets get started!
I am not a psychology major, if anything I am a chem major, but people do fascinate me. Thoughts specifically, the quantification, classification and understanding of thoughts in a way that throws our existence’s into perspective and broadens and enhances our self exploratory abilities. If there was such a field, I would be a Thought topologist and possibly a memetic evolutionary sociologist, but that is its own discussion. There are several fast, feisty and spirited thoughts which I hope to pull down and tie together into something edible.
Let me just digress and point out, as per our recent discussion about the separated brethren and their stubborn attitude toward Mary, in particularly, refusing to ask for her intercession, that if you're going to point to what's in the Bible as the be all and end all of what we are to believe about Jesus, than you've clearly really missed the point of this event. The point being: Jesus listens to His Mom. Against His better judgment.
Getting Stronger
mark space, reveal traces of karmic debt
Oh, lord, there's still some of this abomination around? Ok, I guess that was harsh. A few weeks ago Justin dropped off a sixer of the remaining cache of the Dark and Mysterious Cinnamon Porter (MB0012-T2). Personally, I had chalked this one up to experimentation a long time ago, thinking that it was completely gone until it showed up at my door, and with this, I knew I had to give it one more shot. Time for another homebrew review.
In recent years, different sectors of the university, and different fractions within each sector, have taken contrary views about how best to sustain the educational project of the university in the face of state austerity measures, and these various groups have taken different actions in line with their views. On the one hand, administrators have reacted to declining budgets by hiring the Bain consulting firm to help them implement campus-level austerity measures (esp. OE), by shifting the class and geographic composition of admitted students (to get more money from student fees), by advocating that the campus community lobby state legislators, and by deploying the police whenever protesters have breached the student code of conduct, and sometimes even when they haven't (justifying these deployments with reference to their role as protectors of the educational mission of the university).
These players invariably come from the nationalist community, with the result that football apartheid is slowly beginning to be established in Ireland.
Today, my topic is anti-philosophy. Sometimes you just have to throw philosophy out the window and enjoy a greasy pizza from your favorite joint, you know? I truly believe that as long as you don't live on junk food, a little isn't going to kill you.
SM: My family has been unbelievably supportive. Especially my kids, who are my main editors. If they don't laugh, then I know I've missed the mark.
But God can help us navigate the pain. And as God helps us heal, as God absorbs our cries and our prayers, God can write His own story into our story. He can draw us nearer until we feel His embrace. Thankfully, God can help us heal.
3. Make my bee block for Beejeebers. This one looks relatively easy, so I should be able to cross this off my list quickly. The photo above is courtesy of Linzsews.
I am officially 15 weeks pregnant, and finally starting to really feel better. Getting my energy back, and not throwing up multiple times a day. It's great! Still taking my Zofran, usually everyday which is probably why I am not throwing up.
Please scroll down below and take a minute to meet each member of our fabulous and wonderfully talented DESIGN TEAM! I hand picked these gals and they are among the best of the best in the paper crafting world!
The Soviets take the cake, right off the bat having official records of executing over 800,000, with about 3 million dead after being sent to gulags and forced relocation. Deaths from purposeful famine are harder to track, with Stalin’s apologists saying that it was ONLY around 6 million with some estimates being way higher. However you lib bastards love you some Ivy League academics, and Yale puts that around 20 million.
As part of our attempt to be and stay healthy, we recently got one of those high-powered water toothpick thingies. We had one for years and loved it; having such clean teeth and gums gave us more energy and overall better health. Even the kids liked to use it. But over the years, it was used less and less, sitting on the counter top each day mocking us as we tried to turn our heads and avoid eye contact. Eventually we could not stand the shame and threw it out.
The meetings / hospitality industry is no different from others in that it is a very small, very incestuous industry. It can almost be guaranteed that you will cross paths with a former co-worker or boss at some point in time if you stay in the business long enough. When presented with a situation that your gut tells you is just not right, do a gut check and ask yourself if your mother would approve of the behavior. That should give you your answer. I urge you to make the right choices and help us all work together to elevate the ethical standards of our industry.
I recommend you take a look too!
Our faux fire...we don't want to light up the fire place because it will only be a mess and a hazard for mr p, but I wanted a little light coming from there. So, I wrapped up some jars with burlap and filled them with lights. I keep thinking I am going to add more jars to fill it up, but sometimes good enough, is good enough...
No pictures with Giada
~ Pittsburgh's cocktail scene continues to thrive and expand. If you claim there is nowhere to get a good drink in the 'Burgh, you simply aren't looking.
Fig Filling:
The action is also being attributed to sustained pressure put up by Akal Takht Jathedar Giani Gurbachan Singh, Damdami Taksal chief Baba Harnam Singh Dhumma, former Akal Takht Jathedar Jasbir Singh Rode and other members of the Sikh clergy who had been camping at the deceased’s native village Chour Sidhwan since Friday. Both the SSP and the DC, who left for Chandigarh today, refused to comment on their respective exits.
Last night I couldn’t sleep. All I could think about was the little wonton (partly because s/he was kicking up a mad storm), and I seriously had butterflies in my stomach for hours (butterflies from excitement, not from the kicking). I went to bed at 10 and I was still wide awake at 2. Then again at I was awake at 3, then again at 4:30, then again at 6, and then I finally fell asleep again from 7:30 to 8:30 before I finally gave up and made coffee.
Annie - The Felt Fairy
So we’ll see.
Weeks later I gave it more serious thought. After all, how many times in my life would I have the opportunity to go on a real adventure with one of my kids? Here was the opportunity to share our mutual enjoyment of cocktails and food in a city and a culture neither of us had ever experienced. I wasn't particularly interested in attending programs at Tales, but I figured I could do a little exploration on my own while Alex and two of his friends soaked up knowledge, booze and networking connections. I was only worried that it would be so godawful hot and muggy that I'd never go anywhere.As it turned out, the friends dropped out and neither Alex or I attended Tales. We did, however, have a great time and my preconceptions and view of New Orleans were turned upside down.
Congrats Donalda! Please contact us with your choice of Magnolia images and mailing address so we can get your gift certificate to you.
TONGGU MOMMA: Hey there. Do you know where I can find the quinn-oh-ah?
Although the egg is the Oddity of the Week item, my Star Find sadly didn't actually end up coming home with me. I spotted a leather hat box/vanity case, possible 1940-50s, lurking under a table and snaffled it, adding it to my pile. A little later, I noticed a woman taking it off my stash and adding it to her's. When I approached her, the hatchet-faced harridan with a Croydon facelift started shouting at me that she'd seen me take it from her pile, and yelled "I'm not arguing with you!" in a really aggressive manner, Err, really?
As usual on this sort of subject, during the networking cocktail a lot of questions popped-up and were answered by our speakers and I am sure all present realised that being informed about these matters is key.
Long ago, titan Kronos used to eat his children, but her wife hid Zeus that later on trick Kronos on barfing out his brothers and sisters (which he cannot kill even if he eats them because they are gods) who grew up inside his stomach. After which, Zeus defeated his father, sliced him into pieces and scattered his remains in the darkest part of the Underworld, Tartalus. But, if gods cannot die, so does titans.
Not the immense wind which strengthens, not the wind which lashes,
May 11 2012 - Suffering from a decade of chronic malnutrition and disease, the by now infamous Afrikaner squatter camp residents in Krugersdorp – who won their widely-publicised battle with the ANC-municipality against forced removal -- now has divided into two factions with two strong leaders in an uneasy truce.
It’s all well and good saying that we need to build a New Model Army, but a New Model Army needs a New Model Leader, not someone who has allowed the "old decayed serving men and tapsters” to thrive in the first place. I digress. To understand what the hell I’m banging on about you will have to have read this.
Vereas del camino van dos gitanas:
What happens here is more for my benefit than yours. I apologize.
Great Solos
Even so, I like to give talk titles that are as vague as possible, so that I can give whatever talk I am most in the mood for when the time comes. This vagueness allows me to talk about the coolest (meaning: the hottest) science.
Pausing, unwilling to reveal his presence just yet, he hovered behind the leafy brush.
So that's it for now. I would love to hear comments if anyone actually reads this blog, otherwise I just might delete the whole thing. Not to be depressing. Blogging is so saturated right now and I know that deep in my heart, this blog doesn't really offer a lot to a lot of people. But we shall see.
If the Brooklyn Paper won't change from its editorial stance calling a federal bailout of the arena, that indicates a change--in emphasis if not policy--from an editorial last June calling the "Brooklyn Day" rally "democracy as they practice it in North Korea, where lackeys are paid to show up and sing paeans to the Great Leader on command."
A few weeks later, Jonathan initiated the conversation. "Can China get me in trouble?" he asked. No, was Sue's answer, you are safe from China. "OK," Jonathan replied, "then I am 17, not 13."
“God’s eternal power and character cannot be seen. But from the beginning of creation, God has shown what these are like by all he has made.”
The mainstream electronic and print media gives space or airtime to only the government. The opposition is not given equal space or airtime. And if the opposition is given space or airtime, the ‘offending’ news agencies will lose their licence.
"I AM cleaning!" she yelled back.
Ever listened to a song?
This photo is of the Disneyland Castle during our trip. It was a great way to start the countdown week to Christmas Day. The Castle is so pretty during the day with the Christmas decor against the California blue skies. You'll just have to visit Disneyland to see how it lights up the night during the holiday.
The joy of a first draft is discovering the characters. The joy of retreating, and brainstorming, is the creative energy it generates – and, of course, the plain old fun.
and laughing so hard it hurts.
What other choice did she have?
I went out with a girlfriend of mine which was actually pretty fun.
Hello my dear friends,
After Legionaire's Disease Band, Jerry went on to release an album with his next band, Anomie, which featured Duff McKagen and members of the Cro-Mags and White Zombie. Craig later died of liver cancer and Norman in a car accident. Jerry has plans to record all the songs LDB ever played.
One of our families favorite soups is chicken/dumpling soup. I make heavy dumplings and there never seem to be enough - on the rare occasion that there may be a few left: they reheat in the soup wonderfully. I usually have to double the recipe, but we ARE feeding 7 people - 4 of which are adult-sized portions!
On behalf of the St Kilda Ale Stars, I wish you all the best as you begin your journey of beer discovery!
I have been playing cards with our new hired man tonight.
law primarily refers to existing patent and copyright laws for punishments for
For the last three months God has been testing my patience. First it was the flu, cold and cough. Then i fell down and broke my leg. The latest is my liver and kidney going kaput! Do i seem like the easiest and convenient target for him? Or is this some new tactic in his book of tests coz I’ve had enough.
t-shirts they brought to her. Needless to say, there were many tears shed
Sensible order – ooh, that recipe looks nice; I’ll go out and buy the ingredients to make it
1/2 cup Parmesan
In many ways, this book has been a weight on me for a few years now. I often fantasize about what it will be like to finally get it out there – to start working on new projects without this novel nagging in the background. I picture myself churning out stories at the speed of light.
This is a most versatile cake. It loves cake syrups with flavorings such as Grand Marnier or lemon juice. It goes well with soft icings like whipped cream. curds or mousse fillings. Have fun and make a cake today!
Good afternoon my lovelies
This post will outline the key components of the facility and what issues may arise from Alaska CURE‘s point of view.
Usually when I think of Kababs/Kebabs, they are either baked or pan fried. This one is different from the rest as they are deep fried using a marinade. In Bangalore, you can find people selling these not only in restaurants but also in those road side shops which opens only after 6.30 pm and their menu doesn't go beyond Fried Rice and Chicken Kababs.
American Goldfinch 144
I called up to him a reminder of the rules, he apologized and said he would do better, but soon after that, I heard him talking again. I call up a second reminder. He apologizes again. The third time, I tell him to come back downstairs. He comes down and Punky is with him.
They remind me of a time in my life that was fraught with emotion - the highs and lows - and filled with the pursuit of fun. They remind me of afternoons spent playing 500 and drinking vodka and fresh lime. Scrabble championships. Sofas that were always full of Australian backpackers. A front door that was always open to friends (even at 4am).
We had a blast this weekend "shopping" at Northpark, eating dinner at Chuy's, going to the Arboretum, and playing with his cousins. He basically didn't take nap yesterday and did wonderful!! Thank goodness. :)
I’m planning wonderful trips this summer. I’m going to go to places I’ve never been and see things I’ve never seen. I’m going to take it all in.
And finally we've made it around the room. That's the couch in the lower right corner, and the opening to the kitchen is just to the left. You can also see the front door in the upper right corner, we have a very open floor plan, it's nice. I love this spot, too. I told the whole story about this spot here.
I decided to stick around for the whole meeting, so I showed up a little before 9:30am, and met with a very nice young lady walking her own children to the church entrance. She asked if I were new, and I informed her about my speaking gig. She seemed very excited when I told her it was about fitness. In fact, most of the ladies did. I felt very welcome and appreciated as I dropped Nolan off in the childcare area, with a grandmother and grandfather type keeping an eye on him and the rest of the kids.
I feel eternally blessed that we were so lucky that our very first try with IVF was a success. I could be writing a very different story now if that wasn’t the case.
Donna’s stomach sunk with stunned shock and she mumbled something that barely registered to herself as the words stumbled off her tongue before she hung up the phone.
Ray had told me about a week ago, that he’d been fishing at our favorite sunset spot, when a guy approached him and began talking out of nowhere. Ray said the man looked like a 17 year old boy in a 50 year old’s body, and had a very Of Mice and Men feel to him. After Ray had finally gotten away and escaped to the far side of the dock, he said that he could hear the man talking very loudly to himself, and seemingly becoming enraged by whatever he was saying to himself. Ray felt so uncomfortable that he left, saying he felt like the man was going to pull out a knife and stab him any second.
The show won an Emmy Award for Best Comedy just one time. (What were those Emmy voters smoking?)
5th Feb 1985 Edinburgh Caley Palais
This morning at 8.am Road block in the Federal Highway near MidValley. Why is the need to do so and inconvenience so many motorists??
More experienced gardeners might noticed that I left at least one major crop out. I don't have corn on the list because its family has very few edibles (corn and sorghum), so they are in their own rotation.
Now... I will be awarding some digi prizes to commentors along the way, so make sure to leave the girls some love, and then I sure hope you play along with us at Graphicat!!! Here is the sketch...
In this economy, expensive shoes are such luxuries that us girls cannot simply afford all the time. Don't fret! There are a few good brands that offer fair prices and quality products that can very well compete with more high-end and more expensive contenders in the market. One of those brands is called All That Clutter, owned by sisters Mirra and Pia Reyes. With a little over Php 1000 from Ria and a little savings from Mirra, the two thought of investing in a business that will not only sell beautiful things to lovely girls everywhere, but will also help their different advocacies - one of them being an enterprise that is fair and just and being a company that cares.
I'm still not very good at meditation, even though I've been doing it for a few years. But occasionally, I catch a wave. I can't tell you how refreshing it is to empty all the noise out of your head and sit in perfect silence, do nothing and, best of all, think nothing. It's a peace you'll never experience while juggling cell phone conversations.
Sheik Yousuf Al-Qaradhawi: Muslim Nation Plagued by Tragedies, Like the Rule of the Cowardly Jews
2 features
That’s why, earlier this year, we started “Let’s Move!” As you know, it’s been a national campaign with a very ambitious goal, which is to solve the problem of childhood obesity in a generation so that kids born today grow up with a totally different approach to eating and their health, and they grow up at a healthy weight with a wonderful appreciation for food and how to use it to tap into their power.
It would be a deception of Jeremy Hunt-levels to say I agree with Owen Jones on anything, and in any case I don’t have a SpAd to throw under a bus if I tried to say I did. His Independent column today reaffirmed my thoughts on his position in the party, and the wider push for Labour to offer an alternative to austerity.
About a week ago out of nowhere he developed eczema. My heart immediately sank - could this be a sign he has allergies, like his sister? I took him to the doctor and applied the creams prescribed over his skin but it got worse. I went back to the doctor as he was starting to weeze. Yesturday after a night of literally zero sleep, his face was swollen like a balloon. His eyes so red and puffy that he could not open them. His skin was red raw and absolutely covered in bumps. The skin behind his ears was weeping. And he was struggling, his chest weezing. he had no energy and just wanted to be held. We went straight to A&E.
I'm happy it's finally Autumn.
Denzel Brown
First, I'd like to heap an enormous amount of thanks on the Food Floozie for asking me to guest post for her today. I could not be more thankful that I have connected with her through food, and found a new friend in the process. My family has followed Mary via her column for some time, and when my mother first turned me onto her I was, I admit, a bit intimidated by the thought of contacting her. I was in the process of launching Once Upon a Loaf and wanted to be taken seriously - just wasn't ready yet. She had it all, in my mind - she was funny, talented, endearing - and I can say now that I was dead-on about the Floozie. Thank goodness I eventually chucked my self-consciousness and can now enjoy her irreverence almost at will.
This famous quotation seems, to my eye, to be as good a way of introducing the Scots law blogs as any…apart from this great photograph which I could not resist
But ever since moving here 2 years ago, I've loved the fact the house is actually a home to a myriad of birds. Although it is a modern house, in the eves as I write this posting there are at least 3 starling nests. How do I know this, well apart from seeing half eggshells on the path, or watching the adults zooming in and out, I can hear the chicks chirruping. In fact if I gently tap my bedroom ceiling off they start clammering for food. Don't try this at home, as the chicks use up energy chirruping so if the adults aren't feeding they'll not replace that effort.
“He lives in you, he lives in me. He watches over everything we see. Into the water. Into the truth. In your reflection, he lives in you.” Remember who you are. Change is the only constant in our lives.
Thit Rachel, thanks doll, tha's a great bit o' scran ya knocked up therr (as they say in Barcelona)
What we are trying to say is, there’s no better smartphone here – just one that’s more suited to your needs and taste. There’s always an element of compromise – be it size against screen estate, power against battery life or looks against durability. What monster smartphones like the Samsung Galaxy S III and the HTC One X try to do is rule out compromises. That’s why manufacturers don’t cut any corners making them.
Chris White (piano)
“But I cannot drive it from my mind,” the other man said quietly. “I cannot forget it any more than you can, Adani. You and your brother found it. The oasis. The treasure of the Last King. I must know where it is!”
685 D-XII/10/1974. “Women in Aristophanes’ Lysistrata.” Course on Women (by Nella Fermi Weiner), University High School, The Laboratory Schools, The University of Chicago, Chicago, Illinois.
Obama: There is no doubt that Obama like Carter inherited a recession, however, it is equally apparent that both leaders made their situations much worse by their actions and inaction.
Below are a few charts pulled from the FAS-FAX and Audience-FAX report: the top 25 Sunday and weekday U.S. newspapers by circulation and the top 25 U.S. newspapers with digital editions.
Once I had taken this in and understood it, the designs and dim geometric lights came slowly to a halt. Now, the space around me formed into a dome about twice the size of my headspace. The lines formed into a simple row-matrix of white dots in front of me. They remained completely still and seemed to form a veil or barrier of some kind. It was very quiet and I had the impression that everything in the world had simply stopped. Everything in my vision space was on Pause while waiting for me to do something. I was tempted to become self-consciously nervous as I realized this was Ayahuasca school and I was being presented with a test – pop quiz one! What do I do? Push one of the dots? Say something? I was at a loss for a few moments.
* copper there is plenty
Step 2: All Contestants must be a member of the Chop Zuey Couture Jewellery Group.
My main thought is.....'does anyone ever actually BUY from these people?'......when you can't even understand what they want......how can you make a legitimate purchase?
8) Bake till a tooth pick inserted comes clean.
But, Austin gets boy time and gets to feel manly.... so whatever.
In other words, God set in motion a long chain of events that took about 9 billion years just to form our planet, then another 4.5 billion years just to get to us, the people in which he wanted to place his image. If the entire history of the universe were compressed into a single year, modern humans would appear at 11:54 p.m. on Dec. 31.
"Many of them were absolutely enslaved to snuff; some drank drams, &c., to remedy such evils, the preachers were enjoined on no account to take snuff, or to drink drams themselves; and were to speak to any one they saw snuffing in sermon time, and to answer the pretence that drams cured the colic and helped digestion."
Typically Koreans make rice cakes with spicy chili paste but due to the recent fusion culinary trend in Korea, you can get quite creative with these guys.
In May, deputies interviewed five students and Alege, who, after he was read his rights, declined to talk to detectives, a report said.
Dirty Rotten Scoundrels Film Photo
Mayonnaise and butter
I tried the ammonia fume treatment I read about on Pinterest (and discovered it was also recommended by the stove manufacturer) on my black iron grates and drip pans. However, I didn't see any different results then from my usual method of using hot soapy water. Maybe they just weren't that dirty or I should have let them sit overnight.
9. Max Studio dress, $6.99
So regardless of which direction the intersection of supply and demand moves, historical cycles have ensured, and will most likely continue to provide, opportunities for “a vida boa” at all levels of society.
WARNING: SERIOUS PIC AND VID SPAM!
I think the gender of a character will become less important in the writing of that character the further into the future a story is set. The non-gender characteristics the writer gives a character will come more to the fore.
1 unique
(Below is a fine art print by Sue Deutscher)
I finally finished the secret box that I was working on for my tutorial. See my precious posting below or click HERE if you're interested. You can make this for any occasion and fill it with other goodies, but I made this one to fill with Easter eggs.
Sweat ran in rivulets as Wei Tsu Tin struggled forward fighting the waist-deep water and dense undergrowth of the Okefenokee swamp. Not an inch of Wei’s skin was dry. The areas of deep folds and tight crevices were starting to chafe. As he peeled yet another leech off of his arm, the general cursed the ancestors of the Americans that he and his troops were chasing deeper and deeper into the swamp. Then he cursed all Americans as well as their “free” country. Where were the riches that he had been promised? Where were the assets to be recovered for Wei’s own homeland. How would these backwater savages ever repay their debt?
Meanwhile at home
was a lovely morning and we all took turns taking the kayaks out for a spin. The water is still clearing up from the flooding but the river already looks much better. I can’t wait until we can get back!!!
When it comes to characters, Battle Royale takes the cake by far. Each kid is given a unique personality, even the ones that get killed off almost instantly. Every single death in the whole movie feels like it has some power behind it, even if it was a character you didn’t see too much of. In The Hunger Games, we get the stereotypical Hollywood clichés instead of actual characters. We have our powerful female lead, her love interest, and all the “bad guys”. None of the deaths feel like they have any power behind them, because the only characters given any personality whatsoever are the people who aren’t involved in the murder-fest and the main duo. With Battle Royale, the focus was on the fight itself, which helped its characterization incredibly. You got to see that trials and tribulations of every single kid. Character goes to Battle Royale.
“You know what it is about you reporters, Newsome?” Matt asked. Newsome was busy scrubbing furiously at his suit pants with a wet towel. “You’re fundamentally conflicted about this campaign stuff.”
- Won the FA Cup
To state my case, my great grandfather, James Burnie, owned and operated the Morning Glory Inn from c.1863 to c.1870. In fact, my grandfather, Alfred Burnie, was born at the Inn in 1869. William Sager acquired it after this, and only operated it until is burned c.1872-73. From childhood discussions with my grandfather, prior to his death in 1949, I was aware of the “murders” well before the discovery of the bones in 1971.[3] Moreover, his version of the couple’s disappearance was very different from the one related here. However, that is perhaps understandable since both versions are based on hearsay.
1. I think I like it - Fake Blood
“Speaking of Apraxia” is the first-ever comprehensive guide exclusively devoted to parents of children with apraxia. It’s 400+ pages cover the diagnosis, how to find help, types of treatment, things to do at home, parent experience, professional insights, and more. You can purchase the book at www.amazon.com, www.woodbinehouse.com, at www.barnesandnoble.com and some Barnes & Noble stores. (if you don’t see it on the shelf, just ask!).
In honor of Earth Day, over the next 7 weeks, Shaklee will be offering everyone a world of savings, some great ways to make an impact for the planet, and a nice way to make a healthy living too.
still flirts in the shadow
Of course the church is none of these things.
to reach the highest high,
1 rocks
I'm pretty sure I was way more entertained by these than I should've been, my friends. It was clear when I gave the sales lady at Old Navy my 4 bucks (yea, $4!) for them that they were my first pair of super hero pj's.
*Lake being a guy who should earn some sorta comic strip award for not only portraying Dagwood from the thirties through the fifties but also starring as the proto-ARCHIE comic strip character HAROLD TEEN during the silent era!
2 typically
“Yeah! thanks a bunch heard it all before”
Package C: 8am Sat - 3pm Sun $55
He lived a few hours away from my place, so that was easier said than done. Long live modern communication! A time of hours and hours of daily online chatting started. He would come over to visit and we overall had a great time. Despite the distance, everything was wonderful! And then he announced that he had to go back to India for a few weeks…
I haven't counted today for yes or no yet, but I'm going to get on that soon. Dresden tied up my morning.
The reality is, as human beings, we lie. We lie to others, but we also lie to ourselves. It is a rare person, who, when faced with the crumbling of an intimate and valued relationship, can admit that they are emotionally unavailable. This is even harder to admit if the person desires to be part of a couple rather than walking the solitary road of post-divorce singledom. These people want so desperately to be involved with another human being that they ignore the healing process that should occur after a big breakup. I’m afraid, back in the day, I may have been one of these types.
She walked in shadow life, appearances deceitful, a smiling face
Dill, Chive, Yogurt and Sour Cream Sauce, Almond and Chive Extra Virgin Olive Oil
“The media, both print and electronic, have been playing an important role in shaping and sustaining Indian democracy,” senior counsel P.P. Rao, appearing for the PCI, told a five-judge Constitution Bench headed by Chief Justice S.H. Kapadia. “The scheme of the Press Council Act itself shows that the intention of Parliament is to allow self-regulation by the media as far as possible. While the print media is within the purview of the Press Council Act, the electronic media is not. Therefore, it is desirable to lay down guidelines for both the print and electronic media to follow in reporting court proceedings, rather than making statutory rules.”
I am frequently tempted to help others. But life has taught me that this is of no use. The only person I can help is myself.
09. A Postcard to Nina
Elvira - The Mistress of the Dark
To understand why, consider that operating system files are among the most trusted ones on the computer, and they generally run with system-level privileges. That is, they can do absolutely anything. Among other things, they’re trusted to manage user accounts, handle password changes, and enforce the rules governing who can do what on the computer. If a bad guy can change them, the now-untrustworthy files will do his bidding, and there’s no limit to what he can do. He can steal passwords, make himself an administrator on the computer, or add entirely new functions to the operating system. To prevent this type of attack, make sure that the system files (and the registry, for that matter) are well protected. (The security checklists on the Microsoft Security website will help you do this).
Emma grew up and married a Timmerman (there is my Dutch root).
Swear this one will be short! In short, don’t be an uneducated twit. Research your candidate IN DEPTH and don’t make a snap decision on whom to vote for. There’s nothing inherently wrong with voting along strict party lines – so long as the party you choose continuously meets the needs you need meeting.
INT. WAREHOUSE - CONTINUOUS
*Wash wearable clothes, as I now have nowt that I could go visiting in.
Extinguish once suffocated
to the idea of The Grid
1. Unattached to Outcomes
REPORTER: Angle?
Well, spin it might be, but I’d be happy to see him desert the sinking ship that is the mighty Tottenham Hotspur. Just before ‘Arry goes I suspect (so he can ‘benefit’ from the transfer fee! Ooooh, see what I did there?)
This 327-card set was released in January, 2007 every player in the set was qualified to be a Topps Rookie Card in 2006. A few players were issued with either their team's current logo or the logo that team used in 1952. In addition, a few cards were short printed and those cards were inserted into packs at a stated rate of one in five.
the entire season, and has represented his team and school in an exemplary fashion. Lacking both the height and the bulk to be a
Whatever momentum GANA may have lost over the past 18 months, the centrist PDC and conservative PCN – El Salvador’s oldest parties – have lost even more. In fact, neither party will be allowed to even participate in the upcoming election thanks to a late November ruling by the Sala de lo Constitucional of El Salvador’s Corte Suprema de Justicia (CSJ).
Pay particular attention: These proteases comprise nearly one-third of all known proteases and play major roles in synaptic plasticity, learning, memory, neuroprotection, wound healing, cell signaling, inflammation, blood coagulation, and protein processing.
And all this to deliver the benefits of a more equal society ... which are wholly unproven once Snowdon pulls apart the cherry-picking, statistical contortions, and occasional outright fantasy exhibited in The Spirit Level.
The "Liberalism" he refers to here would of course be called "Neo-liberalism" today -- the politics of Margaret Thatcher and Ronald Reagan. Mussolini opposed such politics and so do Leftists today.
15. If you could go anywhere in the world on vacation, where would you go? Portugal or Greece
Then again, a lot of the lists I’ve seen contain Don Quixote AND at least one of Dickens’s works.
I served this up using rounds to make elegant heaps of the rice and the greens. It looked rather lovely and I can imagine that this will go down storm when serving to guests! I won’t tell them that the meal took me around 15 minutes from start to finish (it cooks itself!!).
Yesterday the sun wasn’t quite shining yet when I sleepily sipped a Chai and waited for a ride to the set of Allen Otto’s short, Necrophallic Love… We drove out to a lush woodsy river bend where the team had built a spectacular magic dream camp!!
black Sienna space bus
Bill: "Ah, and flower power. That was big back in that nebulous vague period of time we all grew up in."
Want2Scrap: Pearl Swirls White
Laurelwood is building a new site even closer to my house, in the old Sylvia’s. Mike DeKalb showed me plans last year and it looks like it’ll be great.
- hair tie
Eloise at Christmastime ... ABC Family ... 7 AM
Then, just using a glue stick, I glued the year's school photo to each sheet, and filled out all the year's information in the blanks, which ended up making a perfect coversheet for each folder!
Any who, I started school again this summer and it's been fun... I was terrified the first day back, because it's been so long... But, it went better than I could have hoped for. I took World Civilizations and Public Speaking and I'm sure I have an A in both classes! WOO HOO! I'll be in school this Fall as well, I'm taking one 8 week class Art Appreciation, and then Biology and Physics- It's 11 hours, so not a full load but if I'm taking 2 Sciences I want to get A's in both- After the Fall I'll only have 12 hours left!!! WOO HOO AGAIN!
ShelterBox Response Teams (SRTs) have been able to distribute emergency shelter to landslide survivors in hard to reach areas in Peru’s Apurimac region, thanks to ShelterBox’s collaboration with the national Civil Defence Department.
Arilla sits beneath the fateful tree, a small parcel in her arms and glances skywards. She remembers the day the heavens rearranged and familiar constellations danced with unfamiliar light as their world changed. She remembers the day when the two familiar suns became several and the stars descended from the sky. She remembers Archorid slinking into the shadows beneath the stillness of the water as glistening transports blew the surface dust; their downdraft deafening and forcing spiral swirls. She remembers the scream of engines subsiding to an unknown hum as each metallic monster came to rest on
However, all good things come to an end and unfortunately this should have ended by now.
AHHH! I L.O.V.E. that song! Hope you do, too!
When youth athletes watch college-level players, Zigante said, it helps them understand how their game and athletic development will change as they grow older.
The dark power of the declining Fourth World cannot be destroyed or overpowered. It’s too strong and clear for that, and that is the wrong strategy. The dark can only be transformed when confronted with simplicity and open-heartedness. This is what leads to fusion, a key concept for the World of the Fifth Sun.
“That’s interesting Don; I mean that you should bring up a vanishing
"I love my new Tone Ups slippers and sneakers! You haven't steered me wrong yet!!! Maybe Mommy tried to skip in them!!!"Okay, two things. One, my mother recently discovered that she is no longer able to skip. You might wonder, "How on earth does one come to that realization? Does it one day hit you, 'Hey, I haven't skipped in a while... I wonder if I still have it in me?'"
9. Your dream car? Jaguar
My only problem with Code Name Verity is that, perhaps because of its epistolary format (the entire thing has been written down, starting with Verity in prison), sometimes it became too much a narrative and too little actual interaction between characters. As a result, I found it dragged, simply because I was waiting for something to happen, especially in the beginning. My other minor complaint is the very ending of the novel, which is written by a character that hadn't been important at all, and so felt a bit jarring and unnecessary in a way.
The Medion Erazer has a matte (non-reflective) screen with a 1,920 x 1,080 pixel resolution for 1080p gaming or movie watching. The picture is wonderfully crisp but what really impressed was the level of brightness we got.
and try to still my mind
God bless you all.
Day 4 and 5: Worked at the restaurant. One of the most stressful, overwhelming, hectic experiences of my life. Also, I broke a pepper shaker. At the end of my shift on Day 5, I told Vinny thanks a pant load for the opportunity, but that I would be pursuing some office work in the city. Oh yeah, and I made 30 whole dollars!
Without further delay....I shall announce the winner of my 3rd Giveaway to celebrate the Christmas season, which I promise was chosen randomly....
“Hhuh.. whatever Taeyeonnie! I really don’t wanna talk about it.” I said to her while im looking at her with a tired face.
Each TD will get a termination lump sum and over a period of 12 months, they will receive termination payments. This is a form of severance payment for them being voted out on their ears.
How cute are they?
There were many other extremely rude names that cannot be written here.
Range: Special
I thought a lot about designer collaborations and branding and hype. I realised that even though a few of the H&M Marni items appealed to me, I wouldn't want to wear them - at least not now anyway. Maybe in a year when it has been forgotten, but for now I would be uncomfortable knowing my clothes were so recognisable. This might sound incredibly pretentious, but I want my clothing to be anonymous. I was reminded of this post by Yui, one of my favourite bloggers ever (who doesn't seem to be blogging anymore, but I'm sure she is doing amazing things instead, and while I continue to hope for her blogging return I will just re-read her archives):
This approach worked, and as well as keeping the Harveys and Larkins drinkers happy I was able to introduce other customers to the delights of brews from both near and far. Near, included the likes of Westerham and Hog's Back, who's beers I took on a fairly regular basis, whilst beers from further afield were primarily sourced through Beer Seller, now known as Waverley TBS, who offered monthly promotions on a wide range of cask ales from both micro breweries and established regionals.
And the chilly winds were blowin, and the cold was cutting deep.
He cares for me.
The Id Fiend is a large, reptilian psionic predator that resembles a giant gila monster. They especially favor using their Fear and Stun powers to soften up prey before attacking.
and let's just say it ain't purple!!! ( ish )
Welcome back to ABC Challenges!!…Yes we have been away..but we're are now back with a great new team ...exciting challenges and fabulous sponsors…We hope you will all join us again and have some fun…
Five minutes after I took the last picture, all the colour was gone, and now, twenty minutes later, the outside world is dark.
But the main reason I disliked it was that Mom disliked it.
Hummingbird flower mix 4.26.12
She’s also very patriotic about American exceptionalism. She’s had a best-selling “New York Times” book, children’s book, and has really reached out to young people to get them to understand America.
This Spring marked my 12 year anniversary in Los Angeles. I didn’t land the part of Pam on The Office until year 8. I’m hardly an overnight success. Likewise, Rainn Wilson toured the country doing theater and was one of those working but unrecognized actors for over 10 years. Steve Carell had been kicking around for close to 20 years. Most of us on The Office have a story like that. I think that is one of the reasons why we are all so very, very grateful to have landed such a wonderful job. Slow and steady wins the race.
I bring this up not to psychoanalyze a man over 50 years after his death, but to suggest that many of these second-run Midnight stories are not as fun as they should be, and that perhaps this is because the shadows in Jack Cole’s psyche had begun to grow.
The muttering retreats
Indeed, this is what remains of Richmond Palace, home to Edward I (who built a manor house in 1299), Richard II, Henry V, Henry VII (replaced the Manor with a new Palace in 1501), Elisabeth I and Henry VIII, who exchanged it with Cardinal Wolsey for Hampton Court Palace. Not a fair swap you understand. Henry VIII was boiling with jealousy when Cardinal Wolsey built a bigger and better Palace a few miles up river from Richmond Palace, so on Wolsey's fall, he confiscated it and forced him to accept Richmond Palace in exchange. Wikipedia article here.
Mataya Lewcie Skye
What else can I write about on my first First of May? Beltane (spelt in a rich variety of ways) is one of the four great Celtic Festivals, the other three being: Lughnasadh (1st August), Samhain (31st October), and Imbolc (1st February). They are all "cross-quarter days" falling between equinoxes and solstices and each has its own special significance.
Why would we care about the Constitution?
Can you say cranky?
Drain the farro in a fine mesh sieve and place about 1/2 cup on each plate. Top with one leg quarter. Spoon over the sauce with the onions and mushrooms. Serve immediately.
I turned 21 on Failaka Island, (جزيرة فيلكا) a small island off the coast of Kuwait. I was training there before the start of Operation Iraqi Freedom. Instead of going out and drinking beer legally for the first time, some buddies gave me their Skittles from their MREs during lunch. Good friends, good friends.
Compassion is considered a virtue, a measure of moral excellence and a superior trait to have. It is also a word that has been coming up a lot in my conversations and in my careful and thorough attempt for more balance in my life. I naturally have compassion for animals. When it comes to helping an animal, I have a strong desire to reach out and make things right by character. It is inherent, built-in and essential to who I am; however, when it comes to compassion for my fellow human beings I can be rather limited. Sometimes, I have even been considered heartless and this has me searching deeper not only to figure out why but to grasp the concept of becoming compassionate towards others.
Of tired, outstripped Five-Nines that dropped behind.
I chose to start in my bathroom, a small space. I put the lit candle in the window. I threw out all of the Mary Kay inventory (I stopped using it in the 1990s). Actually, I stopped wearing make-up years ago--why support an industry that manipulates women for profit? I tossed all the old make-up. I tossed the ratty towels and stained, ratty washcloths and the harsh chemical cleansers. The unused curling irons--trash. The foot spa--boxed up and in the storage closet (which needed to be cleaned out, too). I ended up with three lawn bags of junk. And I felt good. I scrubbed
Step 4 The Pat. This is the crucial part of a man hug. Separating it from a traditional cuddle. With your left hand, pat your buddy three or four times in the back. This demonstrates you’re still men. You may be affectionate but you can still dish out some pain. If you still feel this is to effeminate for you, think of a light double punch instead of a pat.
I swore I would never write time-travel fiction. I struggle, honestly, to even read time-travel fiction. I tried and failed to read The Time Traveler's Wife, despite some of my most kindred spirits loving it. My dad has a couple of great ideas for time-travel stories. I mean, seriously awesome ideas. Me? I don't even enjoy Back to the Future, the cult classic of all cult classics when it comes to time-travel. Yet, here I am, 25,000 words into a YA/Children's novel in which a magical library travels through time to preserve the written word and to change the lives of two kids who discover it.
Social is interaction. And true empathy.
Duties may include media relations, working on both the print newsletter and e-newsletter, helping to update the website, social media, implementing a communications plan, along with many other important aspects of being part of our dedicated communications team. Experience with HTML coding and social media preferred. Japanese Language ability a plus.
The Loy Kra Thong festival falls on the evening of full moon the 12th month in the Thai traditional calendar, that is 15th December. Traditionally, it is in the honor of water gods by floating krathongs on rivers. Nowadays Thai people not only pay respect to the water god but also express their beautiful wishes, celebrate to conjure evil spirits away and long for good luck. Recently, Thai singles including Thailand girls and Thai men choose this golden time to confess their feeling to their Thai love. If you are dating a Thai girl, take this opportunity to further your relationship and let your girl know your passionate love. The romantic moment will be a forever memory in your minds as well as hers.
You can choose either to make this by hand or by using the breadmaker. I did the easy way, I use the breadmaker to do the kneading. Just follow the instructions below.
Not that I'm superstitious or anything.
Phase 10) Demand foreign “AID” procure only western products
I realized on that drive home how pleasant it is being with Boyfriend. How optimistic he is – I mean, he says that he is ‘jaded’ by relationships, but overall, he is a very positive person. He doesn’t constantly complain about his children or his job or about other people.
I had it easy. I live in a slam-dunk state. But the people who got the word out, who stood in long lines, who live in parts of the country where making this leap of faith is a HUGE deal...
Could you talk a little about your decision to feature a biracial protagonist? How did this aspect of the character manifest to you? What responses has it generated?
There are monsters on our streets.
grilling.
Over thirty writers, a mix of activist and reflective voices, explore the legacy of the 2004 changes to the Australian Marriage Act, which now states—and which must be stated at every wedding—‘marriage is between a man and a woman’.
Some of the well known Pileño families in Pila are: the Rivera’s, the Relova’s, the Noroña’s, the Villarica’s and the Dimaculangan’s.
You can reach Sandi for catering or just empanada ordering ($20/dozen) at TheEmpanadaLady@gmail.com and fan her on Facebook.
Individual provincial results showed that KwaZulu-Natal had the most departments receiving financially unqualified audits with 23, followed by Gauteng with 14 and Eastern Cape 11.
Although reports suggest that Rick Santorum gave a rather aggressive response to the Presidents treatment of the tragedy in Trayvon Martin shooting, the facts are that his response was in line with the Presidents’ and any other parents “There are a lot of people who have very perverted views of reality, and obviously have, as we see, people who do horrible things for seemingly senseless reasons. And I think it’s hard to generalize from one heinous act something that is, trying to make a bigger point out of it. And I think that’s probably what Newt was getting at, and to the president and to everyone that we need to be supportive for the family that’s going through this tragedy.” (Mediaite). In comments on the site Mediate in this article on this post notes: “twitter is exploding with comments about Santorum cursing at an NYT reporter. According to one of Mitt's operatives CBS has video.” (Mediaite Comments) – with Politico reporting Rick Santorum suggesting that a New York Time’s Reporters question was “bullshit” and a distortion of his remarks: “The notion that politicians don't swear is almost as entertaining as the faux shock whenever they do publicly. But, it never goes unnoticed, and it's not exactly common for recent presidential hopefuls.” Frankly, Rick Santorum, given the pounding he has taken from Romney, his being pigeonholed as a one-dimensional religious candidate (and perhaps through his inexperience on the GOP Presidential campaign trail giving some credence to that school of thought) it is amazing that is the only word he has uttered thus far. The language was a far cry from those others have used as far as being “crass”. This one remark should be filed under: “nothing to see move along here”, but chances are that it will make headlines for at least 24 hours – of course, there is competition in that regards.
April 28th: This past weekend, another little CCH guy, Karthik, got admitted to the hospital for water in his lungs and high blood pressure. Pray for him as well, and keep ALLLLL the CCH kids in your prayers that there will be NO more sickness or problems!
The cabinets were NOT suppose to be Baby Blue!!! I'm disappointed with the shade and don't feel the paint matched the sample. However, I am going to live with it for awhile and see if it grows on me. If it doesn't... the doors will come down and I'll paint it over again.
Blake Stimson — Professor, Cinema and Technocultural Studies Association
brings creatures through snares.
Combine butter, honey and sugar in a small saucepan: stir over low heat until smooth and thick.
* car garage
9. Don't brush your hair or put too much tension on it while it is still wet. This will cause breakage. Also, do not wear tight styles such as corn rows for extended periods of time unless you have ethnic hair.
“I’ve been havin’ some fun with this Yorkshire fairy
Singuilt and Sorrow;
Side note; Id been so excited about acquiring chickens (and we plan on getting some more soon) and had told everyone about it. It had been an absolute priority of mine to farm our own eggs (and have real pets above and beyond Gil, the goldfish). However when they arrived, I confessed to Mr J that I had not actually HELD a chicken before and would need to be shown how. He LAUGHED, but gave me a quick tutorial. Fortunately, theyre very tame birds!
Utterly fabulous.
Thank you so much, Joyce, for sharing your tutorial and your inspiration with all of us who love making dolls.
Let's start off with Brandon, it will explain a little bit about our bathroom progress just by checking out this first image:
1. I will procrastinate every chance I get. I will put off til tomorrow what I can do today on a regular basis.
I posted this once already. Check the first post for the links.
Jennie
“Part of her church family,” I twinkled.
of which, is a crime punishable by beheading in Afghanistan .
…a full 36 years prior to the famed Disney version.
Therapist: I saw a note you wrote on your blog about my having an ulterior motive with recommending you write or blog. There are many reasons to write…. it gets it out there, it allows you to process, it gives you something constructive to do, it helps you sort out your thoughts, it is a way of coping, it is an outline for a book, it is outreaching to others who are going through the same, and yes, it is documentation. Please document your conversation with your parents.
A while later, I discovered the book, and her name rang a bell. I was like, “WHOA! I know that chick!” Not that Allison’s a chick, well, she is, but she’s classy, and all that … well, you get the drill.
"69 Blacks died. The official reports states that many were shot in the back. But the journalism have to be brought into question because the bodies photographed had EXIT wounds on their backs where the most blood is shown. Shot in the front, small entry, person runs away and collapses on his stomach, bloody exit wound on his back is photographed by BBC journalists and claim that he was shot in the back... you get the picture. If the police really wanted to commit a “massacre”, they would have shot wildly into the crowd, emptied their magazines and thousands of Blacks would have been killed. The fact that only 69 were killed was a testimony to the discipline and restraint exercised by the policemen. The Sunday night and the Monday morning preceding the “Massacre” the police drove the Blacks back with batons and tear gas, but they still kept coming, at about 13h35 on the Sunday they broke through the gates and their aim was to kill every policeman inside the police station." Quoted from "Mike Smith's Political Commentary: Sharpeville revisited: The Avocado tree at Cato Manor" http://mspoliticalcommentary.blogspot.com/2011/06/sharpeville-revisited-avocado-tree-at.html
Sometimes the path hurts. It’s lonely. It’s full of temptation and stumbling points. But it also gives me a chance to say, “I don’t have what I want in life, but it’s a beautiful day. Be content with that.”
III. Each of us can work hard to accomplish many things.
The writing of Bill Gallagher’s screenplays is some of the best I have ever seen on film. Every episode made me weep (and often Don too). At the end of an hour’s watch, Don and I would look at one another, stunned that an easier and more clichéd line or closing had not been written, and that the writing was so intensely satisfying. Insights are astute and deep. This is not only for women. My husband got annoyed whenever the next DVD was delayed. Directed by Charles Palmer.
If this is not a path to tyranny, it's a sure path to political suicide. Of what use will be the Protected Disclosures Act and Promotion of Access to Information Act if the State will dictate what information to give away and which to sweep under the secrecy rug? How will disclosures be possible if one can later be charged of disclosing classified information? Thus a public interest clause is necessary, in fact, why should state held information not be of public interest? Isn't a democratic state like ours govern on our behalf? Yet they should hide information from us? Democracy is not worth a crown under these circumstances.
I also have to say that I cannot get enough of Brian Cox. I have loved his wide range of roles in Manhunter, The Ring, Super Troopers, X-Men 2, The Bourne Identity, and now, The Bourne Supremacy. He’s a great actor with an abundance of natural charisma and always, at least, a hint of humor. Words just cannot explain how enthralled I am with him. He is tough to keep up with, and if you’re going to be sharing a scene with him, you’d best be on the very top of your game. Considering how great and engaging of an actor he is, I find it surprising that he’s said to not view any of his own work. Whatever the case, Brian Cox is absolute pure gold in my honest opinion.
You keep your winnings.”
It was my birthday this past week, and of course I had to make a cake for myself! For my birthday last year, I made this coffee chiffon charlotte with homemade lady fingers, which was such a fun cake to make because: a) I had been wanting to try making a charlotte, and b) I had never made homemade lady fingers before. But this year, I wanted to make a Hello Kitty cake - I'm sure you all know about my obsession with Hello Kitty by now! So I made a cake covered with lots and lots of Hello Kitty! Here is the sketch of what I had envisioned:
Been wanting to make Jack fruit for sometime..My aunt gave me a jack fruit yesterday..So made this yummy payasam..
I am still experiencing culture shock a year and a half later. I am often stopped where I walk. I am struck still by a brand new experience almost every day, some as tiny as a speck of glitter. But, oh, do they shine. They are made up of elements I've seen before, but each behaves in a way that I am completely unfamiliar with. It's kind of been like being on vacation for a long time (and just as expensive!), save for all the working and chores and washing your own towels stuff.
Once torn away
1 liquor
Made: 1942
Flat12 Half Cycle (IPA)
and our voice may not be heard.
Five months later I received an acceptance letter. I cried for half an hour. All mixed up, happy and scared.
Shaw, P. (2002). Changing conversations in organizations: A complexity approach to change. New York, NY: Routledge.
However, seeing how nice it can be in there inspires me to clean.
Approaching your children on the topic of drugs is intricate. It’s extremely important not to mess this up, or not only will your child try drugs they will grow up to be little crack whores. Don’t be stupid and quote the 80’s slogan “Just Say No!” That’s a crock of S@#* and also why Daddy tried drugs at 12 years old. Be realistic in your approach. Sit your children down and simply say “Look at Daddy, do you really want to grow up and be like this? You know Daddy cries sometimes because he is such a failure and never reached his full potential. You know why Daddy never reached his full potential kids? Marijuana, well not to call it a gateway drug but ultimately heroin.”
Robert Jones, Traffic Court’s administrative judge, conceded many of the reports findings. He said many of the judges had long discussed many of these issues, including their authority to unilaterally dismiss tickets, but with little action until recently. Apparently all 88 court employees could help friends and family with their tickets almost at will. Employees’ access to this computer system to erase tickets and fines has been restricted of late.
You are one hell of a wonderful woman; patient, kind, funny, goofy and opinionated.
“The divergence between Germany and the other economies is here to stay,” said Christoph Rieger, head of interest-rate strategy at Commerzbank AG in Frankfurt. “It provides a structural reason for spreads to stay wider, regardless of what other progress is made on containing the crisis.”
In reality, However, I never can be. I just enjoy watching movies like action, noir, horror and perform cool scenes from those movies when I am alone instead of directly expressing anger. I believe there are lots of girls and boys like me out there. The sound of Mighty Coala is about the feelings of those girls and boys.
2-1 Ringing Beat 5:23
Upon her arrival in Redbud, Kate meets Matt Jarreau, the man hired to renovate the house. Kate can't help being attracted to him, drawn by both his good looks and something else she can't quite put her finger on. He's clearly wounded--hiding from people, from God, and from his past. Yet Kate sets her stubborn heart on bringing him out of the dark and back into the light...whether he likes it or not.
Angry Hands by Manby's Head
Penni said that all the MSM on her juice feast made her nails go from peeling and thin to strong as the other kind of nails. To absorb the MSM optimally, it is best to take it with a citrus juice. That is why everyone seems to take it with lemon water or citrus punch (a mix of orange, grapefruit, and lemon or lime juice.)
Take it easy……you know what I mean.
It’s hard to believe that we have to move on, yet there’s a sort of completeness that fills me as I think about it. I have no doubt that it’s time for the next phase of our lives…and that we’re ready for whatever comes our way — thanks, in large part, to the preparation of this phase.
Weight lifter
Needless to say that was the end of my General Hospital viewing. I developed a distaste for it so great that to this day I can't watch it. That wasn't the only thing that changed that day. Viewing the world the way my kids see it has been fascinating. It's been a blessing and sometimes a curse. I see wonder and beauty and sometimes I see hatred and sadness. I see potential in the simplest things and I see horror in the actions of men. To say that my children have opened my eyes is an understatement.
Two weeks later, we were allowed to return to work. My happy-go-lucky commute was now a three-hour refugee ordeal each way. The trains were dead, the towers were dead, and I was dead inside. My Christmas trees were now tilted like clawed cathedral walls held within a smoldering, heaving crater. My office still had one of the greatest views of the WTC, except it wasn't there anymore. The towers weren't looking over my shoulder as I worked; but for weeks into months, I heard the last layers of subterranean metal and concrete being pounded daily into a gravel which engineers could rebuild from. The wrecking balls worked from dawn to dusk. I watched them and I felt them without escape. My heart broke a second time with the necessary leveling of WTC 5, where Borders hugged the heel of the North Tower. It was another place I would sometimes go before work, when the store was quiet, and I'd poke around the aisles. I loved having the place to myself, the books to the rafters, and the visual fun in September, when the glossy, fine-art calendars arrived for sale.
You also get lower circulation, dropping stock prices and lost credibility.
Why water?
NYX Round Gloss in Ballerina Pink
At first I thought I’d explore this idea through a novel set in 1945, but actually had a much stronger urge to look at my own generation’s iconic street party: the Silver Jubilee of 1977. That was such a year of change in Britain – a cusp year, really, in terms of our relationship with the monarchy, in terms of the way we saw ourselves. Right in the middle of a conservative Buckinghamshire village in this time of great change, I put Satish, one of those remarkable Britons who made their home here after being exiled from Uganda by Idi Amin. So the novel itself is also about the public and private: personal things, like secrets and lies; bigger things, like what it means to be British.
but another beckons
The only prerequisites are that it have a reasonably level place to park our rig, and offers free or nominal admission. We typically plan on spending a couple of hours.
Ann Romney is now saying she had a “health scare” in the days leading up to Super Tuesday. Fortunately she was able to overcome that scare with government issued healthcare and millions of dollars…you know, just like you.
Root.
Here are the $150 covers currently available. Click on them to make them bigger. First come, first serve.
The cynic might ask whether the sudden publicity on the issue, and funds shortage, might be related. And not a few might puzzle (albeit silently, for such things dare not be said in the open) whether saving lives in Africa simply makes for problems elsewhere, through over-population and migration.
“Not all Indians are Hindraf supporters. I hope they will speak up against such illegal protests and dissociate themselves from Hindraf,” he said.
As usual, Gabi prayed with confidence and expectant faith.
Consumer Group Considers Appeal in Case Against McDonald’s
As expected, yesterday Indian prime minister Manmohan Singh pledged an additional $500 million in aid to Afghanistan, bringing India’s total investment in the country to some $2 billion, in a move that “is likely to fuel Pakistani suspicions of Indian meddling in what Islamabad sees as its own backyard” (NYT, Tolo, WSJ, AJE). Singh also said India is “not like the U.S.” when asked by a reporter if India would launch a raid similar to the U.S.’s in Abbottabad (ET).
contests@littledivatutus.com Subject: Cover Model Search. BE SURE to include your child's name, age, as well as your name. BE SURE to use an e-mail address that you check often.
49. One human hair can support 3.5 ounces. That’s about the weight of two full size candy bars, and with hundreds of thousands of hairs on the human head, makes the tale of Rapunzel much more plausible.
Emmanuel Baptist Church, located at 279 Lafayette Avenue, was built in 1887 by Charles Pratt, a devout Baptist. It has one of New York's most spectacular church interiors, a rich mixture of stained glass, wood and elaborate stencil work, but unfortunately they do lot allow photography inside.
Kristen: You suggested colour-blocking first. You win too!
Michelle Renee Bratton, 23, Yonkers, N.Y.
Embellishment: Wild Orchid Craft- flowers, ribbon, charm, cheesecloth
Grated carrot
Despite its proximity to my apartment, I’ve managed to give Dessert Club, Chikalicious a wide berth. I have a habit of bringing home adorable cupcakes the way crazy old ladies scoop up stray animals.
The Knights of Malta is held up by a backbone consisting of nobility. Nearly half of the 10,000 members belong to Europe's oldest and most powerful families. This cements the alliance between the Vatican and the "Black Nobility." The Black Nobility is mostly the rich and powerful of Europe. The head of the Black Nobility is the family that can claim direct descendancy from the last Roman emperor. Maybe now you can see that things are beginning to fall into their proper place.
In "A Dog Day Afternoon," Cameron tells the story of his late dog Carly, who enjoyed rousting him from bed so she could go back to sleep. She begged for bacon. She barked uncontrollably at the neighbor. She took off down the street and delayed Cameron's column writing.
Under the current rules static food vendors can set up anywhere as long as they are not on a specified prohibited street.
My mom found a darling vintage pillowcase apron on Little Birdie Secrets a while ago and mentioned she would like me to make one for her. I kind of forgot for a while and then remembered just in time for Christmas. See theirs HERE, and another tutorial HERE. I will give you a tutorial as well. Here's what you need:
Submarine-launched cruise missiles will seek out targets at a variety of research facilities across Iran.
Happy Mother's Day (inside): Mother's Day Solutions cartridge cut at 2 3/4"
TY: Is your work available for purchase anywhere?
Miraculously, the website did indeed garner over 1 million prayers for Anna.
I have been writing since the 4th grade. So, in some words, yes, I have been writing a long time. I like being able to make up the characters and what they do. They are all my invention. I love being able to do what I want with them.
He better have a clue
3. Floral quilt- no progress
1. First make the salsa verde. Take a food processor & place all the ingredients of the salsa verde in here, equally divided, except the sea salt, black pepper & the olive oil. Blitz until it all comes together & is finely chopped up. Often, scrape down the sides & reblitz. Now, while the motor is running, pour the olive oil in the mix. See picture:
My full-length game, though, was something of...okay, let's not mince words here: a total disaster. While I had high hopes for my Hell on Earth section--a slightly amended version of my Ravenous in Reno scenario--my fellow gamers said otherwise. While I'll spend a good deal more time expanding on the scenario in an upcoming entry, suffice to say that my players did nothing of what they were supposed to....at all. When I introduced the scenario, I told the players that the scenario was somewhat based on the timeless western The Magnificent Seven. However, in actuality? It turned out more like Monty Python and the Holy Grail. Luckily, it seemed like everyone had fun, which is what counted. And, truth be told, the group really did go out with a bang!
(1) Case No. 92-C-1781
1/2 tsp salt.
played was so beautiful, it became a question of finding
You can do it on your own – or with anyone!
Tyson, the former Forward/ Center out of Central Oklahoma, was a ferocious shot blocker in college and the pros with a knockout jump shot. Known for his defensive prowess, he led every league in the blocked shot category. With the Orlando Magic in 94-95, Toronto in 95-96, and as Globetrotter in 99, he entertained arenas around each league with his high energy style of play. With the USBL, the CBA, and the ABA he gained additional playing experience and that grew into his first assistant coaching position in 08.
Today, the 3rd May, is publication day for Teri Terry's debut novel, SLATED!
At his father's urging, Skip began to record his experience. He started a blog.
During World War II, NORTH CAROLINA participated in every major naval offensive in the Pacific area of operations and earned 15 battle stars. In the Battle of the Eastern Solomon’s in August of 1942, the Battleship’s anti-aircraft barrage helped save the carrier ENTERPRISE, thereby establishing the primary role of the fast battleship as protector of aircraft carriers. One of her Kingfisher pilots performed heroically during the strike on Truk when he rescued ten downed Navy aviators on 30 April 1944. In all, NORTH CAROLINA carried out nine shore bombardments, sank an enemy troopship, destroyed at least 24 enemy aircraft, and assisted in shooting down many more. Her anti-aircraft guns helped halt or frustrate scores of attacks on aircraft carriers. She steamed over 300,000 miles. Although Japanese radio announcements claimed six times that NORTH CAROLINA had been sunk, she survived many close calls and near misses with one hit when a Japanese torpedo slammed into the Battleship’s hull on 15 September 1942. A quick response on the part of the crew allowed the mighty ship to keep up with the fleet. By war’s end, the Ship lost only ten men in action and had 67 wounded.
I blow into a wedge between the glass and the mat to see if I can dislodge the hair, but now all I've done is fog up the glass. And now there's dust in there too.
Step #6: Next, with right sides together pin the remaining 22" X 6 1/2" fabric to the holder, carefully aligning the edges. You may want to temporarily tape or pin the free ends of the ribbon to keep them out of the seamlines.
I looked towards Anita’s
San Francisco, CA. 94109
It's that time of year when folks venture up ladders and out onto their roofs, putting up christmas lights and other holiday decorations. My own house is lit up such that it is probably not visible from space, but could serve as a beacon for passing aircraft. (Energy-efficient LEDs, of course.)
And what about the 22 children he is said to have fathered over the course of his life? Should I include them, too?
Her father had entered her room last night when she was crying. The moment she saw him, she started crying all the more. Her father knew that asking her about the reason wouldn’t be of any help, so he said nothing. He just held her and let her cry. No doubt he was worried, but he didn’t ask her anything at that time.
Big Trouble in Little China
...well dear friends you have done it again... I am always so touched by your entries and the fact that so many of you take the time to really play along and immerse yourself in the challenge... I also have such a large proportion of virgins this month too, which is just so lovely... oh and don't forget to blame choclette for the number 17...
So here's the end result, waiting for me to make some bright colourful things to decorate the walls. I'm thinking crochet flowers for a start and some of the finished cross stitch that I had no room to hang...... oooooh Vin Diesel! I still have to frame him and that would be perfect! Just found him on my blog post HERE so you can see him in all his glory :-) Embarrassing that I finished him in February last year and still he's not framed though, hadn't realised it was that long ago!
People sometimes ask about the practicalities of writing for different age-groups. Is it difficult? Confusing? Does it require a major switch of focus, or a preparatory period of immersion in picture-books or adult fiction? I’m not really aware of any great difference in approach. Writing is writing, and once I have an idea, it’s the story itself and the characters whose heads I’m inhabiting that determine how the story will develop, the pace, the language, the length. What I can’t do, though, is have two or three projects on the go at the same time. It’s essential to feel that I’m living in whatever story it is, so that my mind works away at it while I’m doing other things, like swimming or gardening, or even sleeping..
Monday:Drawing Fundamentals/Rita Pacheco
· Research the area/country you are moving too. For example in Ireland almost all schools are Catholic, so my kids had to basically get baptised/confirmed as Catholics before they were readily accepted (my wife and I are Protestant so you can imagine the hoops we had to jump through – like a bunch of trained seals I tell you).
She asked people in the packed courtroom to put themselves in her place.
From South Africa Sucks
The return was with Cockles, Captain English and Hadedar. A relatively brief visit but all the same as I type my head is pulsating with every tap. Let's just say it's like being a kid in a sweet shop, albeit an
Cast in the classic Lucky Lab industrial style, it has more than a little of the Alberta/Mississippi aesthetic to make it unique. The drinking/dining space wraps around a tiny brewery that's visible beyond the attractive bar. There's a patio out back (covered with a sheet of translucent corrugated plastic), with a big beer mural; the walls inside have local art dotting them. The space feels like it's been there forever--it is comfortable and inviting and has a lived-in quality. And, as if to highlight the ethos of the place, directly in front of the bar is a pool table; on the afternoon we visited, it attracted the kinds of kids Pabst had previously attracted. One for the good guys!
Side note: I might be joking about the coke.
Well anyway, lately I can write and watch TV, but am having trouble reading. I just can't concentrate. So sorry I haven't been around too much. Hope you understand.
Bing Crosby was arguably one of the most famous performers Hollywood has ever known. Mainly known for his soothing baritone voice, he was also a talented actor, comedian and one of the most respected men in the entertainment business.
Do you have any simple ideas to make birthdays fun and more than just another day?
Or maybe it’s all just that I have no heart.
I’ll be careful. And I’ll take the hiking poles with me.
It would take –dare I say it?
but you can't cure my love making
In course of time, I visited the Military Hospital, a place chiefly distinguished by the absence of everything that goes to make a hospital--cleanliness, comfort, nurses. In the dreary shed which goes by that name patients and attendants were represented by a man lying on the earthen floor, suffering from a broken leg, and a negress smoking a pipe on an upturned tub by the doorway.
David J. Reimer, Sr. (2011)
But, dammit, these New Apostolic Reformation people scare the pants off of me!
This Turkey Lady decided it was time for her beauty bath. Uh, she kind of needs it.
A mysterious, glowing figure photographed on a lonely staircase - shaken witnesses say this spectral form doesn't look half as alluring up close.
Eloise is strong as she was disowned by her own family and made her way in the world by working as a chaperone and governess so when she receives Drake's offer of a different life she is unsure as what to do. She feels deeply for Drake but worried that he will tire of her and then what will happen to her.
For the last few days, I should say weeks we have had all sorts of great game fish all over the bay and the islands but getting them to take a bait was impossible. Its not hard to imagine that with the amount of ¨Whale Food¨ in the water, which happens to be these thumb nail sized Sardines which they are loving to death right now….
So, er, I haven’t fallen off the face of the planet as this blog and my lack of an updated shop may suggest. I had a period of feeling sorry for myself because I have trouble 1. executing what’s in my head 2. creating works as good as those I admire.
Success is NEVER final, failure is NEVER fatal. It's courage that counts. (John Wooden)
When I think of this woman’s faith, I’m humbled and challenged. Do I feel entitled to something big? Will I accept the small miracles of daily grace that come my way? How faithful am I about telling my story? Do others see Jesus in me? I want to feel close enough in my relationship with God that what other might see is imputance, God will interpret as holy boldness.
slabs of sheet metal
8.My nickname in high school was "French Hussy" Why? Because I got cast as that character in a musical my junior year (actually, the name of the character was Lady Mabelle, but that was essentially the role). The year after that, in a totally different musical, I got cast as a similar character....apparently I was really good at that? (and for those of you that don't know me well, I was TOTALLY the opposite in real life....my husband was my first kiss...)
I’m Sorry You Feel That Way- Diana Joseph
These pieces will be posted in my new webstore this morning before I jet off to visit my Momma for the weekend. Hope you all have a wonderful Mother's day! Be sure to check in tomorrow to see what I created for the Button Swap and Blog Hop!
The good news is I didn't bite. I didn't dial that last number and I didn't have to subject myself to the Jeckyl and Hyde that is Mr. Asshat. I didn't need to put myself in the situation where I had to talk to someone who I knew would be all sweet and mired in bullshit one moment and backstabbing you the next. I'd seen it before and I'm not going back.
Get called a lot worse than that. Chicken. I eat fucking chicken.
the squeaks. I want some new oiled gear.
at Asinayo, the local asian
We all, with unveiled face, beholding as in a mirror the glory of the Lord, are being transformed into the same image from glory to glory, just as from the Lord, the Spirit (2 Corinthians 3:18).
Here are a few more angles:
Also shared and and my proudest book moment yet, Anne Rooney's The Story of Physics, IN WHICH I GET AN ACKNOWLEDGMENT! Yes, your eyes do not deceive you. An acknowledgment in a Physics book, when I have not had one Physics lesson in my life. Admittedly it was more for general encouragement than science but I glow with pride every time I look at it. And of course I shall read it and then know some Physics.
I’d met Gabi, Marina, and Carmen at Arte Publico and had worked with them on another project, a bilingual mystery series about a boy detective named Mickey Rangel (my very own Encyclopedia Brownskin) and thought I’d give the manuscript at least one more shot. Dr. Kanellos (Nick Kanellos) contacted me about wanting to acquire the book. And now I’m getting nothing but rave reviews from Kirkus, Booklist, and ForeWord. I knew there was a reason to keep fighting for this book, why it’s my favorite of all my titles.
8. Pathogen
For the sentiment I used a Florileges stamp and then I cute every single letter.
When you’re grateful you put your own life into perspective, you drown out the irrelevance of this world and you begin to realise just how fortunate you are. You have a roof over your head, you have food in your belly, you have money in the bank and you have friends and family. Now I am not saying that is universal for all of you BUT what ever is your circumstance I GUARENTEE there is something in your life you can be appreciative of. If you say there isn’t then I say you don’t deserve happiness – harsh but true.
I am curious to see this beer right out of the bottle and not on tap at their brew pub... PS, this beer goes perfectly with their pork belly burger with jalapeño and candied yellow tomatoes... If your in portland, pair the two, its worth it... Trust me.
Tues: 8:45-9:15 -dog jog. I have 2 dogs and take them separately.
“In the neighbourhood we (Muslims) used to tell them (Hindus) to tell us if anyone gave them trouble and we would deal with it,” Usman said, his voice expanding even as he lamented, “and look what it has come to now (suspicion against his whole community). Every one of us is now lumped with the terrorists!”
The dark, scruffy haired man shoved the stack of hundreds towards me. Now you will have to follow carefully what happens next because I have only been able to piece it together after a few revisions.
This is an amazing beer, period. Constructed and executed with the skill and art of true artisan brewer. One of the finest and well made American Belgian beers I've ever tasted.
2pm-2 scoops whey protein+water and almonds (bought small bag of regular ol’ whey at GNC nearby along with a shaker cup)
The winner is (I don't know how to put the graphic in so I just copied the text, argh!)...
Yes, another non-scrapbook related post. But I promise we will get back to Smash Book pages tomorrow. I tend to do a weeks worth of projects and stuff over the weekend, and sometimes during the week, so I have content for the upcoming weeks. But sometimes I fall behind if I have a busy week or weekend, like if I'm out of town or something.
I mean, to know your mom is the one who pretty much started Gyaru.
This post is brought to you by the new and exciting Raleigh Roughriders of the Continental Basketball League.
I don’t always: think positively
is almost completely healed.
did the roofers reshingling our house just see me do that...???!!"
We have fallen in love with mint!
But it ran too long
Enjoy your week, everyone!
You can also try the following remedies:
Yesterday the hospital hosted a Pajama Party in the Atrium. Babygirl made a fleece pillow, and a friendship bracelet (I made one too!). She's been up and about, not happy about wearing a mask when off the floor, but adjusting. The prednisone is not making her cranky, but she is HYPER and she's eating about six meals a day. Breakfast today was: a bacon/cheese omelet, chocolate chip pancakes, cinnamon-raisin bagel with cream cheese, apple juice, coffee and a popsicle. Since then we have been to the coffee shop for a muffin and more coffee. And we will order lunch in about a minute.
“It was nothing you could put your finger on, you just knew. Ferne was a great trader, not a horse trader like Starr where something would be missing, or the thing you bought just wasn’t in good condition, and she never seemed to do anything for cash. She was a New York Jew and though she was fat, she was very feminine. She knew how a big person should dress, colorful skirts and a blouse that would show her cleavage. She had a great cleavage.”
I could imagine either of these songs on their Cd's.
The truth is, at this moment, I’d rather go to bed. I’ve had a hard, tiring week. Even though my university classes are finished and the last of my homework is finally done, I had a lot of “catch up” this week, doing all the things I have been putting off for the last two months to get school stuff done. This week, the physical and mental stress of my seven-days-a-week, full-steam-ahead life these last two months finally got the better of me. Once the stress and strain was removed, I felt physically unwell, so I loafed around a lot this week when I wasn’t playing catch up.
To acknowledge the support that the mall received in the year, Royal Meenakshi mall has lined up events including music performances, a fashion show by a city choreographer and online contests to ring in the first anniversary celebrations. The winners of the online contest will get to cut the cake along with the director of the Royal Meenakshi Mall on its anniversary day.
1. Buy a chocolate ice cream cone and put it in the glove compartment.Leave it there.
07 Precious Stone
Any future events planned?
Take up an artistic hobby. That is writing a book, paint, write poetry etc.
I CANNOT.
Last month Hammond told Jonathan Ross in his first TV interview that he had no memory of two weeks of his life after the incident.
The recipe below is a BBC one which is great. I have tweaked it to include the vege garnishes…
There are two parts to my weight problem, the physical and the mental. The physical part is that I now find myself addicted to sugar, salt and fat. I constantly crave these things. I now find myself so dependent on them that I have ridiculous mood swings and cravings if I don’t get my fix. The physical part will be a difficult battle but it is one I know I can win. The problem is there is no point in even starting that battle until I have conquered the mental part.
I felt the presence move away and slowly i was able to open my eyes. The sight before me took my breath away.
The shortlist for this year’s Man Booker Prize has just been announced with the betting favourite Hilary Mantel included in the six selected books. Never without its surprises, Colm Toibin and William Trevor have not made it into the final selection.
John Leguizamo ... SID
Pathetic and petty doctrinal differences between the SWP and these alternatives are of course stressed. (Indeed I once heard once that Martin Smith punched a fellow leftist in the gut because he misinterpreted a single sentence in an obscure early work by Trotsky. Then again, it doesn’t take much to make a violent man, such as Martin Smith, violent. In fact, if Smiffy wasn’t a Trot, he’d be, well, a Nazi… or an Islamist!)
2nd and 3rd are a card set for boys using the same Life of the Party Birthday set. The ice cream cone is just too cute so I have to make another card with it. Might be more coming in the future.
‘Don’t blame the government’
14. The Young Fresh Fellows - Go, Blue Angels, Go
That said, the book winds up satisfactorily with the end of the first part of the quest and leaves me hunting for the next in the series.
Ft. Nelson – Northernmost point on the BC Railway line.
Whoops….addition here: I forgot to add this information to this Pocket Perspectives post (but I did remember it on Reflections from a Friend) Those who are nominated are encouraged to pass along this award to 5 other blogs that they read and value… and to go to each blog to let those bloggers know that they received the award. Thank you to all of you for making such a special contribution to the blogging world….thank you, Kathy
“Not failure, but low aim, is crime.” (James Russell Lowell)
The online Master's degree has developed greatly since the mid of 90s that even top notch universities offer them like MIT and Harvard Business School. You can expect challenges in the provided instructional programs that anyone involved in the online degrees can achieve within the confines of their homes.
He told me to wait a moment and I was left standing alone in this unfamiliar territory. I waited there for what seemed like minutes but might have been just a few seconds. There was just the faintest scent of his body to convince me he was still somewhere close, but I felt nervous and vulnerable. “Where are you?” I called out, my own voice sounding foreign and unfamiliar in the void.
That never stayed………..
**You can use whichever part of the celery, but the innermost heart stalks are the ones I noticed people don’t eat raw, and thus perfect to use in soups.
Half a bottle of gin, cheap stuff is fine. What you do with the other half is up to you.
Now to get to the exciting bit. I have a book (a gift from a sister with a sense of humor) entitled, “In Your Dreams: The Ultimate Dream Dictionary” by Mary Summer Rain. I intend no offense to Ms. Summer Rain, author of over 20 books, when I write that I laughed like Woody Woodpecker when I opened my birthday package and read the title. But oh, the dividends! Every bad dream, every ominous object, every scenario and detail no matter how mundane with a definable meaning. Sort of.
The terrorist attacks have been launched at a time when international monitors are getting down to work in Syria. The 54-year old Norwegian General Robert Mood arrived in Syria yesterday to lead the group of UN monitors in the Arab country. The General is seasoned in carrying out peacekeeping operations, including in the Middle East. He specifically formed part of the UN Interim Force in Lebanon in the late 1980s.
Tales to Astonish #79 – signed by Gene Colan – winner (kpedd)
For whom the bell tolls,..."
some random photos of me:
My first attempt was not as fluffy, just like ordinary avocado milk shake. But my 2nd attempt was fluffy.
I had planned to paint it, but I wanted to live with it for awhile, and I’m so glad I did. Whenever I hesitate for, oh…six months or so – I know there’s something not quite right. ;)
Here is an example of how I arrange things within the folders that contain collections i.e. Forever Friends Black and Gold which has papers, images, sentiments, mats I've cut for matting and layering, plus I've put a selection of ribbons that will match the collection so that when I want to make a card from that collection - everything is together. I have other wallets that are arranged the same, such as Funky Hand which contains the papers then if they've got them, digi images I've printed out.
Stamp - Noah and patches - Sassy Cheryl's
A Map of the Floating City
Right after 9/11 flags were everywhere and artists all over the country were doing their take on Old Glory. I thought about it for a couple of days, but then decided...."nah...I'm just not gonna go there." Everyone was doing something with the flag and I just didn't want to do what everyone was doing. Problem was in those couple of days I had gotten an idea...an idea that just wouldn't let me go...and it involved a flag. I had asked myself what would I do if I did a flag tribute that would honor the flag, but honor the spirit of the women that were the heart of my work...and where I could stay true to my signature style. I remember imagining 50 women for the 50 stars and wondering if I could do it in a way where the images wouldn't be too small. Only way to do that was to make the flag pretty good size. "Nah...I'm just not gonna go there." Or so I thought.
I was so happy leaving work yesterday that I knew I was smiling from ear to ear. I got home and there was a big package sitting on my porch. The part-time sales rep at my company told me she ordered us a gift and it was being shipped today. I figured it just came early. I opened it and read the card. It was from one of my clients. How nice is that? I couldn't believe it! It was so thoughtful of her.
Quoting renowned Archaeologist, Syed Abdul Qudoos, Prof Ehsan said ‘Peshawar is a true metropolis of orient and the legendry city has many secrets to share.’
“Sometimes you wake up in the morning and you just know it’s gonna be the kind of day where you end up tied to a chair in a filthy garage while a pair of tooth-deprived lunatics torment you with a chainsaw. So as I struggled against the ropes, I can’t say I was all that surprised.”
This outfit, of course, is not so everyday--at least not for me, not with those pants. But the jacket! I'm in love with the idea of tuxedo jackets, have been for months now, and this shows me why.
On the next day, 16 April 2008, everyone got on the city tour. It costed $10 per person. Our first destination was the War Remnant museum, where there is a historical collection from the Vietnam war. On a half way to the museum we stopped by to take picture at the city hall. The city hall was surrounded by St. Mary Catholic church, the oldest church in HCMC, the Central Post Office and the Jamiul Muslimin mosque. At the main office we saw the collection of telecommunication devices from the first world war era. Here we could buy souvenirs which is much cheaper than the price on souvenir shops we visited last night. This had caused everyone madly spent more time to choose and buy some more souvenirs until being screamed by the tour guide to get back on the bus.
Rather, they acculturate them to militant identity politics aimed at doing away with merit. Dissolving the American people and electing another, to paraphrase Bertolt Brecht, will likely erode American institutions further, and may well replicate on American soil the terrifying conflicts that mar the Third World. Ever the source of deafening demagoguery about the virtues of democracy, American leaders might wish to consider that, “Severely divided societies are short on community,” and “community is a prerequisite for majority rule.”
I posted my Crafty Christmas list over at the Crafty Christmas blog! If you've clicked over here from Facebook and are a close friend or family member, do not click the following link!! You'll spoil the surprise!
so I can get the angle right, to handle all kinds
Also, the ending of the novel – which should explain the reasons for what characters go through – just didn’t explain anything, in my opinion. I truly didn’t understand why ‘Peter’ and the others had to do what they did, since there’s no explanation for it.
Just think – when we pray to God in the agony of despair
1 lb Caramel 60
If speed actually made things interesting and fun, more people than simply the clinically retarded Southerners with those ridiculous accents would be a fan of the “sport” of auto racing. People would care about track and field more than once every four years at the Summer Olympics. Commercial flights would be promoted more like night clubs rather than an exercise in masochism. The term “premature ejaculation” would not exist in the lexicon.
The ones that I can’t stand are the people who (and I see this multiple times a day) go into the store with food stamps and buy $100 worth of junk food. Chips. Cookies. Cokes. Candy. Snack cakes. You name it, they buy it. And, being me, I find it extremely difficult to hold my thoughts in. But, I do. Because saying something would cause a scene, and causing a scene would make me lose my job. And if I want to study abroad and stay in college, I need my job.
That’s it for me today! I will try to post some newsies while I’m away and I have some projects next week for the newest Gina K release too—so stop on by. Otherwise you can follow along with my trip on Facebook & Twitter LOL! Have a great weekend!
Then I had to watch for that guy's talon-like fingers.
(18) ZAO TSARSKOYE SELO GOLF CLUB STPETERSBURG
Some sceptics believe that there must be a catch somewhere. To them, the fact that an issuer is prepared to offer such an attractive coupon payout is simply too good to be true.
Than all those 4711s
genuine in many parts of the world, particularly in the Middle East
60g icing sugar
Troll Fell was originally written as a stand-alone. I didn’t know if it would even find a publisher, so there was no point in daydreaming about a trilogy! Then, when HarperCollins asked me for a sequel – and a third after that – I discovered myself writing a trilogy after all. And the books got darker and stronger as I went along. There were threads running through all three – the same characters, obviously, though I added new ones in each book as Peer and Hilde grew older and had more adventures – but also threads of self-discovery, and the longing to travel far away to distant lands. And – of course – romance. It was clear to me even in the first book that Peer was going to fall in love with Hilde. It was a lot less clear that she would feel the same way about him. Indeed, even in Book 1, there’s a handsome fisherman, Arne, who is an obvious rival for Hilde’s affections. The path of true love never did run smooth, and Peer and Hilde have an awful lot to face, and to discover about themselves and others, before they really come to know their own hearts. How lucky I was to be able to follow them for three whole books and discover what happens….
2. I was in Anthropologie the other night (can you say trouble?) and picked up this shirt. Yep, it's orange bicycles. Love it and it's much more fun that my other button-ups I wear to work. And in full disclosure, Justin picked this shirt out. Anthro always has things in random places and Justin saw this and pointed it out to me. He's a keeper.
The radicals are experts at controlling women. They've been dominating their own women for decades. To say that the Left is a safe harbor for women is to misunderstand their roots.
My family considers me an extrovert, because in high school I always asked to hang out with my friends, which would annoy them, for reasons that I won’t get into here.
"You don't get to go over budget on these," says Pesce.
returning to his weathered face, his moist eyes.
Triple-A: Omaha Storm Chasers, 17-8 First in Pacific Coast League North Division by 6.5 games over Memphis Redbirds
Advertising Age provided a snapshot of last week’s 4A’s conference in Los Angeles, including the following excerpt:
Only the beautiful people quote “Don’t cut off your nose to spite your face.” They claim to rather have inner beauty and peace rather than the prison of beauty. Bullshit!
When I called the recommended places then were $100-200 cheaper!
No amount of U.S. drilling or efficiency measures will change that. The cartel’s financial needs will drive it to respond to counter moves by its clients: When we drill more oil at home, OPEC can drill less to return to a tight supply-demand relationship. When we use less, OPEC can drill less.
“My daughter was a pure Minestrone! I don’t know who you are!”
we are so happy to have you join us.
schedule at school—not to mention work alongside her mother—I had to make this
PSYCHIC TV – GODSTAR (CALIFORNIA MIX)
The creation of a right to data portability also raises the complex issue of whether a data subject has a property interest in his or her personal data. Economists are divided on this controversial issue, and the Commission’s proposal goes too far down the road of recognizing a property right in personal data, where none has heretofore been recognized.
6 Has a doctor or family member ever approached you with concern about your eating habits or weight?
PR
4. Bake cookies together
Amazingly it stopped raining on Tuesday and California suffered a 5 year drought.
But in order to do this you need to be self-aware in the moment, to catch yourself getting tugged around by emotions from your previous trade(s). Realize that each and every trade you take is wholly independent of any previous trades you took….whether it was a win or a loss.
Automoto365.com – Singapore Tech Desk
He said the British ambassador to Berlin had handed a final note to the German government this morning saying unless it announced plans to withdraw from Poland by 1100, a state of war would exist between the two countries. Mr Chamberlain continued: “I have to tell you now that no such undertaking has been received and consequently this country is at war with Germany.”
We went to Southwold yesterday as a family. When we were walking along the Prom, I spotted 4 little black shapes bobbing about in the sea - oh seals thought I - wrong - surfers;
Alton Brown Food Network, 2007
Today I made a pound cake. I have not tasted that yet, but am waiting for Andy to come home-he has been to see his Mum this weekend. I also discovered a delicious brand of chai tea. I love Starbuck's chai tea latte, and have been searching for a teabag that tastes like it. All the types I have tried have been disappointing, until this weekend when I discovered Natco's.
2:30pm, I was still not really feeling painful contractions. They were manageable and slow and mostly I was hungry and bored. My nurse talked about breaking my water at 4:30pm if we were still stuck in the same holding pattern, and we geared up for that as the next big step. Right around 4:15 pm, there was a BIG jump in contraction pain. Suddenly I was sitting up and taking notice, and beginning to realize I'd need to start managing the pain. I texted my birth photographer and told her things might finally be picking up. My Pitocin was at a 10-- pretty average middle-point. Meanwhile, the nurse came in and broke my water at about 4:20, and what had already started rolling came rolling faster. My photographer Jodie arrived around 4:40 and I was definitely breathing though the pain at that point. My primary pain management was to listen to a playlist of music made by a friend for HER birth, through my earbuds, and time the contractions and the pauses. By the time Jodie came to the room, my contractions had started coming closer and closer together. They seemed to be about 50-second long waves of pain, then a minute to three minutes of breathing space, then another 50-second wave of pain.
Inov-8 gaiters
Ah, the government, encouraging illegal immigration and obesity in one fell swoop. But hey, ban trans fats, because that's a lot easier than acknowledging where the real problems come from.
What’s next? Possibly hoping that James Hataway will attempt to get some sort deal in order to get a lesser sentence.
Be Well.
Besides all of the effort that I’m putting in, all that I can do is hope and pray.
I am the master of my fate:
SVG I made for the house
1/2 tsp pepper
Roache
Girl: Oh my god, adorable lingerie in a size small!
Divos? No, that doesn't sound right. What do you call a male diva?
* Naps
I really feel like I just don't have it together these days. I think the time change isn't helping--I don't seem to have adjusted yet. It's too bad, because I love the longer-lit evenings. Here's where things stand:
Rayanne read the post out loud and I could tell from the twinkle in her eye that she liked it. We decided that I would do the email correspondence and Rayanne would do any talking on the phone. Rayanne is a genius on the phone, btw. One time, I listened to her call up Bed, Bath, and Beyond because she had blown off their delivery time for her order. B,B, & B are sticklers about you not missing your assigned delivery time in New York, so they won’t usually reschedule. But, Rayanne told them she was an 80 year old woman. EVERY time the customer service rep said she couldn’t reschedule it, Rayanne pretended that she didn’t understand in very loud, old person-ease. Her boyfriend and I were on the floor peeing with laughter and, of course, Rayanne got her order rescheduled.
I remember hearing this song on the cassette player (yes!) back in the days in my family home. Somehow this song and the words always keep coming back to me through the years and I find myself singing the words as a declaration of how God wants His children to be.
There will be a question in the Google forms regarding this.
Ordinarily, you would think that would be the end of things, but with Ronan already signed to SYCO, far from it. This was just the start of a two year grooming and manipulation process to prepare Ronan for stardom.
Sounds that brings a certain calmness over me.
You see that video above, yes, click on it. It's only about 5 minutes but the lyrics and the "main character" in the song is truly the reason I'm alive and breathing today, same goes for you, even if you don't want to admit it.
1 listened
I have tried all the research and tried to implement changes but I think what will be the biggest change for us is having someone that is a professional, a doctor in real life, living food nutrition guide us through this process. I have yet to know his food plan, but we got started on mine this morning. My biggest enemies to my health right now are (and in this order):
The man who accused me of sexual racism, went on to express the view that a mother's preference for her own child, over that of another's child had racism at its very roots. The gentleman in question appeared to view a mother's love as reprehensibly lacking in inclusiveness which may seem bizarre to most of us. However, in making that claim, weird as it may seem, he perhaps became closer to telling a truth about racism, or at least what is often condemned as racism, than he, or many of his ilk would ever admit.
Sent c/o Chicago Cubs ST
drwxr-xr-x 4 root root 96 Oct 11 13:13 VRTSvlic
Rep. Walter B. Jones Jr., R-N.C., has introduced a resolution declaring that should the president use offensive military force without authorization of an act of Congress, “it is the sense of Congress” that such an act would be “an impeachable high crime and misdemeanor.”
The film really only focuses on two villains here (Vivica A. Fox and Lucy Liu) and they are both very good at playing these evil roles, especially Liu who I think had her best performance ever in this flick. She plays O-Ren Ishii and is one of those samurai sword waving villains that you always see in the kung-fu movies and seem cheesy as hell but never do you take them as seriously as you take this chick. Liu plays this character very well because she’s very quiet a lot of the times and more or less let’s her killing do the speaking for her. It’s a shame that Liu hasn’t really gotten the right roles after this but I guess that’s what usually happens to you when your biggest blockbuster hit was Charlie’s Angels.
To those in 1/3 of the country who are affected by the latest blizzard, good luck and bundle up. You might want to throw together these muffins and have some after shoveling snow.
Monday: study my little rear off
Accessories - Black wrinkled seam binding (MayArts), Natural Hemp, Black Opaques, lace (fabric store)
★★From Imke★★
東北で被災された皆様、皆様の安全とご健康、津波で被害にあった地域の復興を願っております。皆さんのことを思わない時はありません。世界中の皆さんが応援しています。また、関東地域の方も、停電、交通機関の麻痺で大変なご苦労があるかと思います。一刻も早く現在の状況に明るい兆しがさすことをお祈りしています。
Sidewalk chalk.
Yours, my love, forever.
Maybe it’s just my photojournalism education making me want to “keep it real”, but as usual, I’ve just done a subtle brightening of colors. A fashion show isn’t exactly the place to go mad abusing photoshop actions on your photos. And really, everything was already so exquisite, why mess with perfection?
What's "free of charge"?
No Sanding, No Primer, No Prep
New challenge coming up on March 29th!
My dad has a lot of stories including losing the brakes on the 401 (Canada's busiest highway) and not stopping (pun intended) until the delivery was made. That's some fancy gearbox driving. The brakes failed twice again on the way home, but he fixed them twice again to make it back to Norfolk County.
THE SPEAKERS:
Sorry, I don’t know/don’t remember this romance/comedy/crime movie (rated R). I usually don’t like those films and thin “older” ladies. Though bibs seem quite good and baggy (completely shown in trailer, frontside only). Probably most of my reader will like it (and the other scenes).
5. What is your favorite color?
In this issue, journalist Lisa Walter, who covered the summit events for Our Times, shares the diary of her G20 arrest and detention. We’ll also report on LabourStart’s first-ever global solidarity conference, and Bob Barnetson discusses child labour on Alberta farms. Plus, Our Times’s exciting new series “Working Papers,” by graduates of the Labour College of Canada, begins with Fred Sinclair. And actor Kathleen Laskey, who plays Barbara Strange on the much-loved TV show “Being Erica,” talks about a typical working day on set.
As, we are enjoying our first snow day of the season!
Located near scenic Castle Town, on the grounds of picturesque Lon Lon Ranch, we’ll help you cure your drug problem with the loving support of new friends and our skillful therapists, Talon and Malon.
As the wild landscape surrenders to timber harvests, pasture, agriculture and the needs of society, many of the ceibos are spared. They remain as living monuments to our vanishing rain forests. -Z
29Do not let any unwholesome talk come out of your mouths, but only what is helpful for building others up according to their needs, that it may benefit those who listen. 30And do not grieve the Holy Spirit of God, with whom you were sealed for the day of redemption. 31Get rid of all bitterness, rage and anger, brawling and slander, along with every form of malice. 32Be kind and compassionate to one another, forgiving each other, just as in Christ God forgave you.
“Same thing in Brooklyn,” Brodsky cut in.
Make the most of yourself by fanning the tiny,inner sparks of possibility into flames. ~Golda Meir
INCREDIBLE HULK 9. Honestly? I fucking love this. It seems serene but simultaneously intense. The monochromatic green palette is absolutely hypnotic. The light and water effects, the composition. Everything. LOVE
Yes, you have done well Mr Edgar Wright. Spunk that budget up the wall. Because true success isn’t just measured by arse impressions on cinema seats.
"This is something I did in collaboration with the Plastique totale several lifetimes ago,it is v v rare,and George from the Ukulele of GB just found and sent me, see what you think
We might’ve started our trip as classmates that regularly exercised together some of us for a few years now but when we went on this trip, it really gave us an opportunity to get to know one another. When you spend this much time together, you can’t help but get closer. It also made me realize how special this is.
I love getting book recommendations. I mean face it, I'm a book person, I love to read and I love it when someone emails me or sends me a Tweet to tell me about something new they have just discovered. That being said, there's a big difference between Tweeting about your book release and spamming your book.
Taken February, 15th 2011
But I don’t even regret my stupid suggestion, it is a first idea, what at least admits, that we can’t go on all the time with plastic cards, and buying tickets, if we want to get better.
One unusual piece of exposure journalism was the pamphlet, Facts Behind the Liquor Commission, printed by the Communist Party of Australia at its underground printery which set out to expose capitalism in the shape of the ‘brewery barons’. Written by a journalist (probably Rex Chiplin) who had a racy turn of phrase (‘Bottled beer was as rare as a bankrupt Vice Squad sergeant’) the pamphlet incidentally exposed corruption in the labour movement. It accused the then Governor General, Sir William McKell, of corruption.
The videos include John Hemming MP who pointed out that Parliament can remove judges!
to dance the steps of temper is an exception
See this picture?
Bethylidae
15th November 1974
Sir William Murray of Stanhope (d.c.1690) resided at Broughton in Broughton parish. His second son, Captain James Murray, served the Jacobite cause under James VII and died in exile at the palace of St Germain in France.
She came out with the good news that the nurse said her cervix looked better than expected. Then she got in the car coughing up a storm. I felt her head. It felt cold and clammy though she was complaining of feeling hot. Her arms and legs felt the same way. She had me pull over so she could throw up and mentioned that she had been throwing up about once a day for the last three days. She wanted to cancel her next apt. with the suboxone Dr.
At some point, the most-repeated phrases grew roots. We found ourselves calling them up in so many contexts that we couldn’t help but notice their significance. They started to feel like Rules with a capital R, and we even began calling them that. Naming them Rules felt a little strange for me, but it gave them a value and a shape that made them Real. And I needed them to be real, because it was soon clear that these would be guidelines for good habits for both my husband and me, too.
It was clear to me that the man had had quite a few before I had even sat down, he had that look on his face that screams, “I’ve had more than enough but I can convince the barkeeper that I can take more, so I will,” and indeed he had finished off another couple shots before I had finished nursing my glass. I was surprised that the barkeeper kept feeding him the booze in the state he was in, but the man had the money and so the bar had the drinks.
Cervantes
Thousands of Gallons of Water Being Wasted
In yesterday's post I told you I had some exciting new news to share with you. Well today is the reveal day for the brand new Design Team for The Kraft Journal, the brand new challenge blog from my favorite place to shop for kraft paper goodies, The Kraft Outlet. I'm sure you recognize the name. I've been using a lot of Babette Switzer's fabulous kraft paper products lately. That was her yummy paper on my Krafty Santa card and a bunch of the projects I've made for Papercraft Star including the Graphic 45 Christmas Mini album.
For dinner, we drove to Kahana and ate at Roy's, a popular place located in a shopping plaza. Roy's serves Hawaiian fusion cuisine. We started with drinks and then appetizers of crispy port and shrimp Lumpia and the flying dragon roll (with unagi, butterfish, avocado, macadamia nuts). We were given a bowl of seasoned edamame too. Tony had the seafood collection (Molokai shrimp, scallops, fresh fish, clams, and crab) and I had a white fish with a crab imperial type topping and shiitaki mushrooms, with mashed potatoes and green beans. We ended with their apple tart topped with macadamia nut ice cream and thin dolphin-shaped cookies. This was the best meal of our entire trip! The ingredients were fresh, everything was beautiful prepared, and everything tasted great.
The weekend before Christmas has always been spent with my Mom's side of the family and just recently started spending it with my Dad's father's side. We don't do presents on these two sides, only Grandparents, and the time is spent together eating and playing games.
But progressing from the above, I have, since, seen Mr Sarkosy depart from the offices of French presidency and Mr Hollande arrive to take his place. Heavens knows what will happen to la belle France, I wait with baited breath.
For the Brothers and Sisters
And off she went to the loo.
It was a stepping stone in my life...one of many...that made it easy to help inspire people to be more creative and I am grateful to everyone who was involved in it to make it happen. That book has a lot of good energy about it and that is the reason it is still being discussed and leafed through.
My Spring 2012 Collection went into my shop on Etsy a couple of weeks ago, but what with packing, travel, and jet lag, I am just getting around to telling you about it. My inspiration was a Palm Springs vibe -- statement pieces with lots of color. And white, of course, since white is white-hot at the moment. Any of these pieces will instantly update your wardrobe.
McCombes furnishes the reader with no details on what was involved in this “fight to the finish”. Instead, he is coy in relation to his role in how a major piece of evidence came to be presented in court. This gives us a clue about the said fight to the finish.
Well...
We live in a universe of remarkable creativity that has evolved over some 14 billion years. The goal of Journey of the Universe is to tell the story of cosmic and Earth evolution drawing on the latest scientific knowledge, in a way that makes it profoundly relevant and deeply moving to the viewer. What emerges is an intensely poetic story, which evokes emotions of awe, excitement, fear, joy and belonging.
Simmer for 15 minutes.
Happy Sunday everyone! It's time for another Stampin Sisters in Christ Challenge! This week our challenge hostess is sweet Patti! She has chosen 1 Timothy 4:4 for today's Scripture.
Ink embossed ornaments with Tim Holtz Distress Inks, Evergreen Bough, Festive Berries, and Vintage Photo. Ink embossed areas lightly using a foam applicator, this process will highlight the embossed area. You can also ink the back of the ornaments.
The Kindle editions of these books are now available for sale exclusively in the Kindle Store (www.amazon.com/kindlestore). Kindle offers the largest selection of the most popular books people want to read. The U.S. Kindle Store now has more than 630,000 books, including New Releases and 106 of 110 New York TimesBestsellers. Over 510,000 of these books are $9.99 or less, including 75 New York Times Bestsellers. Over 1.8 million free, out-of-copyright, pre-1923 books are also available to read on Kindle.
As you know, this week was our bloggy friend meet up at the DuPage Children's Museum! I got to meet Maegan and Melissa and their precious little guys. Unfortunately, I was so frazzled after driving around for 20 minutes to park and meet Maegan that I totally left my camera in the car. Who does that? SO as soon as those ladies have their photos up, I will be stealing them- you have been warned! Here is the one that I managed to get as Maegan and I were leaving the parking deck.
Just Visiting
Thanks so much Jeanie for all your support! You'll be getting your package veeeery soon!!
I also managed to get my first serving of green beans off the porch plants. It’s only enough for one serving for one person, but I was SO happy. Now I know I can grow green beans on my porch. First porch garden success.
Despite the vast amount of research that has been done into answering this question, companies are still searching for the pot of gold at the end of the rainbow. If the answer was simple, it could be bottled and sold. Common ideas include making it clear how an employee’s career will progress within the company; and introducing talent development programmes so employees can easily shape and track their progression. Small perks of the job also give incentives for staff to stay. Ideas such as casual Fridays, flexi-time, or the occasional free cake make work life much more agreeable. Some friends of mine who run a product design agency in London cook bacon sandwiches every Friday in the morning for their staff. It’s simple and shows care – and it works. More unusual techniques include using humour to keep up morale of staff. I have known managers to keep a box of toys in the office and start all training exercises with something called ‘the rubber chicken toss’! And then of course there is the financial incentive…
Of course, it goes without saying, or should, that the mozzarella I'm talking about is the heavenly Italian kind that is an unripened soft cheese, a formaggio fresca. It isn't the horrid blocks of tasteless rubbery stuff you buy in North America. That stuff is good, perhaps, for caulking the bathtub, but I hesitate to call it food.
5. Sunshine on my shoulders. Or on any other part of me for that matter. The world is both literally and figuratively brighter when the sun shines.
I'll introduce you to Flower, and wish you happiness until next time.
Here's a card today using a cute Gecko Galz image called Easter Jewels, I used it for all my Easter cards and will show you some more tomorrow for Pink Saturday! I loved coloring eggs with my daughter when she was young, we always blew out the middles and colored the hollow eggs. We would dye them, paint them or glitter them and then look at them forever. No colored eggs this year, but our daughter will be visiting starting today so I am so excited!
(1) Voting “yes” will help clear the way to accessing cheap and abundant funding from the ESM in 2014. The jury is out on whether or not a “no” vote will allow us put the kibosh on the ESM fund for everyone else, and the uncertainty may damage our interests. Just this week, a ratings agency Standard and Poor’s warned that a “no” vote would have a negative impact on our credit rating “in the short term”. And that makes sense, if the market thinks there is no backup fund available to the country, it will see a greater risk of default and demand a higher interest rate if we do get back into the bond market, which we are scheduled to do in the latter part of 2013.
Later in his life as a revolutionary, Bolivar used part of the mineral income to help to finance the South American revolutionary wars although the British Empire was a prime contributor because of Britain’s interest in gaining access to the rich trade opportunities in the region. Some people claim that the Bolivar family grew to prominence before gaining great wealth. For example, the Cathedral of Caracas, founded in 1575, has a side chapel dedicated to Simón Bolívar’s family.
One of Abigail’s recently developed hobbies this week is to wear our shoes. She even climbed her stool to get on the piano wearing my shoes! I so want to lead her in the right direction! I want to lead her in every way closer to God, and not to involuntarily teach what may cause my precious girl to stumble. As she steps in my footsteps, I want her to be stepping heavenward.
With Indian and Pakistani IT companies keen to work together, the IT Committee has convened several times. The Health and Education Committees have met; Pakistani and Indian Rotarians have joined hands with Aman ki Asha to provide free surgeries for children with heart diseases.
Wed. Feb. 1st - Warehouse Live - Houston, TX - w/Mannie Fresh (DJ Set)
Sudnays - Bible reading recap for the week
“Black bastards, Jews, Muslims, Greeks, it’s all just words.
It’s your last hour on Earth. What are you going to do? For her last hour, Jen will grab her guitar, climb the highest mountain, and sing her last song up there!
Happy Saturday Morning, hope your day is starting better than mine. My headcold has taken a hold and I feel like i've done ten rounds with Mike Tyson! its cold, windy and the threat of rain later, can the day get any better?????
This fast-paced thriller is set in a world where mind-reading is the norm, and Kira, the teen-age protagonist is a freak--a zero, who hasn't developed the ability to communicate by thought. But what really sets her apart and catapults her into danger is her newly-discovered ability to jack into other people's minds and control them.
Serials Specialist
Things come to a head when General Yen discovers that one of his concubines is an enemy spy. Davis, who had befriended the woman, goes on a long tirade where she begs him to forgive her and let her live. General Yen acquiesces and pardons her. But he knows that she will betray them both. His rational for giving in to Davis’ demands was to make a point. General Yen had no intentions but to “convert a missionary.” For the concubine does exactly what General Yen expected: she sells him out to the enemy.
It has been snowing all day but it is light snow and will not amount to much.
But evolution do not stop for that.
6. Would I care for the garden alone or have help?
Q: Print is still the dominant form of media. Don't you think you're putting all your eggs in the ebook basket?
other item I was sent is not a luxury item to afford
and now bonzo's basically on the no-nap plan, so what was my free time to dilly dally on the computer is now more time to dilly dally with bonzo. it's funny because i sort of dreaded it – the no napping – but now i think it's actually pretty great. sure, the days are long – exhaustingly so at times – but bedtime is easy breezy george and weezy as bonzo says.
After reading Smiler’s twitter late Thursday afternoon I saw him say “They want me to take 100 names off the G list, I said no, get down before 8 tonight #yoyos” at this point I panicked, I wasn’t planning on even leaving my house (30 mins away) until 8:30 – plans immediately changed.
Paying the balances of your cards as fast as you can will help your credit score. First, pay down your credit card balances, starting with the highest interest. Doing so shows your lenders that you are responsible.
Can’t live, can’t breathe with no air
The final, huge reason why I love 10 Things I Hate About You is this:
Don’t buy into it. Unless of course you are conscious that you do have an issue that you specifically would like to address. Otherwise, be mindful. Sometimes even seemingly empowering content can make you wonder if you have an issue when really you don‘t!
hitler rant honey badger
But do be cautioned that if you are just starting your diet programme, then I suggest you just eat healthy, cut down on processed foods and exercise regularly for a better result
I said, "Do you speak-a my language?"
Dice your apples, melt your butter,
The Wildflower has serious sleep issues (waking every 45min on average, never sleeping for longer than 2hrs, light sleep predominating, waking fitfully, suddenly and agitated).
You might notice that James is batting left handed. That is because when the season started, James still had his cast on. It is funny that with his arm at that angle, James did look like a left handed batter. However, now the coaches are oh, so, excited to have a lefty, that they keep making him bat left handed. (**update: at the last game, James told the coach "I would like to bat right handed"**)
I have heard the argument that bed-making keeps dust and dirt off your sleeping surface. That might be a good reason, if I didn’t have a pet who was half-cat, half-burrowing mole. Taylor likes nothing better than to spend the day under my covers, in a sleep made even deeper by a blanket-induced hypoxia. Besides, I’m sure I shed more skin cells during just one night than could ever float through the air and onto my sheets. (I even found half a toe lying there one morning after I got up — how could anything possibly be grosser than that?)
Where I see weeds, he sees beauty.
Council Member Gentile posts about things happening in 43rd District (which includes Bay Ridge, Dyker Heights, and parts of Bensonhurst), events the Council Member is sponsoring, and information on his policy initiatives (basically, the same stuff we do!). His blog is, like our own, open to public comments.
As 2011 comes to a close, as you reflect on the events of the past year and look forward to a new beginning in 2012. YOU ARE NEW , you are a brand new creation your eternal being or the spirit on the inside of you is recreated in CHRIST the old is gone and the new has come
Skills: Anthropology 35%, Archaeology 40%, Driving 42%, Evaluate 35%, Hear 65%, History 76%, Influence 56%, Language (Dutch) 65%, Language (French) 55%, Language (Latin) 70%, Natural Lore 45%, Occult 20%, Research 85%, Wildwyck Lore
In the hopes of connecting with you all in the near future, I wish everyone a wonderful day,
For this life we live is a mystery
What if you were to lose your job tomorrow? What if one of your kids suddenly died without reason? What if it was your parents or grandchildren? How would you handle that? Would you be able to make it through the day? If you are like me, you are probably having a hard time answering that question. The “what if” scenario can drive people to madness. At the same time, we also must be able to answer these questions confidently.
With one last hope he puts his arms up higher
Lee Rocker - The Cover Sessions (EP)
Wasn’t the aim of educational integration to create tolerance and understanding?
It takes seventeen muscles to smile and forty-three to frown. ~Author Unknown
I just wanted to stop in and let you know what the heck happened to me enCase anybody was curious.
J: Monkeys or Lemurs.
All of which leads to the decision to cut back on this blog and maybe eventually put it to sleep. I’ve been doing this for going on a year and eight months, not long to run out of things to post about, but long enough for changes that make it less important to me. I started with the idea of posting about the process of learning to write fiction, the process of writing, and exploring self-publishing. What’s made me aware that I may have said all I have to say about those topics is reading other writers’ blog posts. Not so much reading, really, as skimming, because I’m seeing the same things over and over, and realizing that others are going through the same learning processes and writing about the same subjects. It’s good that they are, because there are always newcomers dipping their toes in the world of writing, and stuff that’s old hat to many of us is bright, shiny new to them.
Plus, all the regular features including news, reviews, countdown to the 50th anniversary and the Time Team.
Tracklist
Anyway, I'll give you a brief summary.
If you have dealt with this and have any words of encouragement for my friend, please leave her some loving words on her blog. Thank you!
Dear CEO,
