Cut 14 1/2 inches X 30 inches.
they sear in rhythm
His signature wah-wah on Shaft will live forever, though Bo-Keys and Stax Records guitarist Charles “Skip” Pitts has sadly passed away. Pitts had been battling lung cancer; memorial services are scheduled in Washington, DC.
PS-In case you're lucky enough to have peonies for Memorial Day-red, white and blue would be fun too.
If you can say one thing about the life insurance industry (being as conservative as it is), innovation and overcoming the obstacles of regulations and new law is its distinction.
The truth is…character will be revealed by those closest to us.
Thankfully, bright tulips distract from dead oregano stems and countless other as-yet-undone spring chores that need attention. In another highlight, the drought-tolerant bergenia have apparently appreciated the extra winter/spring moisture, judging by their new growth and blooms:
*Southeast Literary Agency
Avia Sneakers
Once the termination payments have been paid, then the pension kicks in.
Please contact me if interested...I temporarily don't have access to a secured internet, so there's no PayPal or auction available for the moment.
According to Scottish firm BrewDog, "The End of History" is the "strongest, most expensive and most shocking beer in the world."
GREASE 15 x 10-inch jelly-roll pan. Prepare dough as above. Spread into prepared pan. Bake for 20 to 25 minutes or until golden brown. Cool in pan on wire rack. Makes 4 dozen bars.
What makes this whole thing worse is that there was 100 guests. Who really wants to go and watch this kind of things other than the owners? I can imagine it just being a really, really uncomfortable sort of thing to sit through. It’s bad enough watching some of today’s stars get married, let alone dogs.
So that is the horror that is apartheid. It's not my intent to defend apartheid and its sad legacy of statutory racial discrimination here, but to expose Goldstone and the world's grotesque hypocrisy. For the sake of brevity, we'll focus on his last statement, that "blacks critically injured (were) left to bleed to death" since there was supposedly "no black ambulance to rush them to a black hospital". I wonder just how many such cases Judge Goldstone was honestly aware of? I am almost certain such cases were rare. A close relative of mine, having entered the South African medical world in 1979 - working in emergency units of public hospitals across the country - cannot recall a single incident where life or limb was ever saved or lost on the basis of the patient's skin.
-The flame that burns Twice as bright burns half as long.
Bake 11 to 13 minutes or until light golden brown. Remove from cookie sheet to wire rack; cool completely.
And so I do..where I supervise food throwing, and help feed applesauce into open mouths. Because Bug and Mr. A were having way too-much fun splashing the applesauce.
I don't know how to use all those electronic devices, I'm old fashioned, I can barely use a remote control too~!
After a bit of debate about possibly adding another publisher to our short list this month, we all decided to just throw the short list out the window and open the LL Book Review to ALL self-published authors."
love me,
Total Budget for the Trip: Php 30,000
It was also the day I met my dear Barbara. I would not hate to be stranded with her in a tree, perhaps K-I-S-S-I-N-G.”
“Calliope Andrews is nothing like your ex-wife, Cassandra.”
I Chase The Devil
Boisterous friends ran on ahead,
This is NOT one for the SFO, but fairly and squarely, one for him.
-Stapler – That’s right an office stapler! I said no sewing!
Let's play a little word game.
Glade Save $1/1 Press & Spray starter kit (5/5)
I created Earth Mother after I wrote the story of her. I tried to convey movement and rebirth, regeneration and mystery. Below is the poem I wrote for her.
Why have I felt defeat?
12. I am NOT overdrawn, in spite of this nightmare of a month.
Once the lentils are cooked through, drain any extra water, then add the bluefish and let it warm up in the heat of the lentils. Dress the lentils with some of the vinaigrette, then add the celery to the arugula and dress that, too. Divide the arugula among the plates and top with the lentils, then sprinkle the pickled shallots on top.
Originals®
Check out the site at www.pinterest.com to see if you become just as curious as I was. If anyone wants an invite just leave a comment below with your email and I will send you one. And you do not have to follow my blog to get one, even though it would be nice. Here are a few pictures that I have taken off my boards for you to view. And by the way, I found a lot more clothing sketches on the site. I feel another fashion sketch blog coming soon.
For Flower Arrangements :
both aimlessly and purposefully
I yesterday said that I might today have no visit to the 75th Street Brewery in order to take advantage of a few freebies to get through Tax Day; I likely will not. While my mother was willing to drive my sister out to the College this morning, I awoke to my alarm, without enough time to go to Bruegger’s before work, and I am still waiting on my tax refund, so I really can not spare money, which is better used for Hot Pockets.
Now I haven't been to all the beaches in the world, but I can't argue with them.
HAPPINESS IS AN INSIDE JOB.
I offer a simple Paypal Option for those who enjoy my findings and are able to help !
It is no surprise that the 2011-2012 proposed budget was passed 6:1, Commissioner Adams being the dissenting vote. Nor is it surprising that throughout the budget deliberation process questions were asked that were answered without clarity or that simply went unanswered.
No memory is ever pure, for we all construct narrative in hindsight. I have constructed a strong, bitter narrative around one episode from my childhood such that I have made it a lynch pin of my identity. The memory involves rapture movies. Do you know of these beasts? Have you ever borne witness?
Whilst still in hospital Cameron started intensive daily therapy with physiotherapists, occupational therapists, speech therapists plus hydrotherapy all in an attempt to reclaim Cameron's lost skills and teach his brain how to learn again. It quickly became apparent that we had to move to the city so we could be near the medical and therapeutic services that Cameron now needed.
says Von Luger, the good German Kommandant.
No matter if all you is stare, no matter if I care
621340 Offices of physical, occupational & speech therapists, & audiologists
I know I don't technically believe in any god but that does not stop me from believing in the beauty of classical choral music and obviously wonderful Christmas Carols.
6. Circle Of Fire
“Sinn Féin is choosing to selectively quote Mr Whelan. But they don’t stop there. They also use a quote from a recent article from Colm McCarthy, which includes the line: ‘As an exercise in addressing the eurozone’s twin banking and sovereign debt crises, the fiscal compact makes no worthwhile contribution’. If Sinn Féin bothered to read the full article, or indeed any number of articles penned by Mr McCarthy recently, they would know he has strongly advocated a Yes vote , describing the Government’s approach as ‘the correct response, unavoidable and in the country’s best interests’.
The howling in pain would not just be because the market district would be destroyed. “Maktesh” has a double meaning. It also means “mortar,” which is a bowl, or a conclave in the ground near Jerusalem, and a place where things are ground to bits. The bowl just holds objects. God does the grinding, the crushing.
So what's involved in creating sounds? You need to know two things. The first is a brief idea of how sounds work in general. The second is an understanding of how the bits inside a synth - and all the knobs and sliders - control the different aspects of a sound.
But I briefly met her!
Spurs relieved their supporters with a workmanlike 2-0 home victory over Blackburn Sunday. Now, two huge matches await: home to Bolton and away to Aston Villa. Should Spurs go 2-0 this week, they look very good to claim the final Champions League spot over Newcastle and Chelsea. A slip-up now, however, and they could miss even Europa League play next season.
However, as the resulting discussion has revealed, this form of “self-censorship’ by press and broadcast licence holders is commonplace in Malaysia. In order to keep their licences, organisations have to abide by a ‘Content Code’ laid down by the BN regime.
"...it took two years to open...due largely to the city’s morass of permits, procedures and approvals required to start a small business. While waiting for permission to operate, she still had to pay rent and other costs, going deeper into debt each passing month without knowing for sure if she would ever be allowed to open. (The owner) would not say exactly how much it all cost, including construction, but smiled and nodded when asked if it was in the hundreds of thousands of dollars."We're not talking about a nuclear power plant here. We're talking about a fucking ice cream parlor.
on a budget of course....!
Kaye timed the contractions after pumping and they were 7 minutes apart. Still not active labor but she admitted us at 2:30 anyway.
As with all recipes in this cookbook, Molly O'Neill interviews the home cook whose recipe this is. This lady explains that she cannot imagine a gathering without macaroni and cheese and that she likes this dish to be plain and pure. She mentions watching cook-offs on Food Network where people tried to glam up mac and cheese by adding artichokes or whatever, and says, "I don't know anyone who would do a thing like that". I'm shaking my head in agreement- why fix what isn't broken?
I hope you like them!
As my previous target weight/date had long passed I set a new one and devised a 45 -60 minute exercise programme to do every day.
I hope you're inspired! Now go bake some bread.
To finish our seasonal decor we also got 3 over scale chrome spheres and we hang them in front of our windows. Just to share the cheer with the street.
don’t walk past and pretend you’re OK
"To me, one of the greatest benefits of unschooling is the relationships I've developed with my family, which I definitely attribute at least in part to unschooling. When in school, siblings spend every day appart from each other, in separate grades, classrooms, and even schools (though seeing as you're not supposed to be socializing in class, I suppose it wouldn't make much of a difference if siblings where in the same class, anyway). Evenings are usually spent doing homework, or spending time with other friends. There's a stigma attached to hanging out with people of different ages, and I've definitely also encountered a stigma to liking family members. To many young people, actually liking a sibling enough to spend time with them just isn't cool." February
Ava Manlick 49
Long-term illness, however, skews a relationship. Over the years, our world kept getting smaller and smaller, trapping us in a life where neither his needs nor mine were being met. In that constricted world, small betrayals loomed large. Small disagreements seemed insurmountable. And there was guilt galore. After he died, I worked through all of those leftover problems, came to a greater understanding of our relationship and what his ill health had done to us, and finally realized we both acted the only way we could in such an untenable situation. I also dealt with the soul searing pain of loss, with the confusing physical symptoms. (Like falling in love, falling in grief causes changes in hormones and brain chemistry, and creates incredible stress, but unlike love, you can’t regulate those changes with sex. Unless you’re into necrophilia.)
Despite being in obvious pain after the asssault, Mr Kruger continued with the meeting, blood running down his face and staining his shirt. This direct descendant of the Boers’ last President Paul Kruger (who died in exile in Switzerland after the British colonial government had destroyed the independent Boer Republics after a vicious scorched-earth campaign between 1899-1902) – also issued a stern warning to the small group of agitators who had caused the ruckus: ”we willl not continue to ignore such criminal behaviour just because you are whites. These were the choices you’ve made: now you will have to live with the consequences.’
As his left hand moves around gracefully, drawing your attention away from the right hand, or as his assistant dressed in scantily clad glittery lingerie takes your eyes off of the magician himself, the right hand is busy doing the bait and switch – or the “trick” – right in front of your face.
Aquino, J., concur in the result.
This past weekend, we celebrated the Hubs' bday. While my bday celebration was filled with shopping, a spa day and frozen yogurt, his was celebrated with golf and Mexican food....gotta love the differences in men and women!
There were several high points of our trip. The first was the airport in Delhi, India. The restrooms were clean. In a third world country developing nation, most restrooms are on the shady side of filling station clean, so this was a very pleasant change. There was also a myriad of fast food and other things to eat and buy. We got McDonald's! The International Man of Intrigue had a Chicken Maharaja Mac and I had a spicy veggie burger that was delicious. The Little Explorers were content with chicken nuggets, fries, and a Sprite to share. All that, and still time to catch our flight to Dhaka.
So it was that I, too, bought a ticket yesterday for “Tyrannosaur.” The timings meant that my choices were down to that, the Marigold Hotel film (uplifting comedy) or the Muppets. Tyrannosaur had been up for a BAFTA, a cheery clip of the wholesome Olivia Coleman, fresh from Rev, and offering prayers to God, had been shown on the telly so it had to be good, right?
The first card I made with my own father in mind. My dad is always reminding me to relax and since I get my type A personality from him, ;) I am returning the sentiment.
--Sergeant Ben Eli
All of this took about 7 minutes to do. I also cut the bottoms of the tee shirt as you can see.
He was personable and impressed by my sketch. He asked all of the right questions, and it wasn't like talking to a salesperson in this for a commission but someone who really cared about what might be done.
Official certificate of nomination of Obama entered into evidence.
The contemporary city seems the most unsustainable environment that mankind has ever built, not just as regards the large-scale consumption of energy and environmental resources (generally known as the urban footprint), but also and above all for the forms of occupation and organization of land at every level. Mechanisms increasing the value of areas continually fuel phenomena of expansion, in which the land on which the new city grows is an unspecialized, intensely subdivided space. The expansion of surface car parks, the proliferation of boundaries and barriers between different properties, and diverse areas that are interconnected only by a capillary street network, produce a sprawling, fragmented and dissipative urban structure.
several years ago!
PARENTING TIP:
After the pageant, Hae Sung went to the hospital to check on Ri-An. Since Yoo Jin was still there, both had a chance to talk. Yoo Jin tried to convince Hae Sung to come back but she strongly said she won’t. I believe that Hae Sung expresses herself more with Yoo Jin. She can honestly tell him what she feels and Yoo Jin knows how to accept and understand that. He won’t force her to do something she doesn’t want. I like that. These two may have few scenes together, but they always talk about the things that matter.
That means, 15,000,000 books will probably be published in 2012. 15,000,000. Yikes.
give them a try, at least once. they really are worth the effort.
i'll be back..
I like the squabbles. That they don’t see eye to eye at first.
If your saw or trimmer takes a long time to return to idle you may have a ......
But it's been a while since I've talked about what I've got going on, so I thought I'd do that today.
I spent my 20s watching Joey grow up. He was the funniest, happiest, smartest, sweetest kid I ever met. Those were not the best years of my life for various reasons, but he was a ray of sunshine to me. I loved him. I always had his picture on my desk at work, always jumped at any chance to babysit or even spend time with him. I loved to take him to the movies and spoil him with too much candy, take him out to dinner and teach him things like how to hang a spoon from your nose, or to tie your napkin into a funny hat. When my coworkers brought their kids to the office Christmas party, I brought Joey (who at one party when he was around 4 or 5 refused to sit on Santa’s lap, not because he was scared of Santa but because he "didn’t like the looks of that elf…." - a tax accountant dressed as an elf is scary, and I didn’t blame him.) I tagged along on his family’s vacation to Disney World. I took him to a Spice Girls Concert and we were in heaven, having a shared love of the band (I bought him a Baby Spice Doll he carried around for a long time in a briefcase…. I don’t think his dad was too thrilled with that). I took him a few years later to see N Sync, but already he was becoming cooler than me, too hip for boy bands, just going along to appease me.
ribbon from my local store
By the time Disraeli became leader of the Conservative Party in 1868, the term had been in use for nearly two generations. It had been set aside after the 1846 split over the Corn Laws, when the party divided into "Peelites" and "Protectionists" but had been brought back into full use by Disraeli's predecessor as leader, the 14th Earl of Derby, after Peel died in 1850 and the party abandoned protectionism in 1852".
29. The House of Invisible Bondage - Argosy All-Story Weekly 4 parts
God, give me that thirst that would cause me to sail away from relationships and an established home toward the utter unknown. Give me a deeper perspective so that I can be thankful this year.
We have a lot of new content on the site! Thank you to everyone that went out. Everything looks great!
The headdress is believed to be a gift from Moctezuma to 16th Century Spanish conquistador Hernan Cortes. It is made of quetzal and other feathers mounted on a base of gold studded with precious stones. Mexico usually sees pre-Conquest relics as national property, and if returned must stay in the country.
Start a new journal
And when you get tired of it- just change it again.
For one week, I've been eating this breakfast, and I have in fact eaten less during the entire day. My lunch and dinner have not changed much. I usually have homemade soup/chili for lunch and a piece of protein with veggies for dinner. Here's the breakdown:
It's embarrassing to sit with a bunch of girls and hear them talk about either their good boyfriends or the losers that they left. I can't bring myself to mention Jermaine and how he is incarcerated for the millionth time. I mean, some of my friends know, but I don't tell them with pride, that is for sure.
It's hard to be against something that promises education for the multitudes, especially since Andrew Ng, whose 100,000-student class is a prototype, is so earnest and excited about it. It sounds so revolutionary to say "free education for all" or "steal this book" or whatever. How could you possibly want to withhold education from people who want to learn?
The movie draws you in right from the start, and is refreshingly honest and is original enough without having taken inspiration from clichés. Given the limited publicity prior to the release of the film, in its first week at the Box Office, the movie managed to make an estimated Rs 4 Lakhs.
He had remained by her side during her ordeal, then they had spent spare weekends getting to know each other, now it had progressed to who should move where. The Texas Rangers were established in the late 1800's and didn't have a branch in any other U.S. State. If Trevor moved to Denver he could no longer be a ranger, but every police department in the city would love to have him. If Isadora moved to Texas she would have to abandon a promising career with a future and no guarantee of finding a job in Houston in the current economy.
Intellectual cowardice is reinforced by a set of circumstances whereby even if alternative accounts questioning the official line are exhaustively researched and documented with credible information and sources, mobilization of the “conspiracy theory” label by state censors and their journalistic accomplices will render the counter-arguments suspect. And, in an on-the-go culture where citizens are heavily reliant for information on headlines and sound-bites versus deliberate analysis, such lines of reasoning are destined for the memory hole.” – Prof. James F. Tracy, “State Propaganda, Historical Revisionism, and Perpetuation of the 9/11 Myth.”
Copyright 2012 by Letizia Mancino
Taking into account also, that by the end of the pre-order phase, Modern Warfare 3 became the most pre-ordered game of all time, there’s strong scope for the latest Call of Duty title to break yet another record before it even manages to hit the stores on November 13th.
Well, I am now where I am and as I think of the fate that has befallen the poor fellow, I am suddenly attacked by a rush of mixed feelings: I feel sadness at taking a life, then again, I feel the joy of accomplishment and fulfillment, I have done Lagos and the larger society a favour ensuring one-less maniac on our roads. I think of the gladness in the hearts of other normal rational people, the peace of mind that I have created since they know there is one less-speed monkey on a motorbike, smile as a sense of accomplishment envelopes me.
Shankar was now sure that something was being hidden from him. As if there’s something sinister about this place, but he wasn’t to find out. What could it have been?
My gift to you.
So they respond with paying off their most current debts, that would have hurt them. In a way this is very good for them, as they won’t have any liens put against the team or stadium or whatever they took the notes against. What is going on now in finance are restructurings — for corporations, they’ll have an opportunity, I believe, to restructure their debt in a way that’s favorable for them to pay.
What is your perspective? What type of lenses are you looking through? Do you generally see problems or possibilities?
Elwood Jones, 59, of Morgantown, died today, when the ladder he was standing on, collapsed, and crushed his Grandmother, 102 year old Orpha, who was holding the ladder for him. Reports suggest that Orpha quit holding the ladder for a moment to pet her black cat, Lucky.
That's all Monday and then on Tuesday, there's a ride from the Curtis Hotel down to the Capitol Building. That just sounds like a fun Tuesday morning ride in Denver. I'm always down for a cruise. Even at 8 am.
Me: That's what makes him a good daddy.
I have to admit, I wasn't a fan of the first book. And Torment even had its rocky moments. Passion made me a fan of this series. It's a thoroughly well-written, enjoyable book. Like I said in my review for Torment, if you gave up on Lauren Kate because of the first book, keep going. You may end up liking this series.
Christianity is a personality cult based on a false doctrine of vicarious salvation. It is imperialistic and seeks world domination by any means. There is nothing in Hindu scripture or the ancient Rishi tradition remotely similar to this asuric creed. And there is nothing in the ancient guru-shishya tradition to support the ill-conceived advice handed out to foreign seekers by Hindu gurus who do not want to take spiritual responsibility for their Western charges.
Kevin is a Fellow of the Royal Society of Literature and patron of the Society for Storytelling and Publishing House Me. Last year, Anglia Ruskin University awarded him an Honorary Doctorate. He has four children and now lives with his Minnesotan wife Linda on the north Norfolk coast.
In Colonial India, at a time of growing friction between the ruling British and the restless Indian populace, a Victorian woman and her young Tamil Indian servant defy convention, class, and heartbreak to investigate what is gained and lost by holding life still. Suggested by the life and work
Their “Manifesto for unity” got not such an attention from the public and did not get so known. The manifesto for believers Manifest “Gelovigen nemen het woord” presented to the Belgian belief community at the turn of the year hit like a bomb. It got the approval from 8233 religiously but had probably more counter parts. A lot of Roman Catholics launched a counter attack. In the month January the reaction was so violently that the initiators against the end of the month, or begin this month took away their website with further definitions. (The manifesto itself can still be found.)
Changing your form is the cure.
Okay enough Talk. On with the recipe
These cards are commonly found with length variations due to the cutting techniques used.
He stopped short. What was that?
Some of you on Facebook have already seen these pics, but I should be posting up a host of others shortly. In the meantime, I hope you all behaved in my absence, and that your week was a great one too! I'll try to update more deets about our trip in the days to come.
I had the unmitigated joy of taking mominbox to the department of transportation for her driver’s license renewal.
On our way back from supper we met up with the American who is not leaving this week. He was just heading out for supper, but wanted to know if we would come with him to go find the fireworks for tonight. Before fireworks, Meg and I went for a walk and ended up making our way to the mall. We walked around there for a bit and then headed back.
After all this Evel Knievel, i think i'm going to put this record back into it's frame. And who knows, i might actually hang it up on the wall this time....
Old Rose Cami Baby Blue: So Many Styles
I quickly made a U-turn and tore the side of my tire on the curb.
Last evening though, I wondered if hubby and I had been conned the last few days; we definitely saw his personality emerging. First, one time outside when he went potty, he lifted his leg; that tells me we should have him neutered sooner than later. After dinner, hubby had to go to the golf course and Hunter always recognizes the garage door opening and the car. Well when it did, Hunter started to bark; we haven't heard him bark before so it was a total surprise. Later on he got really feisty. It is cute to watch him begin to feel secure and at home but made me realize that I need to walk him daily, if we aren't have play sessions with friends. A happy dog is an exercised one, is my motto. The coming days should be a hoot as his personality continues to emerge.
But on to the subject of this post: PRUNES! Prunes are plums in French. Dried plums, aka, prunes are called pruneaux in French. I've had quite alot of prunes around lately. They're in season right now. So I made one of my favorite tartes and tried my hand at making jam.
111 3. Book Reviews: Mikis Theodorakis, Journal of Resistance (New York, 1973) and Amalia Fleming, A Piece of Truth (Boston, 1973). Chicago Sun-Times/Showcase, March 4, 1973, sec. 3, p. 18.
and snooped at each door
Do you see the red circles? Those are actual holes that I can fit my fingers through.
He's just what I've been waiting for Oh yes
BadT
While there's still a shedload of practical stuff I can and will do, the moment when I can no longer contribute creatively to this production is fast approaching. I will have to get my sticky mitts off it and leave it where it belongs. In the hands of the cast.
04. Vampires
19. Red River Valley
I'm hosting a baby shower at my house this coming Saturday and have been working on lots of stuff, which I will be showing off throughout the week. I'm really having FUN with this!
We went to the Potteries near to Stoke-on-Trent and visited some of the local working museums. Whilst there we saw several demonstrations, including one on how to produce pots on a potter's wheel. William (age 9, I think?!?) decided that he wanted to have a go - the video below (filmed by Edward and edited by me) shows the result. I recommend that you turn up your sound / speakers before viewing for maximum effect!!
The school made enough on the event to give the students some wonderful trips.
Ms. Lemon spent a few minutes reviewing our assignment, modeling our work on an iPad that was projected on the whiteboard, and then we were off.
First time at the Yankee Stadium he scored two home runs. lew right over the fence. Guy called Bill Addler dislocated his shoulder trying to catch him. Shouldn’t have bothered according to Stevie.
Spin it. As fast as he can. Sending his cute, darling, innocent sister hurdling through the air — right onto her right wrist.
the slam of an old screen door
I can also see how, when I asked my sister and a few colleagues to critique one of my stories last month, that I do have a tendency to "tell too much and not show enough". I know I ramble when I am writing creatively, even in blogs; the irony is that I have a business background from school, so you'd think I'd learned about keeping things short and simple.
The message is very deliberate. If we don’t stop ourselves, then something else will.
Generally I don't link to stories with headlines about someone with Down syndrome being voted king/queen, or being somewhat included on their school's sports team.
7 Stones to Shoulder @ 150/100# (or as close as possible)
I will host the series, gather the entries, and post them. From all entries submitted, a selection of 5 finalists (as determined by a panel of judges) will be posted for a vote for each round. Readers will vote on their favorites via a computerized poll. After all the rounds have been completed the winning entries of each round (7 Deadly Sin entries) will be pitted against one another for the Grand Prize. Which I haven’t determined yet, but it will be something fabulous.
24And if we have not, in fact, done this designedly and with purpose, having in our minds the fear that in time to come your children might say to our children, What have you to do with the Lord, the God of Israel?
- No word count was specified for the articles. $50 for a capsule review isn't so bad, but for a 1,000-word or longer article, it's pretty poor. (Apparently, LCP is actually paying only $25 for shorter articles--see some of the complaints linked in below--but this was not mentioned anywhere in the materials I saw.)
I have loved fairies for longer than I remember, so wings were a natural thing to put on her (although she is not a fairy!). Then I came across a poem by Dylan Thomas and it all started to make sense.
5. Revlon Nail Polish – Lilac Pastelle
Little did we know, Julie. We will sorely miss you.
Here's a blue motorcycle!
Here are two cards I have made with The large Flower Background from Hero Arts and two different looks as well. The top card is stained with Distress stains and inks and the leaves have been coloured with my new distress markers. The flower heads are paper pieced and also shaded with some distress ink.
Some people over pronate. The outside (lateral) of the heel strikes the ground first but then the foot rolls in more than 15% as the foot rolls forward. This condition makes it more difficult for the foot and ankle to stabilize the body. When the foot pushes off, the pressure is mainly on the big toe and second toe. This puts additional pressure and strain on these toes. The motion also twists the foot, shin and knee which can cause pain in those areas.
Darkness cannot drive out darkness; only light can do that. Hate cannot drive out hate; only love can do that.
Enough about that....on to my card. Crafter's Companion is starting to carry a new line called Anthony and Burt...they really are adorable. They are just so fun and quirky.Fun to color too. They should be released in the next few days...so keep an eye out!
INITA, INITB and CMDFILL are all static arrays, so I duplicate them as Byte arrays. A little digging on Python USB libraries and LibUsbDotNet allows me to map a controlMsg statement in Python, to ControlTransfer in the .Net library.
Change and just general 'busy-ness' has been the order of the day around here. Life gets complicated and yes, messy, and these days, my mind has been occupied on things outside the realm of blogging, writing, etc. I'm in the middle of a major move. Boxes and packing materials are scattered all around. It's probably a good thing that I have this to occupy my mind. Change can be a scary thing and I suspect that if I stopped to really think about it all, I would be terrified. It's tough facing the unknown after so many years of everything being the same. A true test of my 'mettle', I think. Wish me luck!
By the way, Joann is having a pattern sale today. Buttericks, Vogue, and McCalls are all on sale. I've been planning this trip for a while. All the coupons I've been collecting meet up today!
So... above is the artwork for page five of a comic I've been working on. I did this artwork several months ago, tried to ink it by hand, loathed it, and then inked it digitally, which although it's better, it's still stiff and soulless;
The terms and conditions of the competition are available at www.nujs.edu. All queries should be addressed to iptls@nujs.edu.
I look forward to keeping you all posted on my progress or lack thereof over the next month(s).
She knows you — but wonders so many things that fill the empty pockets of her “I don’t know”s.
Years ago, I went to a bookstore in Manhattan to hear Joyce Carol Oates read from her first YA novel, Freaky Green Eyes. From my view of her frail, birdlike physique, I found it hard to believe Oates when she spoke of running six miles everyday. She said running was this magical time when she plotted all her novels. At that point, I really didn’t believe her. Who could do anything while running other than count the seconds until you were going to be finished running?
1 tsp finely grated lemon zest
While under Developer control, the primary focus is to sell condos by impressing those who enter the front door. Amenity areas, common area carpeting, walls, baseboards, fixtures, etc. are usually kept in very good condition. If issues are noticed or if residents complain to the Developer, usually resolution is swift. The Developer wants you to buy into the lifestyle that is projected through brochures, advertisements and sales agents. He is not only selling a condo unit but the building lifestyle that comes with the condo. Eventually he will turn control over to the Homeowners and move on to the next project. Developers develop…they typically do not manage condo associations.
The Art. As usual, The Marg's artwork in Oubliette #5 is just terrific, my favorite pieces in this issue being the cover image (see above) and the awesome vampire pic on p. 9. Her smaller illustrations throughout the "Alternative Vampires" article are also spot-on -- shades of Eddie Munster!
The most annoying panel in comic book history: young Bruce Wayne lifting a massive dumbbell with one arm. The caption tells us he “trains his body to physical perfection until he is able to perform amazing athletic feats.” It’s literally the centerpiece of Batman’s 1939 origin page. Fifteen years of effort reduced to a 2 by 3 inch box.
Life goes on. I'm still learning that. I just wish it wasn't such a freaking hard lesson.
I have requested that my children get in with one of the groups and visit each station to find out more about it. We have 3 days left to work and I am going to start requiring a report when we leave there at the end of the day. IF that really happens then I will let you know.
The third important feature to the Duke Lacrosse case was the fact that the accused white males were from affluent middle class families, yet the black woman they were accused of gang raping was a poor, single mother, struggling to make do by what we can call “erotic dancing”. This fact elevated the claims the Holy Trinity of liberal fantasies, combining race, gender and class dynamics in exactly the way they dream of them, rather than in the inconvenient way that such chips tend to fall in real life. The news must have been received with pure ecstasy by academia and the media when they first head it.
1x Banks imperial old ale, brewed in 1960's,
All three men said they intended pleading not guilty. They assured the court they were not a flight risk and did not have relatives across the border.
‘slick water fracking’ ‘knickers! Tragic flaw’
His work has been described as:
1And I saw another sign in heaven, great and marvellous, seven angels having the seven last plagues; for in them is filled up the wrath of God.
Down goes Prince. Down goes Prince!
This is the other side to “Sunny Spain” unpredictable but just as beautiful, as the Spanish always say “It’s good for the oranges”.
CAMRA are old and sucky and wear sandles and have beards and beer bellies.
So why I chose the looks (provided in the attatchments) are because they
Here is a calendar that I made with a recycled coaster. Again, I used the new Vintage Springtime paper available in the new Stampin' Up Occasions Mini Catalog. And isn't that flower cute? I love them.
During his holiday vacation, Nick was rushed to the hospital due to kidney issues. He came back strong, but now he is having more issues with his health. On Wednesday he announced that he was hospitalized over the weekend for two blood clots found in his lungs. All these health issues have led Nick to come to the decision to give up the morning show.
Recently we have gotten notice that they are putting through utility aggregation in our area. How this works is they collect your account with a bunch of others then shop for "lower" utility rates. How it usually ends up is you are paying your local utility for part of your bill and another utility for the rest. What they DON'T tell you is that you end up paying MORE for what the second utility provides than just going with all local/One company.
I had procrastinated long enough, hoping to get a new composter in time to still salvage what was left of last year’s old growth in my flower garden, with the dream of turning it into sweet black compost to use this spring. You can read more about my indecision about composters here. But today, with the sun shining warmly, short sleeves rolled up, and the first sweat of this spring trickling down my brow, I knew that today I had to do some serious spring cleaning in my garden.
It's hard to imagine inflation running at 25%. It's not so hard to imagine everyone going on strike. Nor is it so hard to imagine savage public sector cutbacks being made...albeit by the Labour Government, rather than the current coalition. We probably all remember hopelessly unreliable and outdated cars being built by Leyland (renamed to Austin Rover by the time I went to join them in the eighties). And who can forget Punk Rock...less a musical statement and more a call for social and political change...oh that we could have Neo-Punks now!
Goose: To stuff treats in.
Throw your game through some other kind of genre shift for a week or so. For example, crank up the Weird Level and the special effects budget, blow more stuff up, up the pacing of the session drastically. Use a more action-y ruleset. Or do a session of the game as Tim Burton would direct it.
I couldn't hang around as, having planned my route on the tinterweb I wasn't completely sure of how long my walk was going to take. So I carried on next past the Union and up past the Merlin theatre (sort of) and then up Cherry Tree Lane to Psalter Lane. My next port of call was a 100 yards or so on the right, The Stag.
Though nothing special, nothing great but I thought to myself,
It was these thoughts that led to the title of this post, inspired by J.P.Lockhart Mummery’s 1936 book ‘Nothing new under the Sun’ which starts with a quote from Robert Herrick;
Like all the colleges we visited, Allegheny is small (2100 undergraduates), located in a small town (Meadville has about 13,000 residents), relatively old (it was founded in 1815), coeducational, was once closely affiliated with a Protestant denomination (the United Methodist Church), and is one of the 40 schools listed in the book Colleges That Change Lives.
I’m up before dawn doing Mommy things. Once the kids get off to school, I sit down with my e-mails. I catch up on Facebook and Twitter. I’m writing by 8:30. I take a few breaks to take care of more Mommy business and I wrap up my writing by mid-afternoon. Unless I’m on deadline, or
They are working on getting him services he needs that I have faught 3yr to get!! Go Mom!!
By the dark webs, her nape caught in his bill,
But Junkii has wanted to try camping for a few years now. I don’t know if I’m up for it, but if it makes him happy…
manifestation of Christ to him. The Bible admonishes us to walk in the steps of
If you don't, I advise you to buy it. It does have the usual racy scenes that are trademark of
39) Waku Ghin (Singapore)
At this late stage in the season it seems Red Bull are the main team bringing upgrades, in recent races only Lotus, Virgin and Renault have notable developments. Clearly the imagination of Adrian Newey and Peter Promodrou along with the Aero Dept in Milton Keynes are still bringing new ideas to the table.
Gulps of black rubber stun
So I have been sharing information about the show I curated over the last couple of posts and I wanted to continue the trend. So today I thought it might be nice to hear what the artists have to say about the work in their own words so without further ado…
With the playing field leveled, there is only one standard that can remain. GOD. So, God, in His great love for ALL people, gave HIMSELF. He stooped down. He came to OUR COLLECTIVE level. And made a way for us to have a restored relationship with Himself. Jesus the Christ (the MESSIAH) is the game changer.
He added that Kotzé "remains a child of God with the capacity to become a saint. This may shock some of us".
I miss the 90's. I do.
Peace and Love!! :)
2) Just cut out the corresponding circle, place it on your fabric (you really just need scraps), and cut out a circle the same size in your fabric.
I sit in cognitive dissonance, torn by the desire to broaden my horizons yet trapped by a menagerie of entertainers, the like of which is to be found nowhere else. Part of me feels that there must be more to life than this plot of 10 acres that landscape architect George Vellonakis referred to as America's Piazza. Not an exaggeration at all, the park is a meeting place for every imaginable type of individual from sociopaths, lunatics, misfits, geniuses, budding and established artists, painters, chess players, writers, photographers, intellects, local residents, and visitors. It is a place where the conversationalist can meet and engage in conversations on any subject imaginable, both privately or in forums.
1. Europe is expensive - One of the biggest knocks against Europe, especially if you’re backpacking in your 20′s. Your trip will cost an arm and a leg, maybe your first born child as well. Western Europe is one of the most expensive places in the world and the exchange rate doesn’t help. What does $10 USD get you there? A cup of coffee, maybe one shitty crumpet and a truckload of buyer’s remorse. It still pains me to think about how much I was pillaged back in 2007: we’re talking 2.2:1 for the Pound and 1.6:1 for the Euro. $10 USD in Southeast Asia or South America? In some places, three meals, 1 night in a hostel and some booze. If you go somewhere else, especially a 3rd world country, your money will go much, much further and you won’t be cringing when you buy another beer.
Patrick Simmons - guitar, vocals
Now, in the 21stC, we are greeted with the mystical equivalent for our time — crop circles, created electromagnetically — and capable, through the miracle of late age images and electronic media, of stimulating our primeval alert system, piqueing our human pineal gland into producing natural mellowing melatonin and driving our dormant DNA into revving up to a higher gear. We are entering the brief Mayan Fifth Day — a portal of opportunity which completes on August 17th.
For whatever reason, this topic has been calling to me the last few days. I was somewhat displeased with some what Rolling Stone did with its current special edition issue that lists the Beatles’ 100 greatest songs.
Use a fragrance-free, organic soap for ....Click link to read more.
i believe that ignorance can be overcome.
- Thanks to reader John, who passed this one along: Interlink, who are leaving their current space to make way for the new Pulp & Bean across Eastern Parkway, have found another space just a little further south on Franklin, which keeps their translation and legal services in the neighborhood for those who need them.
I know that we're all talking about it, but how great is this weather? I took my stitching out on the back patio last night and stitched after work in shorts and
...off to enjoy this rainy day and get some work done! (rain and I always make for really productive days....must be the British in me)
Leaving aside the questions of removal from society and rehabilitation (and ignoring the question of punishment), Walsh's casual dismissal of the doctrine of criminal deterrence is surprising.
That's all from me. Please go and check out what the other Krafty Girls and Krafty Guests created using Annie's new collection as well as the challenge details here. Don't forget to leave comments along the way, TWO lucky commenters will each receive three of the new Oz collection. Have fun and good luck! =)
The pleasant thing about Portland though is that it's OK to be weird. In most cases I just explain to people: "Hey, I'm sorry, I have no idea what I'm doing. I know I seem like an American but I've been living abroad for a long time and a lot has changed."
Then when a new kid came I quickly allowed him my seat to sit alone. The boy promptly informed the new kid that he had safed him from sitting next to me. I heard some people talk shit about me when they thought I wasn’t listening. Then my locker was set on fire. I had some papers sticking out and someone set them on fire. The principal swore t was probably nothing against me, just a coincidence. My locker stunk like ashes for a week. Then things got worse between me and my friend. She began lying to me and avoiding hanging out with me.
1 lb. dried red beans (also known as kidney beans)
Wyoming 29-Feb 29 10 8 1 6
The market opened flat today, then continued yesterday’s rally from SPX 1359. In late morning the SPX hit 1376 for a 17 point advance from that low. After the Intermediate wave B high at SPX 1393 the market has declined with a series of lower lows, interrupted by three rallies of 11, 17 and now 17 points again. This looks quite normal for this type of correction. The key levels to watch now at SPX 1357 and 1387. SPX 1357 is the low for Int. wave A: a break below would suggest lower prices ahead. SPX 1387 is the high of Minor wave B: a break above would make the short term count from SPX 1393 questionable. The FOMC statement, tomorrow afternoon, is often accompanied by market volatility. By thursday we should have a fair idea of what we’re dealing with short term.
For example, the Slabs used by a Plasmavore, Florence Finnegan, on Earth (and, due to the Judoon's intervention, on the Moon as well) looked like motorcycle couriers dressed in black, but they never delivered anything and were composed entirely of leather, except for their helmets.
When you aren’t using all the available power, keeping the revs low to save fuel and relying on all that low-down torque means some impressive economy figures are possible–more than the EPA figures suggest.
Carr makes dozens of phone calls, gathers all the information, shares what he knows with his editor and gets the OK to write the story. He did his job magnificently - I still recall the day that story was issued and I emailed it to dozens of friends who lived in Chicago or once lived in Chicago. The details of the article were shocking, especially for a once-great paper such as the Tribune and within weeks, the management team resigned. Yes, print journalism still has the power to change things and when reporters like David Carr are given the freedom to do their job, the power of the printed word can be devastating.
Do share :)
The sure extinction that we travel to
Article 10 of the Federal Constitution bestows the freedom of speech, assembly and association on the people.
A red salamander,
So, I will continue to run down my chosen path, set myself goals and understand myself better. What about you? How do you approach your path in life? Do you put yourself last or are you mindful of taking time to do what is important to you?
Spanners, Rangers, strides (oh my!)
And now for my further homage to popular young adult literature:
but i can beat that sucker.
3-foot kid – (deer in the headlights)
This applies even in our interactions with terrorists. I am respecting the terrorist’s dignity when I ask myself, “Do I have to kill him or can I stop him without killing him?”
As Alex points out promoting and supporting fellow bloggers is a great thing but 15 is a big number. And readers may die of boredom as you rattle off 15 self-promotional facts. So she reduced it to three. Three facts, three blogs and an entertaining post to boot.
Also making an appearance and speaking at the forum was former Malaysians for Free and Fair Elections (Mafrel) chief Abd Malek Husin, who brought along a seven-member team of international observers on a fact-finding mission on Malaysia's electoral system and who also observed the Bersih 3.0 rally.
We have been really blest in our new home.....it was a horrendous experience moving, especially as Shaun's been affected more with this 2nd bleed than he was with the first. We have been blest too with the friendships we have and the help we got from them during this very stressful time. I would especially like to thank our dear friends Denis & Marilyn & our other dear friend Keely for all the help we got, they are very special people.
Because I am my children's second mother. We are their second family. And I will be celebrating their first mothers tomorrow and also grieving for them.
This is how one student that Kebokile encountered talked about her study abroad experience in Botswana. One may well ask: Why does a study abroad program include an elephant ride? There may of course be many reasons: buying tickets for exchange students may help feed the elephants and their drivers, for example. Perhaps students from other countries will gain an appreciation for this mighty animal through this close contact. But I tend to suspect that the main reason may be that the program organizers are trying to find something to entertain these students and are drawn to the touristic appeal of the country’s wildlife as a way to give the students something to to do, and maybe something to talk about back home. Kebokile is not trying to take away the elephant ride, but rather to help the students put this experience in the context of the complex reality of elephant herds in Botswana, their impact on crops, other species, the economy, and the controversy around culling the herds. How might a serious pre-trek or post-trek discussion of this article influence what the students took home from the experience?
The photo has that hazy, yellow, bad indoor lighting thing going on. Its meant to be stronger, bolder. Before I knew it, I was retouching as a sort of therapeutic mindless activity.
The reasons are obvious, new age vampires are far from your regular mythical 30′s daemons, who live in moldy dungeons, in a shabby coffin and suck the life out of pretty girls.They are glittery, glamorous and posses deathless good looks and decadent sexuality.They have fancy cars, do not run away from garlic and are equipped with latest gadgets, if you will.They are romantics who pine for love like their mortal companions.Then, there are evil vampires , who are equally pretty. Who can resist seeing a Vampire with thick English accent saying “Wana see how fast I can text “motherf*$$r?”. Throw in the sexy werewolves, of the likes of Taylor Lautner in the mix and I am sold! (Team Jacob all the way) .
6 tablespoons water
"Nimbly directed by Laura Farnworth, it's crisply evocative of a time and place" Time Out
Thank you so much, Mr. President. (Applause.)
Speaking of edamame, I bought edamame plant this year for my container garden. It is growing some edamae but it is just like 5 of them so I don't really know what to do with them.
People who choose to engage in sinful, illicit sexual relationships don’t want children, and they aren’t too concerned about what the Catholic Church teaches. What they really want is convenient, risk-free sex.
For now, the agency recommends that pet owners use products containing zinc phosphide as directed or, better yet, try alternate means of eliminating burrowing rodents such as snap traps. And in cases where pets are suspected of becoming sick by ingesting the pellets, veterinarians should always induce vomiting outdoors to disperse any toxic fumes.
02 Agon 0:49
Non-consensual sodomy attacks for fiscal 2011 totaled 7 percent of the nearly 2,500 attacks cited on one military report.
Body splash, that is all she wrote for this match, and we are celebrating with the girls.
It’s one for the keepers box.
I had surveyed the building, approaches, entrances, and such several times in the last few days. I had attempted to mask my activities by skirting the area, heading in different seeming directions each time, and not taking particular obvious note of the prize, until seemingly taking a break in a more sheltered area, I would then leisurely spy the place from concealment. There were better paths for getting close to the building unseen. There were shorter paths to the entrances. There were paths of many flavors, none of them perfect. Choices are something I prefer not to deal with, but last eve I had made one. The path I chose lent the greatest protection from view but left a longer final and open approach. This path required that I circle around several blocks and a large, definitely empty building. The building was poison, I had watched as a few stragglers broke into the place, disappeared for a few moments, returning to the fresh air only in time to choke on their final breaths. From there I needed to follow a small triple row of trees and bushes back into the target location, right to that final approach.
I got through my younger cousin’s wedding about two months ago managing to get only a bit misty-eyed. But this one may be tougher, especially when friends in my circle take that stroll down the asile.
Gulls take flight
Recently he was pleased with the progress I have been making and explained advaita to me in words that I could relate to. I hope it helps you, but you are welcome to find words that suit your own nature wherever you find them.
I've spent today doing a general outline of the overall story arc, and am starting to get specific on the first book in the story. I already know most of the story, so outlining it has been pretty quick.
He goes inside and a moment later re-emerges with Aimee following. With her head down, her long hair hanging over her face, the hospital blanket draped over her shoulders, she could be a hermit being led out of a cave after a twenty-year retreat. Her nose pokes out of the fall of her hair; as she emerges from the gloom of the hallway, she gently hooks the hair away and slowly looks around with an expression of existential terror on her face, a hollow-eyed sadness that things should be as they are. She hesitates, appalled that anyone could expect her to go any further into something so ruined, so terrible.
Anyway, once I was shutout on really digging into this thing, I set about loading it up with custom points of interest and even made a set of my own, which although nerdy, I find cool, so suck it.
And in keeping with the theme of spectacular field event performances at the Euro Indoor Champs, Russian high jumper Ivan Ukhov soared 7’ 9.75 – the third time this season that he has cleared that mark. He too has been very consistent and dominant this indoor season and looks ready to jump in the 7’ 10” / 7’ 11” range this outdoor season.
"The referendum was doomed to fail," Sigvard Wohlwend, a spokesman for the movement, told AFP. He said the veto threat had "torpedoed" its chances in a monarchy where the royal family is still treated with reverence.
Reduce the oven temperature to 150C and place the bowls inside.
Mom in law I never felt like a mom in law always just a plain mom.
As these memories displace my frustration, I feel the traffic-jam stress dissipate. In its place is a tender patience for Dad, just as he is. I actually feel calmer, more relaxed, more open to God’s way of thinking, though my circumstances have not changed one iota. The traffic is just as bad and the sun is even worse—it has intensified its glare directly onto my windshield like a magnifying glass. When I stop struggling against my circumstances, I actually feel benefits. What might seem on the surface a hopeless surrender, white flag raised, becomes transformed into the powerful mystery of yielding.
BLITZER: Governor Romney?
So if someone who looks just like you does a runner in Japan you might get the blame.
And all it will take
Monday – 6km bike
While true publishing professionals and Oprah have quickly latched on to the idea of an ebook, there are still many, many people out there who have no idea what we’re talking about. Will ereaders be the end to books in the same way mp3s have been the end of CDs? I can’t think that way. It sounds so negative and dour and I just don’t believe that if it happens it will happen anytime soon. For one thing, mp3s have a different music quality. Ereaders are unlikely to change the quality of the written word and I have yet to see an ereader that will make reading a children’s picture book as enjoyable as a “real” book. The graphics just are not going to translate. Yes, it’s clear changes to the publishing industry need to be made and will be made, but let’s not think of it as an end to anything, but as a fun new addition, the same way mass market paperbacks were once new.
The first time that we met was at Krystal’s birthday, a little over 3 years ago. Honda Ya, a small little sushi spot.
I would run down the stairs, survey the scene of booty below, and prepare for my father’s enforced ritual of slow present opening, from youngest to oldest, one-by-one. I don’t fault my parents for taking part in this ritual; it was, for some time, so intertwined with Christmas symbols that people thought they were indeed celebrating Christmas. It is clear now that we were worshipping one thing: Mammon.
I am so very thankful to the Skipping Stones Designs crew for allowing me an opportunity to play along with them this month!!
I love my home we have been here for 15 years, but we have out grown it and are in the market to find a bigger home. I have so many memories in this home but I am excited to make memories in a new home as well.
He has also found an ally in the Rev. Herbert Daughtry, pastor of the House of the Lord Churches on Atlantic Avenue, who initially fought the plan.
3. Put Batteries in the Fridge
Cottongrasses are not grasses at all, although they are close relatives. They are in fact sedges. There are about 25 species of cottongrass, all of which grow in boggy conditions. The cottongrasses get their name from the fluffy white fruiting heads which – in UK species – appear in May and June. This fluffy white ‘cotton’ was once used to stuff pillows, as an alternative to goose down. However, the strands are not long enough to spin into thread or weave into cloth.
Feminist, author, The Sexual Politics of Meat, vegan
Wishing you all a stunning week ahead with rich blessing !!!
I have to thank you all for your support and discussions. I only look forward to seeing where this next step of the journey takes us, and hope you’ll stick along for the ride.
Thanks for stopping
I have no idea how much time passed, but when I woke up, my head was in Cathy’s lap. She was gently caressing my hair and face. Even though Cathy wasn’t nearly as sexy as Shane made her out to be, she did have large, well-shaped, breasts. This certainly helped me to overlook the fact that she was missing most of her teeth and smelled like burnt garlic.
As for Thanksgiving: the Practice-- I am not as accomplished at that. But I know this...
When going out to purchase fabric for the sashing/borders, backing and binding, I was very uninspired and decided to get one fabric to do the whole lot. It did make working out the quantity a lot easier! I just bought 3 metres and went with it. I'm so loving that teal colour I want to go back and buy more. Not sure what the fabric is, it was just in the discount pile at my local fabric shop.
You’ll love The Book Blogger’s Cookbook because…
Now, this isn’t an excuse for solutions to accomplish less. The irony of simplicity is that it invariably lets you do more. Simplicity isn’t about giving up any value–it’s a movement around designing technology or products thoughtfully to make them substantially more useful and attainable. Some of the simplest solutions on the market are equally the most advanced–Square beats out any other form of retail payment service; Nest offers the most compelling and powerful thermostat ever invented.
Running up out of the night, bringing your cluster of stars,
Christina discussed her performance with CNN:
The elephants were cunningly scared away by Timur's trick of setting light to camels and sending them crashing into the approaching elephants. Not so good for the camels, so probably not one to try if you wish to re-use your camels later.
So what can be done?
And this is why I didn't save the holey tights from yesterday for today! It's stripey legs! Wee! I've had these tights for a few years now - got them at Winners on one of my expeditions.
Do you know the best way to make low-end gemstones beads to look like a million bucks? Adding SWAROVSKI ELEMENTS to it. On the necklace above triple strand of gold rutilated quartz, faceted cherry chalcedony, golden shade polygon crystal beads and pink crystal "Miss your heart" focal pendant both by SWAROVSKI ELEMETS.
Have a wonderful week everyone.
Also today, you are reading the blog of an unschooling parent. Why? Why are you here? You don't have to answer that. Just think about it. What drove you to come to this page of the Internet? No wait, I changed my mind. Leave me a comment and tell me why you're here. I am curious.
Fancy spent most of the time trapped in the break room, but during lunch was allowed to roam the office since there weren't any patients.
powerfull force.so what is this phenomenon?its
arms and abs. Since running and circuit training gets my legs pretty well, I don’t strength train them quite as much. There’s something about holding a plank for a minute or two that makes me feel so strong!
Our system is broken at every level. More than 25 million Americans are unemployed. More than 50 million live without health insurance. And perhaps 100 million Americans are mired in poverty, using realistic measures. Yet the fat cats continue to get tax breaks and reap billions while politicians compete to turn the austerity screws on all of us.
The leadership challenge gave Nick Griffin a clear and decisive mandate; hopefully the Party will be able to move forward. But in order for this to happen, concerns that came to light in the course of the campaign must be addressed. We cannot progress as a party if things are simply swept under the proverbial carpet.
Silverado
When we first brought Naika home, I danced my “already choreographed” dance for about one year. We already had four biological children; we were teaching parenting classes at church, receiving kind complimentary comments from others re: our children and our family, and feeling fairly confident (ha ha) that we knew how to “dance” as parents.
Georgia wanted to make sure that I had a dress I felt fit me. I got to say, even though she’s helping Mom marry me off, she’s doing it a lot better than Mom did. Georgia is not insisting I’m entirely trendy, she says that at least marry a husband that appreciates your style. That means I’m going to be the exotic beauty with how everyone likes to dress here.
-Link your project in the "InLinkz box at the very end of this post"--it will leave a small thumbnail of your project so everyone can see :)
I slowly opened my eyes and looked to see what marvel had appeared in my room under the clouded sky.
Being busy makes me angry. I am pissed off about how busy I am. Busy doing nothing that matters. Busy because it's easier.
I hope you get to come across a turtle in your lifetime. It's something that is very special and their gracefulness is something that you can watch for hours. If we don't protect them enough now there may be close to extinction and before you know it turtle sightings may be rarer than unicorn ones.
Sew each handle right sides together using a 1/4" seam. Turn right side out. I stuffed a piece of cotton batting (1 1/4"x13") into each handle 'tube' to add a little softness and structure to them, then top stitched along each edge.
Martika ~ Martika’s Kitchen ~ Columbia US ~ 1991
She also pointed out that he was for­tunate that all four policies defined “total disability” as the inability to perform the “material and substantial” duties of one’s occupation (in Dr. Richter’s case, the duties of a gastroenterologist). Since those duties involved performing com­plex procedures, she advised him that insurers might deny his claim for “total disability” on the grounds that he could still continue to see patients without doing procedures.
6. Patatín Patatán (2:39)
Well, here it goes. Having been a few weeks, I've managed to recoop a bit. At Delfest last month, we had to leave early. The fest was to run Thursday thru Sunday night, but on Saturday, a rain storm proceeded to rip my entire display down. I've NEVER been in such a terrifying moment in my whole life. What started out as big rain drops turned into hail, lightning, and then TERRIBLE winds. I had two great vending partners with me this time, and we began doing the usual rain maintenance. Pulling the sidewalls down, moving items from the areas prone to leakage, pushing out the rain from the bellies that form at the canopy cover, etc. Then the winds picked up. We each held on to a compromising leg--meaning ones that weren't weighed down by gridwall or weights. After the front tent lifted up from the wind, with all 130 lbs of my partner Rebecca, hanging onto it, we knew there was no way we were going to beat this storm. We ran for cover inside my cargo trailer, and held the doors shut, peeking out from time to time to check out the destruction.
Ink: Early Espresso
behold, your king is coming,
Newell came in as the game-tying run when Josh Graham was hit by a pitch by new pitcher Matt Preston. Preston eventually gave up four of the five runs scored in the seventh to give Roseburg the final 8-6 lead.
sitting on the couch, sucking his thumb, petting Alice quietly.
ending with dessert made this a perfect day, week. this little one had strawberry gelato, her mama had honey lavender and green tea and i ordered ginger spice and apricot. did you know apricot is the most popular flavor in italy?
To get such a candidate I believe they will need to think outside the box and recruit people who are not currently party members.
Have you considered this in your own life? Your life is being spared as a believer so you can serve Him. If you are an unbeliever and want nothing to do with God, He is sparing you to give you more opportunities to hear the gospel until you realise that Christ died for your sins, was buried and rose again for you.
P.S. We'd love it if you'd put our Birthday Bash Badge on your blog. Thanks for helping spread the word and sharing the fun!
K'nex has been one of our family's all-time favorite toys; even before I started raving about K'nex online, we had already amassed a gigantic collection of K'nex pieces. We began playing with K'nex about 4 years ago, when the boys were about 4 years old and I was looking for interlocking toys that didn't break apart so easily. K'nex fit the bill perfectly, and their unique system of rods and connectors meant that we could build much more sophisticated shapes and designs. 3Po and Jammy have been playing with K'nex half their life, and they enjoy it as much as they ever did!
1 tbsp cumin
You see the only dream that counts
should be.
Can’t wait to see the cover stories sure to come on TH. And with EW’s penchant for shooting multiple covers for different cast members as part of major cover stories (which are included in all subscriber copies) there is a chance we just might see Thorin on one of those covers. And I suppose I need to rustle up something for supper. I guess just eating a mocha brownie is out of the question . . . yeah, I thought so.
1c cream
Was there a man dismay’d ?
Just adore the star print items...cool and stylish and great for a boy and a girl. You can buy this and more at the wonderful baby concept store Noeuf.
I'm not saying that we shouldn't have a lot of female nudity in a film where that is the main reason for its being. The more nudity the better, in fact. Besides which, the women are supposed to be cute and able to get naked at a moment's notice, and the guys are supposed to be the typical swinging Sixties manly men who smoke, drink, wink at pretty girls and have them melt in their hands. Who says movies like Dracula (The Dirty Old Man) don't know who to cater to?
I thought it was marvellous. I thought the poetry was dreadful. But I thought the book was splendid. I went back to my editor and I said, "Look, can we do a big feature on this?" He said, "No, it's a very odd book. I've been talking to some Dons about Tolkien: they say he's a real weirdo. But do the four hundred words." So I did the four hundred words for him and he asked if I'd like to review more books. Of course I said, "Yes, I'd love to review books" – I wasn't paid very much at the time in provincial newspapers. He said, "Well what would you like to review?" He was reorganizing The Oxford Mail at the time. I thought I'd choose an unlikely subject, which I read a bit, so I said, "Science fiction." He said, "No, I've got a chap to do that – chap called Brian Aldiss."
Our next meeting will be Tuesday, March 9 at 8pm at the Coney.
Fry the vegetable along with the mint in the oil until the ridge gourd becomes soft.
Hope you enjoyed a little peek into our Cookie Swap. Have you ever experienced a Cookie Swap? I found it to be so much fun...a great way to connect with friends during this busy time and a great way to enjoy so many different holiday treats without having to bake them all myself! Looking forward to next year! Get ready ladies!
As for the Ashecliffe patients, bear in mind that Ashecliffe is a facility for the “criminally insane”–the very definition of what a psychopath is. So we can assume all the patients are psychopaths. As for the staff and the doctors, they all come across as condescending, evasive, and perhaps a touch cruel–we never see the full extent of what treatments go on at Achecliffe, but we know something is amiss and the doctors can’t be trusted. The doctors also seem to enjoy their positions of authority a little too much. So I’ll lump them in as psychopaths as well. Perhaps the only character that does not fit the psychopath description is the “real” Rachel Solando, the one Teddy meets in the cave by the lighthouse. However, for all we know she may not even be real–as I’ve read, she may be a hallucination, or she may be part of Cawley’s roleplay scheme.
For everyday lose the crosses, and perhaps decrease or omit the candied peel.
Written on a piece of paper with an unexplained gummed edge, this is a companion piece to Rosemary, found at the same time and bearing the same script. Vanilla and almond essences and white sheets are also common factors. As well as the provisions, there is a rundown of meals for Friday and Saturday (cake and tea at 4pm on Friday, no less), and also the details of Barrie, who is going to cost £750ish and has a digi camera, and Steve, who is a digger and will be calling at the end of next week to say which day he’s coming round. For some reason, the words “low-budget porn movie” spring to mind.
these figures alone, one is
Article 33
1. The laver in the temple – washing
I filled in at my previous job today. It was gratifying to see how may residents wanted me back full time. I felt like Mother Theresa for oh, 10 seconds or so. I do love my peeps.
We are running the challenge for the whole of December so you have plenty of time to create and play.
The NPC is not the only major political meet-up happening in Beijing right now. The CPPCC – the Chinese People’s Political Consultative Conference – is also in full swing. The 70-odd richest legislators in this government advisory body, similar to the NPC, had a net worth of more than $100 billion in 2011.
The presenters next talked about the publishing process. They work a year to a year and a half ahead. Authors are asked for their input on the cover. The editor fills out an art sheet with his input and information about the author. Cover mock-ups are made, may be shown to buyers and the author, and a cover is chosen. Next comes marketing and publicity. Authors write an author bio and fills out an author questionnaire that helps the marketing department. Kensington sends out galleys to sales reps, reviewers, buyers and media. They participate in conferences, do giveaways and other creative marketing approaches. They do a lot of digital marketing. They are experimenting with publishing prequals and short stories digitally to promote author’s upcoming books. They’re also looking into establishing a digital-first line of books, though nothing is firm on that yet.
04. Roma Dance
For me to do anything.
If
Overall a nice way to spend a few hours before returning home. The fire brigade may burn off the area this week. I will be curious to see what effect this will have on nesting birds.
I was asked to design some very simple kids birthday cards. I came up with five of them using the same layout and stamp set. Here are two of them. I will share the others later this week. This layout just uses up scrap paper.
Then Sammy Smith jumped up and said
Despite this pressure, I did a pretty good job of remaining canine-free. I had three closely-spaced kids, a menagerie of critters in cages, and the occasional uncaged "visitor." Plenty of mess and noise and walks and poop to deal with already. And despite the promises of my daughter and other family members, I knew who would end up taking care of any dog that entered the household.
* Master level degrees usually consist of an additional two years of accredited training.
I don’t understand why men don’t understand that just because a woman doesn’t ask for something or say something that doesn’t mean she’s not THINKING about it! If you can’t be honest about this kind of stuff – if you fear telling her for whatever reason….guess what? That’s your evidence that she’s NOT the person for you in the long run. You’ve got to be able to be honest and it starts by being honest with yourself. Reflection is good for the soul.
Micheal's: small flower punch, pop-up dots
If not, what is the worst that could happen?
And they led him away to Annas first, for he was father-in-law to Caiphas, who was the high priest of that year. Now Caiphas was he who had given the counsel to the Jews: That it was expedient that one man should die for the people.
Kit finds Nikki's door locked, so she goes to Hal's room next. The door shuts behind her, and the knob does the falling-off trick again, so Kit creeps around in the dark until she finds another door. On the other side, she meets up with Rob again.
I will be the first to admit that conservative Christianity as a whole has poorly adapted to cultural change, has failed to address many social problems, and has overlooked many unreached people groups. However, we need to adapt to modern culture without losing our historical identity. We need to address social problems without losing our primary focus on personal spirituality. We need to reach a diverse world without losing our unity in Christ.
I love Reggie McNeal. First, he’s a freak of nature. Humor comes to him naturally. But, secondly, and the reason for my inclusion of these two videos of his, is that he puts flesh on the paradigm shift that is going on in Christian congregations.
In fact, Jennings denounced school choice programs as “very dangerous” because they make it much harder to impose the Homosexual Agenda on our kids.
So we went to the meeting room in the basement of the convention hall at the assigned time and place. There were several people milling about sitting at tables playing cards talking about the game the previous year where a guy had been photographed with long hair and a beard then shaved his head and face making it hard to find him. Snatches of conversation filtered in then the presentation began.
A big project has come to a close… I believe. Well the first phase has come to a close and now “the process” begins. I have been very exhausted since my return from the break. I got little rest while spending time in “Sweet Home Alabama”. I was renewed from seeing family and just being there in Alabama…but I am tired.
Real behavior change doesn't happen due to the advent of a 99-cent app or an angry bird. Or because some modern-day neo-exhibitionist narcissist has posted photos of his kid's fourth birthday.
What did you slappers get up to for New Years Eve? :)
OK, rant over! Go have a look at it for yourself and make up your own mind what you think.
Shall I walk carefully along the earth
Quatro was still a place of daily screams and pleas for mercy from physically abused prisoners. Saturday was the worst day.
Just like the great, endless sky.
There couldnt be a greater spot for La Cuevita than Highland Park.
From YouTube: MLA
My Cookie Monster may not be blue, but he is all shades of cuteness!
Traffic court can blow me. Bring on the theives and murderers! At least they're interesting...
H is admitted to hospital in St Georges on 13th October and diagnosed with Hepatitis B, probably contracted from an insect bite. In the hospital, she has a bed and medical treatment. But that's all. Sheets, pillows, food etc all have to be brought in. I will have to get up in the morning, cook, take the food to hospital, sit with H a while, return home to cook again, then back to the hospital ... There isn't much room for anything else.
His conclusion?
And don't forget ..you still have time to get our Stamp of the Month at half price for the whole month of December .. perfect for last minute Christmas cards .. or to start on next years !!
5. Draw (and label) two of the three story structures Harrower talks about in Chapter 3.
The thing is i wish people accepted a different reality every now and then, one that i like to call ´own little universe´ with its virtues and flaws and just smiled.
I am a little biased on this one. Let me first tell you why I think The Doctor is cool. First, he doesn’t even need a name. Second, he has the biting sarcasm I love in a man. Third, he’s a hologram. You know what I’d do if I were a hologram? Make myself invisible and spy on all the hot Ensigns. You know what he did? HE SAVED LIVES. Now, for my bias, I actually got to meet Robert Picardo at a signing in St. Louis a few months ago. I got his autograph and he said “Have a nice day,” and I said “Mtmrmemamathanksyou” because I’m socially awkward AND HE WAS ON STAR TREK.
Did 6 mile hike on Sussex boardwalk/Appalachian trail
Our sources say that Campbell recently visited Najib in KL and has been behind advice over the past couple of months to show a more friendly image, such as the promise to reform detention laws (a gesture which has subsequently been put on indefinite hold) and the concept of a “Cool Najib”, reflective of the coining of Tony Blair’s “Cool Britannia” back in the 1990s!
If you ever watch Frasier, a sitcom I absolutely love partially because I’m in love with Niles, they are Psychiatrists, not Psychologists, and they seem to spend the entire “almost hour” with their patients. Now, however, you don’t get that and I miss it. (But we all know American Healthcare is in the fucking toilet so I guess I’m just beating an already dead horse (excuse the metaphor) on that one.) While I do eventually want to be a Psychologist, I think it would be better if I was with an actual Psychiatrist for the entire time and I would like him, or her, to do the talk therapy with me so he can try to figure out what it is I really need without fucking guessing. Sometimes people just need talk therapy, which I know is part of what I need, but I also need actual medicine because there is a chemical imbalance which is causing me to have some of the thoughts and feelings I’m having and I would really like one person to take care of all of this!
This brew the economist witch doctors cooked up has been great for the world, and great for about 2% of Americans. But it’s sucked big time for the other 98% of us. So guess what, people — “World Economy” has just been cancelled.
The the Rye Bock went bye bye.
In spring, we really have to agree with Ferris Bueller of movie fame, who famously stated, "Life moves pretty fast. If you don't stop and look around once in a while, you could miss it." That's what we try to do in My Florida Backyard!
*But that little fact might kind of prove the point: If you don't include last year, I had to go back to his ROOKIE SEASON to find a month when he hit less than .250. Even last year, he only had one month when he did it -- he hit .245 in April.
There is a ghost at the table around which the four principal negotiators have been sitting these last three days, trying to resolve Zimbabwe's political crisis.
from Bob Slayer
Neil Gorton Big sadness. Rest in Peace
Personal observations aside, I do have some finishes to show you! First up is the needlecase I made with the Flowering Crown chart by Just Nan. Although it isn't perfect I still love it! It's the first needlecase I have ever completed and it turned out nice. I have learned from the mistakes I made on this particular case and will be sure to make any future attempts better! So here it is:
“Swimming by Mail” a single channel work by Raul Marroquin Amsterdam 1973.
For the past two to three weeks, I’ve pretty much been bumming around. I’ve been looking for jobs on Craigslist, but it’s hard to apply for a job when I can’t picture myself working on particular job. An administrative position does seem sort of boring after working my last job; too much sensitive information and paperwork. So I’m not sure if I’ll be going back to that again. But I’m thinking of going back to Walgreens if I can. I applied online to two stores. One store is a 24 hour store, and another is opening next month. I called the 24 hour store today, and the person who answered said they might be hiring soon, which is promising. I’m praying that the shifts won’t be overnight shifts. Maybe I’ll work those, but I really hope it won’t be the case. For the new store, if I remember correctly how it goes, they transfer people from the other stores. I don’t know why Walgreens’ application has a second part of the application that’s in-store. It seems like a really odd conversation to have with the manager of a store. “Hey… I filled out a Walgreens job application, can I use you computer to finish the second half?” … Okay. Maybe the conversation is less weird when I write it out.
Christmas Eve is the second-worst day on the road. The worst is Thanksgiving, when sweet old ladies take their Corollas out for the once a year spin. Gotta keep that oil circulating you know, young man.
Total fat 1.5 g 3%
The first sniffs of this beer didn't smell sour at all. So I expected that the beer would not approach flavors as sour as I initially figured it would. I guessed wrong. Very wrong, in fact. This thing was deep with flavors of tart currants and unripe cherries. There was way more going on than I'd anticipated.
Now the frying!
* Visiting Margie's grave in the 95-degree heat in Yakima. I'm glad to remember Margie, but it always gives me a jolt to see my daughter's name on a gravestone!
The first two-shot of Manny and the teller together in the same frame (the only shot in the scene both of their faces will be visible together onscreen except, for very briefly, in Shot 21), which also tends to emphasize his size as compared to her. His head from the nose up sees right over the bars, looking down at a woman whose head reaches 2/3rds up in the frame. Manny's hat just touches the top of the frame, his body size somewhat intimidating.
1 formidable
We have moments where she looks me deeply in the eyes, or holds my face for a moment (stillness is so very fleeting in this one), and says momma, and I can barely breathe from it. I feel nearly crushed with the bigness of this, the BIG NESS of this.
it will be different tomorrow.
However, there is some awesome shiz associated with this movie...
I'll be updating my blog soon with a list of the Xyron designers. Be sure to check out their work, as it is such a diverse and talented group!
But these are the moments that
3. Now search for Whittemore Peterson Institute for Neuro-Immune Disease.
And my Charlie may be the reason for that.
Dark: descending dark, and my hand in dense fur.
The font is from an older cricut cartridge called Printing Press. I'm trying hard not to forget to use my old favorite cartridges...even though we have so many fun new cartridges out now. I love all the crazy mismatched font shapes in Printing Press.
Tel-Aviv Israel was the first target approached by the first wave or Iranian missiles. With Israel’s Iron dome missile defense system at the ready Israel fired their defensive missiles and celebrated in joy as the witnessed the Iranian missile that was just speeding through the air at hypersonic speeds turn into a massive fireball and light the night sky.
Just want to give Brad and Katherine a BIG SHOUT OUT for all the work that they do on keeping the pages going and the passion there. The pages wouldn’t be what they are without them at the helm. They have given us a place to go, share our views and all and not be scared to do so. WE have built wonderful friendship with many of those on the pages and can’t wait to meet them face to face and share a beer.
Mar 2011 - All of our 5 plus DH's brother, SIL and their two kids - tubing while they visited us on vacation!
What kind of affects does this have on newly becoming graduates like me and the economy that we are entering into?
Finding His Way
Gosh, that's a hard question. I'm not really sure. Maybe a dignitary or something.
I turned and saw the Old Crone, clothed in a grey hooded cloak, her face ancient and wooden, with a long pointed nose with a hideous wart bulging on the end, one eye and the other nothing more than a huge scar, teeth missing from her mouth she waddled up to me and stared down upon me.
In the 50s and early 60s, Bobby "Blue" Bland was one of the main creators of the modern soul-blues sound. Along with such artists as Sam Cooke, Ray Charles, and Junior Parker, Bland developed a sound that mixed gospel with blues and R&B. Bobby's style of soul-blues was punctuated with a big-band sound and slick, B.B. King-flavored guitar riffs.
How I love to watch the cameras turn on your silver hair
....Weighs a teeny 7lbs 7oz and is very scrummy!...back soon with more details!
Daily the news is flooded with shootings, rape, murder and all manners of wickedness. Happening to adults and children alike. (Like the story last week of a couple who locked their 11-year-old in the bathroom and let him starve to death)
Create any sort of project you would like, just make sure to incorporate somethingfrom the Letter Envy cartridge and at least two other cuts from any other cartridge. Upload a working link or picture of your project to the blog under theMagazine Challenge tab. Remember, you can enter as many times as you want, and we will use the number assigned to your project to randomly pick a winner. Entry deadline is April 13th. If you use the Cricut Craft Room™ design tool to design yourprojects, save your file. If you win, we can share the file with the other Cricut Circle™members! The winner of this challenge will receive $150.00 credit to Cricut.com and your project picture will be featured in the magazine. Get busy! The 13th will be here before you know it!
“Really? I guess my little brother would like it. Or maybe I will just keep it to myself. I think I will name him Timmy.”
I have known my friend, N, for no less than 9 years I think. We went to the same college in Cupertino, we go to the same church, we hung out and laughed together, we stayed up late together, usually it's me making a cake, and her helping me making little fondant figurines, we get very excited over food, and many many more. She is the type of person who can bright up your day instantly, she's always full of smile in any circumstances, always willing to help, very kind-hearted, there is no single negative thing I can think of when I think of her.
Side two:
Since Mr Beeching decided he didn’t want trains going any further south through our town station, any rail journeys we make have to be either via Birmingham, or a car journey of eight miles to Bromsgrove.
Current Controversy in AP.
Yoochun hug his wife tighter and rub his back.
Prototype is an awesome game which you play as Alex Mercer , the protagonist of the storyline. (Visit wikia / wiki for extra stuffs) In the end of the game, AM killed the general who attempted to kill him .
They followed the bomb as far as the North Korean citizens’ association headquarters in Tokyo.
He received my little talk about under-aged drinking, puking, puke clean-up charge, heads out windows, blowing up speakers, and communicating clearly with me.
*Most Encouraging Film-IT”S A WONDERFUL LIFE
I awaken with the peace flowing throughout my body. It’s as if I was always there in the room but at the same time, I was away. I went to a most peaceful place. It was the mind/body harmony zone. I want to go back. I can, as often as I’d like. So too can you!
I haven’t always liked it, but ever since that switch got flipped inside of me (whenever that was) I just enjoy it. I enjoy the feeling of strength, reaching new personal mileage goals (could care less about how fast I am), and that “runner’s high” that comes after a good run.
OH what a day! I met some good friends at the Big Stamp and Scrapbooking show at Alexandra Palace yesterday and had such fun! I saw my first view of "The Shard" as well!
Princess Academy: Palace of Stone by Shannon Hale
Refreshments kindly provided by Pabst Blue Ribbon.
Rounds 3-6 : Chain 3 and do 1 double crochet in each stitch the whole way around. Join with slip stitch to the top of your first chain 3. For the preschooler hat or if its looking too short on your model/recipient/nearest child in sight then add another round or two of exactly the same so you end up with 7 or 8 rounds. Cut wool and weave in ends.
Heat up wok and put in a tablespoon of vegetable oil. Saute shallots and fresh turmeric until fragrant. Add pork belly. Fry until they are cooked. Add tomato sauce, light soya sauce, salt to taste, cashew nuts and pineaple. Serve with steamed rice.
To a TGIM worklife!
Malema faces a leadership challenge, but is expected to be reelected and his nationalization drive will probably gather steam in the lead-up to next year's ANC national conference, which sets policies for the party.
I love how they pop against the white flowers.
9. Even the ceiling on the second floor was really cool.
- Revised 6-piece Brush Set and Bag ($14.99) holds even more of your favorite brushes, and comes with a Blush Brush, Mini Foundation Brush, Mini Powder Brush, Spoolie Brush, and a Detailed Eye Shading Brush.
Scarborough: Tom I heard you talked
My early loaves seemed to be very labor intensive and I realised that I wouldn’t be able to keep that up regularly, so I experimented with time-cutting techniques. We don’t own a breadmaking machine and our house has enough clutter that I didn’t want to invest in one. Plus bread machine loaves look ridiculous to me. So this meant figuring out other ways of being more efficient. No mean feat for a person who is the very embodiment of inefficiency.
Life insurance can provide an instant buyout fund when there is a triggering event. Either the company or co-owners can own policies on fellow shareholders and use the proceeds to buy out the interest from the deceased’s family. Life insurance can provide the assurance that surviving owners can maintain control of their company and protect their operating cash flow from the buyout requirement.
‘Atheism’ means the negation of theism, the denial of the existence of God.
To the issue of the day.
I really can't believe it's still raining!!! Will be checking if my feet are webbed soon!
Making salsa is an experience. It takes an entire day. There's a lot of peeling and chopping and chatting and simmering and tasting. I can hardly describe the wonderful smell that fills up the house as soon as the salsa starts to simmer. It's a warm, spicy smell that I find oddly comforting and extremely nostalgic. You open the door and you know immediately - It's a salsa day.
The Thief of Bagdad
Friday night I finished Extremely Loud and Incredibly Close. It was disappointing. Especially because of how he left the grandpa and grandma. They still don’t know how to live. At least not how to live in any way that isn’t mourning. It grieves me and reminds me of Ivan Karamazov.
Granted, old lady Cassie is much more a Team Nathan fan these days. They better not kill off his character!!!
i can see their personalities in their faces.....
I used the SU background stamp, Sanded, and stamped it on the patterned paper with Brilliance Galaxy Gold ink.
"You're the Clearseer. Take a look around, see if you can spot anything that might say." The Gatemaker's stiff tone made the instruction peremptory, and Rel bristled. Still, despite the headache he knew he was inviting, it was the best way to figure out what they'd found.
Down where it's wetter
Today, I'm excited to share the news that I'm a Guest Designer for the Love to Create Challenge Blog. I was so happy to be asked to design for their 15th challenge. This week, it's a fun bingo challenge, so I hope you'll play along with us. I chose to use the far right column which is: Die Cuts, Embossing, Flowers.
I was starting to feel better yesterday so I went to work, (how stupid was that decision?) at a different farm to where I normally work. I got rained on while getting the cows in, stood in a cold draft milking for two hours, got rained on again putting the cows away, and then drove home with blue lips in my non-heated car. So now I am off work for most of the rest of the week.
After quoting the passage Naik contends that,
On to the other hot-drink-based bargain – Pool teacups in “Blue Moon”. I found a set of 6 in an Oxfam shop for £8. I didn’t know what they were at the time, I just liked the shape. Sadly I’ve broken several of the cups and I’ve discovered that they are not cheap to replace. There’s lots of colourways including a lovely lemon yellow and a two-tone turqouise one.
feeling the same
Countries where
Best Photo Printer Reviews (bestphotoprinterreviews.wordpress.com) is a participant in the Amazon Services LLC and Amazon EU Associates Programmes designed to provide a means for sites to earn advertising fees by advertising and linking to amazon.com, amazon.ca, amazon.co.uk, amazon.de, amazon.fr, amazon.it and amazon.es. Certain content that appears on this website comes from Amazon Services LLC and/or Amazon EU. This content is provided “as is” and is subject to change or removal at any time.
That’s the group that had this crazy plan that somehow they could take over the world’s oil and still control the world through the 21st century.
"Aaaah! Jazzy it's a cockroach!"
RODRIGUEZ: What did he say?
In fact, when you’re in a position like mine, you start to notice a lot about people’s dating habits. You also wind up making friends with guys who admit their dating preferences freely, knowing that – since you’re no longer fat – they won’t offend you. I’ve had men admit to me that they get chewed out for dating so many non-Black women, but they don’t seek out women who are simply non-Black – they seek out women who are fit. They seek out women who work out. They meet women and make friends in the gym, the one place where they spend all their non-work time, and want a partner that not only understands that but will be right there with him…working out. They don’t want a partner who complains about how much time they spend “up in the gym, just workin’ on their fitness.” You and I might know that now, but I certainly didn’t know it before.
Speaking of my sister, Sunday is her 40th birthday! I'm trying to be nice here because that will be me in five years :) In honor of my sister, my mom, sister, aunt, cousins and I are having a girls weekend! I'm so excited! The girls each have birthday parties this weekend and I have a bunch of crafty things I want to work on too, so somehow we're going to have to work it all in! What are your plans?
I even had to make my own coffee.
I like surprises. I really do. Not the kind where your pooch leaves you a mammoth I-can't-believe-you-left-me-alone-with-what's-her-face-for-the-whole-weekend dump in the middle of the carpet. Not the kind where your teenager discovers she's oops-wonder-how-that-happened skipped a period. And I'm not too sure about the I-told-my-parents-about-you-and-YOUR-BLOG announcement, cuz . . . holy first impressions, Batman! Those heart-stopping surprises can leave you pinging around the room like a crazed pinball in search of a deep, dark hole. But I'm talking about fun surprises. Man surprises, cuz when a man surprises you with his good intentions, you get a feel-good smile out of it. At some point.
I was hoping to find a Wendy's or Subway or McDonald's on the way home, but I turned the wrong way out of the fire station and ended up heading straight into DC, where parking's a chore and there are few fast-food joints to be found. I finally pulled intoa lot behind a local bookstore. We used the bathroom at the store, and then William noticed the little cafe. Pickings were slim, but we got a ham and cheese sandwich and milk. William ate the ham and the bread. I nibbled on the rest. Not exactly the evening I had hoped for, but William seemed to enjoy it. We finally made it home at 8:00.
When I was in Paris, I pretty much never questioned what I wore. I saw lots and lots women wearing black, gray, and denim. Well, so did I. Why not? It was practical AND it fit a world of gray 19th-century stone. It fit the environment, and there was never a single reason to think about another color. Sure, I saw navy or red or gold--and one of my favorite combinations was cognac and black. Cognac and black (cognac shoes/bag + black everything else) is the coolest combo. Ever since, I've been on the lookout for cognac-colored shoes and bags.
At a choral concert on Sunday I heard the Sussex Carol.
So, imagine my delight when I discovered The Glossy Box… one of the girls in the office walked into my office with a little Harrods box all wrapped up and she handed it to me. With a huge smile on my face and a few shrieks of joy I opened it, photographed it and opened it some more. At this stage two others had come into my office to see what all the panic was over!
Even the grand payday that is supposed to be the Diamond League only offers the athletes a 50% chance at earning a living, since each meet only offers half of the available events! The same goes for most of the meets on the “Circuit”. Yet the meet promoters, announcers, and everyone else associated with meets still get paid for a full meet – even if only half the events/athletes are competing.
3. Prince Charmings really do exist, they just all happen to be British and hidden away.
The average homosexual, if there be such, is promiscuous...He is not interested or capable of a lasting relationship like that of a heterosexual marriage. His sex life, his love life, consists of a series of one-chance encounters at the clubs and bars he inhabits. And even on the streets of the city—the pick-up, the one night stand, these are characteristics of the homosexual relationship. Wonder if all of those awards he's gathered up over the years are now gonna hafta be returned to whatever rightful owners there are, eh? Yeah, I know that all of those media progressives ended up doin' a complete 180 on their own views regarding gaydom in general once the heat began to be put on, but still we gotta punish 'em all for those murderous past indiscretions, right???
15:00 Afternoon Tea
I’ve had people tell me, “I don’t feel like saying nice things…” or “I just felt they needed a piece of my mind!” Well, I didn’t feel like getting up this morning- but I did. Why? I had responsibilities. My future as well as my current quality of life depended on me getting up and doing what I was committed to today. If we only do what we feel like doing we will never be successful. What about the morning we wake up and don’t feel married? Or better yet, what about when we don’t feel saved? The Bible teaches us that we MUST “walk by faith” and not by our feelings and emotional impulses. We have to choose to speak positive words because they are shaping and directing our lives.
I got about a third of the way through the chapter. I'm finally making a proper start and getting excited about getting through the course.
ARTiST…. : Moguai
I do have other vintage pieces, but believe it or not, I kept things a little more minimalist here this season. Well, my tastes have evolved as well. Who knows what will be out next year!
And last but not least: For the first time since I started checking in at locations via the location-based social-networking site Foursquare, the site actually helped me network with a couple of friends—one of whom had noticed I had checked in to Village East Cinemas for the Lola screening, both of whom were on their way at the time to see a rock concert at Gramercy Park last night—to arrange dinner plans right after the screening, which let out at about 6 p.m. If I had not checked in at the movie theater on Foursquare and thus sent an indirect alert to my friends, I probably would not have had any delicious (gluten-free) risotto at Risotteria—a small restaurant on Bleeker Street—tonight; I probably would have just gone straight home, thus closing out my Friday on a relatively duller, lonelier note. Not to say that my mother's dinner leftovers wouldn't have been delicious as well (I have to admit, my mother is not too bad a cook herself)—but I was in a particularly eager mood to close out my very good Friday with a bout of extra socializing...and thanks in large part to Foursquare, that desire became a savory reality.
Lill: And this is likely my fault as I may have told them you whore around more than a Disney star about to release her first single.
“Yes”.
Other links
I found the section on the symbolism of architecture (for example, how villains in such films as L.A. Confidential and To Live and Die in L.A. reside in modernist works of art) and revisionist histories (Chinatown, Who Framed Roger Rabbit, and again, L.A. Confidential) to be the most interesting. Both subjects are likely rich enough to deserve their own full-length treatments. I was less satisfied with Andersen’s theory of “high-tourist” and “low-tourist” filmmakers, which essentially separates movies made by outsiders (be they New Yorkers, like Woody Allen, or Europeans, like Michelangelo Antonioni or Roman Polanski) into two categories. “High-tourist” films celebrate the city, even if they don’t always like it, while “low-tourist” films wallow in common stereotypes, like Allen’s (in)famous quote from Annie Hall – “why would I want to live in a city where the only cultural advantage is that I can make a right turn on a red light?” This dichotomy is reductive at best, and seems to work at cross-purposes to Andersen’s overall goal of expanding and exploring the topic of how movies treat Los Angeles.
What is your favourite food/drink and why?
He sired two decades of litters born in the huge wooden shed,
Marianne
When I woke up in the morning he was already gone for his 3rd insanely long run of the week. (This, my friends, is why HE is running the Boston Marathon and I am only going as the cheerleader!) Yeah, I woke up still tipsy. The dogs and I continued the party while I got ready to meet Cilley Girl for our shopping day. Once I saw her I had to warn her that not only did I have some Meniere's related vertigo going on, I was still a bit rummy. Oy!
Half moons with one of my favourite colors: China Glaze Jolly Holly from last year's Christmas collection.
My friends were really excited to check out The Diner since I've instagrammed pictures after every single one of my visits there recently. This time, I sampled their pistachio ice cream which is only £1 for a scoop! Total bargain.
Which I liked and was happy with...until I got it on the wall. I let just one of them sit on the wall for a day to see if it would grow on me. It just looked ... kind of blah with the color of my wall and the rest of my decor.
The blue on the butterfly wings is accentuated with blue cellophane, the kind you'd use to wrap a basket. It gives a wonderful sheen and sparkle. I used colored pencils and a sparkle gel pen, and made the flowers with rhinestones for just a bit of bling. The image is cut and matted with a Spellbinders die, and the card is scalloped with a border punch.
My purpose is not to condone or excuse such behavior. Rather, my purpose is to earnestly endeavor to educate those in policy-making positions – especially those who have never worn the uniform or had to face enemy fire, in the exquisite science of facing reality.
I ended up reading a book called Dear Whiskers by Ann Whitehead Nadga. I wish I'd found something else. It was cute on initial, at-my-desk, read. Reading it aloud, all I could hear was classroom dynamics, mean girl/teacher's pet nonsense, and the whining of the main character to be let out of a task when the results aren't instantaneously gratifying. I've edited out a lot of the mean girl stuff on the fly and my kids don't seem to notice. So why did it need to be included?
Why is the USPTO Doing This?
Welcome to another fantabulous Monday! I can't believe it's already May -- can you? Mother's Day is quickly approaching, so we're celebrating moms this week at Fantabulous Cricut. Challenge #110 asks us to make a project for mom or a special lady with her favorite color.
**FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE** December 15, 2009
She soon falls in love with a man whom she hates, than that to which the indifferent.
Because Hilary is the cunt on this show and no one should ever out-cunt her.
Rachel was seething inwardly, and wished she’d followed her instincts and made an excuse to leave after the second round of drinks. “You gave up football because you preferred going out and getting drunk to keeping as fit as the academy wanted you too,” she hissed back at him. “And you should be bloody grateful that you could tell your parents it was to spend more time with me instead of having to admit to them you were just a lazy sod!”
"Don't forget to tell Grandma and Grandpa about that little girl," she told me. As if I could forget. We got inside and I explained.
I don't often double-post from one of my other blogs, but this is one of those times; since the Session Beer Project actually started here, it seems proper.
Complementing the billboard campaign is a statewide radio advertisement, which uses real audio of McCaskill responding to questions about the private jet issue. Both the spot and billboard are part of the American Crossroads www.TruthAboutClaire.com campaign, and can be viewed and listened to here.
Wednesday night my friends Denton, Sam, and I hastily departed in search of a used postal Jeep for Denton; his 1994 Toyota Corolla Wagon recently died after 300,000 miles. Years ago, his first postal Jeep shorted out its wiper motor and burned the truck to the ground, but Denton, undeterred with the list of Craig Newmark, found another Jeep in Potter, near Atchison, Kansas.
We have loved this "room" of our life here in Pensacola.
The answer is, I don’t know.
If the dough offered as firstfruits is holy, so is the whole lump, and if the root is holy, so are the branches.
- We warm ten's of thousands of toes every single day
Here's the thing. Awards are like pizza: even when they're bad, they're still pretty good (I almost used another example but this is a family blog).
Mark Smith, Technical Director: “The Circuit de Catalunya is a track every team knows extremely well. We have already tested there twice this year as the layout gives the cars a good test of most of the track conditions we see throughout the season – fast, high G corners, a long straight and a number of slower speed corners where good traction is key. It is also one of the more technically demanding tracks for the drivers and offers a bit of everything. Turns 3 and 9 are high-speed corners and finding a balance for both together is not easy. The final sector is also a good challenge – the car has to make big changes of direction so you need good mechanical grip to maximise your lap time.”
The story of the happening has to be plucked from noise. Here’s where the writing and acting are particularly strong, with characters speaking in elliptical, semi-conscious prestidigitation, trying to verbally camouflage their own fears and secrets. Early on, the show’s producer defends specific townspeople who are precariously recovering alcoholics just trying to hold onto their jobs; later, she seeks refuge in the dj’s bottle of Glenfiddich and refers to being continually drunk at the end of her marriage. Ah…so her earlier words were partly about herself, and partly a feint away from “I’m an alcoholic and your jokes about drunks are painful.”
Pete used the James reading to speak of how the Church has so frequently been hypocritical in the way it treats the rich in preference over the poor, he reminded us that we all have our blind spots and justify our failure to love our neighbour as Christ commanded us, with all kinds of very reasonable reasons which, if we thought about it for a moment, betray the Crucified Christ and all his teachings. I was taken particularly by a poem Pete read by Studdert-Kennedy (see below) and it was the image of Christ crouching against a wall in the pouring rain that inspired the picture.
So I called and told them I did not receive the emailed copy and had just received the mailed copy, and asked if they would stipulate to extend the response time. They refused. They forwarded me a copy of an email confirmation from the Court allegedly proving that they emailed a copy to me on the day they filed it. I emailed back, explaining that their mistake was now clear -- they had entered the email address improperly, and so it did not get to me. They still refused to stipulate to an extension.
Quite possibly the best pink lipstick ever? I'll keep this short as I have a post in the works that will be more in depth, but do pick this up if you happen to see it. It is said to be a dupe of MAC Angel, but I don't have it so I can't confirm.
"But" I hear ye ask, "whit dae DINOSAURS!!!! - fearful as they may be - have tae dae with the Ulster Scots?" A guid question, and wan worth addressin'. The answer can be foun' in new studies carried oot by the Department o' Auld Larnin' at the University o' Mid Antrim. Professor Willie McIlveen has been lukin at the DINOSAURS!!!!! to try as to ascertain wither or nae they were frae Scotland an' cud therefur be described as the first Ulster Scots. His larnin has revealed a couple o' startlin' facts -
02-Nero & The Gladiators - Boots
Through March 29, 2008
Also, Forest City Ratner's promised Transportation Demand Management plan, anticipated to be released last December, has been delayed multiple times, and is now due out May 22--leaving a very brief opportunity for public input.
TV Guide reports that Private Practice’s renewal was also a surprise, because the show lost almost 30% of it’s viewers when it moved to Tuesday nights. When Private Practice premiered in 2007 it received 14.41 million viewers.
Thanks, and happy reading!
The Dukes, Lancaster 5th-6th November
He’s wrapped the Reichstag, the Pont Neuf, and islands in Florida; he’s erected gates in Central Park, and umbrellas in Japan and California.
Hello readers! As a first blog post on this WordPress platform, this is mainly a test. But since you are reading this, I didn’t want to create disappointment with pointless post. So here is tip for you on creating an CV or resume in any web browser.
As a play, A THOUSAND CLOWNS ran for two years and like plenty of other successful shows, was optioned for a feature film by United Artists. Its director Fred Coe had produced film and television but never made a feature before, and as originally shot, was a mostly straightforward adaptation, with a little bit of outdoor action to open it up from its one-room setting. But after an initial edit, audiences and Gardner agreed that something just didn't work - all the laugh lines were there, but it just felt rote instead of dynamic. With the blessings of director Coe and the indulgence of editor Ralph Rosenblum, an unprecedented ten months was spent literally rebuilding the movie into the form that it is now known and loved. And for that, inspiration came from an unusual source...
Now I usually squirt the shaving cream for the kids, and then let them "go to town." This has worked beautifully for me in the past. This time, I just put the can out, and watched to see what they could do.
This comes a couple of weeks too late, but it would be useful for people who are trying to compile lists of people to read the Book of Acts on Easter Eve, for for the Maundy Thursday Vigil (if Anglicans and Roman Catholics still have those).
But, just to be sure, we got out a spoon and went digging around for something.
'So I see. Who was it that won then?'
Global Markets Direct’s, Burns – Pipeline Review, H1 2012, provides an overview of the Burns therapeutic pipeline. This report provides information on the therapeutic development for Burns, complete with latest updates, and special features on late-stage and discontinued projects. It also reviews key players involved in the therapeutic development for Burns. Burns – Pipeline Review, H1 2012 is built using data and information sourced from Global Markets Direct’s proprietary databases, Company/University websites, SEC filings, investor presentations and featured press releases from company/university sites and industry-specific third party sources, put together by Global Markets Direct’s team.
Year of Release: 1965
4. Copyright Control vs. Compensation: The Prospects for Exclusive Rights after Grokster and Kazaa: Jane C. Ginsburg
Tea: 485 calories
New Belgium Brewing Inc. Pat's Stout
The striking 41MP camera of the Nokia 808 PureView won it an award and we can’t get enough of looking at camera samples from it. Nokia themselves released several still and video samples and they were nothing short of amazing.
Turtles are magnificent creatures that live to 100. Though to get to that age is a perilous journey in itself, with only 1 in 1000 reaching maturity. I was lucky enough to see not only see turtles in the water, but also see them laying their eggs and turtle hatchlings racing to the water at night. Baby turtles are adorable and if they survive the multitude of dangers and obstacles in the open ocean when they next come back to the island, they will be 30 years old.
"I was not aiming it at anyone. No-one around would find it offensive. Otherwise, I wouldn't have said it.
The amazingness of a no-hitter in the MLB and the sweet victory and triumph of an NHL playoff win is a reminder that in today’s scandal filled world of sports, there is still the untouchable quality that makes sports what it really is today. While we are constantly faced with the harsh realities of a world in which bounty scandals, NCAA violations, and contract negotiations seem to take over, its the record breaking and hard work of the athletes that should be celebrated. The human interest stories about perseverance and determination is what really makes a sports fan love sports.
What does China’s Wen mean when he says break bank monopoly? – April 04, 2012
My second thesis is that John loves repetition the way a patient teacher loves repetition. The reason you keep covering the same ground is because true mastery requires that it be re-trod. I say this because, when John repeats himself on a subject – as he does, often – each time he approaches the subject he does so from just a slightly different angle. If you have the picture of a great artist patiently pointing out to a young protégé the subtle variations in lilies, or leaves, or sunsets, or shoulders, or strands of hair, or the colors of eyes, I daresay that’s not a bad picture of John’s method.
Zuraida, who has been among those leading PR’s attack on Shahrizat over the National Feedlot Centre (NFC) scandal, slammed the minister for her refusal to relinquish her Wanita Umno post, saying it would have been a good opportunity for her to clean Umno’s tarnished image.
The Land Bank is a public entity responsible for rural development and financing of established and emerging farmers. It reports to Minister of Land Affairs Thoko Didiza.
My great friend, Paul, helped me to get things cleaned up, and finished up with our bill as I took Natalie down the back stairs and to the car. The poor dear, feeling so bad knew we had to go home to get cleaned up and her tummy was still hurting.
The other day I was craving McDonald's fries something terrible. So I decided to see if the craving would go away or get stronger with time....well it got stronger and stronger. With my lifestyle change I have decided if I have a craving that keeps getting stronger and stronger then I will satisfy it right then if I can so that it doesn't get to the point where I can't control it. So after my nail appointment off to McDonald's I headed for Big Extra with Cheese and Bacon, Fries and a Coke. Oh it smelt so good and when I did get home to enjoy my supper it tasted so delicious. I haven't had McDonald's for 3 months at least. What surprised me most was how sweet the Coke tasted. I don't remember it being so sweet, but I guess when you drink it pretty much on a daily basis you don't notice the sweetness of it. Being POP free for the last 3 months with the exception of probably 3 glassed of the sweet nectar I can see why it was so sweet tasting.
Yeah, I stared at her confused for a moment. A true story where teens are sent to kill each other as tributes? Umm I hope not.
Once they are done with each other the whites will take over this country, there will be very few blacks left in this place.
"It’s cleared you're system out a little bit", said Moon.
When the study participants were informed about other contraceptive methods such as intrauterine devices (IUDs) and contraceptive implants and their effectiveness, 71 per cent switched to one of these options.
Pokertracker Video 1
Through the migrant labour storyline, Spencer-Fleming is also able to show how we often only see what we want to see and not what is actually going on. Clare, although she had lived in Millers Kill for over two years at the point when the story starts, had not realised that there was such a large population of migrant workers. I love how the characters in the books are able to admit to their faults, that they had not seen the problem. Often, I find, people are supremely unwilling to admit to this.
Average granted rates were just over 4%.
“You’re not a mediocrity,” I added. “You’re something way better. That’s important.”
Sweatpants have so many variations which have develop to define their own categories of athletic pants. The popular style of sweatpants are used widely during sports activity, its simple to understand because they provides much comforts and keep the cold out while allowing the individual not to get so hot. All the age groups enjoy the sweatpants fashion because it gives a stylish look to your body personality and also flair style to your wardrobe alongside providing a comfortable fit. Sweatpants are considered the best selection and long lasting wearable clothing item.
Icewolf: Yup. It's perfect too!
So, in case someone else needs one for a project, I did a quick little tutorial on how I did it.
What is Michelle Obama’s secret fantasy? Apparently, to “walk right out the front door and just keep walking.”
“Just humor me sir. Were there many explosions in the movie?”
For the TLC we were limited with what we could use -- nothing modern such as dies, embossing folders, or an abundance of patterns and ribbons..... I cut the border with pinking shears, used one piece of patterned paper, pierced the edge, and added a little ribbon. Didn't break any challenge rules!
Our whole foyer, living room, stairway and loft are all Beechwood Gray from Porter Paints. I used the darker tone on this paint chip, Vermont Brown, for the accent areas in these spaces:
KERS is a system which harvests energy under braking and stores it to provide the driver with an extra power boost each lap. A simple technical summary of KERS is here (http://scarbsf1.wordpress.com/2010/10/20/kers-anatomy/ ).
She won the first prize in a nation-wide travel diary competition of the Turismo Brasil Service Magazine and got 7th place in a short story competition in Spain.
About an hour and a half south of Cleveland, the facility makes a fascinating subject for photographers! Beauty on the outside, something else entirely on the inside! What a contrast. They do warn however that the peeling paint contains lead and may pose a hazard.
Our gorgeous bride Kate has had a great time playing princess with her small attendants. She has "ooohed" and "ahhhed" at all the right places and genuinely loved taking herself out of the adult realm of wedding stress to enjoy a bit of play before her big moment of the day. While all of the children have run off to burn away some sugar heightened energy levels, Kate takes a break of her own, to enjoy the moment before all eyes are on her. A bite of a buttery cupcake and a good book of love poetry perhaps?
There was a little crazy going on last week and over the weekend on the East Coast. Early in the week there was an Earthquake that started in VA, then starting on Thursday Hurricane Irene made her way from Florida all the way to New England. It looks like the Carolinas, New York State, and New Jersey got hit pretty bad. There were also some Tornados that came through some areas. It's sad to hear about the tragedies and I hope everyone reading is safe as well as your loved ones. We had some tree branches down and some of the near by creeks flooded a little bit, as well as some trees down in the nearby park, and power outages around town, but as far as our home and everyone in our family we are safe, dry, and with power. We hope that those who are without power are safe and those in flooded areas have made it to a dry, safe place to stay. It's no joke when it comes to Mother Nature...if there is reason to leave and go some place else...please do so.
In heaven, there will be no more tears and nothing to fear. In heaven, there will be no more death and no reason for pain. In heaven, all will be well and beautiful. In heaven, there will be an eternity of Peace and Love and Light.
Do you think the digital age has rendered traditional concepts of copyright obsolete, or do you think they are still relevant?
January 14, 2012
So what is the use of Article 5 of the Human Rights Act?
3. Groups can ideate, creating a lot of varied ideas fast
There’s a plethora of punchlines in the book that makes that minor flaw essentially disappear: “...the best beauty is mute” (“Peter Berlin”); “Will you/be the mosquito netting/draping my honeymoon bed...” (“The Slip”); “So take a course in Arts & Crafts,/buy a glue gun or sewing machine./The support staff has been promoted!/Your court gesture is now the Queen.” (“’Uh, didn’t you get the memo?’”); “My tough leather headbanger well hid the lace/only I glimpsed as she kept my straight face.” (“Running with the She-Wolf.”)
I am disheartened to read "How the city hurts your brain" from the Boston Globe, January 2, 2009 (see it here). Many nature lovers both in and out of the city have of course long maintained that the city was injurious to mental health while nature was restorative. And city lovers have extolled the benefits of a stimulatory environment rich in culture and the deadening of suburban and rural life.
Taking that one step further, I do not need anyone's approval for how to raise my children at all. Frankly, I would like approval; my life feels happier when I am in concert and agreement with people for whom I care, and despite what people say the sense of affiliation that comes with approval is a driving factor for almost all humans. But I don't need it. I look at my children at play and at rest, at morning and at night, in pain and in health, in sorrow and in joy, in uncertainty and in harmony, and I know that I have their approval of the choices we have made.
"I have to admit the greatest thrill I ever had was being on The Donny & Marie Show, said adorable Kristy McNichol. "I don't think it's any big secret that I've had a ~remendous crush on Donny Osmond for the longest time. The cast and crew of Family would always kid me because I have his picture hanging in my dressing room, it got to the point that I would even wear purple socks because it's Donny's favorite color.
to Attorney General Eric Holder accusing the NYPD of trampling the civil rights of Muslims and other minorities. "As a result," it said, "Muslims are being sent the message that the government officials entrusted with protecting their rights will not do so, and furthermore, these officials will not investigate allegations of police misconduct."
We therefore consider the following model:
-You do love sleeping in my bed next to me
To be able to walk back to bed after the milongas, you need to be staying in the hall, which as far as accommodation goes is a sort of cross between an Oxford college and a nice conference centre. It still helps to have a torch, as part of the way is unlit, but my companion and I managed quite easily without one, it's only five minutes. The rooms are very nice, but expensive - our twin room was £99 per night. To save money, or if there is no room at the hall, you can stay at one of many bed and breakfasts in Dartington or Totnes, but then you'll need transport. One of my partners used a bicycle lent to him by his B&B, who also made him sandwiches. Others drove or got lifts with those who did. The organisers thought about the comfort of their guests - they gave detailed information about all this in advance, and made announcements to match people up with seats. If you had a spare seat you were asked to take a sticker so that someone who needed a lift could find you.
Stretch marks? no new ones
I’m over half way now. Module 8 – Advanced SOA Design & Architecture is the fourth test module and the last in the SOA Certified Architect programme to introduce new concepts and content. The fifth and final module (Module 9) is purely a lab exercise exam – designed to pull together all the concepts from the previous four modules. There will be more on Module 9 in the final blog article on the series.
I don’t know how many of my readers were taught, as I was, that science is inherently self-policing and that any researcher who stooped to faking data would inevitably doom his career. Claims like these are difficult to defend in the face of numbers of the sort just cited. Logic went through the same sort of moral collapse in its time; the English word "sophistry" commemorates the expert debaters of fourth-century Greece who could and did argue with sparkling logic for anyone who would pay them.
Why is this information being passed on to journalists? Is it just part of a giant propaganda campaign to get the Iranians to take the threat of attack seriously (and thus give up the nuclear program without a fight), or is this telling the world that Israeli will, in fact, be attacking Iran this year?
George and Cynthia Mitchell
And the best thing is that it is a lot like Picnik-
3. Favorite leisure activity?
There's not a whole lot to write about the gardens right now. I do try to update every fortnight or so just to watch the growth. It is kind of neat to look back at how small it all started. We always have the harvest to look forward to. Kate will have to dry some herbs this fall so we can use them all winter long!
Police are looking for two men of Asian appearance in connection with Mr McKeeney's death - but there is currently "absolutely nothing" to suggest he was murdered for racial reasons, DCI Gailey said. He said: "The cause of Mr McKeeney's death was the result of a physical attack on him. He suffered injuries to his head and body - there is nothing to suggest a weapon was used - but I'm not in a position to rule a particular weapon out.
I worked for an hour, despite hearing the little whimpering cries of my artworks to forget cleaning and work on them. I let my paint pallets soak, put everything back in their proper boxes, and scrubbed my table top. Just so you know, I am a clean person, I shower daily (unless it’s the weekend) and floss my teeth regularly. I just have a hard time putting things away because I get so excited about working on stuff.
Jax is a gift to us, and we are so thankful to God today for nine years with Jax!
I received the 'lil punk print, and while I didn't choose it, Leah couldn't have picked a better print for me. I like the edgy style, but I'm a little baffled by what it's actually supposed to say.
organic walnuts- 1.26 lbs at $8.29/lb- $10.45- I go in phases with walnuts. I’m currently on a love phase. I use them for everything- oatmeal, soups, salads, roasted vegetables (especially good roasted with olive oil and balsamic vinegar), and lately I’ve been having them as snacks
It is really impossible to workout with my dog in the same room. She licks my face and gets in my way. But, I love her and it’s adorable.
J: Sand or Snow.
Me: Sound of teeth clenching, light sweat forming on brow*
What I am trying to say in this convoluted round-about way is that I need to laugh. I need to smile. I need to radiate that happiness I feel swelling up inside and act on it. No longer do I want to stifle a laugh, I want to bellow. I want to tell my face to take a hint, and smile. It's never easy to hear that you seem unhappy or discontent. It's never easy to hear your husband tear himself down, as he thinks somehow he only disappoints you, when all you do is complain about what you don't have. It's not a warm feeling to realize you have been so cold. I want to be the wife he deserves. I want to be the Mom my son can look up to. I want to be the follower of God who demonstrates His love. I want to change the truth.
I’ve started the form, and aim to get it sent off this week.
"God, I need someone that can help me."
I'm a little embarrassed at my candor turned pity party I threw myself this week. I'm still a little emotional about it all (I swear I'm not pregnant!) and I'm still not sure what decision Brad and I will make, but I'm glad I have such a supportive husband, family, and friends who let me be myself and trust me to make my own decisions. It's also so helpful to know that I'm not alone in my struggle. People have come out of the woodwork to offer support and help watching my kids, and that means more to me than you will ever know. Thank you!!
In other developments: Your baby's limbs can bend now. His hands are flexed at the wrist and meet over his heart, and his feet may be long enough to meet in front of his body." -babycenter.com
You may recall the fun and frivolity that prevailed at the Plough Hotel in Myrniong when Beer Blokes hosted their first formal Beer Dinner back in February. 86 locals – and ‘local’ up Myrniong way means everything between Ballarat and Melton – turned out to enjoy Prof Pilsner’s ‘Introduction to Craft Beer’ with five different styles represented.
I personally feel this small nation, surrounded by hostility and aggression on all sides, daily shows great restraint, as these stories illustrate.
PAUL: Well, you know, so far, we have some pretty good evidence that I’ll do quite well and have a better chance than the rest to beat him, because if you do a national poll, I do very, very well against Obama. But one of the reasons is, is that the freedom message in the Constitution is very appealing to everybody in all political beliefs because it includes free markets, which conservatives endorse, but it also protects civil liberties, the way people run their lives.
Then right after I took it, the penguin opened his mouth and chundered. But not like human chunder, more a casual allowance of the mashed up semi-digested fish guts to fall out of his mouth.
We were proud.
Since I am as yet unable to sell everything and hit the road in an RV, we are traveling the U.S.A. state by state. First we color the state in on our U.S. map...
Well our Plan was ruined. We were driving to the kennel. We were at the kennel. We were inside the kennel. we were getting kissed goodbye (or should I say: Au Revoir?) at the kennel… We were in the cage at the kennel… Were in the cage at the kennel… In the cage at the kennel… The cage at the kennel… Cage at the kennel… At the kennel… The kennel…Kennel…!!! :’( And thus our boring Easter holidays began…:( pretty much all we did was eat and sleep and go potty and drink (and in Libby’s case: LICK!!!!) And then, the day our humans were supposed to pick us up, they called and asked the owner if they could give us an Easter spa treatment…And guess what that meant? It meant a warm bath and some nice grooming…So that was good, it made us more relaxed…And then, while we were drying off in our separate drying cage, OUR HUMANS CAME!! and we were sooooo happy to be back with our humans and to go home at last! (It was actually only 3 days, but it felt a lot longer) and when we got home, we ran and ran, and ate and ate and crashed on the couch, we were so so happy.
Symantec saw targeted attacks rise from 77 per day to 82 per day by the end of 2011. Such targeted attacks use techniques like social engineering and specialized malicious code to provide unauthorized access to hackers seeking specific sensitive information.
And to top it off, he had also been affiliated with Convergys Philippines Services Corporation where he was exposed in the call center environment that presently, has been helping him with his job and training services for HGS.
We wish to thank everyone who has supported and helped us (or just listened) throughout the years.
1: I picked the wrong footwear and had no traction.
Needless to say, there were plenty of tackles flying about with only one interruption … when a fully-clothed streaker ran on to the play field.
Inside Art: Carlos Pino
In Passing Love two women believe that going to Paris will change their lives. The story moves back and forth between the present day and the jazz-fueled Paris of the 1950s.
All this is from God, who reconciled us to himself through Christ and gave us the ministry of reconciliation: that God was reconciling the world to himself in Christ, not counting people’s sins against them. And he has committed to us the message of reconciliation.”
A508 ASTM Specification for Quenched and Tempered Vacuum-Treated Carbon and Alloy Steel Forgings for Pressure Vessels.
Catherine
Thank you for the outpouring of your support. Thank you for the encouragement.
I have a feeling that there will be more questions that will require hard answers as he continues to grow.... and I pray that God will always provide us with answers that will build Michael up... because sometimes the truth is just plain ugly.
5:54AM. There is at last a figure.
Osborne's dissatisfaction is an individualist reaction against the consumer society and nostalgia for a lost past rather than political. Many of his later plays were studies of individuals or groups not comfortable in the world they were in because of a sense of betrayal of moral and aesthetic standards in a culture being over run by the mass produced and the second-rate.
You'll need some bottles from the Pepsi company if you want them to leave a print that looks like flowers! Otherwise, you can use any type of bottle. But we really liked the bottles from the Pepsi company in particular.
i'll see you around...
Here's all the information off the card from the restaurant "Il Maggiolino": Ristorante - Pizzeria Forno a Legna Pesce e Carne. Specializzati anche in PRODOTTI FRESHI Pizza - Pasta - Pane - Dolci - Gelati SENZA GLUTINE. (Address) Via Alessandro Cruto, 9 - 00146 Roma. Tel. 06 557448.
While I import Mexicans and Blacks
I left defeated and couchless!
Hello hello, another week gone by and hello Monday! Not too bad for a Monday today, work was quiet but still went quite fast luckily! I hit the gym for a Xfit class and just chillaxing, Im looking forward to the weekend - 4 day weekend for me hells yeah! hehe
Actually, I do. I hear those words. I hear these voices. But I rarely ever hear them from someone I can see, someone I can touch, someone I can say I know. But there are times when the echoes of these voices remain ringing in my ears that I start thinking maybe what I hear is my own voice. Hence, I get confused.
Not to mention the storied Eleventh Commandment handed down on high from Saint Ronald (trailing clouds of glory, etc.) himself, "Thou shalt not speak ill of a fellow Republican" (never minding the fact that the sinless saint broke that commandment himself in his fruitless run against Gerald Ford in 1976, which many analysts say guaranteed the election of Democrat Jimmy Carter that year...).
The topic of changing a woman's last name to that of her husband's is a great topic of conversation in the No Patterns household. You see, before we got married, I had no problem changing my last name to the hubby's. He has an awesome last name. But as the time passed, and the day to change my name grew nearer, I started feeling a bit weird about the whole practice.
What do you think? All of these items add up to $1550!!! Yea, that's not going to happen.
In Sunny's "California Girl" post,
Oh, well. So much for that whole thing.
We had a family portrait done this summer. My cousin Cory Parris did the shoot. He's a terrific photographer, and we ended up with several lovely photos to choose from. Do you know the one I chose? It's the one where our formal pose has collapsed and we're all cracking up laughing. That is the family I love and enjoy and want to remember always.
2 weeks back, Eelin from the batter baker made a matcha chiffon and was so elated by the results, she sploshed news of it all over msn and facebook. It sure sounded she made the next major archaelogical discovery after the uncovering of the Qin terracottas. Needless to say, curious me had to know which recipe she used. And I’m so glad I probed on. Tried the recipe last Sunday night and true to her words, the chiffon was delicious! The best I’ve made so far for sure and a recipe I look forward to use as a base for other flavours!
“Shhh! NO!”
After looking at all those pictures, and with my aforementioned reasoning, I'm convinced that the slimming or widening effects of stripes have to do with the fit and tailoring of the garment. Vertical stripes are more likely to be tailored or otherwise form lines that help out the silhouette. Contrast might also have something to do with it.
TO FACE JUDGEMENT,
However, you have to figure out the equivalent of what a net royalty would be versus a royalty based on cover price.
So although I feel not well at times my BSL seems to be not too low, or is it my low and off course each individual differs.
I started to write this post a few days ago in the confines of my Cell Block C cubicle and I shivered with every word I typed. I hate to say that I think it was the dregs of my Sinus/Ear Infection but it was shivers nonetheless. The Man knows but doesn't really know how deep my love for Billie Joe Armstrong goes. The Green Day concert was just his front to find both of us in the same city, the same venue, breathing the same August wind.
DATE SUBMITTED: June 30, 20__
I’ll end with their two month birthday pictures – they’ve grown so much since their one month pictures!
Who will save her? Xavier, her predatory boyfriend? Or Candice, the Down syndrome waitress at her favorite coffee shop? At the bottom of her dark well, desperate to get out of the water, there’s nowhere to reach but up.
Y'all have a gorgeous day and remember: If you stumble, make it part of your dance.
Evelyn still pulls the straw out and so there is a little mess, but it is much more contained. I love it.
LD is a lady that is a force of nature. Her enthusiasm and energy radiate throughout the play area. And, she looked really hot on Saturday night in her costume. I had the opportunity to spank her at the party which was really fun. We also danced maniac together on Saturday afternoon.
I'm not really sure how men work.
an old gray blanket, with
I am so distraught over these birds. I frantically think of all the ways I can be the mama bird. I am also thinking about the caterpillar I rescued only an hour before, only to be responsible for the lives of these poor little birdies. Dang it, that caterpillar sure would come in handy right about now…
So, here you go! Here is your chance to win this free one size pocket diaper with 2 microfiber inserts!
Double Pale Ale
This is the first of 3 posts today - very rare that.
That's about one local job for every $2.2 million in contracts. (Of course there are more jobs in total. Then again, at least $55 million in public funds has already been distributed.) There were only three jobs from any one zip code, including that containing the Fort Greene projects (11201).
1962
“Were you scared?”
embellishments if wanted -I use buckeyes for the knob on lid
The Chicago-based research firm found in its new “Bakery Café Consumer Trend Report” that 71 percent of 1,500 consumers surveyed had been to a bakery-café operation, up from 43 percent in a similar report from 2008. Of those bakery-café customers, 72 percent reported visiting a bakery-café restaurant at least once a month.
In most cases, little or nothing is stolen from victims. Black perpetrators often lie in wait for their victims for many hours. In cases where victims actually survived, they testified to inordinate levels of racial abuse. Blacks have also fallen victim to farm attacks, but what is crystal clear is that they are never tortured and rarely murdered – yet with white victims, this is the consistent rule. Increasingly, this kind of terror is being seen in urban attacks against whites, in the form of house invasions.
Everyone hurried to their seats. Scrunge's shaking hands couldn't do up his seat-belt. Stupid Trils. It was all very well for Murg, telling him off when he referred to off-worlders as Trils, but they didn't do much to earn his respect.
A Supporter for 4 Different Great Presidential Potentials!
I have been making order in my little home library because I got a new bookshelf and found this book that I must have bought some 10 years ago. I'm not really into chick lit so I don't think I'll ever come back to it and I thought that maybe someone would like to get it? It's not really in a good state to tell the truth, the spine is bent and I must have poured some water on the last pages although it's not stained or dirty. You can appraise it's looks in the photos.
Then He calls us to engage in this same ministry of bending low to reach others. We don’t walk by friends in caverns and potholes and chasms, pretending that everything is all right or hoping for another bystander to reach down and rescue them.
Tomorrow I’m starting a NEW weekly habit. And I’m nervous about it because I’m NOTORIOUS for starting something of this nature and not following through. It takes a lot of discipline. And while I have quite a bit of discipline in my life, the area of anything domestic or if it involves working out is super hard for me. I’m not ashamed to admit it, BUT it is slightly embarrassing. It IS embarrassing to say that I’d rather get take out than cook. It’s not my favorite thing to do.
I know it’s so often said that you never know what you have until you lose it, but death certainly has presented that to me. I received a call Tuesday evening informing me that my grandmother was in the hospital after suffering two heart attacks and the chances of her survival were practically nothing. After taking her off life support the next day, her heart stopped almost immediately and the world lost a wonderful soul.
1/ The SNP weren’t going to win Glasgow.
America is as ancient Rome and Greece in their worship of many gods IE: food, money, fame, beauty, youth, sex and the list goes on of the many gods America worships. Mostly the god of self. In any nation. Zeus and Baal were small compared to the god of self. When they weren’t bowing to Mars and Jupiter they were bowing to Zeus.
When to use: After a brutally ugly play, particularly if said play was the result of someone simply not showing up. Alternatively, this can be used as a catchall phrase whenever you see anything unpleasant (ex. Charlie Weis in a jumpsuit).
Gabe Galambos has travelled to many of the locales that appear in his espionage thriller, “Stealing Pike’s Peak” (Iuniverse, Writers Club Press), including to the Sudan. He was imprisoned there in 1983 for helping Ethiopian Jews reach Israel. He has recently completed a small town New England mystery tentatively titled, “The Nation by the River.” He works as a cardiac sonographer. He will read from his new manuscript, a small town New England mystery called “The Nation by the River.”
She stopped and then looked into his eyes, “Really?”
When I saw my gynecologist for my annual in December, I quizzed her about menopausal weight gain and waistline disappearance, as those are among my great concerns as I barrel into "the change." She told me weight gain is not inevitable, but avoiding it doesn't happen on its own. It requires effort on my part.
Wow, what a fabulous response to last week's 'Pretty as a Princess' challenge! We had 107 beautiful entries! I guess I'm not the only one who likes 'girly' cards :)
It might be worth noting on a down point that Ninotchka was remade into the 1957 musical Silk Stockings with Fred Astaire and Cyd Charisse. My first disappointment with that film is that it did not actually feature the jazz standard “Silk Stockings”. Secondly, it is a tragic disappointment story and performance-wise when compared with its origin movie.
Xinhua.
I won't claim to be unbiased in this review, but if you love fantasy and adventure, or a love for Jane Austen's novels, then you won't be disappointed by this wonderful series.
Drain pasta, return it to pan. Serve noodles with a ladle of sauce and dollop of goat cheese. If you’re feeling fancy, stick a sage leaf in the goat cheese for effect. Viola!
02. Remember Me
Where are my priorities, man???
Well, such psychological traits of the person in exclusive command do shed some light on the goings on. But should we not, as Marxists, try and move beyond the individual and grasp the class character and peculiar features of the regime as such as it evolves on the debris of a social democratic dispensation and takes a definite shape before our eyes? We have carefully investigated the collapse of the LF government and its implications for the left movement; should we not focus the spotlight now on the political formation that took its place?
I really do love Godiva.... but I love GDA more. That is saying a lot!
VG: That could well be a line from another Tim Love poem. And I’d love to know why the opening stanza is different now - I prefer the original - or at least, the one in the collection. Not sure why. But what made you change it?
Line a baking sheet with tin foil and lay out the asparagus spears. Bake at 450 degrees for 10-12 minutes, stopping halfway to turn them over. Let them cool for a few minutes before serving.
During those visits, prosecutors say the pair had sex with the girl and each other at various hotels.
I came to RTS thirteen years ago to learn how to be a pastor. I knew about the seminary’s reputation of academic excellence, but that wasn’t what drew me. I wanted to learn how to read the Bible and preach it to others.
b) I haven't actually finished the story yet. I've got about two chapters to go, I think, if my estimation is correct.
and a bitter voice in the mirror cries,
We highly recommend the wildlife center. It is very well designed and most of the animals were visible and active. Included are animals of all kinds native to different areas of Arabia, not just the U.A.E. – snakes, geckos, lizards, frogs, mice, rats, gerbils, grasshoppers, locusts, beetles, scorpions, foxes, wolves, wildcats, sand cats, jackals, porcupines, hedgehogs, honey badgers, gazelles, ibexes, oryxes, ostriches, flamingos, pelicans, owls, bats, and so much more. If only I could have used my camera, I would have so many desert hare pictures – bunnies everywhere!
Maka nodded and headed toward the back of the house where the short-wave radio sat on a small table.
before taking custody of his
The CSA season is over but I am very much looking forward to the summer fuits and those enormous avocados they have. Great times. Everyone should have the opportunity to do this, it is so satisfying and that's coming from a city girl through and through!
In another recent article that reports the same data, the researchers summarise their point of view:
And Laura Bennett provides amazingly clear and intelligent commentary. I especially like this: "the work of these artists, despite the anguish, was never morbid. Pain was not romanticized."
“I just listened to a song that made me nauseous.“
‘No worries’, my colleague and I said to each other, as we comforted ourselves in the knowledge that we had at least three hours before our departure, ‘it will be all over by then’.
This makes perfect sense, right? Wrong. Again, this isn’t about rallying for the right to discriminate against someone. It’s about a municipality codifying sin. There is nothing that I know of – and I’m sure ESPN would have pointed it out by now – that indicates Brown has treated people unfairly. If you think that, you’re missing the point. Brown is saying that the Word of God says that homosexuality is a sin. He’s opposed to a sin being propped up as a right. But nothing in this indicates he’s fired people or taken away playing time because someone is gay. Again, to imply such is simply dishonest.
J.N. Paquet is an author, journalist and songwriter based in Sao Paulo, Brazil. He lived in France for more than 20 years and in London, UK, for 10 years. He has been writing about France and Britain’s current affairs for two decades. He is a frequent contributor to SkyNews Blogs, CNN iReport, and Ground Report. In addition to his articles, op-eds and blog posts, J.N. Paquet is also the author of more than 20 books – most of which have been translated in seven languages – written in multiple genres: children’s books, science fiction books, thrillers, tragedies, travel journals and lyrics, and available as paperbacks and as eBooks for Kindle.
Here’s what a belly dancer and a spook have to say about this movie classic. . . .
your lids unclose to Blue-ringed
The condition of the 302 women hunger strikers has been deteriorating steadily. Two of the 35 men strikers have been afflicted with viral fever and have been isolated from the rest of the group for fear of any contagion among others. The following women have collapsed and removed to the nearby hospital:
Bronze Coniston Infinity IPA 6.0
The envelopes could contain random extra loot such as horses = Lossoth Steed and Steed of the Dusk-watch. These are 68% speed 250 morale horses.
Before long, large brick and mortar stores were conceptualized and Barnes & Noble and Borders became anchor stores in strip malls. When you look back at the history of these monstrosities, it's interesting to see that Borders's (which was acquired in 1992 by Kmart) history as a major bookstore lasted less than twenty years. But why did they go out of business? Morrell says that it has much to do with an unsustainable business model. Books were just a small portion of sales for a business that also sold CDs (downloadable music is slowly killing the CD industry), movies (same goes for movies as for CDs), toys, and nicknack stuff that really doesn't need to be sold in a bookstore. In essence, Borders couldn't keep their boat afloat. And the same is happening to Barnes & Noble, who recently stated that Nook would be becoming its own company. Doesn't inspire much confidence towards investing in B & N now, does it?
There hasn't been a day in 20 years that I haven't thought of him, so, for my friend Dan, I play this song, as I do every year.
For another event the First Lady chose a stunning gold number by the dynamic Mulleavy sisters at Rodarte. The sisters are known for pushing the boundaries with their beautiful knits and dresses that have ranged from fairy tale fantasy to dark and gothic.
1/ Pair your classic navy striped top with a gorgeous pair of melon trousers and gladiator sandals for a look that says transcontinental chic. Sure, white jeans or pants would look great too, but the melon gives it a modern spin and helps you look up to the minute.
‘That evil old witch—by name Bellatrix—
If you have more than one yes – or even one – you are probably in the comfort zone.
I happened to be in the Embassy one night during Snowdown, Durango's Mardi-Gras-on-ice. The restroom was strewn with broken glass, the shards of expensive imperial pints sitting in a disgusting mess. This is a business that's trying to treat its customers like adults, and the customers aren't holding up their end of the bargain.
* There are two rows of snaps
Alcohol by volume: 6.4%
Uncle Will and Aunt Mary came out from Chicago tonight.
Still, it was flattering to think that the fashion mavens had discovered me. Strange, too. There are no photos of me on this blog, but, trust me, such a photo would never be confused with the cover of GQ. But perhaps tastes were changing. Was disheveled "in"? Come next spring, will frayed T-shirts with stubborn mustard stains (I rubbed Tide on it; nothing works), faded jeans with the back pockets coming off, socks that fail to adequately cover the big toe, and scuffed up shoes tied in quadruple knots because the damn laces keep coming undone, be all the rage on the Paris runways?
the patterns of droplets on the floor
84 (1) (a): Reasonable requirements of public are not satisfied
WASHINGTON (AP) — The Obama administration’s top environmental official in the oil-rich South and Southwest region has resigned after Republicans targeted him over remarks made two years ago when he used the word “crucify” to describe how he would go after companies violating environmental laws.
PP
Travel Trainer - Salary: £17,350 p/a (an additional responsibility allowance of up to £2,500 p/a may also be payable) Fixed term until July 2013 (possible 2 year extension). 40 hours a week over 5 days on a term time basis (one off requirement to work up to 2 weeks flexible working during August 12 for project start up)
Saturday morning I was up bright and early, anticipating the highlight of the whole weekend- The Dirty Girl Mud Run!
Ahem...
Or, if you are using the old interface of blogger, from your dashboard, click on Edit Profile.
Car with driver
À votre santé!
When I got up on Monday morning after a fitful few hours, I took a look at my swollen shoulder and said to myself, “busted clavicle, deep hematoma.” The latter is a medical word for a bruise.
This way and that she peers and sees
How is it that so many young people who dedicate their lives to Torah study are oblivious to the grand mitzvah of physically defending the State of Israel; both those who live in Eretz Yisrael, as well as the young Jews in the galut?
WHAT: A peculiar piece with a peculiar name. I bet a lot of you looking are wondering one of two things: “What the hell is that??” or “What the hell is that…it looks like an alien mountain range from an aerial perspective.” Well, the second statement is closer because though that is not exactly what it is, it is weird like an alien mountain range and it is…just weird. But I like weird. Sometimes, in these analyses that I write, I won’t fully explain stuff. Just give hints because it still is entertaining for you all to just guess! As I worked on this, which is graphic art, I felt it resembled a mountain range from above, too…but more like a fantasy one from one of those Tolkien stories (I.e. “Lord of the Rings” books). It is what it is…and it’s weird. Nice weird.
So, that's what I finally ended up going with, and I'm happy with the results. I hope she is, too.
SARTOR C, TISSOT-DUPONT H, ZANDOTTI C, MARTIN F, ROQUES P, DRANCOURT M. Use of a mobile cart influenza program for vaccination of hospital employees. Infect Control Hosp Epidemiol 2004; 25: 918-922.
Admittedly, Jenni and Katie were born out of my desire to read a zombie story that was from a woman’s perspective. AS THE WORLD DIES was born as online serial in 2005. At that time zombie fiction was inundated with the lone gunman wandering across the zombie-infested lands. Women, children, and men who weren’t Rambo in disguise were merely zombie fodder. The women played the roles of the love interest (who often died), the victims, and the zombies. It became demoralizing to read over and over again stereotypes who bore no real resemblance to any of the women in my life. So when the characters of Jenni and Katie invaded my mind one day at work, I wanted to write their story and share it with others.
After her Virginia plantation owner husband accuses her of insanity, Iris Dunleavy is sent to Sanibel Asylum to be rehabilitated into a "good wife". Wrongly convicted, Iris sets out to convince the supervising physician that she is sane. When she sees this is an impossibility she plans her escape, until she meets fellow patient Ambrose, a kind hearted Confederate soldier whose chivalrous ways and gentle eyes cause Iris to change her plans.
"DD" honestly doesn't play with the Plush Turtle as much as I thought she would though. I think its just that "DD" has her heart fixed on the Giraffe! She does really enjoy playing with the Turtle, but it is bigger and wider than the Giraffe and I think she likes Plush Toys that she can Grasp easily and carry around with her. I think she probably feels the Turtle is too cumbersome to Carry with her, but I think she will love it as she gets older and can have imaginary play with it. I do wish I had the Turtle when "DD" was a little younger and still in the Crawling stage. The Turtle would be perfect for that age because he can be right there, down on the ground with them at eye level and is perfect for little hands to grasp and play with!
So. Having been stymied by his human persecutors at all points, Klaatu finally succeeds in gathering Earth’s foremost brains before him. No politicians are invited. Standing on the ramp of his saucer, Gort at his side, Klaatu pleads his case. Or rather, delivers his warning:
Here I am trying to ruin it.
ARGA Ratings:
Because: it trumps, realigns and amiably ushers gay filmmaking forward - and it looks and feels effortless in doing so. (Yes, it is universal, but it is also certified Gay Cinema - its level of success means it manages a multitude of things to a great many different types of people.) The two well-written, and entirely real, characters at the centre of this big-hearted compact-romance have hardly, if ever, been explored in this way. (More on Weekend here - mini comments, along with some thoughts on Pariah.)
and so they go on, with no clocks to mark the hours passing by.
At my all-girls high school I was only required to take 2 semesters of PE, and I chose aerobics both times (this was the late 80′s, think Jane Fonda in all her leotarded glory). I loved every minute of it, especially the music: my teacher let us bring in songs from our favorite bands, as long as they met the required beats per minute. On weekends and in the summer I remember riding my bike all over the place with my friends, because none of us were old enough to drive. In March of my senior year I knew it was time to get serious and try to lose some weight – I thought I was huge at 172 lbs (oh, how I’d love to weigh that now), and I joined Jenny Craig. I knew that I had to exercise in addition to restricting my diet, and so I started walking. One day I set off, and just kept walking and walking and walking. My mom started to worry about me because I’d been gone so long, and when we drove the route later to see how far I’d gone, I realized that I had walked 5.3 miles. And it felt easy, because I had my Walkman to keep me company. Walking helped me work out whatever was on my mind; a little escape from the so-called troubles of my teenage life.
“The religious group won,” Gowdy told her.
Dorothy Day Catholic Workers Amber & Kevin Mason were among the 13 arrested for taking the demand for the closure of SOA into the streets on Capitol Hill in Washington, DC
Of course, there are a lot of unseen circumstances that could pop up as the season starts to wind down, but right now Red Bull’s lack of race wins over the past month isn’t anything to be worried about.
Parents… if you can afford the expense, rent a limo. This will reduce the chances of a teen driving while drowsy or under the influence of alcohol or drugs. Talk to your teen often about the consequences of sex and drug and alcohol use. Get to know or call the parents of your teens date to discuss the arrangements for prom with them. Set up times for your teen to call and check in-after the prom, upon arrival at an after prom party, and before heading home. Reinforce with your teen that it is OK to call in at anytime for any reason. Remember, underage drinking is illegal. Never offer alcoholic beverages to a minor. Never host a party where alcoholic beverages are served to minors.
I am by grace, mercy, will and pleasure of God the Father, called and drawn to Christ Jesus, his Son, as I am solely kept in the Son of God, through the power of the Holy Spirit, for the glory and majesty of the Triune God’s name and fame. I am Tanzanian, a husband to a God treasuring and fearing, wonderful and beautiful Danish lady Lea, a father to a wonderful daughter, Eloise, student of Theology and Philosophy, youth pastor, and street evangelist whom wish to make others be glad in God. The Cross of Christ is at the center of my marriage, ministries and passion. It is the power of God that enables me to enjoy and delight in Him as I make much of Him.
Personally, though I think it would take many years and a very drastic change for the show to become entirely consumer-focused, I think the idea of a convention that welcomes customers is a fresh one that could have huge benefits for the industry. In 2005 I read a fantastic article on Publishing Trends which pointed out Comic Con’s strong role in both promoting comics to fans and, perhaps more importantly, keeping comic publishers informed about—and directly in touch with—their market base. Publishing Trends quoted a correspondent from the traditional book publishing industry, who said it even better than I could:
- 312g / 11 oz / 2 1/2 cups confectioner’s sugar, sifted
Isn’t that what Mona Lisa is all about? A woman with many secrets? That is what people have discussed for ages and maybe that is so, her smile says that she hides something. We will never know what and why, but I wonder if Leonardo Da Vinci thought that himself when he painted her. There are some interesting facts about this painting, one of them is that Da Vinci painted eyebrows and eyelashes on her, which disappeared over the years. Another fact, that I really enjoy knowing, is that instead of painting her with a wedding ring, Da Vinci made her with her right hand resting over the left which is a sign of being a faithful wife.
And I say "was" because we lost him in fall of 2005 to cancer. He told me a lot of stories growing up and I feel as if it's my duty to keep them circulating now that he isn't here to tell them himself.
A recent discussion on the Kindleboards forum along with some recent comments here indicate there continues to be misunderstanding around Amazon's category tags as well as its "also bought" lists (aka alsobots). This week I'll not only try to demystify how these tags and lists work in general but explore how their behavior changes when a book is listed as free and how those changes may or may not have an impact on the paid side. Even if you understand the basics, there may still be a surprise or two lurking in their behaviors.
John 8:32-36 (NLT)
This is my idea of a decadent meal. Something cheesy, salty and crunchy. I recommend only indulging every once in a while, but I’m definitely keeping this one on the Fat Friday rotation. It is deliciously yummy.
So, forget about having the bur . . . ni, I ended up peeling onions and garlic for the chefs!
June 28 – Minneapolis, MN – Palmer’s Bar
Congratulations to Audra and Brad, the Grieves and Daufeldt families, as you all begin a new chapter in your lives.
According to a report in Eye Witness News, farm owner Gerhardus du Plessis’ daughter-in-law Jolene said most residents are not afraid of the couple. “I think the only people that really need to be scared is actually myself and my husband who was on the scene. We knew them for quite a few years. They were very friendly people, very philosophical people,” she said. She also mentioned that the couple once tried to convince her father-in-law to build them a bunker to live in.
to be another tool to help polish up your next edit.
15 November
- Around the corner, Amanda sells her own leather handiwork and handmade girls' dresses in festive summer prints alongside loose cotton clothing, leather sandals, and bone-and-wood jewelery from Brazil.
But we got to LA without too much trouble. Only one moment of sorta harrowing turbulence that made me grip Leo’s leg for a minute or two. Otherwise, it was a smooth flight.
How to become a refreshing Leader:
I, along with most girls my age, were given a Rubella vaccine in primary school, given that's probably close to 30 years ago, no wonder my level was a bit low!
Have a wonderful Christmas and a great New Year!
let that orange silk dress
The buzz has been building for Daughter of Smoke and Bone for months now and I don’t think I’ve read a negative review yet. We’ve seen a lot of angels and demons this year but I have a feeling that this one will be completely different and I can’t wait to get started.
He looked at me, then, with that same, sad little smile I’d seen on Dad’s face the day he left. He reached over and tousled my hair, and said, “You’re a tough one, kid. I think you’ll do all right in this life.” I smiled back at him, not really sure what to say, and for some reason, suddenly just a little insecure. Dave kept looking at me, or maybe through me, until he seemed to come to some sort of decision. His eyes refocused and he snapped back to the present. “Tell you what, scamp,” he said jumping to his feet. “I’m going to run over to the 7-Eleven and get us a couple more sodas, K? A day like today needs cold beverages, right?”
To the fortunate who are unfamiliar with the instrument, it sounds like a million monotone matronly women yelling at you to stop running, filtered through a fog horn, and it looks like this.
Crillon-Le-Brave situated in the Vaucluse department of Provence
i cried a little inside, looking at this big boy in the big boy swing.
So lighten up , it may be bathing suit season soon but, let's reframe,after all choose any form and it relates to a work or period of art!
The Douglas County Head Start program, part of the non-profit UCAN, is a comprehensive pre-school program. It serves low income families and is provided at no cost for eligible families. The program helps get kids ready for school with a positive and respectful environment for everyone and entire family involvement.
#7 Santana G –Seen on TNA
1 cup apple cider
The silo has appointed a new sheriff. Her name is Juliette, and she comes not from the shadows of deputies, but from the depths of the down deep.
So, I REALLY wanted to post an update at least for james 8 month birthday and also post his 7 month one which I never did. But I haven't had time/energy. Why?
"Amanda’s heart broke as she watched them drive her beloved twins away. She resolved to hope . . . and to fight for them to her last breath.
Until next time, eat up!
6. www.greatschools.com
The movie will go on theatrical release on the 06th of June.
Umm. Musta dozed off. Nothin seems to be doin’ aside from that little round black thing scurryin along by my hoof. Could be doin something. But what? What’s there to do. Can’t get out of this fenced-in place. Aint nothing happening besides that glarin yellow thing up there slidin across the blue. Takes all day to go from one side to the other, an for what. Starts at dark an ends at dark. What’s that all about. Nothin changes. Seems like I should be makin something happen instead of standin around doin nothin. But what could I do. Maybe if I could think of somethin. Then I could–Whoa! What was that I just came up with? Thinkin! That’s it. Thinkin. That’s makin things up. Up in that place between your ears. Yeah. I could think somethin up and then go off an do it. Yowzir. That’s somethin. I just had a think. And what I thinked was about . . . what was it, about doin something instead of just standin around in this heat. Yeah, that was it. All this heat. A guy could doze off just standing around on his feet waitin for a two-leg to dump something in that trough there. . . .
Please check for the customer reviews & ratings of Hypavera (6) Bottles 90 Capsules 500 mg. in each container for High Blood Pressure and Hypertension on the merchant’s site by click on the link below.
B) You get to vote for the winner.
Moments later, Candy returned huffing and puffing with the animal. In between trying to catch her breath and answer our questions, she replied that the UPS agents had adamantly refused to pack the horse. Frustrated by the lack of customer service, I called UPS and explained what had happened. After measuring the height, width and breadth of the horse and thinking of the right words to accurately describe it in French, the agent assured us that the Office Depot located on Avenue de Versailles would take care of everything. No problem!
You cannot rush or throw projects together and expect to get paid. All
“Is this person doing something to harm me? No, they would never do that? Why is he/she asking me to do this? This “feels” wrong, but they would never “hurt” me, right?”
I can't wait to see what my camera finds in 2012!
Here are the Copic markers I used to color the image.
Differences in the brain's white matter that clash with a person's genetic sex may hold the key to identifying transsexual people before puberty. Doctors could use this information to make a case for delaying puberty to improve the success of a sex change later.
Forever free though our hearts together are sealed
Every lorry with a "this vehicle is limited to 40 Mph on single carriageway" sign.
Laura Grindstaff — Professor of Sociology, Director, Consortium for Women and Research
I don't know who follows these links, I assume the pillocks who perpetrate this abomination make money somehow out of it, but not with my help.
150 grams of granulated sugar
Honest...Only when they're found out.
So imagine there isn't another layer underneath & the top layer is the whole dress lol. I do like to make things hard dont I. 1 day I will do a video tutorial lol.
This is our ‘garden’.
“Constance Chatterley feels trapped in her sexless marriage to the invalid Sir Clifford. Unable to fulfil his wife emotionally or physically, Clifford encourages her to have a liaison with a man of their own class. But Connie is attracted instead to her husband’s gamekeeper and embarks on a passionate affair that brings new life to her stifled existence.”
‘Tis the season for prom over at the dress shop I work at. Technically speaking, prom season started a couple months back, but of course, every little high school girl in this area has waited until the last-minute. Poor kids. All the good dresses are already picked over at this point, so I guess they’re gonna end up in either that lilac princess cut or the neon one with most of the midsection cut out, but I digress.
Growing up, these were coveted barrels. They didn’t rust like metal ones, and we used them whole for storing for animal feed, storing loose hay, cut in half for water trough for horses, sleds in the winter, and of course, practicing barrel racing! Which I loved, but was never great at.
Storage is always at a premium in my 1950's house.
... can you see what I can see ?
When stuffing the pocket, make sure the microfier side of the insert is facing up so the urine doesn't have to pass through two layers of microfleece.
And I am loyal. I am like one half of a couple you meet at a dinner party, laughing indulgently at my partner's excruciating impressions and gazing at him in blind adoration as he airs his challenging views on immigration.
OK, she is no longer running for the No. 2 job in the country, but she is still a high profile figure. Further, there are numerous other examples that verify our findings.
L-3 Communications Holdings, Inc., Alternative Energy, Deal Details 9
You can eat this kimchee right away with some rice and soup.
With the assumptions above, always ethical. I threw this in for two reasons: one, because it’s a disgusting thought for some, and two, because I think it’s a cool idea, since burying or cremating people is wasteful in comparison (edited; credit to Aimee for helping me with it).
Therefore, a natural tail is a deviation from the written standard for the Rottweiler. A tail just isn't a tail, it effects the overall "look and appearance" of the breed, especially with regards to the croup.
I also tatted "Anemone" from the same book.
The only other medical memory I have around this time is of my brother, your uncle. He got his penis caught in his footy pajamas. This was very traumatic for both my brother and my father. Dad called 911 and was talked through freeing his member by a trained official of some sort. Know that if you are born a male, gayby, men will always rally around any injury that involves your penis. It is something only they can understand. I promise to find you an adequate support group of the male species for this purpose, if need be.
And while many may try to respond by claiming the NED’s intentions are noble, its board of directors is a collection of some of the most compromised, nefarious individuals in Western politics – as are NED’s various subsidiaries including Freedom House, IRI and NDI.
Most people love to buy their things in small packages – smaller mobile phones, or smaller compact cars. But when it comes to televisions, the bigger ones are still the better ones – and the LG 50PQ6000 would never disappoint you. This plasma TV features a 50-inch widescreen display to make sure you see everything even across the room. And being HD ready, you get to experience full details in every movie or TV show.
Many of us have trouble sticking to any project, whether or not it is directed by God. It is interesting that the length of Noah’s obedience was greater than today’s expected lifetime. Our only comparable long-term project is our very lives. But perhaps this is one great challenge Noah’s life gives us to live, in acceptance of God’s grace, an entire lifetime of obedience and gratitude.
Siggi has an air of great wisdom to him, like a gentle grandfather. He tells me that the group has grown weary of the media's preoccupation with their "strangeness" and how the constant references to igloos, puffins, and glaciers amounted to a kind of cultural racism. "They painted us as exotic and weird," shrugs Siggi. "Playing the role of the idiot can be fun, but it got to a stage where we'd had it."
*Images: Hero Arts Essential Messages
My first impression? I like! A lot of people preferred the second episode but I found it a bit tiring because it didn’t really move the story along. I realize that the drama is just setting things up but I’m kind of impatient and just want the story to get going. I do see a lot of potential once we’re in the thick of things so I remain hopeful that this drama will really capture my interest.
Chrystopher: I chose to divide the book into these areas to get away from the chronological feel of a formal biography. I’d already done that, and so I suppose that gave me an advantage this time in that I could be more flexible. This time I wanted to tell stories, to focus on the events and people rather than on the dates. It’s not a format that has appealed to everyone; some have said the book should have been formatted more chronologically. However, I thought that readers could relate to this format because, for most of us, our lives divide up the same way, really, and so we could feel we have something in common with Clark, except that most of us probably don’t have a Duesenberg or a 350SL Mercedes Gullwing in the garage.
BAM.
Whether you’re planning an ad for your local paper, an industry trade journal, a direct mail piece or even a flyer, remember that grabbing your prospect’s attention and holding their interest is only part of what’s needed to get the results you want.
When the car is in heave, both upper chambers create high pressure. This creates resistance between the two systems wanting to displace their fluid. This has the effect of increasing the cars heave stiffness.
There is a nice scene in one of the books (Chloe could tell me which one) where the kids realize that Professor Binns might be able to supply some information that they need. He is quite startled to find himself suddenly facing a roomful of attentive students. That, too, is a good metaphor. First, history is chock full of helpful information, and it is, sadly, all too rare for people to look there for answers. Second, kids are more attentive—their eyes light up!—when presented with information that is relevant to their lives. The books make it clear that the more typically dull eyes of Professor Binns' students reflect a problem not with them but with his snooze-fest teaching style.
561 ***D-III/31/1966. “Law and Morality: How to Write a Law School Exam.” The Law Club, The Law School, The University of Michigan, Ann Arbor, Michigan. (Incorporated in Item C-1967(2), above, and in Item B-2, above, pp. 74-86, 268-81 (1975).)
How to Choose Your Perfect Wall Color will be held daily from Wednesday February 5th - Thursday February 17th
My partner Nick and I have modelled for Old Town on two occassions now - their 'Piccadilly Pleasures' (where we lent and loafed in a glorious mirror'd Victorian shabeen) and their 'Small Trades' (where we dressed as piano removal men. Coo-ee, Mister shifter!). Check their website to see for yourself - http://old-town.co.uk/
As far as current works in progress, I have a paranormal /vampire story and another southern romance involving undercover police officers and a serial killer. I like to keep y’all guessing. You’ll never know what I’ll come up with next.
I'm so addicted to 6x6 paper pads right now. They are just so cute that I just have to have them!!! They are perfect for card making as well as scrapbooking!
he could upgrade his. I was still in a great
baking soda for a shampoo rinse! It got a little hairy there for a minute
We are both from Southern California,
The New Straits Times’ front page is devoted to a story about a so-called “visa loophole” that allows prostitution syndicates to bring in Thai, Chinese and Vietnamese women to Malaysia by “marrying” them to Malaysian men.
I am on record as saying that, in the challenging 1990s decade when the Soviet Union collapsed, India was hasty and ill-advised to build a “flyover” to Israel, and from Israel straight on to the United States. Over the years, Israel’s multi-billion dollar sales of weapons based on American and Russian technologies, and intelligence sharing, have given India easy access to arms bazaar. But there is a cost. India can be vulnerable to pressure, and has ignored its interests in the Muslim world. Simply put, successive Indian governments put too many eggs in the (Israeli–U.S.) basket.
Exaltation
Indeed, it was a stellar mailbox week. Hope your week was just as great!
Some people should just never ever write a metaphor or simile ever. St. Crow is one of those people.
and I couldn't help but smile,
- on the 15th I wore my denim Burda shorts with a Female top that was a catastrophe at first -very ill fit, strange effect overall- but that I managed to salvage more or less, the fabric is Japanese double gauze with kittens and flowers and I really like the fun sleeves ruffles!
Good GOD, what I wouldn't give for a Diet Coke and a muffin right now. But Diet Cokes hurt my stomach/make me nauseous. And muffins are full of sugar and evil. ::sigh::
I am also so excited about the two newest series of files I've been working on lately. The first series, a group of A2 stained glass card fronts, have been shown off here with a new one added yesterday. Yay!
One thing I've seen is some speculation by some with some technical knowledge (but not real expertise) that is self-reinforcing, psychologically. That is, once one has a scenario in mind, the mind tends naturally to look for information to validate that particular scenario, and downplays most information that suggests other possibilities.
find their way
Jonah Hex eventually comes to in the dumpster and sees the robots nearby, fighting Batman. Jonah contemplates taking off to find Stiletta again, but decides to go help Batman. However, after getting on his motorcycle and arriving on the scene, Jonah learns just how huge the robots are and on top of that, they are bulletproof.
The time may be right for a society that has been undergoing transition for the past 13 years to appreciate new methods of defining the meaning of words and understanding their use in blunt, intense and provocative public speech.
No sense of humor, at all. She hadn’t even smiled at the off-color joke the dirty old man told her.
On some synths there are different variations on these basic shapes. You might get two or three saw waveforms, perhaps based on the sounds of different antique synths.
Once I've got a draft, I type it into the computer, and that is always the first revision. The story never goes into the computer exactly as it's written on the page.
The important thing is to enjoy tea in the out of doors and to share equally among each one there.
You’ve probably surmised that I don’t know where the hell I am. I can’t drive anywhere in this new home of mine without the GPS. Unfortunately, I fail to accept this fact at the most critical moments. Like this particular morning. I shot out of the driveway to the left, instead of listening to GPS Woman instructing me to go right. REcalcUlating!
It also has a very mild bleaching effect which isn't considered dangerous. It's designed to reduce dark spots, acne marks and scars.
For he had petrifying nightmares
It made for a very cozy weekend.....we didn't have to be anywhere!
Needless to say we loved working with the team and, as mentioned in the Rue La La feature, they came to us for both occasions. My sister also had Fiore come to our hotel the day before her wedding to do mani/pedis for the bridal party and they even came to my own bridal shower for a mini-massage and mini-mani parlor!
This is the reason I am glad they are going back to school.
Him: Do you have reservations?
Jimmy: “Yes that’s true but I have no talent! It’s good smarts to just rip off more talented people and films. “
V -Vancouver. We lived there from 1965 - 1971 and from 1979 - 1987. My second home.
Gregory: why didn’t the House let a
Wii during the holidays or something like that.
At least I got home in plenty of time to send Caleb and Payton off. I walked them to school because I had to speak to Payton's teacher. I decided to add to my special mom list by opting to not give Payton pain medicine today before school. Medicine does funny things to Payton. He was already a little tense and crazy, I thought this way was better.
You can see how others involved in this New Year's Resolution are doing at http:/tinyurl.com/towatchpile.
So what do you guys think of Kate Walsh? Anything you would like to add? Let us know.
So when I had some pardEs’I friends visit me directly after they had been to see a sOma yagnya in paNuati, nEpAl, I had the ‘feeling’ or ‘bhAvana’ of divine visitors!
Fluorescent sea-fish drifted, weightless
Let's get a few things straight before we continue down this slippery slope. Firstly, there is nothing—absolutely nothing—wrong with kids eating, letting alone seeing, sweets.
Sure, go ahead and write down the date and time – I’m sure someone somewhere will care for your great documentation of your tantrum. (Stop crumbling those up and pitching them on the ground. Ya’ never heard of being green? Yeah, I know not using the post-its would be even greener.)
They are intended to be entirely independent of political influence, which conforms to the proposals in the White Paper.
(And, how old am I, that I even know what "vacation slides" are? Man, we have so many of those damn things back in Kansas City. I should probably have them all transferred to DVD for my mom's birthday.)
on a dapple gray we call Snow Ghost.
Farmer’s Neighbor #2: If there’s anything you need, we’d be happy to help!
See that?
* "Lost in IP Translator -- a trilogy of treatises: I", here. In the first of three most thoughtful posts, veteran IP practitioner and katfriend Richard Ashmead explains how the expected Court of Justice ruling in IP TRANSLATOR might have an impact on marks that have already been registered within the territory of the European Union.
We’ve all learned that multilinguals and monolinguals are different, because differences between them are what’s apparently interesting to focus on, nowadays. Findings from sociology, psychology, neurology, and so on, and from their hyphenated counterparts with linguistics, constantly remind us of this. But the people who typically use chopsticks and the people who typically enjoy rodeos are different too. Findings about differences are bound to be replicated for anything we are, do, or live through. So what else is new?
She knows that she and football have nothing to do with each other, but her show managed to embrace womanliness and flamboyance in a way that didn’t affront masculinity. Nothing homosexually gay happened on that stage. But it seemed to liberate people who watch sports both casually and obsessively to observe, with what sounded like a degree of amused catharsis, how gay Madonna’s show felt. For a moment, we got a break from “no homo.” Still, you wonder whether Elton John, George Michael, or Adam Lambert performing the same show would have produced the same sense of relief — or just panic.
My girl had a full-on, 'rockstar' sleepover last night. We're talkin' tatoos, juice boxes, smores and rolls of TP strewn ALL over the house. Daddy even set up a tent in the living room that's roughly the size of a one bedroom home. No sleep was had by anyone.
According to a study by Latitudeº Research, “Children’s Future Requests for Computers & the Internet,” kids ages 12 and under are predicting that the future of media and technology lies in better integrating digital experiences with real-world places and activities.
Hopefully he will come home tomorrow.
Russia in the mid to late 19th century had a real Renaissance of jewelry designers. This group of artists brought us some of the most magnificent tiaras and settings imaginable. With the crowning of England's King Edward II in 1902 and King George V in 1911, new tiaras incorporating the royal jewels made history. The Paris Opera, became the epicenter for head chic with many a jeweled and plumed woman, strutting one-of-a-kind tiaras. At the turn of the 20th century, more tiaras were worn than ever before. By the 1920s they were still with us but had evolved as elaborate fashion statements worn on bobbed heads some as bandeaux and aigrettes.
This past week, I've been thinking hard about what he said.
In Layers, I have written a story that starts out slowly. It is about a girl around 12 years of age. She and her friend find a mysterious book. It is a book that changes both of their lives forever. The story at first makes you think it is about each girl becoming a woman. Later you find that what is happening is not what you thought. This book is a celebration of women. I will probably never be able to achieve in another book what I have in Layers. It comes from my heart and aims to reach the hearts of women in all walks of life. If I could choose only one book to have while stranded on a desert island – other than Dandelion Wine – I'd choose Layers.
Courtney is a long-term volunteer from the US working as a Field Assistant for Brigades in the HPHA National Office.
This weeks Guest Designer is one of my favorite ladies DD's Crafts! I will pick someone new from this week for the next one!
Turns out, they have a new head chef, they’ve split the restaurant into a sports bar and a restaurant and, thankfully, the food was delicious!
Jacqueline Gardner works as a Story Editor for the production company, Labragirl Pictures. Her love of storytelling began at an early age when she would make up stories with her grandmother before bedtime.
Metal Claw
BUT THEN! Allie mentioned something about Coptic Christmas, which is currently held on January 7th, in accordance with the old Coptic (Alexandrian) / Julian calendar. It even moves! By the year 2100, Coptic Christmas will be on January 8th.
I know, I know. “Every mother crow thinks her own little crow is the blackest.” But this little dark eyed, dark haired boy really was perfect.
Weed Weed? Weed weed weed. Weed!
will make the joke. You won’t be left hanging. You know these people. They laugh at their own jokes. They hear that my name is Dan, and they sing “Danny Boy” as a greeting. They speak in made-up accents, and use tired puns, and generally try working the room like it’s fucking 1964 in the Catskills. You get the idea that they walk around hearing the rimshots as they spew quotes from Anchorman.
-Vancouver’s General Motors Place concert sold out in 4 minutes, a record for that venue.
(新加坡人又用簡体字，又可以講國語，照計大陸學生去到應該易適應過來香港甚至台灣，而咁都可以搞到人地咁憎，真係不能不服班大陸友)
Ok peeps, here's the deal - I've decided to get out of the vintage costume jewelry biz. The reasons are many and varied, but the result is that I've decided to sell my entire stockpile of jewelry in one big lot! I was originally thinking I would list it at auction on eBay, but when I started to work on getting it ready to list, I realized I was looking at hours and hours of work... Not fun!
Ladies, this is going to be easy and fun for you. So much fun. Like anything worth doing, it may take a little work, but less than you’d expect. Taking control sexually doesn’t necessarily have to involve handcuffs, blindfolds, ropes or imperative phrases like “you’ve been a naughty shade-tree mechanic!” There are subtler and much more effective ways to take control in the bedroom.
I did take pictures at the tournament, but they were take on the 3DS camera, so the quality is UNBELIEVABLY SHITTY. So... enjoy! :D
But I will sacrifice one of the Supremes, if I'm forced to.
and then she will attend her local public school afterwards.
recording released as a flexi-disc in the 1st printing of The Dead Book
In these next months, I’ll be sharing ideas, inspiration, and stories related to the questions that so many of us grapple with: How do we find ways to reconnect with what matters most in the context of our busy lives? How do we find genuine balance— and when do we need to redefine what balance means to us? How do we keep our hearts and spirits alive while living out the fullness of our days?
Day 7 - Feb 7
Opportunities are rising for the wind power industry.
Or maybe it’s not.
The stately gentleman played “straight & true” golf the rest of the round
So when it came to finding a “good price” or "no price" at all, you could always depend on my Uncle Manuel to find it.
Souffles are easy to make; take very few ingredients and with a little time and attention can be a delicious evening meal or late lunch. Why not reward yourself and those you love with a tender, perfectly baked souffle? You will be hooked in no time.
just to wrap my arms around her
But just yesterday I found out I didn't even make it past the first round of this years Amazon's Breakthrough Novel Contest. I've consoled myself by saying this first round cuts are made solely off of a 250 word pitch and not one word of the actual novel. Nevertheless, getting cut after fairing reasonably well the others years bummed me out.
Make a green-haired funny-face and watch his hair grow!
PS. If I had to guess the bail for a similar case in Australia - it would be bailed on her own surety (that is zero dollars). Australia's lack of a bill of rights looks pretty good here.
I turn 'judge not lest ye be judged' on its head, rather.
~Jeannine
1) Be a FOLLOWER of Paper Playtime & each blog on the hop
Now the last important bit for my studio to be fully operational, you know, so I can get into a prolific state :), is a cabinet for storing my fabrics. And last night, the shelves of ebay delivered!! It was a very long seven days wait, but it seems I was the only one who wanted it. I feel like the cat who got the cream, with a big white grin, might even have reached the end of my nose...
As my friend, @Clarabel, wondered:
While Pṛthivī and Dharma were discussing Krishna in this way, the Philosopher-King named Parīkṣit arrived at the eastward Sarasvatī river.
The perfect pour revealed a healthy, but not overpowering head. The beer had a clear and beautiful amber hue. My first impression of the aroma was traditional American hops, but I have have learned not to trust the initial aroma of a just poured beer. The smell you get while the head is spraying microscopic droplets can be deceiving. As the sprites calmed down, the aroma changed. Was that orange? Orange and, and, was that vanilla? I took a sip and was rewarded with a nice creamy mouthfeel, the sweetness of toffee, followed by a bit of alcohol warmth mixed with subtle floral hops in the finish.
She also liked the look of the Ascent of Man set from last year's A & G and asked if we could make a go of completing the set. Now, we had few cards from the National. And I had no idea until we bought more that these cards, when put together, create a 26-card long mural that begins with Prokaryotes and ends with Modern Man. After buying what we could find at the show, we're down to the following cards to complete the set:
We are all just grown up children at heart. We daydream about things that are not humanly possible, we silently wish upon stars and cross our hearts for our seemingly impossible dreams to come true, and we nearly always hope for a better world.
Even worse, Blur called me a rat. Apparently, to Germans, the term "reading rat" is as innocuous as "bookworm" is to us Americans (and really, cultural context aside, I'd say it's a toss-up as to whether I'd rather be called a worm or a rat). I bet if anyone else had dubbed me The Reading Rat I would have worn the badge with pride in the knowledge that it fit me well. Though I might have preferred a nickname like The Reading Mouse, even if that doesn't have quite the same ring to it.
Queso de Bola - [KAY-so day BOH-lah] Essentially Dutch edam cheese, queso de bola is a staple of the Philippine Christmas table, but its sharp, cheesy deliciousness is enjoyed year round with fruits, pandesal and jamon (soft bread roll and ham), and on sweet bibingka (broiled rice cake). Its flavor and texture, though just a bit softer than the Italian hard cheeses used in pesto, add just the right amount of saltiness to this fusion sauce.
Searching for the truth
Everyone needs to consult their own conscience when it comes to life choices. I have been a vegetarian, supplemented by the occasional wild fish, for twenty-four years now. I made that choice long ago partly for health, and partly for concerns about animal welfare, but mainly because I learned it was one of the most effective actions I could take to reduce my impact on the earth.
(Kin Cheung, Reuters / June 2, 2005) By Alana Semuels, Los Angeles Times Convinced that everything you buy these days has a Made-in-China label? Then you aren’t paying attention. Things made in the USA still dominate the American marketplace, …
This is by far my favorite of the Circle books. I know many people dislike the arguments that occur between the friends over the course of the novel, but for me it reminds me so much of my sister and I. We can fight and fight and fight, but we still love each other. Things that need to be said get said, but also things that we wish we could take back. It’s these fights that bring reality to the characters, make them more human.
The Flyers would have completed a Philadelphia sweep across the televisions at the local bar, but the Devils drug them to hell last night. Ilya Bryzgalov single handly almost kept the hand basket from falling to the worst place in the universe, but he could only hold on for just under a half hour. In the second period he turned aside 12 shots, got two standing ovations, and appeared to be the flying on a rocket ship of confidence.
The camera was passed around the table when the food arrived....
"But...but..."
In each of these stories there is an example of someone who faced some sort of adversity and made a decision to commit to their well being, to their health, TO THEIR LIFE!
Chronic pain is different than short-term pain. Oh, I’ve broken plenty of bones, and know what it means to *really* hurt for days, and then to ache for weeks. For a couple of decades now I’ve had a knee which can cause an immense amount of pain if I subject it to the wrong kind of use, and that pain will remain intense for a week or so. Pain is no stranger in my life. Never has been.
As when from flowery meads th' hill's shadow steals.
A heartwarming story in which a sheltered farm boy with Asperger’s Syndrome and a killer fastball is recruited to play for a minor league team.
They are all packed up and ready to go!
For a film that for all intents and purposes would be considered a trainwreck anywhere else, I have to give a High recommendation to Death Warrior. Bravo, Mr. Arkin. You'll make a believer out of me yet.
Fill out the form below. If you are tweeting/commenting on Facebook/entering additional giveaways/etc more than once you can just leave a comment saying that you did instead of having to fill out the whole form again.
With not an inch to spare!
*note: It doesn’t inspire me to write good things. It can sometimes (often?) inspire me to be a very cynical, black comedic, sticom-esq writier. This is also a great genre to write in, but not the genre of my novel. The novel for now has precidence. The sticom, Planet X will have to wait. For now.
“There is nothing there.” She pointed out blandly.
here and there and to visit your blogs. One of the first things I am doing as soon we move in is to make our front door look inviting and ready to welcome our friends, family, and neighbors. And that
Magic from the Orient a big contingent from Korea filled the bill.
27But to be a witness between us and you, and between the future generations, that we have the right of worshipping the Lord with our burned offerings and our offerings of beasts and our peace-offerings; so that your children will not be able to say to our children in time to come, You have no part in the Lord.
BOOOOOOO!
Considering everything he does for me - and its more than most husband would do for their spouse under normal circumstances - I put on my shoes, grabbed the shovel and harvested me one dead possum. Rigor mortis had set in the corpse was heavy, its wee tiny claws clenched. As I tried not to drop him into our lawn, his body moved as one unit, like a toy or a rock and I was thankful for that. Had his furry legs and arms failed about it would have reminded me that this had been a living being.
We need some bright, modern elements that are still in sympathy with the rustic styling of the other dining room pieces. I'd love to hear, what do you think are the perfect decorative touches to style a buffet? What lives on the buffet in your house?
~Liz.
Controller of CBBC Damian Kavanagh said tonight: "I'm deeply saddened and shocked by the news of Lis' untimely death. Lis brought joy, excitement and a sense of wonder to her many fans in her role as Sarah Jane Smith. She was adored by our young audience and I know all of them will miss her as much as I will."
Hopping in Kermit’s old Rolls Royce with ’80s Robot at the wheel, they start out on their trek. Their first target is Fozzie, who’s working in Reno. Now, I currently live in Reno and when the city was announced as the first destination and the signature Reno Arch made an appearance, the crowd offered up a knowing whoop and chuckle, a tangible sense of “Hey, that’s us!” and “Yes, this is where people circle the drain of life.” Fozzie is working with a Muppet “tribute” bad called the Moopets, who are rougher versions of the Muppets. (Dave Grohl has a cameo as Animool.) Fozzie has reworked “Rainbow Connection” into a casino jingle and there really isn’t anything more depressing than hearing a piece of the Muppet Show’s heart commodified in this manner. Fozzie puts up a fake protest during an earnest heart-to-heart with his friend, but he quickly joins Kermit on his quest. Gonzo follows, and then they realize this will take so much time they go to a montage to quicken things up.
All of this is totally psychologically sound, and now that I think about it, is more psychologically sound than the cry-it-out operant conditiong approach. After all, none of the insomnia tips I have ever read have said “cry frustratedly and miserably in bed until you finally fall unconscious.” So if they don’t recommend it for adults, why do we think it’s the best strategy for babies?
With sage voices within the RSS expressing themselves against any move to classify people on caste lines which will deal a blow to social harmony and, don’t laugh, “nullify all efforts of RSS and social organisations to bring about social harmoney”, the battle lines are drawn.
Stacey: My critique partner, Stacia Kane. We've been CPs since 2005, when we were both unpublished and struggling to find time to write in between nursing babies. I've watched her career launch and her writing evolve into stories that take my breath away. (If you haven't read the Unholy Ghosts series, you must. Now. Today!) She's a soul sister of mine and inspires me daily. I'm grateful for her friendship, and so proud to have been a part of her journey.
Apparently, a lot of British people find that listening to jungle noises puts them to sleep. I suppose the chattering of monkeys reminds them of childhood visits to the zoo, rather than annoying creatures who might piss on their heads. When I want to fall asleep quickly, I listen to an audiotape of a woman nagging her husband. It takes me back to my carefree circus days, when I sniggered at humans queuing for tickets in the hot sun.
“I have always thought of Christmas time, when it has come round, as a good time; a kind, forgiving, charitable time; the only time I know of, in the long calendar of the year, when men and women seem by one consent to open their shut-up hearts freely, and to think of people below them as if they really were fellow passengers to the grave, and not another race of creatures bound on other journeys.” Charles Dickens
Are in the heart, and heed not space or time:
Her little boy.
Other Notable Exclusions:
After the second 800-foot ascent, my tired mare's pulse and respiration inverted. Veterinarians put us on mandatory hold while she puffed and puffed and finally recovered. It was about this time that Mr. Rojek crested Heartbreak Hill on his dappled grey Arabian gelding. His tailored pale blue shirt now bore a swath of blood across one sleeve and his neatly trimmed mustache showed a clump of mud. The visor of his helmet, too, was cracked and muddy, the evidence I heard later of his horse bolting across the river and scrambling madly up a bank into oncoming traffic on Route 12A. En route, the horse launched Mr. Rojek into a rock-strewn stretch of trail and galloped two miles towards the nearest town before someone caught him.
When working with dimensional flowers on your projects, you need to use a REALLY strong bond to keep them adhered. If you do not do this they will pop off later down the road, hot glue works great!
¨ Creamy Chestnut Bisque with a house-made Pizelle
WHEN – Timeframe
It has all the paintings of the lunch of a lifetime – but first, we have to get there.
We put up five ledges on each side, 18 inches apart. Because of the large space between each shelf, I tried to put one extra-large frame, at least 11x14, on each shelf, and fill in with more 8x10s and 5x7s. I did not have any 17x14 pictures, however, and didn't want to spend a lot of money on expensive mats. Instead, I put some of the kids' art in the bigger frames. It adds some nice color and the kids love seeing their artwork displayed.
That's how the narrative works. Successful people cannot be psychopaths by definition, and if there's any overlap with the "known" dirty qualities of anger and dysfunction, here and there, they have been overcome by personal excellence. Those people become "self-made" men, heroes, icons. You don't have to be aware of the logic involved. In fact, the social engineers know that the less aware you are of the logic, the easier they can pimp it.
Vegan Author
In closing I would like to say that while the stories are real, the character names are ficticious. These cases have stuck with me for the last ten years, and will for the rest of my natural life. It is sad to know that with just a few words, we can alter the lives of someone we love. If you know anyone who says hurtful things to their children, please seek help – the future of these children may depend upon you to step up to the plate and help them. Remember, children are vulnerable and rely on us as adults to thrive in their futures. It is not only wrong to demean children – it is child abuse.
The Life Path 9 person has a natural fit with Life Paths 3, 6, and 9. They get along well with Life Paths 1 and 5. They’re neutral with Life Paths 2 and 7. But they find a challenge (or need to compromise) with Life Paths 4 and 8.
(Boil milk & sugar over low heat untill dissolved. Beat in the eggs, vanilla and ginger juice once the milk has cooled.)
This works out to 30 of each colour way
I made the flowers...they are those rolled flowers and they are super easy! And of course they get even better with some bling or tons of stickles on them ;-)
The Ultimate Boxer created using pieces from Kirox and a few others. The feet are from Gorast. Other parts he doesn't remember the origin.
I'm participating in the Name Game Swap hosted by the lovely Anorina over at Samelia's Mum (there is word there'll be another round after this one, so keep your eyes peeled - its a great little swap!) The deal is you need to make a small quilt (around 10" x 12" minimum) with the name of your swap partner or their blog on the quilt. I've been stressing trying to work out how to do it for the last month or so, and then inspiration struck (helped along by this quilt) and I decided to try writing the name on my quilt using free motion quilting. It's worked pretty well (well, second attempt has!) so I thought I'd share with you how I did it.
With the huge popularity of games on Android and the convenience of direct carrier billing in Korea, we expect to see a jump in game purchases and downloads in the weeks ahead. For game developers worldwide, it’s “game on” in Korea!
This week I have had no time to make a card. Luckily, I made 3 last week. Tonight, I will be making 2 more to show you during the weekend.
Update: Correct prediction. I do miss it!
If you want to know what Ive been up to go to my blog (link is with my creation for this week) Id love to hear from you - need to touch base with you all :)
New York International Auto Show. The TSX lineup indeed welcomes a new member, the 2011 Acura TSX Sport Wagon's practical utility is cleverly masked behind crisp lines and colours: few reflections in the oem acura integra wheels but rear-seat headroom is still commendable. Likewise, rear passengers enjoy plenty of interesting details; however, artistic direction is sorely lacking. What's more, the relatively short wheelbase results in a car that sells in the acura integra wheels is impressive. It's also highly capable on the acura integra sale and the acura integra mirror new grille found on North American roads, you'll soon realize that there are way more minivans than SUVs. Yet, their average fuel economy is pretty interesting with two waves flowing into the most precise navigation systems in the oem acura integra wheels are wonderfully supportive. Plenty of head and legroom than in the oem acura integra wheels than its predecessor, the 94 acura integra is not the oem acura integra wheels be required.
Start here:
Million Selling Number 1 Hits on COLUMBIA 1960 – 1990
1 egg yolk (yes, an egg yolk)
This remains a labor of love for us. Other than playing it straight, the one thing we ask of everyone who wants to take part is that you stick with us for the season. Tide Fan (who deserves a major pat on the back for all the offseason tweaking he’s done) and I have made adjustments to make the poll vote more user-friendly than it has ever been, so be friendly, user.
* In a separate bowl, mix well buttermilk, pumpkin and butter.
As a reminder however, there is a three tier voting system wherby anonymous votes are worth one point, logged in voters are worth five points and votes from fellow BlogRoll members being worth ten points. This adds to the complexity of the count, but I'm so up for the challenge. It'll be fun! I like numbers, so lets get the totals up. Get out there and vote!
Lately, Gail has been very busy with Corky’s surgery and recovery and the emails and Facebook messages and phone calls pouring in about the cat’s new legs (one guy phoned Gail to ask her when she was going to reply to his Facebook message!); and on top of that, all the duties Gail has at the shelter. Not to mention another group of NDSU students who were in a meeting with her before us, wanting to help the shelter make brochures (psh, old media. Get with the times!)
The latest version of the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act standard electronic claims and related transactions by January 1st, should be implemented by the covered health care providers that include covered dentists, but the enforcement grants time till March 31st. With the HIPAA 5010 transaction set of standards specifying an orderly organization of the electronic data interchange communications content deployed in healthcare, these data evolve over claim status inquiries, electronic claims, claim attachments, eligibility inquiry and response amongst other specifications. According to the announcement of delayed enforcement, the Centers for Medicare & Medicaid Services' Office of E-Health Standards and Services said that covered entities and trading counterparts would be ready to comply by January 1st. The OESS is also aware that many of the covered entities are still waiting for the software upgrades that are necessary for compliance.
Well, Hello!
PSALM 130:3-4 NIV
Candidates of Barangay and SK Elections ally with town’s political big bosses. Town and city political figures ally with Barangay leaders by financing candidates and ensuring victory.
10:00 pm-Lights out for me. Now that the day is done I can look on the bright side…tomorrow is Taco Tuesday and thankfully not another manic Monday!
I was dating this man; for the first time, I committed to completing the 90-day rule, and gave the relationship time to grow. I was comfortable that I knew who he was and what role he would play in my life. He met my children and they began to grow their own rapport. I found it intriguing that he too was a parent, and had a respectable relationship with the mother of his child, as well as continuous involvement with his child. We enjoyed date nights every week, I had met his closest relatives, and we even talked about marriage. We spent the majority of our time together and I fell in love with this man.
It will be Hartlepool's biggest event ever.
Smith-Corona Electric Portable. Serial 5TE 137750. Here is our second 'ringer' of the presentation -- this is actually my machine, not my Dad's. I acquired this machine many years ago, and it was my only electric typewriter of any kind whatsoever for a long long time. I got it at a resale shop for just a couple bucks because they thought it didn't work. It had a minor loose wire which I fixed quickly, but then I found out that all the type bars were stuck. The original lubrication had dried up and the machine was stuck. I very lightly used some oil and some brushes and some very light force with fingers, freeing each type bar and cycling it until the machine worked like a charm! It still does even today. It's very nice to use, actually. One fact many don't know is that these very early electric portables were not totally electric - some of the functions are still totally manually operated. The serial of this machine indicates it was made in 1958.
It is hard to explain again and again to a person not to interrupt you or not to answer before finishing and to respond “I know what you are going to say”. Eventually one packs and goes… (To add also that it is very rude to interrupt someone and turn the discussion to your own opinions, thoughts and stories. It is absolutely self-centred behaviour!)
Princess Charlotte 1796-1817
I am going to have to up my production of these babies to complete the project in time to participate and hopefully you guys will bear with me! I finished SEVEN yesterday...WOO HOO and thank goodness for pre-school!!!!
“I was brought from a state of innocence and freedom, and in a barbarous and cruel manner, conveyed to a state of horror and slavery.” QOC
A Korean dish called Doenjang Jjigae (called Miso soup in Japan) and beansprout soup. My tip for cooking it would be to use good Miso if you’re going to cook Doenjang Jjigae! (laughs) That’s the most important thing.
The new grain partnership I'm aware of on this island has three members who have bought a used combine. Say what you will about using fossil fuels in farming but unless you are a gifted scyther with a lot of energy in September - right after the wheat is ripe and just before the rains come - you pretty much need some mechanization to produce the harvest before it rots. In the case of the partnership, the combined acreage should be large enough that, provided the crop is clean enough and of good quality ... and considering that it will be organic, they will be able to realize a decent profit. Everyone else has their work cut out for them.
Big birds
I am beyond sorry! And I will start posting regular as soon as formal recruitment is over on MLK Jr. Day! Don't hate me.. formal recruitment is hard.. sometimes I wish we did it before school starts like a lot of other schools. I'm in my second week of classes here, and I have a job/internship that I will fill you all in on very soon!
Somewhere in her distant past, Karen was an equities analyst and wrote a whole bunch of stuff for grownups. After her children were born, she realized that it was much more fun to write for kids. And that’s what she has been doing ever since. Karen lives in Toronto with her husband, two kids and a shnoodle named Cocoa.
Would love to hear your thoughts. I expect some awesome hate mail to get me ready for Bachelorette season. Stay tuned for all that and of course, my arrogant season preview sometime in early August. It’s all written in my head already.
For about two plus years now I have wanted to do a birch tree wall treatment in our playroom. Two years! And now that everyone and their mom has done it, I thought I would be the last to hop on the birch tree train. What took me so long? It was a matter of figuring out how to make it work. Was I going to free hand it? Use a projector? Use a stencil? What colors would I use? What wall would I put it on? Oh my goodness do I even have the time for such a project?
The biggest flaw of the movie is that it never fully invests in its violent nature. I really don’t blame the film for this because this was my biggest qualm with the novel. The idea of modern day gladiator games is brutal and when you throw children in there it is just downright disgusting. The problem is that the book only touched the surface of its own ugly idea and the film dares not to tests the source material by making a more violent movie. I heard some people complain that the film should have been rated R and I understand why but they don’t understand what they are asking for. The tone of the movie matches that of the book well and with an R rating, the film wouldn’t have been able to keep that tone. The movie is violent and there are some scenes that walk that line between teen and adult but for the most part the film is pretty tame compared to the promise of it’s plot. It is violent and is occasionally horrible but I’d more scared of those crazy kids in Lord of the Flies than I would of the children of Panem.
Each volunteer was asked to describe how accurately each trait describes them on a one to nine scale with one being extremely inaccurate and nine being extremely accurate.
Headlights of a car
Welcome back! I have got the cutest hybrid project for you today! As I mentioned yesterday, as you met my CTMs, Lori does wonderful hybrid projects and she has one for you today! I hope you enjoy it!
