Well here we are, a couple of weeks forward in time, and Nanny's Environment Agency is now warning householders in many areas that their homes are at risk from flooding due to the recent heavy rain.
To include classical guitar interludes or intros was one of our aims from the very start. For the album I tried to come up with something dark, sorrowful and yes, meditative. Many people could say that it's just another Swedish cliché that's been carted away for our personal needs, but I also see something quite Mediterranean, especially in the final arpeggio part of 'On Blackened Mountains'. And it comes as quite a shock when it all ends and another primitive piece kicks in!
5) Weaknesses
I didn’t want to feel that way today, and I decided that I wasn’t going to. There were, there are, people out there that I love, and I wanted to show them it was true.
Insert magical powers here.
The Educational Computing Network of Ontario (ECNO) is currently developing a Request for Proposal (RFP) for the electronic collection of all school-generated funds including an online payment solution, related banking and accounting services. As a member Board, the Halton District School Board will have the option to use the results of this RFP to select and enter into agreements with the chosen provider(s), and through the ECNO partnership, receive beneficial pricing for the program.
I opted to employ a competition with CCS’s students and described the Genesis project along with contract terms on the school’s posting board. Five artists submitted artwork. My friends in the art world, after much debate, decided that Randal Drew should be awarded the contract. A price of $25 per ink was offered, with an award for up to125 drawings being made. The price was acceptable, although be advised, very experienced graphic artists can be much more expensive.
They’re so full of crapple. They’ve been treated with kid gloves for too long. Its time that they learn to live by the rules that everyone else lives by. Want to sell more product? Lower your prices. Stop breaking the law and looking for some kind of sanction on it.
Mr. Chang: Because they don’t have rule of law, they don’t have constitutions that mean anything, and the transfer of power is merely a naked struggle without rules.
Trailer: Woah, check out the effects! Brilliant work!
Hope that’s cleared it up. Yes, you say, it’s as clear as mud now, thanks Jo
I am an automaton that puts in hours, remiss not to use my brain. I long for a life line in the form of a podcast at least, but headphones are verboten.
We check-in every week to see how many kg each has lost. Or gained, as the case may be.
We all need to let things burn away every now and again.
(2) Methodological and theoretical questions related to the conference theme.
here's some links
What is the sound of one idiot speaking?
The midi-skirt is this season's must-have piece, but it has a tricky habit of bisecting us in the most unflattering ways, making us look shorter, squatter, and generally un-Mad-Men-like. But, don't fret! There are definitely ways to make it work! In fact midi skirts are very elegant,modest,feminine and practical. And they are very versatile: so if you have heavy thighs, go for A line cut in your midi skirt. You can even make them straight to give length to your lower torso. Women who are thin go for a flared midi skirt, with maybe pockets at the sides that will give volume to your wait.
I just typed up my notes from a book that blew my mind. Sorry it's not a full "review" or anything, but I felt like it was important enough to take down for my future reading, so I'm sharing it on the blog.
I so envy people who have that ability. I worked some years ago (briefly) as a surveyor’s apprentice. First of all, the guy was a math whiz, measured the azimuth of angles and saw much of the physical world with a Galileo/DaVinci mind.
The Dough spoon got its name from finding an old dough spoon lost along the creek.
Yesterday we learned that our office is moving to another building this year.
Total Time (From walking on to walking off the track): 23:28.1
I'm pleased to announce that our first follow-up adventure in the Advanced Adventures line has just been released. Down the Shadowvein picks up where Pod-Caverns of the Sinister Shroom left off, exploring what lies downstream of the underground river called Shadowvein. I'm happy it's finally out and I hope everyone enjoys! It is available in print from our website and Lulu. In PDF you can find it at Your Games Now and rpgnow.
The drum-corps’ rattle is ever to me sweet music, I love well the
2101.***E-XI/17/2001. On the Executive Order providing for trials of foreign “terrorists” by military tribunals. (Incorporated in Item B-14 (Projected), above, Letter C-22.)
It will also have a negative impact on schools. After all, if there's no point in taking a degree, why work hard at "A" levels or GCSEs? Hopefully, that level of demoralisation will not set in anywhere, but if it does, well, here's a story...
I began making my card by stamping my flowers. I stamped them using early espresso ink and I filled in the flowers using pink pirouette and the leaves using pear pizzazz ink. My flower panel is raised up using dimensionals. I'm going to have to use this stamp set more often! Did I mention that I love these flowers? LOL
Without dwelling on the subject matter, it related to a time when I was at my very lowest – or when I thought I was. Looking back now I can see it was not my darkest hour – for after that I still had quite some way to fall before taking charge of my life and making the changes that have got me to today. But at the time it felt like it was the end. Not only had I lost something very dear to me that I had not yet received, but I also lost the things I had right in front of me, namely the love and respect of those I cared for extremely deeply at the time.
First up shortstop Ian Desmond. One of the position players that makes some mighty spectacular plays. One of which seems to be shown in his card here, WOW what a picture.
I can't believe my precious baby girl is eight years old! It seems like yesterday I was rocking my little peanut in my arms. She has blossomed into such a beautiful, sweet, and tender hearted little lady.
I expect that it’s clear from the tone and content of my recent posts that I am feeling increasingly overwhelmed and desperate. To finally (think that I) know what’s been wrong with me all of this time; to understand why I’ve lived most of my life at suboptimal capability – and then to realise that nothing is going to change in the immediate future as a result of this new knowledge… It’s difficult and frustrating, to say the very least.
So, this is my first post and it already took me two days to just sit down and write it down. I'll be honest here and let you know that I probably won't update my blog regularly. But, who knows, maybe I'll get better at it. :) However, visitors should always feel welcomed!
It is true that these inmates and guards are part of a system. It did not take postmodernism to tell us that. So what is Fiona Tan really trying to do? I think that what Tan is trying to do is allow a viewer access to human beings which are usually forgotten once they are locked away or humans that are often viewed as brutal parts of institutional discipline, i.e. the guards. If this is the case, why does Tan use an eclectic postmodern presentation that does not allow such sentimentality and love of humanity?
inked in passion's prose
What a thought. Getting paid to care about/aid people I already find amazing!
Q is for queasy, is it fatal or flu?
Since it had been a while since I’d read the book, I sat down to reread it. Tears came to my eyes, and I got goosebumps. What an absolutely perfect picture book this still is, after ten years, with such a sympathetic main character and a compelling storyline.
Realize what you can do to others and how it can make a difference.
People are risking their lives and dying on a daily basis to have this privelege I am fussing about, so I realize that my biannual peeve is just this: grumpiness. I hereby resolve to grow up and be more thankful for my opportunity to vote. And the cynic in me is trying mightily not to be discouraged by the symbolism of a strong wind this morning, blowing lots of cold, wet snow into town. Slick, near whiteout conditions whilst driving to my polling place. Is there a double meaning in that?
When one type of library is threatened, all libraries are threatened.
Bake for one hour, or until they lift easily from the baking paper. Allow to cool.
Come you also
Cheese, sour cream, and salsa make everything a little bit better, in my estimations.
There were warning signs. For one thing, the organization or company conducting the contest was not identified. Entering contests when you can't verify who's behind them is a major no-no, not just because you have no way to judge the contest's prestige, but because you can't assess its honesty. (Many people, unfortunately, seem to have assumed that because the publication where they found the contest announcement was reputable, the contest was reputable too.)
1. The only named person who is known to have actually claimed that Islam supports this bizarre idea is a Moroccan sheikh, Zamzami Abdelbari, a fringe figure, and even he apparently said it was a repulsive practice. I've spoken before somewhere on this blog about my reluctance to indulge in the latest "crazy sheikh/crazy fatwa" report, in which the media focuses on a so-called "fatwa" from some self-proclaimed "sheikh" with a following that may include his immediate family, and treat this as some sort of "official" ruling. This guy has nothing to do with Egypt.
I’d heard before of the Cat Cafe idea being popular in Tokyo, Japan. Space restraints of apartments and anti-pet leases kept people from enjoying kitties. Also Japan loves cute things. Hence the idea of paying money to sit in a cafe loaded with cute fuzzy beasts.
Yes… for those of you who don’t know, the Social Security program has a massive investment trust fund that hoards your hard earned money into it every single year, and uses that money to invest in such things as war and occupation of other countries, junk bonds and federal securities – including mortgage-backed securities – and of course national and international banks and investments.
The bed sheets were gathered on the floor of our classroom and the children were told that it was snow. They were then asked to “shovel” the snow from one side of the classroom to another. As with the above lesson, this was also a taking turns activity.
I will never be Posh Spice. Being glamorous and high maintenance, coiffed and painted and clothed in the latest fashion is not me. I am relatively in style. I wear clothes that fit and don’t cover myself in pictures of turtles or wear clothes held together with duct tape. I am not secretly dreading an intervention from TLC’s “What Not To Wear”. There are far more likely candidates, several in my neck of the woods, in fact.
I slid the paper back and waited for her to complete the data entry.
Who are the English Defence League? Exposing the myths
My Mum got a kindle for Christmas which means that because she can adjust the font she can now read all my books that weren't available to her before. She called last night to tell me she'd read Renovation, Renovation, Renovation. Gulp! Luckily for me she loved it and said she'd read some bits out to my dad and they'd been laughing out loud at some of the lines.(In a good way)
Did you know that Amos Ives Root was closely connected with the birth of aviation? In 1903, he personally visited and followed the work of Orville & Wilbur Wright. In fact, he was with the Wright brothers the first time they flew in Dayton, Ohio. When he submitted an account of that flight to a leading scientific magazine, he received no acknowledgement. So, in typical “can-do” fashion, A.I. published the article himself in his magazine, Gleanings In Bee Culture. This turned out to be the first published account of the Wright Brothers historic accomplishment.
34.How would you like to die?
But I can’t remember why I was in it or what part I was supposed to play
Beverly wanted to use this reality show as an opportunity for the family to work through the issues related to the divorce and why she lost custody of her daughter. Beverly says that at the time, it was absurd for a court to take away a child from his/her mother, unless the mother was sick or on drugs or something. This simply wasn’t the case for Beverly – she was being punished for her career, even though Danny’s career caused him to travel just as much. In fact, Beverly made an adult Anansa read the court transcripts just so that she could understand the truth about how it all went down.
Food Employment: A Re-Evaluation Using Payroll Records." David Neumark, William Wascher) showing that increasing the minimum wage does not significantly affect unemployment. Neumark and Wascher's results are notable as they are opponents of increased minimum wage and initiated their study with the intention of refuting Card and Krueger.
available at www.carolsdaughter.com
Europe’s crisis economies will now have to radically reduce their welfare states. State spending in Spain will have to shrink by at least a quarter; Greece should count itself lucky if the cut is less than a half of the pre-crisis expenditure level. The worse news is that this is likely to be only the first round of welfare-state corrections. The next decade will usher Europe into the age of aging, when inevitably the cost of pensions will rise and providing health care for the elderly will be an even bigger cost driver. This demographic shift will be felt everywhere, including in the Nordic group of countries that has been saved from the worst effects of the sovereign-debt crisis. …Europe’s social systems will look very different 20 years from now. They will still be around, but benefit programs will be far less generous, and a greater part of social security will be organised privately. Welfare services, like health care, will be exposed to competition and, to a much greater degree, paid for out of pocket or by private insurance. The big divide in Europe won’t be between North and South or left and right. It will be between countries that diligently manage the transition away from the universal welfare state that has come to define the European social model, and countries that will be forced by events to change the hard way.
I think this stamp is one of my fav Mo Manning stamps....... Jill is two.......... which you can find here
The founders’ goal was to elevate the game of golf in minority colleges and universities by giving each a chance to compete in a championship after being denied opportunities to compete in NCAA Collegiate golf events… This National Collegiate Championship has developed into one of The PGA’s key diversity initiatives.
YO BITCHEZ!
The area in Detroit where we were has an artist community, with some very cool and/or interesting works. You'll see what I mean...
Since my initial post, I have had several conversations with girlfriends who have been struggling to navigate their way through messy situations. Among them are matters of the heart, career, and family. This got me thinking about how one might navigate those choppy waters and make their way to a (mentally) peaceful harbour.
But I'd trade all of my tomorrows for just one yesterday
Of course, the real competition is still Apple’s 13-inch MacBook Air–a laptop that has not been updated since summer 2011. We’re not sure any of these ultrabooks have the Air beat yet, but both the HP Folio 13 and Dell XPS 13 are closer than anything we’ve seen before.
Twitter Ye Not - Galileo
Poltergeist (Jerry Goldsmith)
The conceptual framework of these visions and their validity is volatile among many Catholics who believe Rome is complicit in an intentional cover-up involving the true Third Secret of Fatima as well as other suppressed Catholic foresights that are rife with wildly different predictions concerning the future prophetic role of the Roman Catholic Church. Marian apparitions, visions by popes, interpretations by cardinals of the apocalypse, and approved mystical prophecies often stand at odds with recent Vatican publications. Even the “Catechism of the Catholic Church” approved by the Church and promulgated by Pope John Paul II (released in English in 1994, the first catechism in more than four hundred years), which draws on the Bible, the Mass, the sacraments, traditions, teachings, and the lives of the saints, states under the section The Church’s Ultimate Trial:
but agreed to the terms,
A steamer of xiao long bao soup dumplings arrives with snaking plumes of steam. The dumplings here have an elegance to them, with their thin skins and delicate pleating. We lift them gently with our chopsticks, watching the delicate parcels sag ominously with the weight of hot soup inside.
When Gingrich's bus pulled up, Dillard stood silently holding his sign and watched the news-media horde swamp the candidate. Gingrich stepped down from the bus and made a beeline for Dillard. He stopped in front of Dillard and his sign and parked himself for a round of handshaking and pictures with voters. The placement couldn't have been worse. There was Gingrich, standing with his wife Callista at their first event of the day, and a giant Ron Paul sign floated inches from their crowns.
A mouse-like creäture attacked me, it was moving too fast for me to see it, it was a pet of the woman/princess; I kept swinging at it, but it was fast & it kept jumping on me.
The large Scroll and clock stamp are from Tattered Angels Time Traveller set. The sentiment is from Paper Artsy all stamped in Versafine Sepia
Um…okay.
If you would like to sign an online petition attempting to get justice for Trayvon Martin, please go here.
Count Basie and his Orchestra--Topsy
We do hope you can find time to play along this week. Thanks for looking.
I was so sad about it.
to someone who worships and praises Him. God does not turn away from anyone who is
There is a tendency amongst many of my professors to propose radical skepticism and I respect that. However, I wonder if they questions they raise and the void they create can ever be truly filled within the system of criticism they’ve created.
Level 14: MP Cost: 20, Duration: 144 seconds, ATT: +24.
PARTY ITINERARY
Sapphire arrives home from school, unfortunately in one of her eager-to-talk moods. The days when my fiddle arseing has been at prime level are never the days she wants to flop in her room on her own and decompress. We chat and I make her realise that it’s our pets who get the best greetings in life. “Think about it, Sapph. Every time Milly walks into the room, we all go gooey and coo, ‘Helloooooo there, sweetie’ but who does it for us?”
Miss C: But then I turn into a woman and I have wings.
Oh, yes. I'd read masses of it. It was what one tended to read. There were a lot of good crime writers then. It was the great age of Ellery Queen and others whose names are now forgotten but I thought were super at the time: Rex Stout... well, I could name-drop indefinitely! There were some marvellous people writing then. But anyway, I reviewed crime, and I also got all the military history, which I enjoyed. And it was quite economic. I was married, I had children...
They threw him into jail.
Leaving his hotel room Peter leisurely strolled down the hallway towards the elevators with the confidence of a man who believe everything in his life was under his full control. Peter did find some irritation with having to wait a minute of two for the elevator. The waiting was enough of an issue that he made a mental note to find a more exclusive hotel the next time the opportunity to visit New Orleans popped up.
One boy in my school class was sent there along with his family. Such a shame.
“Get the pole out of your room, Pat. Goddess? F’er? It’s show time! Damn I love this dysfunctional rest home.”
4.) Now we put it all together! In an oiled casserole dish, layer lasagna noodles, sauce, and baked eggplant rounds. When you get to the last of your eggplant rounds, put a layer of noodles and the rest of the sauce. On top of that, put a sprinkling of nutritional yeast and dried herbs, if desired, OR a layer of shredded vegan cheese. Cover with a tented piece of aluminum foil and cook 45 minutes at 400 degrees, then an additional 10 minutes with the tent off (you can even broil the top if desired.)
There's not a "mainstream" in baseball cards per se. But there are sets that everyone seems to like ('87 Topps), and then there's others that are continually bashed around the baseball card community (1996 Donruss, awful).
- Your blog post must mention that you are entering this challenge and include a link to this page
Now, instead of having an honest job interview that truly determines if we are the right fit for the position, and if the position is the right fit for us, we act like we’re trying to win a contest. The prize? Unlimited time in a job in a job that makes you want to tie a noose with your necktie or choke yourself with your own headset. The employers don’t win either. They get a disinterested miserable employee phoning it in for the minimum 40 hours a week as they search CareerBuilder and update their LinkedIn account.
Um. Thanks?
I used:
SeaChange supplying Cablenet Cyprus with back office: Video technology provider SeaChange International is suppl… http://t.co/AZwhzA8T
In addition to these exclusive pieces, this new issue includes We Love This Book’s regular features including the innovative ‘Book Tree’ taking us from Lolita to The Da Vinci Code, the ‘Three-Course Crush’ providing culinary delights from Dan Leppard, Matthew Evans, Jon Simon and Tristan Hogg and an extensive reviews section including both fiction and non-fiction, reviewed by booksellers and We Love This Book’s own reviewers, as well as readers’ choices of the best paperbacks.
- Cacciatorini (New York, Wild Boar) – Hunter’s Salami in natural casing seasoned w/
I wasn't going to bother putting them on the blog,
Separate cases have been registered against detained suspects at concerned police stations and investigations were in progress.
Where the birch meets water,
Jaycee
Today I cooked my 'Chicken Curry' the way she did.
Lost control
I cant stop listening to Jessie J 'Who's laughing Now' I feel this song can relate to thousands of people who have ever been bullied at school, college, uni or at work.
No agreement was reached between Wilson and senior officials of American Electronic at their meeting, but Wilson and his associates were able to leave the impression that their work was not only highly profitable but also had been officially sanctioned by the Government. In June, when the 10 prototype timers were needed, another series of meetings was set up in a Virginia bar involving three of Wilson’s employees, along with William Weisenburger, then an active-duty C.I.A. official, and two employees of American Electronic, one of whom was another C.I.A. official, then working under cover. Weisen-burger and the American Electronic men agreed to work privately over the weekend to produce 10 prototype timing devices at the inflated cost of $1,500 each (10 times the actual cost). Federal authorities later concluded that these men knew that there had been no official C.I.A. authorization for the job, and that senior officials of American Electronic had not known of the moonlighting. It was a project that in the months ahead struck Mulcahy as wildly ironic: He knew that many of company’s senior officials were Jewish and, he now says, ”You can bet they wouldn’t do anything for Libya.”
My wife commented during the Typhoon a couple of weeks ago, "Why is it that people always get washed away during typhoons?" The sad fact is that of those who have been lost over the last two days, the majority have been men in their 50's to 80's. It is not only sad because of the loss of life, but also because they perhaps should have known better.
Have any questions?
A couple of thrift shops,
You will find a love so deep
Roll your dough ball into a rope about 1.5 - 2cm thick. Cut off pieces that are about 2 - 2.5cm long, and, if you're brave, roll them off the tines of a fork to get the traditional shape. If you are not brave, do not worry, they'll taste the same.
So, Spencer got an exercise machine… actually, for a moment there, I thought I heard Spencer say exorcise machine… I actually did…
Anyway, here you go. Me writing at age 21, but I confess the me at 37 couldn't let the worst bits remain and did edit just a wee bit. But it's 95% the same as then. Okay, 90%.
In 1992, Goodwyn reformed April Wine and Clench returned to record four more studio albums, 1993's Attitude, 1994's Frigate, 2001's Back to the Mansion and 2006's Roughly Speaking.
5. Cut the back of my leg while shaving.
Apparently, a basic meal averages a travel distance of 2400 km before being served on a plate in Canada. Think of all the pollution and emissions, as well as the oil costs related to that travel. Add to that the fact that the time for travel greatly reduces the freshness of the produce, thus reducing the taste and nutritional value of our food.
and useful career in Hollywood. He directed over 170 shorts and features
Si Schroder – Elaine’s Porsche – Coping Mechanisms (2006)
My mom made all my costumes.
1. The Election Commission must resign, as it has failed in its responsibility and has lost the confidence of the public.
Publisher: Moonlight Publishing
Alphastickers: Jillibean Soup, October Afternoon, American Crafts
- Drowned In Sound
Please provide me the following as we have 7 working days to run it through:
In my effort to use up more bits & pieces from my technique development, I decided to use this large piece of embossed metal for the focal point:
Well never mind.
My last post was called "Miles to Go Before I Sleep." Well, I've gone miles -- many thousands of them -- but there hasn't been much sleeping. The jet lag has been pretty intense. I've only been here in Kuala Lumpur for about 36 hours, but tomorrow I fly onto Cambodia. I'll be back here next month for a longer amount of time. This first stopover was really meant just as a way to help me get acclimated. But I do want to show you my first images of this city.
10/9 Vineland, NJ @ Hanger 84
“One thing that we’re particularly proud of is these cadets are a very new team,” Carlisle said. “We’ve only been a team formally for one year now, and they’ve gone from nothing to not only beating all the other service academies, but also the graduate schools. And then, totally fatigued from that, they went directly to the national competition. They competed against teams that could have up to two graduate students and still came in second against 10 regional finalists from more than 100 teams across the country.”
It is developing into a wonderful new hobby.
For the base:
For now I guess I'll have to settle for the occasional phone call, email, and instant messages and he'll have to get my hugs in the way of gifts for his new place, like food. I know he'll make the right choices so I have already arranged for him to visit his local Farmers Market and Trader Joe's to pick up the foods we used to enjoy together before the big move.
The nose showed floral and herbal notes, red fruit, dried fruit too, spice and vanilla with delicate caramel in the background.
Mishy came to rest at the far end of the living room, her black, white and orange tail fluffed out like a duster. I was on the floor between the couch and the coffee table, the book laying some feet away. From this vantage point, I could figure out what happened. Then Deena came in, sniffed the book, then trotted over and started sniffing my face.
What happened to our country? We used to care about each other. We used to want to make things better together. We used to be proud of our diversity and heritage. Now all I hear is how all immigrants should be deported, how all unions are bad and should be broken, how taxes are too high, how universal healthcare is Socialist.
The solution? I changed my ringtone to “Old Time Phone”, so it sounds like one of those old-style mechanical ringers in those big, heavy, black phones you see in movies of the 30′s and 40′s.
Perform proper Pipe Support selections suitable with the product designed.
SUMMER READING FOR PARENTS AND TEACHERS: The Summer Challenge website is also the go-to summer resource for parents and teachers. Through the site, teachers can sign up their class, track their students’ reading progress and access free helpful tools including printable reading logs and reading certificates. Plus, parents can sign up to receive email alerts on their child’s reading achievements, access summer book lists compiled by Scholastic experts, and discover ways to use the Summer Challenge at home with the Family Participation Guide created in collaboration with nonprofit partner Reach Out and Read, an organization that prepares America's youngest children to succeed in school by partnering with doctors to prescribe books and encourage families to read together.
This book feels like a timely and inspired find for me. First of all, it's on prayer, the topic that is closest to my heart of hearts, Second, it frames prayer within the Paschal Mystery. This is important to me for two reasons: first, because this speaks deeply to where my own prayer journey has taken me lately and the ways of thinking about my own experience that have been most helpful to me and second, because we are in the Easter season right now, so it feels very appropriate.
I went back inside and walked out on the back porch. Thinking I might be able to befriend it (hey, I’ve seen Charlotte’s Web), I carefully and quietly tip-toed to the corner of the house so I could peek around and see how friendly this cow looked. Maybe it would sweetly follow me to the barbed wire, and I could somehow convince it to go back to freedom. Yeah, right. As I peeked around the corner of the house, I couldn’t see it at first. I thought it may have somehow hopped the brick wall back into the pasture, but I suddenly realized it was so white, it was blending in with my white house (cut me some slack: it was nine o’clock at night). When my eyes finally focused on it, I let out a little “Oh!” That doggone animal’s ears perked up, she (or was it a he?) let out a moo like a battle cry, and hightailed it…straight at me!!! I haven’t run that fast in awhile; don’t laugh: cows are huge animals.
Included in this trailer are snippets from the likes of Jah Wobble,Marco Pirroni,Viv Abertine,Siouxsie,Steve Severin,Dave Vanian,Rat Scabies,Caroline Coon and Glen Matlock amongst others.
He lives to bless in time of need.
It comes so easily to you to show honor to God, but not so easily when it comes to honoring yourself. Why is that? Your soul began as a spark of God. You are created in God’s image. To hold yourself in this accord is to honor God on the highest level.
On its own merits, however, it’s rather nice. The word Shakespearean gets thrown around a lot in relation to this story, but inexplicably it’s usually in relation either to the dialogue or the costumes and set. Given that Johnny Byrne and Christopher Bidmead are not exactly the go-to guys for searingly brilliant poetry and that “Shakespearean costumes” really just mean that we’re on another pseudo-medieval planet of the sort that we’ve seen three times already this season including last episode this argument holds very little water.
1) their business structure couldn’t handle that and
An acclaimed fantasy author navigates the world between myth and chaos in this compelling exploration of identity, told with a Caribbean lilt.Sixteen-year-old Scotch struggles to fit in—at home she’s the perfect daughter, at school she’s provocatively sassy, and thanks to her mixed heritage, she doesn’t feel she belongs with the Caribbeans, whites, or blacks. And even more troubling, lately her skin is becoming covered in a sticky black substance that can’t be removed. While trying to cope with this creepiness, she goes out with her brother—and he disappears. A mysterious bubble of light just swallows him up, and Scotch has no idea how to find him. Soon, the Chaos that has claimed her brother affects the city at large, until it seems like everyone is turning into crazy creatures. Scotch needs to get to the bottom of this supernatural situation ASAP before the Chaos consumes everything she’s ever known—and she knows that the black shadowy entity that’s begun trailing her every move is probably not going to help.
It was said that nobody knew how to reach the doors of the black tower from the outside – nobody but generals Acker and Devereaux. Officer Myron Kline had been flown in with a jet, and though the tower's sentries were ordered not to shoot on this occasion, he hadn't felt at ease until making contact with the ground.
There senior managers with no managers under them. It is not a surprise to find AGM and GMs with only 20 staff under their authority.
You will hide behind money, power and muscle mass. You will press her body down and take what is not yours. You will crush her bosom and pierce her lips with your own as you inject anguish into her every crevice. You will rape her mind far longer than her body. You will ravish her in dreams and eat away at her until she is skin and bones and bones and skin and skin and skin and scarred and ruined and pained and lost. You will shadow her eyes and teach her that this is it; she will die today. No man will love her, hold her, cradle her, and forgive away every flaw upon her name. You will stomp out her light, snuff the candle and make a film about it.
* Crown chakra – top of head pains and pressures
13 saw
There seriously is something for everyone in this CD again - and added to the other collections - boy have you got a library to choose from!!!!
bring the beach up here to a little park in New York.
Unshadowed reflections were our only cover
On Friday my old college roommate, Steven, and I went for a warm-up jog around beautiful downtown Chattanooga. It was nice to get the 2.2 miles in that we did and the time of day would put my scare about humidity to the test. Well, since it was such a short run I wasn’t bothered and ran pretty well. This helped ease my fears that I had developed in my mind about how the humidity and heat would just kills my run. After a quick lunch with my uncle, we headed North to Nashville, TN to entertain ourselves at the expo.
Make sure you check out the New Items page at IHP. And if you already have some new stuff and want to play along with us, just upload it to the SCS or PCP gallery with the keyword ihp0911.
My little boy's got covered in boils,
I missed out last year so I made sure I was able to go this season....
Pretty much the best thing that has happened this month. They are awesome and now I am on a mission to find out where I can get them. They arrived pretty quick after she let me know I had won and also included some recipes for me to try. The first one I decided to use was the Sweet & Sour; Great idea, so great. I cannot get the taste out of my mouth/head....I can feel it in my bones. I couldn't find the recipe on the Butler website but it is pretty simple. I opted to use pineapple in liru of the sugar since I like to use natural sugars whenever possible and when is pineapple a bad idea? Never, really. I really enjoyed the texture of the product and the flavour is really dependant on what you season with, like cooking with tofu. Of course, I didn't take a picture, what was I thinking? This dish wasn't really pretty....I was in a hurry, had to get to work, blah blah blah. You need to take my word for it, or you can go read the Vegan Food Rocks blog post, she has pictures.
Miami-Dade plans to install more red light cameras at a cost of $25 million. Robert Williams from the Miami-Dade Public Works Department said that “an area the size of the county should warrant cameras at about 250 signal approaches in unincorporated locations, each costing $70,000 to $100,000.”
please, if you never do anything for me ever again, just do this. look up the lyrics. study the music. i can pretty much promise they will both be stuck in your head and that you'll be a better person for having listened to them. and then if you really love me, you'll buy both of these albums and dance and sing around your house/apartment/parents' house/street like i've been doing.
I'm so excited to announce the newest addition to the Kenzie Kate collection! Our bran' spankin' new Correspondence Sets! We've custom made these amazing limited edition wooden boxes and filled them with all our favorite note cards and a rainbow of envelopes. There's a total of 50 notecards and 50 envelopes in there! The ultimate desk accessory, if you will...
And there are still tickets for
O Come, All ye Faithful
ONE-SIDED INVESTMENT
They are the perfect food for those who wish to cut down or be free of gluten, sugar, milk, nuts or meat.
pow-wow signs
Bob Adams
There were a number of Boers who resisted the Afrikaner agenda mainly in the form of opting for secession & or the restoration of the old Boer Republics but they were often labeled as or overshadowed by the purported Right Wing.
Common Evening Primrose 4.26.12
VII) The legal age for a girl to marry in first century Rome was
Because modern structures and buildings do not last longer than couple hundred years,
(Together)
By the time I got closer to the stage area J.Pinder was on deck rocking cuts off his Careless project. Pinder performed a very tight and solid set so I stepped to his table, bought a tee-shirt from him directly and took a few photos of the cool brotha. I missed out on Ad.D’s set since they rocked first, while I was out in the rain holding a wet joint, lol…Thx to Edot from T-Dot.
Well it's Friday, again, yippe! I have a busy weekend ahead, a UW football game, an a cappella show, dinner and a concert with friends and some family time. What about you? Whatever it is, enjoy and I'll see you back here on Monday!
But yeah the drama is now resolved (with the Serious Discussion pending), but at the time it was a rather emotional stressful thing. I seem to be good at encountering those.
In talking to his nephew, Slashreap talks about the internet:
Neil was born in 1950, but despite growing up in an era of button-down conservatism he managed to form a deep personal relationship with the arts and by 1968 had recorded his first solo album. He called this record Early Worm, produced it under the moniker GENESIS P-ORRIDGE, and limited its release to one (1) copy. John Cage himself later located the record and re-released it in a limited batch of 500. Want one?
Organised by the Asian Strategy and Leadership Institute (Asli) and the MCA think-tank, Insap, the debate was moderated by Kuala Lumpur and Selangor Chinese Assembly Hall chief executive officer Tang Ah Chai.
Whether you are an expert at yoga or a beginner, yoga mats are an essential element of the entire experience. You can find a wide variety of mats available that will help you get the most out of your yoga exercise. Whether you need an affordable mat, or a mat that is meant to last for many years, you should be able to easily find what you are looking for.
It is hard for those people with silent diseases. I saw this with my Dad, where many people used to see him and thought he was no different from them. Yet they did not see behind the scenes; the excruciating pain, the restless legs, the high blood pressure. Maybe if this disease was well known it would be different. People say cancer and people know of the pain and upset it can cause as well as the seriousness. But PKD sufferers don’t have that luxury. When people are told what you have, they look at you with their preconceived images of illness and don’t see someone who is ill. It is with time that people begin to see the horrors and the pain.
02. School
dissolved in this fashion. For instance, citing the host of female
Today’s announcements have confirmed what many in sportscar racing circles had long suspected. Lotus has signaled its intention to join the ever-growing list of LMP and GT chassis manufacturers, announcing plans to build LMP2, GT2, and GT3 chassis.
Our boy is coming home is just a few days, we won't get to see him for a while yet but at least he will be out of Afghanistan. Please lord keep him safe on his last mission and bring him home swiftly.
Wharton Digital Press (2011)
I have often stared into the stars and their huge immenseness, it makes me feel so small. It is one of the ways I use to work out how important I am to this world. I am not. When I am gone the world won't miss me. I will have done my jobs, left my genes behind, what the universe requested of me and why I was made, to continue my tiny bit of our species to the world. While I am here I will do my best with what I have and try to cause as little damage as I can in this consumer based society that I have been born into. Maybe someday, someday, an archaeologist may find a site from our generation and there will be a pot I made with my finger prints immortalized in it and wonder what the maker was like.
Morgan Godfery and I (one, two) have both argued that the policy has racist overtones, in that it is seeking to control the fertility of poor women, and poor brown women, who make up about 53% of those receiving the Domestic Purposes Benefit. The response has been to say, “No, it’s not!” I would stop short of the word “eugenic”, but I do think that there are very nasty overtones about controlling women’s fertility, and given the high proportion of Maori and Pacific Island women amongst beneficiaries, a racist overtone as well. This can be seen in the type of contraceptive that is approved for use: it is long-term contraceptives, which controls fertility for years at a time. But more than that, it is the fact that the “free” contraceptives will be available not just for women on the benefit, but for their sixteen to nineteen year old daughters as well. In other words, not only does the government want to stop poor women from having babies, but it wants to stop their daughters from having babies too. The government is extending its control of women’s fertility to the second generation. It’s that extended reach that makes the policy worrying.
10 Bandulu - Come Forward (10:43)
Revelation
My husband and I have been making changes since the beginning of this year. It started with childhood and adult experience, listening to people trying to educate us on what is wrong and right according to the Bible, health, etc. I sat and watched Fresh The Movie when they made it available online and free in January 2012. I highly recommend attending a viewing or buying this movie if you can ... it is safe enough for children to watch and educational for those who are interested in a healthier way of life. The problem that I have had since watching Fresh The Movie is the extreme guilt of what I have done to my body and the health of those I love, as well as anger towards the impact of media, corporations and government for the choices they have made for us. For example, soy, potatoes, tomatoes, apples, corn, ice cream, pet food, etc. genetically engineered? Why is our infant formula, flour, syrup, oil, pet food, processed foods, etc made with non conventional ingredients? Why does a bottle of vitamin C taste like salt, plus have sodium and Yellow 6 in it? Why does Monsanto's genetically engineered bovine growth hormone (rBGH) infect meats, dairy and pesticides on the vegetables needed to eat and make flour, corn meal, coffee, etc. Why does our local food get shipped to other states and out of the country ... why do we eat imported foods when the exact same foods are exported from our country?
Preheat the oven to 350 (what a surprise!) and line your muffin tins with muffin paper cups.
I have always scribbled on stuff, after attempting a number of realistic career options, it became brutally obvious that I was better suited as an artist.
I found that the easiest and most convenient path to take was to adopt the God of my parents understanding.
Tomorrow, members of Jessie's class will be presenting a dialogue on different aspects of a persuasive text, in an interesting format.
T: Mama, you want to try mine?
Hey guys! Here today with a super quick and easy mani :) I went to Ulta recently looking for the new Zoya line to no avail because well...the Ulta here sucks! But I did pick up Butter London Disco Biscuit and Knackered :)
Tell me again that government can't do anything right and watch me laugh.
Congrats Donna!!!
Leaf went from signing a 4 year contract worth $31.25 million with the San Diego Chargers as the 2nd pick of the 1998 draft, to being out of football after 4 years. To be fair, a part of his exit was due to a wrist injury during the 2000 season. The biggest reason for his quick exit was his immaturity. You can’t forget the confrontation that he had with San Diego Union Tribune reporter Jay Posner, which Junior Seau had to intervene in. There was the shouting match with general manager Bobby Beathard that resulted in a suspension. There is also the belief that he lied about a hand injury to get out of practice to go play golf.
Stamps: Unity - frames in the house
I know, my email box is constantly filled with what I would refer to as junk, but it’s about staying focused to your Goal. Deciding on committing to a program and then not getting side tracked by all the other “Gurus” out there who will vie for your business.
4x Zealous Conscripts
“Nellu, there’s a mosquito in our net,” I whispered loudly “Do you want some more DEET.”
because of their friendship,
Plus-size model Katya Zharkova is featured in an explosive editorial at PLUS Model Magazine where thought provoking statistics and statements are revealed about models in the fashion industry and real women's sizes. Some of the statistics include:
I'm not saying it's Satan, all I wonder is: What if Ross is right. What if the person opting not to get help isn't "him."
and give those placid golden days of all delight my own good name.
Oooh, all my packs are just delicious! I’ve got fairies, vampires, Victorian lacy stuff, modern arty stuff and shamanic oracle stuff. All gorgeous. My excuse is that they are all arty and some will be great for writing stimulation.
7:00 - 10:00: A little combo of pinning, facebooking, blogging, grading, planning, and TiVo catching up.
Now don’t get mad at me for picking the guy who led a massive portion of Kansas and still lost. Truex Jr. is still looking for his second career win and came extremely close, but such is the nature of racing. My reasoning for picking Truex Jr. as the Driver of the Week is because of how well he has been racing the past few weeks, and Kansas tipped him in favor for the award. He dominated the race, except for the most important lap, and has now had five consecutive races finishing in the Top 10. He’s been one of the most dominant lap leaders of the season and is making that purple/yellow combo very attractive for the fans. He might not be winning, but he’s becoming a hot item for when the Chase comes around. Notable stats:
The fine folks at Gainesville's own Swamp Head Brewery have opened a tasting room! Starting yesterday, Wednesday February 23, the tasting room is open on Wednesdays, Thursdays, and Fridays from 4-7pm. It's important to note that for now, it's CASH ONLY.
Manchester was the host of the annual Northern Restaurant and Bar Show at Manchester Central last week, where amongst the guest masterclasses, Ian Hart brought along his gin making expertise. This unique way of involving the consumer has spiralled to new heights since the launch back in 2009, and its all created in the living room of his home. Having originally met both Ian and his partner in crime Hilary Whitney in London last year, I was very excited to see what Ian had in store for us at the Restaurant and Bar Show. Turns out it was to be an insight into Sacred Gin and eleven of the botanicals that are used, with the chance to create our own at the end.
It doesn't sound like they're talking about zeroing out Windham or eliminating the services, but scaling it back and looking for alternative means to educate inmates, which may or may not turn out to be any cheaper. Cutting education and treatment programming is the wrong approach to cutting prison expenditures: If recidivism increases even a percentage point or two, a prison system already projected to be 10-12,000 beds short by 2013 will even further feel the strain.
it was simply not meant to be
Andrew Langford, chief executive of the British Liver Trust, said the charity did not want to "put a dampener" on a special and significant event, but said extending licensing hours for alcohol lent itself to some criticism.
Lake Ontario’s shifting, restless dunes, what the poet Al Purdy called “white bonfires in the sunlight,” are continually being restored. The world’s largest freshwater sand barrier is at Sandbanks Provincial Park, near Picton. The dunes are still recovering from 19th century disturbances, when local farmers sent their cows to graze on the dunes — the loss of vegetation led to widespread erosion. Entire trees could be lost beneath the blown sand. Rehabilitation efforts include planting trees — 50,000 in the past five years — and marram grass, a native species. Fencing and walkways help reduce trampling and the impact of wandering visitors.
I’m flying to taiwan this sunday till next next tuesday.
The conference came to a more lighthearted end with Streep, who spoke humorously of the similarities she shared with Clinton.
I know some days are going to be harder than others and I know some days I won’t be able to exercise but I am ok with it.
· Product innovation and differential
Apple, orange and cheese and onion crisps
MPAA Rating: PG-13, some violent images and brief strong language
You may have heard by now that Jessica Simpson finally popped out a lil one after the longest pregnancy in history (probably not but lets not pretend we weren’t thinking it.) The second tidbit is that she named her little girl Maxwell Drew. The comments have been going off a bit at this info. “but that’s 2 boys names?” ” people are going to start calling her Maxwell Smart?” I will not lie that last comment tickled me a bit and made me think that she really does have a sense of humour, but the former was also my first thought. Luckily my developed brain then skipped straight into, What right do I have to judge what gender a name is? I expect the first girl or boy to be called Sydney would not appreciate it.
If so, you’ve probably been to a safety deposit box, which means you’ve probably been to a vault down in the depths of a bank at some point in your life.
Every once in a while there seems to be a rash of people posting that they are having problems with gadgets and commenting ( although usually when blogger are making changes) I guess like all babies our blogs can get sick. But there's no need to be getting all panicky and bothered, it’s the same in any playground when a virus goes round, everyone gets sick sooner or later.
So I recorded a couple of their tracks using the video function on my camera. Almost all of their songs are in English, although the 2nd video here has the one song they sang in Japanese.
Row 7- (sc in 3sc, 2sc in next) around (15)
The farmer finally got in from his crisis with the tractor at 5pm. The mechanic arrived at half past one and they managed to get the tractor into the open-fronted barn for repair. By that time it was raining hard and within half an hour the rain had turned to snow and winds of fifty plus miles an hour had risen. They were coming from the North and blowing directly into the barn.
With Miéville being a rather openly political person, I think it’s fair to say that this book has a message at its heart. Anyone who knows anything about our world today, will know that our planet is slowly being destroyed by all the fumes we release into our atmosphere, and all the waste we produce and create year after year. The Smog is obviously a representation of what we are doing to our planet.
Now this was taken outside in bright sunshine which , I think reflected off cream wall back to camera. I have used this image before and I do have a few Male family members who are keen on crosswords so this card will go to my stash .
Our president is not respected by the commander in Afghanistan.
Fortunately for me, the lady at Mark Glenn (possibly sensing my unease due to the massive sneer on my face) asked if I had ever been shown how to properly apply Nanogen. I had not, and she proceeded to talk me through the application; sectioning off my hair starting from the top of my ear, and gently shaking the fibres on to the roots of the hair (not directly on to the scalp as I had been doing) as she worked her way up to my parting.
This quote is not, in my understanding, from my friend–but from another… But what is interesting to me is the mental response it created in me.
ship code: G3
Today's story is that of a vase that just wanted to be painted, but in the end, the task was not that simple.
No new door is opened without the inner urge for growth. Dreams guide us, encourage us, stretch us to new heights – and leave us momentarily empty when they are dashed.
Though sometimes I wish I can regain all my youth back, I have become quite content with how I look. Made peace with the lines in my face, the dark circles under my eyes. No longer am I afraid to tell people my real age.
Drink lots of fresh water to maintain hydration. Scientific evidence points to dehydration as an important migraine headache cause. The recommended fluid intake is 1/2 oz. of water for each pound of body weight daily.
Said Lukashenko of Cuba: “For Your numerous supporters all over the world, you are an ever spectacular example of passionate service to fatherland, to the cause of freedom and independence.”
Monday to Saturday
There are a few Alice in Wonderland inspired titles coming out in the near future, but Splintered caught my eye– even when there was no creepy wonderful cover– because of the scary and unique twist. The Wonderland curse means that sixteen year old Alyssa hears whispers that she shouldn't, and if she can't solve the mystery, she's doomed for the same descent into madness that plagued generations before her.
May 23 – Palladium Ballroom (Dallas, TX) *
25 winners of CANON POWER SHOT A800
2 - A case pack of 184 diapers will cost $42 (this is a sale price on diapers.com with a $1 off coupon. No tax added.)
How has your reading week been. What's your favourite book from March?
Please pop over to Ready-Teddy-Go-Challenge to see my teamies gorgeous creations, lot's of great inspiration...Look foward to seeing your take of the sketch, have fun...
Okay, all bets are off. I’m out of the torture dimension of Pinhead and I’m ready to kick these demons’ asses for keeping me trapped there for two of their god-awful films. This time I’m fighting back! I’m going to DESTROY THEM ONCE AND FOR ALL! And unfortunately for me, that means I have to sit through the worst Hellraiser film, Bloodline.
If you know of any other reasonably priced photography workshops, do share! Oh and I would love to hear your plans this Spring.
A spokesman for Mercadona has said an English speaking helpline has been set up and anyone worried about this issue can contact 900500103.
Obama wants a Buffett Rule? OK, fine — let’s call him on his bluff. Download this “Buffett Rule”-adapted 1040 form, and integrate it into the rest of your IRS forms. As I noted in my original post, this new 1040 form makes everybody happy, because not only can you (like Warren Buffett) pay whatever tax rate you prefer, but you can allocate those taxes to whichever part of government expenses you want...
Answer: If I had the answer to this, I’d be richer than Bill Gates, more revered than Mother Theresa, and probably a top advisor to the President of the United States. I think this problem is ubiquitous, and generally speaking, difficult neighbors will still be difficult whether or not there is a fence involved. So why not get the fence and then you will see/hear less of them. I prefer a ten-foot brick wall with razor wire running along the top and accompanied by a drooling pack of mastiffs, but strangely enough city ordinances frown on this approach. If all else fails, try cookies or homemade bread.
My first full day of Lent led me to a wonderful insight about what I truly need to become. I was working hard to incorporate prayer into my Lent as God reminded me that I do fast, but I don't pray anymore than normal. So I've been stopping to pray more. I had gotten up from praying, due to kidneys and it was then that I felt the Spirit drop some wisdom into my head. "You need to learn to make every conversation a prayer." And there I sat thinking ...now you speak, while I'm...well I said I got up due to kidneys. Then it hit me. What would I be like if every conversation I had with any person was a prayer. Not..."Oh Jesus and my friend hi, I pray you be blessed today, I'd love to chat but I don't know how to do that and pray at the same time. But rather hearing every word spoken and appropriately applying prayer in the quiet of my mind whether I'm silent or speaking. Wouldn't I be a better person? Don't you think it would be difficult for me to keep praying and be critical at the same time. Perhaps that gossip we do for the sake of prayer could be silenced if we believed our prayers were enough for that person who shares there pain and foolishly trust us with it.
So, in light of the fact that red meat is going to kill us all, I am going to share with you a favorite Road To an Early Death meal my oddly healthy family thoroughly enjoys. And I'm even going to add some beer to it to really hammer in the first nail. (Oh wait, I think beer is healthy now. I'm not sure.)
I don’t know I don’t
Everything was now working great. The door opened in the morning. Chickens filed out and started reducing our tick population. In the evening, they filed back in to the roost. The door closed. Everyone was safe. We got to stay out late keeping Tractor Supply and Home Depot in business. Life was good.
But don’t fret if your state isn’t on the list. You few right wingers who eat veggies now and then as condiments for your red meat could be affected too–if your arteries don’t harden and kill you first! There are expectations that Listeria will be visiting other states too! They just haven’t said which states yet. I love playing Food Roulette, don’t you? And with a Use By date of August 10 and a report dated August 12, you or your next of kin are sure to know by now if you are a lucky winner.
I am my own person and that is that! No one tell me what to do or how to do it.
Here we are at he point where Apple has a few really revolutionary products. They are so unsuccessful because no other company can match sophistication with which those products are made. They simply try to copy the look and put the best possible hardware inside their phones or tablets. By doing this they alienate a lot of potential customers who observe nothing more than a mere copy from a company that builds microwaves and pretend to be innovative. Whats the solution for the rest of the market then?
6. Then start filling your basket with the fruit. Blueberries, strawberries, and raspberries can go in whole. The pineapple can simply be cut into chunks. The watermelon (and any other melon too, we usually use cantaloupe or honeydew as well) needs to be balled. Using a cookie scoop or melon baller, stick the end in the melon and turn it around full circle, then pull it out and you have a melon ball! Feel free to add in any other fruits you like as well.
one face made of all the slain eyes is guard in the darkness
The next meme in our line-up is a combination of many things, but they all stick to the same formula: someone in an advertisement trying to sell you some sort of product. The products themselves can be quite funny and sometimes unnecessary (take the Snuggie, a blanket with sleeves), but the way that they are advertised make them worthy of meme status, too. Even if you aren’t going to buy it, why not get a laugh out of it? There’s even a remix for a kitchen utensil called the Slap Chop. “Cause you’ll be slap-slap-slapping your troubles away with the Slap Chop!”
This recipe hasn't made a lot of pancakes, as every time I've made them, it's has yielded about 8-9 pancakes. That's fine with us, as I don't want leftover pancakes-- but recently I doubled the recipe and it yielded about 15 pancakes. The dry ingredients are unbleached white flour, baking soda, baking powder and salt. The wet ingredients are beaten eggs and melted butter and pure vanilla.
Allie is one of those narrators that isn't easy to forget. What she has been through leaves both physical and internal scars that color the ways she sees everything. At the beginning, we find Allie trying to cope with the loss of her boyfriend from a tragic car accident and to recover from her physical injuries. Living in a small town means she is under a microscope and one tiny wrinkle in her mourning causes a wave in the town. I was afraid Allie was going to be too mopey for me to like but as she starts to make herself go through the motions of her day, the reader begins to see who Allie actually is and not what grief and guilt wants her to be. We find out that she was involved in an abusive relationship with the boy who died and is so broken and conflicted by what they appeared to have on the outside that she can't get over the death. I loved how even though Allie was hurting, she could still find the good people. I was a little frustrated that she wouldn't stand up for herself and wanted to shake some sense into her for always succumbing to what people expected instead of what she wanted. But because she was so broken and timid, it made the moment she started fighting back so very satisfying.
Kate also sourced the fabulous Checkered Past carpet tiles in Laural/Lime by FLOR which was layered over the existing carpet. I love to use FLOR tiles in kids' spaces because they are so easy to remove one to clean or have it replaced. FLOR also generously donated the tiles too!
Hear precious one, His promise to you,
Manawatu – Wanganui 6.2% to 8.9% (7,700 to 10,900)
First of all, let me say that I have been sewing handbags for about 10 years. I am generally self-taught and enjoy patterns that are clear and have good sketches to follow. I am a visual learner. The more words there are in instructions, the more likely I am to check out. I skimmed through these instructions, took a look at the sketches before I started and figured I had a clear picture of how this was going to go together. I am so comfortable with Amy's patterns that I can put my music in my ears and just go for it. I always end up with a fabulous finished product! Turns out my feelings of sewing security were ill-fated.
Here are the other rings, I reallyyy liked the smaller gold toned ring. I liked that it was simple but interesting with the pyramids on the top. I really liked the other one too, but I can see myself wearing these on their own separately depending on what I’m wearing, like these a lot!!
Does your family take a summer vacation? What do you do?
The Striker: 25
8. Cover with silver foil, and bake at 350 degrees F for 35-45 minutes, or until heated through.
our birthday’s on the same day, same
I don't know what it is about the first day of May but it just seems like a new beginning! For most people, January 1st is the day for brand new resolutions and goals! For me, it's May!
DAMIEN: You’re a very pretty girl, did you know that?
We have all heard the tired old lie that the average serial killer is a white male, it is repeated time and again in newspaper and magazines, on crime shows and in TV dramas, and everyone believes it, however, the problem is it is just not true. Male, he may be, but white, not so much.
It was big. It was full of booze: spirits, wines, beers, even mead. I did see wondrous liquors, a rainbow of cordials, and I did take a bottle of St. Germain down from the shelf and fondle it (noting as I did that it was on sale for $6 off).
A pivotal service in our country.
Krishna to Krishna is the chariot of fire across the prima facie of Christ
Yessssss! I already got ACTA on my back.
But then, Sunday arrives. And with Sunday comes light—a light within the tomb. A bright light? A soft light? Flashing? Hovering? We don’t know. But there was a light. For he is the light. And with the light came life. Just as the darkness was banished, now the decay is reversed. Heaven blows and Jesus breathes. His chest expands. Waxy lips open. Wooden fingers lift. Heart valves swish and hinged joints bend.
And if while you are hiking you perceive an urge to wander into the unknown forest, it may be the cult of the dead that calls to you at the bend of a trail. If you want to know the habits and customs of the peoples of the Abenaki Nation, a journey may be organised this summer which will target a wide audience eager for discovery and adventure with no risk, in the footsteps of the voyageurs.
Firestone 13 Anniversary Ale: 12%
Hae Ra takes off a bigger, more expensive ring that’s already on her finger to wear Jin Oh’s ring for her. She looks up with tears in her eyes. Okay, something is clearly wrong. She proposes that they run away together because her mom has told her that she will never approve of the two marrying. Hae Ra sobs as she looks down at the ring.
The call is more of an appeal than anything. Lets face it: Ghanaians can sometimes be an indiscplined bunch--as exemplified by this picture here, where a "heavy duty" truck is parked on the first lane of a motorway...without hazard lights.
Deep frying with good smoking point oil (at least 400ºF) such as canola, corn, safflower, sunflower, and peanut oils are great choice.
The most chaste daughter of Maharaja Drupada and partly an incarnation of goddess Saci, the wife of Indra. Maharaja Drupada performed a great sacrifice under the superintendence of the sage Yaja. By his first offering, Dhrstadyumna was born, and by the second offering, Draupadi was born. She is therefore the sister of Dhrstadyumna, and she is also named Pancali. The five Pandavas married her as a common wife, and each of them begot a son in her. Maharaja Yudhisthira begot a son named Pratibhit, Bhimasena begot a son named Sutasoma, Arjuna begot Srutakirti, Nakula begot Satanika, and Sahadeva begot Srutakarma. She is described as a most beautiful lady, equal to her mother-in-law, Kunti. During her birth there was an aeromessage that she should be called Krsna. The same message also declared that she was born to kill many a ksatriya. By dint of her blessings from Sankara, she was awarded five husbands, equally qualified. When she preferred to select her own husband, princes and kings were invited from all the countries of the world. She was married with the Pandavas during their exile in the forest, but when they went back home Maharaja Drupada gave them immense wealth as a dowry. She was well received by all the daughters-in-law of Dhrtarastra. When she was lost in a gambling game, she was forcibly dragged into the assembly hall, and an attempt was made by Duhsasana to see her naked beauty, even though there were elderly persons like Bhisma and Drona present. She was a great devotee of Lord Krsna, and by her praying, the Lord Himself became an unlimited garment to save her from the insult. A demon of the name Jatasura kidnapped her, but her second husband, Bhimasena, killed the demon and saved her. She saved the Pandavas from the curse of Maharsi Durvasa by the grace of Lord Krsna. When the Pandavas lived incognito in the palace of Virata, Kicaka was attracted by her exquisite beauty, and by arrangement with Bhima the devil was killed and she was saved. She was very much aggrieved when her five sons were killed by Asvatthama. At the last stage, she accompanied her husband Yudhisthira and others and fell on the way. The cause of her falling was explained by Yudhisthira, but when Yudhisthira entered the heavenly planet he saw Draupadi gloriously present there as the goddess of fortune in the heavenly planet.
A moment presented that disappears unless acted upon. How many moments do we discard unknowingly, in our lives, while living life?
The low key shopping trip came just a day after the high-profile couple had attended the Oscars together on Sunday night and Angelina’s now infamous right leg had stolen the show at the ceremony.
Gonshaw, who has been jailed for similar offences in the past, also had maps of the Inverness and Cairngorm areas, where there are populations of Red Kite, Osprey and Golden Eagles.
AT&T Center
There are plenty of species rhododendrons and they are quickly bought by collectors who have both the expertise and also the right conditions for growing them on.
It wants the EDL to become political as that way they can ban it, arrest its leaders and send a signal out to angry white youth and patriots that ' the minute you dare protest about what is happening we will smash you and jail you '.
Including the extended cut of Terminator 2, each film has a scene where we literally get under the skin of Arnold as a Terminator. In the first film, Arnold cuts one of his eyes off himself. In Terminator 2′s extended cut, Sarah and John peel off part of Arnold’s head and drill into his head to access the CPU.
It is real main to outlet sterling silver jewellery decent when it is not utilised. The apotheosis determine to outlet superior medallion jewelry is unemotional and absent from sunlight. Modify and casual testament grow a conductor jewellery yellow and drive it to maculate apace. Equal interior loose bulbs founder the change of prize jewellery over example. If you judge not to bust a positive make for a hourlong period, put it in a air-tight bag and keep it in a artist.
OK, let me say one thing and THEN we'll take it off the table. The debate at least has some merit. I understand why some people with a rather narrow view might think it's so unfair that someone making $5 million a year is taxed at a higher rate than a family of four trying to get by on $25,000 a year...or less. If you are in the camp that believes everyone, regardless of income, should pay a flat tax of 10% because it's "fair", I think you are full of shit. As soon as a tax rate starts to take basic necessities of life away, then it's too high and unfair.
In addition to lying, there is §r10.3, giving a misleading impression:
Woah, 70 views! That’s sickeningly awesome. I must know more. Who are these wonderful people who have graced my blog with their presence?
On the way home, I got a call from a long time friend John, who has come to town to play in a reunion benefit concert with his old band. It has become a tradition for a bunch of us old friends to go and hang out and catch up, listen to GREAT music and dance our fool asses off for a few hours... and forget our real age! John and I discussed his getting me and my companion on the guest list (aka broke people's list) as the tickets were 23 clams each! Whoa Nellie, that's a half a tank of gas and almost a week of groceries for me. Since he has a rather large family, he didn't want to make promises since each band member only gets 8 free spots. He had been in town since Tues, and it was now Sat and I had not heard from him, so I figured he couldn't swing it and I was planning to home and collapse... So he calls to tell me he is leaving our names at the door and he hopes we can come... sigh... While I was really excited, it was also kind of a real mind bender to think I was going to be up till the wee hours that evening... especially since I had been awake since the wee hours that day! I haven't done this since my 20s, but ok, why the hell not?
Airline miles for credit strain-
The truths and lies betray the heart.
“The Kansas Department of Transportation is sponsoring “Sobriety Rocks,” a scholarship competition for students ages 14 to 20 to combat underage drinking.
The little creature was delighted and spent the next two days posing another question. “Where do you come from?”
Have a good week, think of me as you wash and fold those sheets!
My ship may not have come in … yet… but I am sailing on sunshine I will not see until the morrow. The upshot is if I prove unsuitable or unable to do a good job for my friend, perhaps there’s a chance of a writing gig or two. Actually, even if I do a good job for her, there may still be a chance of writing a piece or two for her son’s monthly magazine.
My precious tale, to her to recite
BRECKENRIDGE - Lucky U IPA (In Cans!)
I trusted her. During both of my other pregnancies, she had cared for me frequently. She was a strikingly lovely woman, an inside-out kind of beauty, so open and full of joy. Her hair was just beginning to grow back into small bouncy curls after a fight with breast cancer years before and it was so like her to pour herself out for others even during chemo treatments and cancer recovery.
The beliefs and faiths within a society are religiously or philosophically based. These religiously based concepts are between oneself and the Great Creator of all. The philosophically based concepts, like Confucianism (which is a Chinese ethical and philosophical system) are more practically based on various traditional principles and customs.
The old man finally noticed Nan weaving about like a pisshead and slammed on the brakes, guessing that just the ten foot clearance wasn’t sufficient in Senior Land. Anything might happen in a world where headscarfs and flat caps are part of the uniform. It would be me ending up with the liability but I managed to avoid ramming into his vile beige boot and the lights swept from amber to red leaving the three of us blocking the route of the oncoming traffic whose turn it now was, all three lanes of it with their left and their right and their straight ahead priorities.
I struggled with this phase during Josh’s first deployment because I wasn’t prepared for the emotional trauma. I was overwhelmed with feelings of helplessness, fear, and sadness.
Knows the secret of death.
And it was the Russians, Oksana Domnina and Maxim Shabalin, reigning world champions, who skated last. Their scores would determine who would get an Olympic medal and in what order. Could they save Russian dominance in ice dancing? Or would history be made tonight? And they skated a powerful program, full of energy and emotion. They used unconventional costumes, utilizing ropes in their costumes for their lifts and spins. But I have to admit, as much as I laughed when he grabbed that rope around her waist and tossed around her like a trussed up Thanksgiving turkey, they did have wonderful spins and turns.
Next, pour your almond mixture into the bag. Enlist a friend or loved one to help you secure the bag while you pour!
If an airport in the heart of a country considered target number one by extremists - and right on their doorstep to boot - can use intelligence to solve the problem of airport security, why can't we?
So…A is for Amazon—the site that sells everything! These days, when I am looking for the best deal on something in particular, Amazon, along with ebay, are the first places I look.
Oh, you make me, make me so blue
the one before them – there he is
I made a double bowl of pudding for me and my son. We shared this yummy healthy breakfast over some fresh sunlight and a cup of tea. It is such a great way to start the day. Brightens your spirits and feeds your body. The saying of how breakfast is the most important meal of the day should be introduced to this simple pudding. I think they would get along :)
This is the T-Short it appears on, I have had emails from people in the UK, USA, Norway, France, India and Hong Kong so far telling me they have seen it in their local branch.... is it in yours?
I am going to he honest… what to know more about the above list read “Leadership by Rudolph Giuliani. I think it is essential reading for those how what to be better personally and professionally. There are ways to make this great profession something that we do for our lives, not just a period within it. I really believe that and Pam, “all those good times are near, I can feel it.”
Bear with me until I get better. It shouldn’t last very long. I’ll be back to my perfect self hopefully by tomorrow. And then I’ll begin blogging again daily. But for now, must go back to bed. My head hurts and the light from my phone is causing my eyes to water.
Well, I'm here to tell you that hooping is amazing, and once you start it, you'll be hooked. Research has shown that you can burn up to 600 or so calories by just hooping for a small amount of time.
“For the first time I found out I could draw a red eyed tree frog.”, she said. Since then Kylie has been in an art class every year she’s been in school, as well as attending the art club after school regularly.
1 1/2 tsp. freshly grated black pepper
It’s helpful to get grief counseling. There are therapists who specialize in this. And they help you grieve, experience your loss, and start to conceive your life without the lost loved ones.
General Robert H. Foglesong, USAF (Ret.)
Agenda for next week: track down law school professors and alums in entertainment law (since that may be an easier first step to make), work on my information request letters to editor-alumni, track down Dad’s colleague’s daughter, call husband’s third cousin’s friend, who was a magazine editor before she got laid off last year, and mother’s second cousin, who reads scripts for something, and work on some of the exercises in “What Color Is Your Parachute?” — since right now my parachute is a rainbow-colored tie-dye, which I probably isn’t ideal.
Mediterranean - sub the garlic for 1 tsp. dried oregano leaves, the BBQ sauce for chopped, roasted red peppers, and the cheddar for traditional crumbled Feta cheese.
So, what's a girl to do?! Use digi images, of course! And lots of bright patterned papers. And paper piecing! And that's exactly what I did! And then I made my ATC into a card, because I wanted to show the gals at my class how they could use it! :)
MORE LEATHER DADDIES!
butt I whas tooken teu the back reum teu express my self from the back end...
It’s not how I would normally approach a game. In men’s sports it is far too common to have an angry approach to a game. I thought it was good for STRD to play a game with a little anger and see how that approach worked for them. Each of the games we had played together had a different vibe, and being experienced in how to deal with emotion in sport, I feel, is important. I had also used a more common line structure that, in combination with penalties, did not evenly utilize players. Some were less happy with this approach but it is how the game is played. We all have days where we aren’t playing up to our level and there are opponents that require the use of certain players above others. Would it be responsible of me to continue to play a player who is either having a bad day or whose abilities are not working against an opponent simply to have them on the track for an allotment of time? Certainly not if it means that we lose our edge and then possibly the game.
Lesson learned, people if it’s broken and unfixable the first time you can’t “back slide” drunkenly again.
But then I had an epiphany when I saw the video at the bottom of this post. Sugar is bad for you. Really bad for you. I’ve been hearing this for decades, but shrugged it off even though diabetes runs in my family. Now Valentine’s Day approaches, another sugar-soaked holiday. I’ve cut back on sugar so much in the past year that I don’t even like it. (And almost no alcohol, either.) I’m not even tempted — well, okay, occasionally I succumb. And I do eat a lot of fruit. I wish I could say I feel so much better, but I don’t. I do feel smug, though! At least I haven’t gained any weight, always a problem as you grow older.
* Taxi rides. I think just about every taxi I hopped into literally drove around in circles, assuming that, as a foreigner, I was too dumb to notice.
* Architectural Registration
Have I told you this story? I decided to kill myself (No, he says, I have not told that story. When was that? Oh, years ago, not recently). I got my pills, and I went into my living room to get whisky to wash them down with, because I thought that might make me lose consciousness more quickly and be better able to go through with it. But in my living room I found my bath water flowing through the ceiling. A join in the drainpipe had given way, and the water flowed out. So I called the landlord, and the plumber, and got it dealt with, and after the plumber left the immediate desire to die had gone away. A Synchronicity!
I’m speaking specifically of how we view the God who would decide to create a species in which he would place his image and then uses the incredibly slow process of evolution to do it.
She has been like this for so long. Her days consist of tiny periods of peace (usually after a sleep) and then are filled with irritability. Poor baby. It's not enough that I accept her and accept our situation. I have never wanted to run away or have more time to myself or whatever. But she isn't happy, so it needs looking into.
He seems well reconciled to it, helped by the fact he has been allocated a place at the school they he himself favoured above all others.
And let's agree that just because something happened in the past, doesn't make it entertainment.
(I am not fond of "gold" in my home furnishings, so
Annie’s Attic did an amazing job pulling this book together for us. We love how it came out, and we think each of you will love it too. Colleen coordinated a fabulous team of designers to contribute to this project.
Feeling a little schizo because of travel and work and work and work. So much to say. Sneaking time now before the first of two all-day meetings to blog. It feels almost criminal.
On the next card, I used papers from several different My Mind's Eye Lost & Found collections--Market Street, Madison Avenue and Breeze. Love those little 6x6 pads. It is such fun to make some of the cards from SVG Cuts. I particularly love the Edisto Island collection.
Anyway, I sniffled and stuffled at home while those three were off having the times of their lives, apparently, because as my dear daughter came home bearing a giant Elmo balloon and two light-up whozamajigs that spin, she was bursting with energy and excitement about the show. And my parents were pretty darn jazzed about it, too.
Forbes, a business magazine I have always liked for its independent attitude, has broken the mainstream media's wall of silence against Ron Paul. I saw evidence of that wall of silence this weekend while traveling -- USA Today refused to even mention Ron Paul in its coverage of the foreign policy debates Monday evening. Pollster John Zogby, in an op-ed piece published Nov. 9, thinks that the intensity of support behind Ron Paul makes him a force to be reckoned with:
This year Coney Island's Film Festival's Saturday Night Party starts at 7pm at the New York Aquarium, which features the bands Moto Wrays and Spanking Charlene. Also some more burlesque and sideshow performances along with a few more go go girls. Hosted by Adam the First Real Man. Don't miss this huge event under a huge tent.
Curry leaves - 1 spring
Oh and the lock–in recent years, the lock tradition has become popular with couples–clipping a lock to a bridge, writing your name (or initials) on it and then throwing the key in the water. It’s supposed to be a symbol of eternal love or something. It’s kind of cool, but I know for the people who maintain these bridges, it’s a pain in the neck since they have to go around breaking off all these locks!
12. No one will open a new Beer Pub that caters to Beer Geeks.
Lazy Legs McGee
We started our Master Bedroom redo over Christmas break....
3. Live my dreams
But, before I go here is a little something to ooooo and awww over. :) While I was on vacation, I got my Baby and Child Restoration Hardware catalog in the mail and swooned when I saw this adorable boys room:
Him: “Yeah, she knows I’m coming.”
All this got me thinking about briefs, requirements, creative boundaries because for this project to work and for me to be able to tie up the stories into something linked and web-like, I'm going to have to be a little bit directive. And as a creative writing tutor and a human being, I try to avoid doing that too much. Deadlines and instructions and imposed forms are okay if you set them for yourself, but there's a voice in my head, as I plan the story-brief for the Wirral writers, that is saying, 'and who are you to tell them how they are allowed to write about their town?'
In anticipation of bringing your planet and yourselves back into the Light and into full consciousness, we are increasing the sightings of our craft in your skies; they are making themselves more noticeable to you by decloaking in broad daylight and by being more dramatic in your night skies. Our message is, You are not alone! Further, Mother Earth is accelerating her transformation into a unified, 5-D-reality Being. In the eyes of your geologists and atmospheric scientists, the latest geological indices seem to point to the potential for worldwide catastrophe, but such is not the case. Mother Earth is indeed drastically altering her weather patterns by changing the jet streams that create the global climate; also, unusual heating and cooling states are changing the very nature of the Conveyor Belt that mixes the waters of your oceans, and this too influences your weather patterns. However, this is part of a positive process that will eventually bring together the waters and atmosphere of the surface with those of Inner Earth.
Follow on! With a twist of the world we go.
So tell the story again. A group of scribes and Pharisees hatch a hair brained plan to trap Jesus and get rid of him. The plan is to take a female associate before Jesus and pretend to accuse her of adultery to see what He will say. They are all actors playing a part including the woman and Jesus is no dummy. The curtain opens and their performance begins. Jesus just ignores them. In his head he is rolling his eyes and shaking his head and trying not to laugh at how stupid they are and trying not to cry because it’s so obvious they can’t see him for who he is.
Get as many people as you can to follow this blog and leave a comment saying you sent them and the shop that brought in the most followers wins a feature on this blog!!!!!!! Simple right? So let's get started!!!!! This contest will run through 5/21/11 so there's plenty of time to bring in a ton of followers!
Heartbreak. Ah, heartbreak. I sent a text to the Turtle telling him to never try to contact me again. The reason? Well, I was speaking to him again. It was all very “surface layer” conversation, nothing too personal, but I did mention some things that had been bugging me. Eventually, some things happened that tossed me into a pretty deep hole, and the Turtle disappeared. Well, he made it abundantly clear to me that he would rather be my acquaintance than a friend, but I refuse to settle for that. He doesn’t get to make those decisions for me. So, that’s it. I sent him the text that said to never contact me again because I have lost faith in him (what little was left, that is). Now, I know I said to never contact me again, but for someone who “wants to be friends” he sure didn’t put up a fight … I sent the text on Monday. It is now Thursday night … Lots of fight in that guy, huh? So, enter the heartbreak. Once again, the universe shows me that I am not worth the fight.
I just love watching movies. I love watching movies with friends, with women, (with dates? Do I date?) with family, and with myself. Today my brother Jimmy said, I think for Nate, there are two categories that movies fall under. Movies he doesn't like, and his favorite movies. (He said this because I said to my parents that RED might now be one of my favorite action-comedy movies) But it's true. I do love movies. Many movies become my favorite movies. There are movies I don't like, and there are many, but I still watch movies, because there are so many good, happy, awesome ones out there!
Surya Siddhanta
What they could consider:
Could you cope without your sight?
NEW YORK (MarketWatch) — You want to fix this economic crisis? You want to put people back to work? You want to light a fire under the economy?
The friendly receptionist asked if I was coming to visit.
ROT & RUIN by Jonathan Maberry won the 2010 Cybils for Fantasy and Science Fiction.
I hid the book on a high shelf and did not even read one single word of the book.
Pressure
I'm still homeschooling after beginning to homeschool twenty years ago. I'm still enjoying it. Yes, there are days of sheer frustration. My youngest is turning ten years old on Sunday and he's got loads of learning issues. We pulled him out of the state-sponsored special ed program after he languished there for three years. After only four months of working exclusively with Mom and having plenty of time for imaginative play, he's blooming. His progress is slow, but we see genuine progress. His reading ability has improved. His mathematical skills have improved. His handwriting has improved. Yes, I get frustrated when I have to show him twenty times how to do something. But guess what? It pays off after twenty times of showing him the same thing. Maybe the public school paid special ed teacher only had time to show him something nineteen times...or, more likely, two times. I keep working with him till he gets it and not until the bell rings to mark the end of our session.
Outstanding.
I stamped several of the images onto white card, and coloured them with Polychromos pencils, choosing colours from the background papers. I shaded the colours to give a rounded feel to the elements. I embossed the scissors and the thimble onto gold card, using gold embossing powder. I printed a couple of the butterflies from Lesley's downloads onto card and cut those out, adding flower stamens for antennae. I then made a little banner and stamped the sentiment for the top of the frame.
Unemployed
approximately 8 servings
And I have to admit, after careful consideration of the evidence presented…
TL: Up to you. As a game (Oulipo writers do that sort of thing) one can try replacing the lines from my notebook where they appear in the poem with the next line in the notebook.
Something changed at my new high school, and finally I was allowed to place myself into the character’s role and suddenly, a very personal and emotional relationship started. I was finally able to explore themes which were important to me and understand how the author translate these ideas through their essays, short story, fiction, or poems. I loved dissecting the works into categories which in my mind were analogous to an immense spider web where the themes were intersections of individual story lines or depiction, space, anything. The words on the page transformed into something I was more familiar with: individual components assembled together into one large and final artwork, an image which invokes in the viewer a mood, a tone, an atmosphere, a meaning, a sense of time, and a dynamic interaction between the viewer and image and an infinite possible of relationships. The permutations of interpretations are as unique as the reader and its impossible to say that any one pair of eyes is more capable of perceiving the meaning of the work over another’s. Nor is any one meaning more correct over another’s so long as they can explain themselves; the extent of understanding relates to how one applies the stories to his or her reality. After all, what in life do we know best other than our reality?
I can't remember who it was now who recommended this but it sat on the shelf, as any good classic should do, until such time as I fancied it, not sure of course exactly what it was beyond Robert Coover's precis on the cover 'the brief, obsessive, sometimes delirious confession of a convicted murderer' and the appearance of the word 'existentialist' on the back. I do know that my excursions into Southern American literature have always been interesting at the very worst, and sometimes downright exhilarating. I'll place Sabato's first novel at the lower end of that spectrum, a book that has occasional moments of caustic wit, moments where the reader laughs in spite of themselves, but which remains a cold read with a chilling narrator who is not just unreliable but downright deluded.
We're now 12 days into our whole30. There's productive chatter amongst us about what we've been shocked to discover on our ingredient labels - like corn syrup in packaged broth, and maltodextrin in frozen veggies. For me, one of the biggest challenges is the whole30 requirement to not weigh oneself until the end of the challenge. I usually weigh myself 3 or 4 times a week, so this has been a hard habit to break. I know, I know, the paleo thang is all about how you look, feel, and perform. But, I do find that having a general idea of my weight's trajectory can be useful and motivating, and I miss that.
Hot Sauce(optional) a few dashes, to taste
Wish me luck!!!!
But as great as she's been, we've still had to get used to a few things.
4640 Kingsway
Brother and sister duo Nicole and Jonathan Broussard sing backing vocals.
Crush the lemon with sugar first, then add the pineapple and mint and crush.
Passenger Tom Alridge said one of the cabin crew panicked after the plane touched down: ‘She was screaming like a banshee – “Get off, get off” – she was literally pushing people down the chute,’ he said.
Chihuahua needs to make the scene,
“I don’t think so, because in Malaysia, May 13 may be interpreted differently…that’s why we should not make any decision now, it’s not unusual because it’s implemented in Singapore,” he told reporters after launching the ‘Program Karnival 1Malaysia Tabika.
“You do the breathie-innie and you shake it all about!”
You did see the emphasis on the pluralization, right? Wasn't sure if that was clear or not.
So, that’s that. Live blogging and micro blogging.
No turning back, no turning back.
We now make guacamole so frequently that when I went to write down an actual recipe for this post I had trouble. I normally do a squirt of lemon, a dash of salt, a kick of garlic, but that kind of precision doesn’t help you. So I made it again, wrote it down, and here you have it…fresh, healthy, simple guacamole.
Even without a full compliment of 11 on the field, the Tigers proved a formidable opponent.
Assuming this is correct, the world CO2 has increased in 50 years by...004%.
“Enforced teamwork can stifle creativity. You need to give people time to think if you want them to actually get (quality) work done.” From Quiet: The Power of Introverts in a World That Can’t Stop Talking by Susan Cain.
than a few recipes I'm willing to try, so I ordered a subscription for under $10 for the year. I'm not really a total magazine girl, but when it comes to food I can't get enough of the recipe-filled goodness this magazine provides. After looking through my first magazine, I'd have paid $50 for what tips and recipes I've found so far.
I was amazed that a disease so deadly and so popular was foreign to me, and I’m lucky to have had the chance to read Avery’s story, even if for a short time, and learn more about this disease. What I am really grateful of, however, is the chance to have read about Avery and her family. They really set an example for me, and I admire them for that.
THE STORY: The play is a kind of poetic and comic fable set in the twilight zone of the not-quite-true. At the Cafe Chez Francis, a group of promoters plot to tear up Paris in order to unearth the oil which a prospector believes he has located in the neighborhood. These grandiose plans come to the attention of The Madwoman of Chaillot who is ostensibly not normal in her mind but who is soon shown to be the very essence of practical worldly goodness and common sense. She sees through the crookedness of the prospector and insists that the world is being turned into an unhappy place by the thieves and those who are greedy for worldly goods and power.
But while I'm on the topic of the footnote glosses, I might as well point out that it can be pretty revealing (or, to put it more accurately, unrevealing) what the footnotes don't note. For example, in V, ii, the following exchange takes place:
This particular song is definitely on the lighter side. But don't let it fool you. He's talking about welfare babies, slums, alcoholism, prison, and, much deeper than that, Fortune's Wheel. This is what you call a roundhouse kick to your inner humanity. Chuck Norris would be proud.
I first heard the song while checking out a band I'm going to see with a friend tomorrow night. I was unfamiliar with the band, so I googled them. I was immediately blown away with how hauntingly beautiful their music was, and then I heard the song Wanderer. I became giddy with excitement to hear a song that summed up my character so well. I wanted to share my excitement with someone, and I figured you all would appreciate the feeling of hearing a song that reminds you of your story.
Choose the final paragraph you like best:
John compliments the lady — possibly a widow but, in any case, in charge of the household — on the deportment of ‘some’ of her children in their Christian journey (verse 4). They might be the eldest and are able to take a more active part in the local church or in the hospitality offered in the home. Matthew Henry thinks that these children might be sons who are in the working world, possibly travelling for a family business.
Now Kentucky Bourbon Distillers (KBD), the biggest independent bottler of American Whiskey, has their own LDI rye, a three year old released under the Willett label. There are a few different versions of this out there which range in abv. This one comes in at 55%.
This is a cropped detail of a drawing that I believe has been on here before, long time ago. I recently posted it elsewhere and it was noticed by someone from a stoner-metal band out of Portland OR, who is 99% sure he wants to use it as their next album cover. The whole drawing, not just this little detail. I thought this version would look cool against the black background here.
Watching momma cook
Instead, what's "normal" to most people is formula in plastic bottles; strollers and carry-able seats; disposable diapers and cribs. All so artificial, and so *removed*! The world is a strange and sad place when that's what's considered *normal*.
Puma
With this in mind I was naturally delirious with excitement when I came across Wrestlemaniac and while I had a vague suspicion that wrestling had changed since my early Saturday afternoons sprawled on the carpet in front the TV cheering for Giant Haystacks memories I was confident that this was going to be the best film ever. So confident was I of this fact that I immediately texted everyone I knew (three people) proclaiming that I, Jinx, had found the best film ever and that they better ruddy well get themselves over on Friday night to watch the heck out of it. You may know by now that I’m prone to irrational overexcitement, most days are like Christmas Eve for me, so when Friday night finally rolled round my overexcitement was finely tuned to a pitch only dogs hear and by the time we all settled down with our pizzas and whiskies to watch this cinematic gem my head was almost ready to explode.
Now, remember, she’s never known anything else. This is just how the world is – cold and painful and unhealthy for her, even dangerous, and she copes as she knows how. But maybe some small part of her thinks, “hey, it shouldn’t be like this,” some tiny growing seed of rebellion that says who she is right next to a lamp is who she should be all the time. And she and the dog are partners, in a sense, right? They live in this house together, they affect each other, all they’ve got is each other. So one day, she sees the dog messing with the A/C again, and she says, “hey. Dog. Listen, it makes me really cold when you do that.”
3. What’s the Market Vectors Vietnam Index?
The other horses stood quietly while the grooms set to work with their blades, but I fought them more wildly than Bucephalas had fought the Persians. With me rearing and squealing and biting, it took three men to get a muzzle on me. Bucephalas gave me a painful nip on the withers, and then the grooms got a rope around my hind leg and tied it to my neck, so in the end I had to stand on three legs while my beautiful flaxen locks – still frizzy from the River Granicus – fell into the mud.
My most recently submitted paper provides a fairly comprehensive statement of topics raised in the PowerPoint and the bibliography. I don’t know why you didn’t read it. It’s not because the attachment appeared at the bottom, as you claimed; the second line of the message itself says that a paper is attached — not to mention that I sent it to both you and Kathy.
Allow united states confront the truth, many of us would like an item which usually most people otherwise contains. In the event that another person possesses an new iphone4, we all choose to come with an i phone. How challenging it is to admit in which you will not help anyone else to be able to combat individuals there, when it comes to purchasing the modern device specifically cellular phones. Unquestionably you want to remain n a position to suggest, “My Blackberry mobile phones is definitely really important due to the fact look at messages frequently.Ins
We’re in a world of hurt…and healing. We have to take what’s coming, bravely, and come out on top as conscious entities. We will lead the new era eventually, but we have much to go through.
I know how to weld—I taught myself by building race cars. I once moved from Oregon to North Carolina with only $800, a beat-up Ford van, and a race car that had been rolled (I rolled it myself). I really like the color yellow—bright, golden yellow—but I wouldn’t call it my favorite color. There are too many great colors out there, and I wouldn’t want any of them to feel left out.
Conservationists estimate that as many as 100 million sharks are slaughtered each year, primarily for just their fins. There is a dispute as to the actual number, with the lowest figure around 25 million. Because of this massive slaughter, it is thought that some shark species could have decreased by more than 75%. In a process called "shark finning," fishermen, while at sea, will catch sharks, remove their fins, and then throw the rest of the shark back into the sea where they will die. The most commonly targeted shark species include blacktip, blue, bull, hammerhead, mako, porbeagle, sandbar and thresher, though sometimes other shark species are taken as well.
I wrote a post a while back about five free iPhone poetry apps, but there are many more available. I guess this is another way to carry a poem in your pocket.
But they are worried about the fact that the thicker, warmer brown tarps might be bad. You see, as CQ points out "Are you aware that brown was the unfortunate color of the fascist movement?"
- Fajita’s*
My 13 year old self observed (one particularly awful month): why are women so grouchy that time of the month?
Where were the lawyers?
(If you use fresh whole ginger, take 1" piece and blend with the other ingredients all together.)
I did bob my hair, and I haven't mastered styling it yet. Pics to come soon.
Who called me by my name and ran
~ Bose, Jeremy; Daly, Blair; Harding, J; Shafer, Matthew
Phone number
It’s curious, the study of the human race. We call it by a scientific name, anthropology, literally the study of man. Having studied anthropology for several years, it was fascinating to see the thoughts and scientific connections that could be made through anthropological research. However, taking a break from it I began to realize something quite profound – anthropology isn’t all that it’s cracked up to be. At least, not in its scientific sense. Indeed, any social science is really the mad ravings of bored individuals who look at their fellow members of society and wonder, “Why on Earth do I have to deal with you? Perhaps if I come up with a really valid, possibly measurable excuse for you, I can make it bearable, even subtlety make fun of it if I write a book.” Dare you to prove me wrong!
Dear Scott,
Don't get me wrong--in a lot of ways, I'm a hopeless romantic. But I'm not going to waste my time playing the game. And I'm definitely going to follow John Green's advice (paraphrased--sorry!): "Don't waste your time on a boy who maybe likes you."
I am broken. Shattered into a million pieces.
Fascism tends to include a belief in the supremacy of one national or ethnic group, a contempt for democracy, an insistence on obedience to a powerful leader, and a strong demagogic approach. The Fascia represent the bundling together of the masses, ruled by the axe head. Funny how it seems to be represented everywhere today.
Firstly, a finish. A housewarming gift for my wonderful friends. I can't believe I already have a finish for 2012, this is a good start for me and I hope it is a sign of things to come.
Once chopped, take a big pan (I usually use our big Chinese wok) heat about 3/4 table spoon of vegetable oil, once the oil is hot, throw in the onions, after they look translucent, add the potatoes, allow them to cook for 2/3 mins, add the masalas but not the salt and once the oil starts bubbling on the sides indicating that the masalas are fried, add the ginger garlic paste. After the ginger garlic paste looks cooked (turns brown and a nice fried smell comes) add all the veggies, give them 4/5 mins to fry and then add water and salt and let it come to a boil. Once the veggies are cooked, take a masher and mash the veggies slightly.
You know, I try to be smooth. I try to look like I have it all together, that I know what's going on every day and heck - that I always know what day it is. But today? Well, you've found me out.
“I hope the police start looking into that angle and make a fair and just investigation into the case,” he said, adding that no action would be taken by the party against Mohamed Razali until the matter was clarified.
Vata types tend to be thin and lanky. They are very mentally and physically active and enjoy creative endeavors, meeting new people, and traveling to new places. When they are balanced, vatas are flexible, have lively imaginations, and are original thinkers. When imbalanced they can get anxious, ungrounded, and can seem “flaky” about fulfilling commitments, sticking to a routine, and completing projects. They tend to run cold and dry and enjoy warm, humid weather. It’s common for vata types to experience cold hands and feet, constipation, dry skin, and cracking joints. The influence of the air element in their constitution causes their energy, mood, and appetite to fluctuate dramatically. For this reason vata types often fail to eat and sleep regularly, swinging from eating heavy foods to ground and sedate themselves, or ingesting stimulants like coffee and sugar to sustain intense physical or mental activity. Insomnia and low immunity are very common problem for the sensitive vata person.
These and other shocking facts about the misuse of CIU funds have emerged in statements to Hawks investigators and a secret report to acting police commissioner Lieutenant General Nhlanhla Mkhwanazi.
One good thing about tax time is that it gets me down to the intersection of Grand and Essex. It's where my tax guy, Adam, works. And it's where Doughnut Plant is.
As the diagram says I had a small gap at the back that made it easier to fix the splash back to, but you can just fix to what's there, I used a thicker piece of wood to fix the splash back to, mainly because I wanted a little extra strength along the back of the kitchen.
Wow. This blockbuster actually rewards the Marvel enthusiast, the casual film fan and all those who feared it could not possibly live up to the hype.
Boo boo bee doo!
A Mayday call reporting the accident went out at about 3 p.m. PDT. Coast Guard and National Guard helicopters and water craft rescued three crew members who were clinging to rocks, Read said. The body of the other crew member was pulled from the water.
I want to get rid of this stuff so take a look! :) As of right now... the sale prices are just good for this weekend. I thought the prices were pretty good before with most everything like new (except not in original packaging) and being half off. So... it is temporary through the weekend unless I decide different before Monday! :)
Morgan MA, el-Ghany el-SM, Khalifa NA, Sherif A, Rasslan LR. Prevalence of cytomegalovirus (CMV) infection among neonatal intensive care unit (NICU) and healthcare workers. Egypt J Immunol 2003; 10: 1-8.
“I see Goldwater all over again,” said Hughes. Romney is the only candidate who can be Obama, he said.(I think the speaker meant "beat Obama" as opposed to "be Obama", but I guess Romney could be Obama if he tried. I mean, he's been everyone else so far).
Yep that's right, lists. Now I will admit I love to make lists, yes it's part of my Type A personality, but these list are more fun than the general "to do" lists. Topics included in this file are:' The perfect Thanksgiving meal does not include', 'The people in my life who are probably the most thankful for me', 'The perfect winter day includes', 'It's beginning to look a lot like Christmas when', 'Childhood Christmas traditions I'll always remember', and many more. You can find this ebook at Ella Publishing and lots of other great stuff.
Whiff of Joy has kindly donated the nostalgia border die for this week's winner!!!! Pretty great huh! Worth playing for?!
Our Friday night movie this year is GONE, BABY, GONE, based on the novel of the same name, to be followed by a discussion with our SleuthFest Guest of Honor Dennis Lehane. On Saturday, Dennis will be our Saturday lunch Keynote Speaker, and in the afternoon he will participate on two panels: "Characters Who Withstand the Test of Time" and "Making History." In the afternoon, join him poolside for a discussion of GONE, BABY, GONE, the novel. Finally, in a not-to-be missed session on Sunday morning, reviewer Oline Cogdill will interview Dennis and Neil S. Nyren (Senior VP, Publisher and Editor-in-Chief of G.P. Putnam's Sons) about the publishing industry, writing, and the mystery genre.
but not knowing what I am talking about has never stopped me before and from what I have heard from friends it hasn't stopped some of the coaches out there who charge oodles, so here is my advice for hiring a coach for your small business:
“Don’t thank me, thank Oprah.”
Slowly I opened my eyes. Death stood there wearing midnight, her eyes cold as steel and yet I was alive.
Thanks for being there.
Now... for some fun! Last week, I told you to leave your name and a comment on my Thursday post and I would draw one lucky person to win a surprise from Impression Obsession - it's valued at more than $50! So, Random.Ken (hubby) picked a number and he chose 17, meaning the lucky winner was....
We talk about Home.
Our other D.E. was MIA, this man is a Social Worker that works directly with the state and gives his recommendations, he has respected what we have tried to do for Papillion, and we were anxious for him to show up…and apparently he too missed the memo and thought court was a good 24 hours from now. He showed up in sandals, and shorts. This. Was. Going. To. Be. Awesome.
Again the World Championships was the big determiner here in what was a four meet season for Ashmeade. He started the season at 19.95 in Kingston and ended it at 19.91 in Brussels, but only his Nationals and Worlds in between must rate the same as his finish in Daegu.
9 Coming Home 5:43
A way of expressing myself
Mr. Brooks (Costner) is a serial killer, and there’s the first draw that makes this thing more interesting than your average cop thriller. This isn’t like Dexter where the hero is killing for a justifiable reason, no – Mr. Brooks just kills random people who haven’t done anything, and only because he is addicted to it. You could make the argument that his want to stop makes him a more likable character, but the ending of the movie squashes that one, and I think the fact that the film asks you to try and root for this guy is part of the challenge and the fun. He is aided by his sarcastic, murderous alter-ego (Hurt), appearing to him in spirit-form, urging him to kill and often being the little devil on his shoulder. Except there really isn’t an angel on his shoulder at all.
got into the services..
☆ Select one or several fonts
Shortly after graduation, Rachel and Clinton married in a huge ceremony on John Henry Clemmons’ farm in Kentucky. Rachel made it a point after saying “I do” to say, “You had me at howdy!” The invitations were engraved. The wedding cake was humongous. The celebration went on for hours. John Henry, Rachel’s beloved grandfather, insisted on paying for this massive wedding. Rachel was her grandfather little pumpkin eater, and he absolutely adored her. Growing up, she spent all her spare time on his farm and getting married there, was a dream come true. The farm was exactly ten miles south of Poverty. It was a beautiful place, and the Clemmons family had been on that piece of land for generations. Hundreds attended the event and it was extravagant. Rachel’s favorite colors were blue and yellow. Gabby, her mother, had ordered thousands upon thousands of orchids in Rachel’s selected shades, for the wedding. Rachel wore a beautiful southern-bell wedding gown garnished with sequence and pearls. The lace came, by special order, from Paris and Rachel’s loving grandmother, Mary Alice, crafted a veil that any bride would be proud to wear. Her hair was in a swept up-do with long blond curls cascading down her back. She was a lovely bride. The ceremony was beautiful, and Clinton considered himself to be a very lucky man.
And I say, it's about time.
“Can you wear an extra large t-shirt?” mom asked me as she pulled up outside my home last night.
I had you in mind as my bride…the real reason why I came
This whole journey has kind of felt like an uphill battle…barefoot…in snow…with a migraine…lol I know that all of these bumps in the road are so heartbreaking because we want to add to our family so much; so I have to believe that if we want it this bad, it will happen. Plus, I have the best co-pilots to help me navigate through it all. Love you DH, DD, Mom & Dad, BF, support group =)
this façade
Finally, we all know what’s happened at the top. Chelsea’s takeover was a monumental event. Practically on the eve of our move to the Emirates it forced us to rethink our plans. In that instant we were priced out of the best players, but Abramovich was also one of the catalysts for the subsequent spiralling wages, as the rest of the league was impelled to offer their players more competitive salaries and bonuses. The average Premier League wage bill has more than doubled in the last eight years – and I doubt we saw that coming in 2003.
To start with the important things: this time round, the view on the seats was that they were too narrow and too uncomfortable, the rake was wrong or the pitch or both. A fortune had been spent to no effect. I can’t say I can really offer an opinion–in my Newcastle days, I remember meeting a girl at a party who worked in the box office here, and someone with a job and a regular income was definitely on a different socio-economic planet.
Dance is transcendent. It connects us to ourselves, our histories, our cultures. Where words fail, dance soars. Dance lets us say things with our bodies we couldn’t with our words. And with that, I will borrow on the wisdom of Peter Saint James:
iloveyouforsharingthiswithme
(It actually goes vertical, I just took the picture horizontally)
All of my favorite cities have great PTS. The street car in New Orleans, the subway in New York, the tube in London, the metro in Tokyo and Hong Kong and now the Underground Railway in Sydney.
Where is MELANIE MASON?? Come on down! You are the next WInner of a springtime Paper Pad :) (Love my Price Is Right voice don't you :)
If this were atop a children’s ride, then I’d say okay. But you can find beer under this most gaudy of displays. Dare I say tacky? Perhaps I need more Christmas spirit. Or more beer.
I've been looking for hard evidence on the lining of wooden barrels in Britain for some time. It's frustratingly difficult to track down. But this article provides some vital clues.
“I know a lot of people are concerned that they will fall in love, and they won’t be able to let go of the animal. Bu if you are really focused on the fact that you’re saving lives, it’s much easier. A little heartbreak on our end is worth it to save their lives,” said Sunshine Richards, the foster coordinator for the Bedford Humane Society. For full story, go here.
Lists.
Even though I’ve already blogged about Hoops Amore at Greener Blocks, there are some very necessary shout outs to be made.
& I’ll find myself faraway, gone.
I bought a Kindle last year and the first book I read on in this year was Hilary Mantel's Wolf Hall. This would be a book of the year for me whatever format it was read in but this was convenient to hold in bed and on public transport. The others were all read conventionally on dead trees: Barbara Kingsolver's The Lacuna, Edmund de Wahl's The Hare With Amber Eyes and Tea Obrecht's The Tiger's Wife, which won the Orange Prize, most deservedly. (Actually maybe I should have put the Hare on my Kindle since the Faber paperback fell apart as I read it). My non-fiction favourite, which I'd been waiting to get in paperback, was James Shapiro's Contested Will, about who wrote the plays known as by Shakespeare. (He thinks Shakespeare and so do I!)
The consumer world of social mobility has bled into the enterprise world of social mobility, and many companies do not like that. Sometimes messages are innocent like, “Bill, you will be at the meeting tomorrow at 9 a.m., right?” Other times they can be damaging to the company; “Bill here is the confidential slideshow for the meeting at 9 a.m.”
I am grateful for the four gospels, and today I want to tell you why.
Forge deep in to your soul, pick your brain with detection
Hello all! Today I'd like to share the card I made for Copic Marker Europe! I have decided to use one of my Gorjuss Girl stamps, uninked yet, and to put the focus on it by not adding anything else. This time I only used one stamp and decided to colour the background and extend it to make it fill the whole space of my card.
My new friend Toni over at A Bowl Full of Lemons introduced me to Shaklee products. She was so kind to send me an awesome package of Shaklee Basic H2 super concentrated cleaning solution and spray bottles.
Holly Burn is a girl for whom the word “surreal” is a wild understatement; it would be like calling the one billion population of China “a man from the Orient”. She is billed on Pull The Other One’s flyers as “Bonkers But Brilliant” though, off-stage, she is only the third B in that billing.
Bean: Then I want a Hello Kitty pole! (very matter of factly!)
I had the pleasure of being invited to preview designer, Laura Vela's, new Fall 2012 handbag collection. I interviewed the designer a few months back, in case you missed it, read the full article here. I adore her clutches and perfect use of fringe. See below for pics and some fashion insights on her latest line.
As you can tell, I was in the mood to procrastinate. Something I'm VERY good at doing. I had a ton of things I needed to get done before I left to go to CHA, but I didn't feel like doing any of them, so instead I opted to play around in my journal. I was toying around with some new frames, which were hand-doodled. I Airbrushed some very simple backgrounds after doodling in my frames and then colored them using my Copic markers. I dodled a much simpler frame on the right-hand side around a circle cut-out. I know it kind of seems like the two pages don't really go together subject wise, but I was thinking about all my work I was procrastinating and then I got to thinking about other people's work....and I decided to spill my little secret.
06 Glamorous Hooligan-In Absentia (Red Snapper Mix)
Seems to me like body composition would be the opposite of giving kids a low self-esteem.
“Despite losing my sight, I still counted my blessings. However, the long-term psychological damage that I have suffered as a direct result of my perceived inhumane treatment from Blaenau Gwent council and its senior management has been extremely damaging – especially the appalling manner in which they treated one of their disabled members of staff who they knew quite well as a local man who had lost his sight in the service of his country.” – Andrew Bull.
So the only thing we can do is love one another and put our differences aside
Hillbilly Geezer over at http://hillbillygeezer.blogspot.com/ is the newest member of MDR and I wanted to say thank you for hitting the button. If you need anything please let me know, my email on the right side of the blog.
I found that there are many ways to truly master the art that is dancing, but not enough ways to get through specific types. For example, I don’t know how to even approach the Salsa or Mambo or any sort of Latin dances. I’d like to learn how to dance to doo-wop and Motown (and master the Mashed Potato).
You will return.
3. Nominate 15 blogs that you have discovered recently- okay I cheated abit with this one because some of my 15 I have been reading for quite some time now.
I was gonna take it to the shop, but...
Tayari Jones, author of Silver Sparrow, Wednesday, May 23
From Goodreads: In Fort Hood housing, like all army housing, you get used to hearing through the walls... You learn too much. And you learn to move quietly through your own small domain. You also know when the men are gone. No more boots stomping above, no more football games turned up too high, and, best of all, no more front doors slamming before dawn as they trudge out for their early formation, sneakers on metal stairs, cars starting, shouts to the windows above to throw them down their gloves on cold desert mornings. Babies still cry, telephones ring, Saturday morning cartoons screech, but without the men, there is a sense of muted silence, a sense of muted life.
Yes, at times, my sensitivity to the migrant experience has resulted in personal indignation (“What do you mean, ‘immigrants just don’t want to study teaching?!” or “Yes, of course her German is ‘good:’ she grew up in Germany!”). But more often, my acute awareness of the immigrant experience’s highs and lows has helped me dig deeper, formulate better questions, and create rapport with migrants that non-immigrant researchers may not so easily attain.
So the first stop of my adventure was the Big Apple a.k.a New York City. Before I arrived to this city I had a image in my head of what to expect. I assumed that the surroundings would be similar to London but bigger. What I mean by this is that the city would be over-crowded by rude and unhelpful people, needing to be wary of crime and what not. So imagine my surprise that New York was the exact opposite and one of my favourite cities I visited this summer.
The whiskey community reacted in predictably indignant fashion when news came out that Buffalo Trace was marketing a new vodka. This was not just any vodka. Clix Vodka is, according to BT, distilled a whopping 159 times, and it will retail for $300.
He'd steal everything we needed and we'd buy anything else he'd got
I should have left the job I once had back in October of 2006. But I didn’t. Because I felt it was my responsibility to stay, and do the best I could to support the program I had been working on. For I did not wish to cause any difficulty for those that worked on the program.
I have chosen the theme of this year’s Star Wars Day to be: simplicity, or celebrating the simple, raw awesomeness of Star Wars – no crazy gimmicks, no ‘Star Wars’ themed casino parties and you don’t have to feel pressured to convert your car into a replica of the Millennium Falcon (though that would be really, really cool!). This year is all about celebrating what makes Star Wars, Star Wars!
even if nobody else sings along.
The overall consensus seems to be that, yes, our noses and ears (which are cartilage) keep growing our whole lives (unlike bones, which stop at some point).
"I guess I was just too angry… "
Park Ha receives a good news – she has found her father and she will be returning to Korea to meet him.
Holocher worked hard as a young coach for himself, and for the improvement of his players. Now, an older and more experienced coach, not much has changed.
Then do your sinex transaction again, using a small fill and the rr from wisk transaction.
During the struggle, the girl’s calls to her mother were cut off at least three times. The girl somehow managed to call her mother back each time. A helpless Tsyganenkov could only listen in horror to her daughter’s screams for mercy.
My sugar cookie snowmen are always the first to go. This year I make some with cereal buttons and others with small m&m buttons. The nose is a small orange m&m cut up with a pill cutter. The eyes are brown m&ms cut into quarter pieces. The pill cutter works great!
I think of how I thrust him out into the world, relieved to get a break when he was in preschool, delighted to be down to three kids for the day when he was in first grade. I think about homework I was too tired to help with, classroom parties I tried to attend but had to leave due to a crying baby/hungry baby/sick baby. The times I shushed him in order to allow one of his siblings more nap time.
But here's the rub. There are a lot of cooks out there that are smarter, more talented, and far more driven. And they didnt stay up until 5am last night doing coke. They don't drink on their shift. They are so singularly motivated to be the best, to move up, and move on that with every hangover you get, they're leaving you behind. Think about the crew at Alinea, or Laundry. How can there be room for the fog of a big night out when you have a 15 hour day and the standard of perfection weighing on you?
First, let's remind ourselves that bitter is one our our five basic taste sensations: sweet, sour, salty, bitter and the elusive savory / umami. That taste of bitterness appears in many favorite foods: think chocolate, coffee, marmalade, citrus zest and olives, even the quinine in the tonic water for gin and tonics.
Then it happened. It rose out of the bowl and came cascading down the side.
I'll try to be a better blogger, I promise!
Choi Yoo Min (oc)
They named him "our name" ... Josiah :)
Here is my sample for Fabulous Dogs. It's such a fun set. I couldn't resist using the sentiment for a background for this little cutie who is just sitting in the grass. I colored her up the best I could and made sure to get her little pink tongue hanging out of her mouth. What kind of dog do you think she is?
It may also be taken to notice the listener`s choice to hear about the topic that is to say her/his desires which are undoubtedly and unquestionably fueled by the biological necessities and curiosity quest, still might be referred self-discriminatory.
picture references:
Relocating Time Warner Cable services, cable TV and phone basic utilities, cable TV and telecom services to New York, NY is often simple to accomplish. Rule number one is to verify that the services are available at the new address.
Now fast forward a couple years. . .
Sleesport
I know that God's will for us is to give thanks in everything, and I certainly do. I am thankful Abby wasn't killed on the spot by those two dogs, thankful that Gerard had his cell phone with him and I had mine with our vet's number in the contacts, that we were able to take her to our own vet which is close by and for the wonderful doctors and technicians at Bartels. I am also thankful that the police have pictures of everything to document the report, that they were able to impound the dogs and that the owners were found and cited, it's only right.
continued on our way.
The Aberdeen government was finally brought down by disagreement over how aggressively to pursue the Crimean War in January, 1855. In the vain hope of forming a renewed government under Aberdeen, Gladstone refused to accept the chancellorship under any of the possible Whig alternatives to Palmerston as prime minister. This all but handed the job to Palmerston, who Gladstone really didn't want, since it removed a principal virtue of any alternative leadership to his. Then Gladstone ended up accepting the chancellorship under Palmerston after all, only to resign it three weeks later, in conjunction with the resignation of two other Peelite ministers, because of his distaste for the direction of Palmerston's government. It took years for Gladstone's political reputation to recover from the damage done by this incident.
Due to diabetes, they did my first urinalysis and it came back that I was super dehydrated (they were checking for me spilling protein in my urine - big sign of uncontrolled sugars) - and of course DUH! Dehydration wasn't helping my lungs either. This was prior to starting insulin as well - no changes in medications until 4/11 where a basal insulin was added.
I’m shaking. My body is resisting me but my mind won’t let it. Pushing me further and further faster and faster.
This is for cat
Well, like beyonce said in her song..
By James Madden for The Weekend Australian, 22nd-23rd July 2000
They posed naturally for the camera, talking with each other as they gazed into each other’s eyes as if I wasn’t there. Then they would each turn and look directly into the camera. There was no guile, nothing forced, only compassion, love, sympathy, heartache, clarity, sorrow, and joy in each other’s company. It’s a moment I will not forget.
Saint Bernardus Abt 12
Cost: $17 million
The line is also traveling back over the Pacific to Gakken’s American distributor, Los Angeles-based Ginko Papers, which will have a booth at the National Stationery Show (NSS) in New York this month. Even better, the letter sets from the collection have been selected as a finalist for the “Best New Product” category at the show, and will be on display in the lobby of the Jacob Javits Center where the NSS is held, right next door to the Surtex show I have exhibited at the last five years.
Asia Pacific Breweries Ltd. Tiger Beer
Spray paint for chairs- $12
I look at the stars again as I first did
Adult (noun) pronounced: A’dull-t ; A child who can have children of their own; A child with responsibilities; A child expected to perform optimally when placed in trying situations.
Hopefully I can start diving into the next novel, though. Since it's part of a three-book series and the first book is completed, I need to write it. It's a good story, but a bit dark. Which leads me to another reason I'm writing the "fun" project - it is as light-hearted as can be. Comical. Carefree. I tend to write novels with weighty issues, so having an "outlet" is definitely needed.
So imagine my surprise when I pulled the thing out from all the crap on the floor to find a huge white "patch" job. Because, you know, they couldn't find the leak. So since that patch job obviously hadn't done the trick I started trying to pull it off. They had used an entire, brand new, tube of industrial strength glue, along with medical bandages, packing tape, one of my dish gloves (I was wondering where that went) and a whole roll of medical tape. The borrowed the glue from my husband a couple of weeks ago. But when he asked what they needed it for, they wouldn't say. If they had, he could have told them, that wasn't what they needed. It's the kind of glue that eats through soft plastic and other assorted things.
8. "It is a very grave mistake to think that the enjoyment of seeing and searching can be promoted by means of coercion and a sense of duty." Albert Einstein
The Sound of Music Festival has grown to be a formidable force – I fulfilled a life-long fantasy by catching Devo’s set there last summer – but it used to be a much smaller affair.
James 5:16
You would be too
Rent sports
The question Plan B poses is who decides that racoons are for boys and yorkshire terriers are for girls? It's a question that really grabbed me. The sort of topic that I am really interested in. And it got me thinking and for a while I was a little stumped. I got in touch with a couple of friends who I thought might have some insight into this. One has worked in design for many, many years imparting his excellent knowledge to people like me. He thought that there were 'no rules' regarding which animals belong to each gender, rather the way in which the animal is styled and coloured can determine which gender it was suitable for. I can see that; in fact hedgehogs could actually feature on clothes for either girls or boys depending on how 'rounded' or 'cuddly' they are depicted. For boys, when I think of hedgehogs, they definitely have to be more 'true to life'. My friend also asked me to consider "sinister rabbits and horses" on boys clothing. That made me laugh, it sounds far too much like a bad dream.
I won’t tell you what happens next, partly because I don’t want to spoil the book for you but mostly because I couldn’t possibly do it. One peculiarity of the Discworld books is that the plots are so convoluted you’d need a computer to keep track of them. This is not a criticism—I loved every minute. But it is peculiar.
It is clear to me that most whites in South Africa already have a common goal, they just don’t know it yet. All the people above, from the Boer Republicans to the emigrants, have the same goal, Freedom from oppression!
guava. Pour the filling into the prepared pan.
I know I may not look like the serious type, but I take the Lenten season seriously. Growing up in a Catholic home and studying in a Catholic school for about 3/4 of my life, really taught me to stick to what I was taught. I may not be a fanatic of Catholicism (and I do not deny disagreeing with its stand, particularly on issues such as the Reproductive Health Bill and Gay Marriage) but I can't take away that part of me who still believes in the good things my faith offers.
Ill spirits walk in white, we easily know
Just before I left Cantillon, Jean pulled out a bottle of 2006 Gueuze, which was one of the highlights of the trip. It was practically glowing with sharp lemon notes. Boon makes a gueuze called Mariage Parfait, which has always been among my very favorite beers in the world--it's got layers and layers of fruit and sour flavors, a tiny bit of saltiness, and a towering effervescence. Drie Fonteinen, which is in between breweries, uses Boon's lambic in its blends, and that brine really pops. It's actively salty, but also has a kind of umami note.
This is pretty straight forward easy listening. The sample above is a bit more energetic than the rest featuring an interesting "whistling" bridge. This "whistling" bridge also appears in one song on the B side.
This vase is a little bit rustic, and would be really cute as a centerpiece at an event outside or even on a back porch table. I used this spray paint on another little project which I will show you soon too. I still don't quite have this technique down yet, but I'll get there!
Kedren Werner: is a published writer of personal essays. This is her first inclusion in an anthology.
It's just that the enemy is out there and he is constantly looking for ways to destroy us and marriages are one of the first relationships he attacks...there is such a ripple affect when a marriage is damaged or wrecked completely.
Back then the Gallatin Valley was mostly ranch and grazing land and there was a thriving dairy industry. We’d stop at Heap’s Cheese in Gallatin Gateway on the way south to get fresh cheese curds to go with our spam and crackers, then drive down Gallatin Canyon looking for deer and sometimes mountain sheep. Back then there wasn’t any Big Sky, just Soldier’s Chapel framed against the distant Lone Mountain (photo by Jeff Clow).
It seems to me then, that Atleo agreeing to a national panel on education, and agreeing to a Joint Action Plan all before seeking the specific direction of the chiefs sounds like he has his own political agenda. The CFNG action plan read like the 1969 White Paper assimilation plan using modern words. Atleo has, in a few rogue steps, turned the Assembly of First Nations into the Assimilation of First Nations.
Just Ask is a place where you can ask or view questions and read answers on a variety of topics from bullying to science fair, to learning and special needs, and many more things in between.
Another endless list, and another pointless activity to dwell on it. For it isn’t so much what has happened (or not) by the time we reach the twilight of our lives, but rather where our heart is as we make that transition from twilight to everlasting Day, where the Son is the Light and our tears are at last wiped away. If our twilight years were as perfect as heaven, why would we want to leave here and move on? Though it’s important to serve God and others until our last breath, we do so with our focus on the joys that lie ahead, not the memories or sorrows that tug at us from behind.
Though other fields may greener...and sunnier be the clime,
I won't even go there with what I'm thinking right now....I don't even know Shlei, but as far as I'm concerned, you should feel blessed that I don't know you IRL.
The music comes on and I shimmy.
Sooooooooo........today got off to a good start with me staying in bed until 1pm!!!! omg! well it is the weekend after all haha.
The hum in your chest?
Go Obama!
The conversations I have with my health coach are extremely therapeutic for me. If I'm good, I call her up before I indulge in a binge, and sometimes it's a guilty conscience that forces me to phone after I've eaten no-no foods until I'm stuffed. Whatever the timing of my phone call, she walks me through the same routine each time: What is making me want to sabotage myself and is that reason worthy of making myself more miserable in the long run? That's the big lightbulb moment for me: Eating like that doesn't make me happy. I mean, duh, right? But in the moment, twinkies and cupcakes seem like an immediate relief to whatever stress, disappointment or pain I am experiencing. Choosing not to binge is an exercise in delayed "healthy" gratification (weight loss and health) over immediate "unhealthy" gratification (sweets and weight gain).
Post your favorite anti-school quote from songs, movies, plays, or books. I'm hoping to re-create a really fun thread we had on unschooling.com back in the day. The purpose is to show that—despite the widespread support that formal schooling receives—people really do know that something is wrong with it.
I was never the girl who started planning her wedding at a pre mature age. The popular US-style colonial house with its symbolic middle class white picket fence in “anywhere” suburbia didn’t cross my mind. My live-in boyfriend and I (because I didn’t need to be married to fulfill my womanhood) extending our family to include 2.5 children who we’d escort to soccer games in a window smudged, crayon and sticker decorated mini van was just too typical and average for me. This ideal and predictable future did not mesh with my young, ambitious, and independent attitude that I protruded and acted out whole heartedly and well.
I however, am not. Did you know that I have 2, count em, 2 tools that would be considered "desirable" for anyone who loves to cook?
We walked along the ridge then dropped to the river again. Here we were amazed to find boggy sections even in this unprecedented dry spell. Borage, alive with bees, towers over the presumed path.
What's the difference?
on natural stock shall wither and remain sere;
Roodt writes: “No one can deny the wall of hate from the state directed against Afrikaner farmers, teachers, schools, universities, museums, monuments and so on.
As we turned onto the street I looked around and liked what I saw. When we got into the house I liked it even more. Small, but cute. Fairly move-in ready which is important for a seven month pregnant lady. No catch! Time to put in an offer!
For the next batch I want to try to get more banana than clove and hopefully a little creamier body via less carbonation and yeast attenuation. I'm going to try using a liquid yeast instead of the dry. The dry was good, but not the profile I want.
Melodia C60-11769~70
disadvantaged state. In the
15. Dark Is The Bark
The beers are (from left to right...)
Kathi Macias is a multi-award winning writer who has authored nearly 40 books and ghostwritten several others. A former newspaper columnist and string reporter, Kathi has taught creative and business writing in various venues and has been a guest on many radio and television programs. Kathi is a popular speaker at churches, women’s clubs and retreats, and writers’ conferences. She won the 2008 Member of the Year award from AWSA (Advanced Writers and Speakers Association) and was the 2011 Author of the Year from BooksandAuthors.net. Kathi “Easy Writer” Macias lives in Homeland, CA, with her husband.
The narrative of experiencing something “since childhood” implies that one’s experience is intransient, innate, fixed, possibly “hard-wired” and biological. This trope is usually substantiated by sex role evidence such as ” I never liked dolls and preferred to play with matchbox cars” or “until sex roles became more enforced as I grew near puberty I assumed I was not innately different from my male/female friends”. “I liked to hunt and fish and never understood or related to those conforming to the sex role demanded of females”. “I did not like being separated from girls and being considered “other” because of my biological status”. “I wanted princess things that the girls seemed so lucky to have”. “I was surprised and disquieted to discover myself different from other children due to my genitals”. Etc. This trope is called a testimonial. One’s feelings and experience, which anyone can relate to, is relayed to bolster one’s underlying assertion by using emotion rather than critical analysis. This is a deflection of critical thought. No one can dispute one’s personal experience narrative. This trope is used to deflect from critical analysis of sex roles by using emotional appeal. If one injects critical analysis to this narrative – for example pointing out the sex role stereotypes which inform the narrative – the trope user will rapidly change course, abandoning the testimonial completely and moving onto another trope, usually “Society has no influence over my gender identity”.
Soya sauce, 1 teaspoon
Tree Hill really is home, isn’t it?
Then a cartoon posted to the mayor’s Facebook page causes an even greater outpouring of angst and hand-wringing among people who should know better.
Thankfully, that hasn’t happened. On the contrary, its life seems lofted, borne less by marching zombies than by free-floating air currents. It’s no less beyond my reach than if it were snatched by zombies but the image feels sprightlier, like something that will carry readers into another, higher plane.
Problem: PC Readers are not as fast as readers or loaders of content as mobile readers.
“In science, nothing comes free. To do the field work and to be able to do what we need to do to get the answers we’re asking with regards to endangered species like the sawfish and other sharks and rays, it takes resources,” Burgess says. “Fundraising events like these go a long way in sending the message that we all play a role in protecting our coastal waters and the creatures that inhabit them. We greatly appreciate the team of supporters making this happen.”
All of the damage in my municipality was caused from lots of snow and a quick melt. After many early morning meetings and a couple of late nights, we feel that we are now in pretty good shape as far as the road repairs being done. We’ll cross our fingers that we don’t get anymore really fast melts (there is still some snow out there) or lots of rain – both would cause our problems to start again.
As a matter of fact, mermaids are even kind of ... I dunno, girly. Despite Poseidon and his trident, the most enduring idea of sea-people seem to be the sirens... thus, most of YA lit deals with a girl and her fin-affectation. However, that this book goes "guy" and can still riff off of the typical mermaid lore with a great voice - realistic guyspeak - as well as true-to-life bro-interactions, muscles, and a lot of testosterone - these things will make this one a win for guys and girls.
I can hear my dog barking further up ahead so quicken my strides as I power through the dense undergrowth.
"Tell me," I whimper.
To win your very own copy of this cookbook, simply let me know if there are any changes you have made to your diet to eat more ethically and responsibly. Leave a comment on this post or write a comment on Chocolate Shaving's Facebook page with your answer. You can write a comment on both platforms and your name will be entered in the contest twice. The contest ends on October 2nd, at midnight. The winner will be drawn at random and you must be a Canadian or American resident to enter. Good luck and I look forward to hearing from you!
Then, I read Henry Nouwen’s explanation and I SEE what Jesus was up to. You know He did not want just everybody to understand Him. He wanted those the Father wanted to be close to Him and to understand.
We have a desire for light. It is innate in us as humans. We developed fire as a way to have light in our lives as well as heat and yes of course to cook.
I worried that it wouldn't look the same... worried that I would be flooded with memories of happy times...worried that I would feel sad that we can't live in it.
While reading the blurb of the book I assumed this story will be centered around Audra, but I must admit I was tricked (in a good way of course). Ashley Fontainne created a complex thriller with many interwoven stories. Each of her characters tells a story explaining their relationship with Olin, revealing a bit of Olin's nasty and cruel nature. I must admit I was fascinated by this!
The article also reports more complaining by Daniel McGowan.
Say “Exxon” and the only thing the public thinks of is “Valdez.” There is much more to this corporation, but don’t expect to find it in the nation’s press. And, yes, Exxon’s handling of the spill in 1989 is now a textbook case of what not to do.
09. Beautiful Drug
It’s shocking how much of DeNiro’s screen time is spent simply sitting there, looking slightly bored and completely unsure of himself (befitting a man just out of prison), listening to either Jackson’s Ordell or Fonda’s Melanie. While that doesn’t give DeNiro many opportunities to chew scenes, it’s a fantastic, understated performance.
As a stage performer, I had no problem getting up on stage in front of hundreds, sometimes thousands of people. I sang. I danced. I cried. I laughed. Did I get nervous before a show? Sometimes. (Singing the National Anthem standing 10 feet away from President Bill Clinton scared me silly!) But the nerves never lasted for very long and the show always went on—mostly without a hitch.
After Williams asked this question, about three people applauded somewhat timidly, but there was mostly silence in anticipation of how Gingrich might dig himself out of this one. He had been put on the spot in front of the world by a media spokesperson who not only opposed Gingrich’s position, but who himself was black, and who views almost everything through the lenses of race.
Thank you Mr Whitehouse for the clarification that neither bid involves liquidation. Of course that decision is not ultimately in the hands of the bidders. It is in the hands of the administrators, acting IN THE BEST INTERETS OF THE CREDITIRS!
Yes, it had 'art concepts' behind it. To me when I think of glam, I think of the Sweet and Gary Glitter, I don't think of Sparks. Glam rock was more about double tracked tom-toms and not much else going on.
That aside, My Family uses a mostly unknown cast (with the exceptions of Jimmy Smits, Edward James Olmos and Esai Morales, who finally gets his first really good role since making an impression as Ritchie Valens' brother in 1987's La Bamba) to great effect in telling its story of family crises and celebrations.
Arsenal lost 1-2 to Queens Park Rangers in an unattractive game at Loftus Road on a grey Saturday afternoon. We enjoyed long spells of possession, but were unable to capture the same attacking zest that characterised the recent run of wins. QPR took the lead midway through the first half after Taarabt tricked Vermaelen and tucked the ball past Szczesny.
But, like most tourist attractions I have lived close to, I have never actually been inside it. Or up it. So when my dear friend Sue came to town this past week with her family in tow, I was more than happy to take the walk down the street to meet them for a night journey up into the tower. I should have known what was in store when it took me a lot longer than I expected to walk there. One hour later, I realized why you can actually see the Eiffel Tower from my window.
"Wanna be the next Sting do you?"
All women experience this at one point in their lives, we might as well be as comfortable as possible throughout the process. Also, Femestra has been generous enough to have created a special coupon code "SPRINGSAVING" which gives customers $5 off their purchase. Don't wait, try out this awesome product now - you'll be so much happier for it!
2982 Various pieces of Module Crap of some sort.
I figure as long as I'm on a posting roll, I may as well share with you a really yummy salad I made. Now, I know I have mentioned on more than one occasion how crazy I am about this quinoa salad with apples and aged gouda. (It still might be the best.) Then, the other night for Supper Club, Alice made this quinoa dish. Also really, really good. But today I wanted crunchy and fresh with lots of flavor. I remembered a salad my friend Megan made and asked her for the recipe. I followed it mostly and made a couple of changes just because I had different ingredients on hand. It was so very insanely delicious. If I do say so myself. ;-)
I'm a big fan of Blake Boles' project, Zero Tuition College. I'm also horribly intimidated by it. For example, one member's project presents honorary degrees to students who demonstrate "(1) strong track record of self-directed learning, (2) an impressive breadth and depth of education, and (3) evidence of successful application of one's learning."
It’s alright if you haven’t decided yet but as responsible Filipino citizen and faithful follower of your Church, you need to take a stand.
Insanity has been described as doing the same thing over and over and expecting different results. But isn’t that what happens when you try to change your mate? It’s frustration at the highest level. At some point you have to accept that it’s not something you can do. But here’s what you can do. You can become a ‘wise farmer’.
Learning to deal with the stuff you don't like is an important lesson, but so is learning how to appease stubborn and/or irrational people without sacrificing your own principles.
Chris Clement: Technically, the demographic of our members has remained fairly consistent over the last 10-15 years. I think this has more to do with the what and why of Summerland Grove, rather than any flux of newbies starting to explore paganism (or folks leaving it for the “big 3″).
Should Jedward Win Eurovision this year, how would RTÉ face the challenge of hosting the 2013 song contest?
On the other hand, the decision to suspend the district police chief has been criticised by the junior police officials who claimed the SSP had no direct role as far as the imposition of curfew was concerned. He has been told to report to the Chief Secretary, who would decide his next place of posting.
Now, are these good albums? I personally like the O'Rourke and the Pere Ubu albums. The latter, especially, are endearing; as David Thomas waddles in from the deep freeze of critics' academic appraisal, warbling "the bride waltzed barefoot there on the sidewalk, you could fry an egg"... well, you kind of want to hand him a blanket and some fuzzy slippers and buy the album for Aunt Ruth. Of course, Aunt Ruth thinks it's weird and takes it out of the CD player and puts on the latest T-Pain, but hey, you tried, and you can tell Crocus and now Crocus won't come to your house and spazz out on your cats.
Last night I had my wife take a picture of me in shorts and no shirt, I did this back when I started this blog as a reference for myself to see where I was and where I have gone, it was very effective in keeping me on track. I would take 2 images per month, one on the first and one some time on the middle of the month and I have a folder with all of these images dated and photoshopped together with the image from Jan 6 2008 so that I can see my progress. I will probably never share these images with anyone but my wife which is likely a better choice so that I don't scare the population or anyone that may stumble upon the images on the net but anyone that is trying to lose weight I would recommend doing this.
A few people asked about the image I used on my snippet make yesterday .. .. it is actually from Pink Petticoat and you will find it here.
Grow some fucking balls, maybe it’s time to lose my fucking senses,
The remarkable thing about Sehwag is that this precision eyesight normally decays with age requiring a mid career change of technique. Even Sobers and Lara found it harder and harder as they grew older and made adaptions, but Virender treated the world to a superb display this week in his 219 in 149 balls with 25 fours and seven sixes at the age of 33.
1 tbsp baking powder
Chocolate Bars or Chocolate Truffles? Truffles, especially Godiva ones. I hate Lindt though. If you get me Lindt truffles, I will throw them on the ground and stomp on them repeatedly.
The man stepped back, his eyes still fixed intently on her face, the frown not leaving his.
Our piano is really old. It was the first piano my Grandpa and Grandma Heslop got when they first got married. It is not fancy. It is was made even less fancy by brothers who carved their initials in it when they were kids. Last year, Katie discovered this and decided to add her initials to the wood.
Pour butternut squash soup into a medium saucepan and heat on low. Add cooked rice and heated kielbasa. Heat through. Serve.
i posted about this chair last week, but i thought i'd give you guys a real look at it today. i bought it at scarlett loves rhettro here in atlanta, and i'm pretty sure that it can be classified as the chinese chinoserie style (if you know what style it is, exactly, please let me know!). i'd actually been looking for something exactly like this for months, and when i saw it up in the ceiling area at scarlett loves rhettro, i knew i had to have it! i liked my old chair, and i'd even had these cushions reupholstered for it, but i decided i wanted something with no arms, and a bit more modern, in style. i used the same cushions on this chair, and they fit perfectly. (except i did take out the pillow form of the previous pillow for the back of the chair, and replace it with the shorter one that came with the new chair. i just folded the excess fabric under, and it's fine.)
Microwave cooking is the latest experiment I am undertaking. Not out of choice, but again that wonderful word, necessity. My precious induction cooker is deeply embedded inside a box, among 30 other boxes, along with various pots and pans, sitting inside the warehouse of a removal company halfway across the world. The shipment has sat there for a whole month already, and I have finally received news this morning (after many unanswered desperate emails to the officer in charge and finally an even more desperate email to the Regional Manager) that the shipment will sail for Australia tomorrow, scheduled to reach me in three weeks’ time. Right. So, all I have in this little studio flat right now is a tiny microwave oven, supplied by the nice landlady.
MacLampsX
One of my professors has taken the disillusionment one step too far in my humble opinion. I feel as though this professor's syllabus was a slap in my face, as someone who cares about his college career and has a 3.94 GPA.
Short story: my hands are pink.
All you have to do is block off Wednesdays in your calendar at your corresponding local time and then log in using the link above.
However, this leads me to another point, I think I have just finally understood something you've been saying to me for a number of years. You have often told me that Protestant liberals are worse than Jewish liberals, and I never quite understood what you meant by this. But now I think maybe I see it.
What if I post a few photos each day for a little while (little wHile) nevermind that… and the photos will tell the story of my life. My photographic life!
A garden can look lush and full, and still use very little water. There are beautiful plants with large leaves in many shapes and sizes that need only a little water once established. When combined artistically, the result is a rich, vibrant garden that needs water once per week or less. Learn about these wonderful plants and the art of combining them with Laramee Haynes, landscape designer and devoted plant lover. Laramee is a former mechanical engineer, and his background includes a BS in mechanical engineering and an MBA. His education and experience have served him well in his new career in the garden. His favorite part of this new career is the blend of science, engineering and art needed to craft a beautiful and useful garden, and his business continues to focus on residential landscape design and installation. The core skills of the business are artistic paving, irrigation, planting, lighting and garden pruning. He has two installation crews led by Victor Silva and Saloman Vasquez, each with over 20 years experience building gardens for his customers. www.hayneslandscaping.com
- I never wear jeans or pants in summer (unless it drops below 70 degrees). When I see women in jeans—especially skinnies during summer, I cringe. I mean here in my neck of the woods where it has been 90+ degrees with heat indexes well over 100 everyday for 2 weeks.
The participants are asked to make their own business plan about their intended business and are given a period to submit the plan to the KNN Committee for screening and selection process. Those who are chosen shall be included in the regular season and shall receive seed capital amounting to about P10,000 or any amount to be decided by the committee.
I am still using just about everything that was mentioned in my October Favorites, so I tried to keep this one based on the products that new favorites! If you want to see the products then watch the video below. Products listed below
You know my wife, she’s not real happy about, you know, the whole situation. I mean, you can’t really blame her. I mean I kind of threw this in her lap after, you know, it kind of hit the news.
Myth No. 10: I’m young, and not planning on dying any time soon. I can wait to get insurance.
Sewers
No pots involved, but it does need one large bowl for marinading and one roasting pan for cooking. OK, Sara?
Gail Pierce Lynda Monk at http://purplemissus.blogspot.com/ seems to read my mind when it comes to experimenting with materials I love. Her work is amazing!
Hope you all are well and safe. We had tornadoes tear through Dallas yesterday (I'm 100 miles away), and not one life lost out of all the damage! Thank God for that.
These are all the wonderful things used on this project that will no longer be available after May 31st. So if you see one of these that you love make sure you click HERE and order it now before it's gone forever!
The birds have returned and i took time out yesterday to watch the Swallows for a few minutes. This is a bird who loves to fly. If you have a minute stop and watch them as they play on the wind and you will see what i see. The Robins and Chickadees are forever on a mission seeking out food or a place to nest. The Swallows of course are on the same mission but take delight in the freedom of flight.
Meanwhile I can't wipe that smile off my face.
Who was I kidding?
warm bread.
Do your job. Or, get another one.
My point - if we go looking for the institutions of the 21st century, and think they're going to look like those from the past, we're not going to find them. So I've started thinking instead about the attributes that viable organizations will have, given our expectations and technologies. A starting list includes:
It's late, I'm tired and lonely as I've been in a long time.
♥ Vetten
636 D-XI/15/1972. “First Things First: Still Another Lecture for the Student of Law.” Law Students Conference, National Lawyers Guild, DePaul University, Chicago, Illinois.
Record date: 1987
104 Rue d'Aubervilliers / 5 rue Curial 75019 Paris (M° Stalingrad)
Commercial DVD Availability: David Copperfield DVD
With smoke at their back, weapons drawn and Cudgel watchmen closing in, the five sprung into action by....splitting up! Bill Palsy retreated through the kitchen and smoke to emerge in the rear courtyard. Still disguised in uniform, he went running for a far tower to bluff another guard into helping him evacuate all prisoners due to the fire. Blonde Barry Picaroon bull rushed his way past a couple guards at the door and got outside as well. In an attempt to blend in with the confused crowd of watchmen (and no doubt to show off his physique), Barry took his shirt off and went running to find Billy. Meanwhile, tiny Wodrick "Shank" Grubbyhill hid under a great hall table and drew his blades as two armed guards went peeking under them to find him. One got hamstringed, while another got stabbed in the voice box for getting too close. The guards were careful in moving in on the gnome, so seizing his chance, Wodrick ran out from under the tables and entered a side chamber then closed the doors and barred it with a tall candlestand before his pursuers could get the gumption to come after him.
like giant blood streams
We have had over 2,000 applicants and made over 30 offers.
As you all know now since 2010 i have been working with ELLE in Oslo and I just got the confirmation for the party and i am so happy!!!!
Of salt wave washed his swarthy cheek.
That’s right. So, who are you?
Jorge Explosion was enthusiastic as usual. He looked like Barney Rubble strutting about and joking with a huge prop caveman club over his shoulder.
And does everyone just know about this lottery? Do people just know you can win money?
On March 2nd, 2000, I received an email from Gary Portnoy. He had stumbled upon my vhs video catalog and noted that I had taped the final episode of Cheers. Hello. His email said: “My name is Gary Portnoy. I am a songwriter living in New York. I am the writer and the singer of the theme from “CHEERS” (Where Everybody Knows Your Name). / I would very much like to speak with you about a video in your collection, as listed on your web site. / I spoke with your mom. She wasn’t sure if this was still your e-mail address or not, but I figured it was worth a try. (She said she would speak to you within the next day or so.) / If you could, I would really appreciate it if you would call me at 914-666-xxxx tonight (Thursday) or tomorrow morning, or at 212-246-xxxx on Friday afternoon, or back at 914-666-xxxx on Saturday. I realize this is a long distance call for you; I promise to cover the charges. Or, if you prefer, I would be happy to call you. / I hope this doesn’t seem too crazy to you. I hope to hear from you soon.”
American Pie: Reunion
Yeah, Ryback destroys Heath, and pins him with an Emerald Fusion. He wants competition, feed him some more, or something like that.
Blue Mulberry Paper
In the most recent, and possibly most repugnant, turn of the revolving door, FCC commissioner Meredith Attwell Baker will join Comcast just months after approving the Comcast/NBC Universal merger. The move spurred the New York Times to call for expanding the definition of lobbying. We agree. While Baker’s hiring may be a done deal, the lobby laws need to be changed so that we know who she is lobbying, about what, and when.
Hmm...let's see if this works. I'm currently posting from the comfort of my cell phone. I just found out about this feature and subscribed. Hope it goes well.
I've also mentioned that no list of mine is complete without Meg Cabot, she's like my version of comfort food. No matter the book it just feels like a safe zone when I read it.
Here is a small review of Noodler's Dragon's Napalm ink. Enjoy! :)
Whoever sees it as his duty to warn against a certain policy is not exempt from the necessity to present a full view on the issue in question. It is also his duty to offer a real alternative to a policy he opposes.
I made my four-year-old pose in front of it. See? She adores a good salt cairn. She also adores a good moisturizing lotion, and could have used some to ease that itch on her back.
Tonight's meal......Sloppy Pizza Joes and Raspberry Oatmeal Bars! Can't make a new dessert until the first one is gone! ( maybe I should think about freezing the leftover bars)
5. Poor Boy Listen
Go on a 5 minute walk and create something using what’s around you, leaving it there for others to enjoy.
who loved him and constantly longed to see him.
At the end of the day we all know these brews are so much better directly off the tap at your favie pub/irish bar.... but for enjoyment at home they are not bad at all...Enjoy! And happy St Patricks day PROPER beer lovers!
No Shortcuts is performed as an incantation, complete with heartbeat percussion. The journey it describes seems at first to be a physical one, but it soon becomes apparent that it is a metaphor, that the journey is also emotional and spiritual. The song could serve as an overture for this post, since many journeys are taken here. Heather Maloney is telling us, in her impassioned voice, that we can not simply break through boundaries, that there must be a newly created structure to replace them. Freedom is the ability to define that structure for yourself. Maloney is not limited in the way that some songwriters and artists are. Her voice can convey gravity in a mid-alto range, but she can also soar into a high soprano for bursts of exuberance or flights of fancy. Her album, Time & Pocket Change, does not fit neatly into any musical genre, but it is a coherent document, held together by the strength of her personality. Maloney looks at life from a slightly odd angle, and in doing so, helps us see.
DOOMF! DOOMF!
Gallo Images
* Strain the feijoas and add them to the pan.
The Christmas Attic garnered another huge hit for TSO – Christmas Canon. It is Pachelbel‘s Canon in Dmajor redone with a children’s choir for vocals. It is also the third bestselling digital Christmas song. Another version done with guitars, sans children’s choir, appears on a late release. I know a lot of people who, having heard TSO‘s version on The Christmas Attic, have used for their wedding song.
09/11 came unprovoked and without warning, its aim was not to end a war, but to start one and the deaths of those who died were its purpose. More than anything it was an act of hate, pure, unadulterated and visceral hatred, frighteningly a hatred which has not abated but one which has grown. It is the hatred which inspired the attacks on America in 2001, and what they tell us about where we are in history which make them stand out from so many of the other horrors our world has seen
10/20/2010 BUY 0.01 xauusd 1331.91 10/21/2010 1346.10 +14.18
From Ancestry as well, I was contacted by a relation who had a number of photographs that I had never seen. Imagine my surprise and delight to find that one of them was the original picture from which the two portraits had been clipped. Looks like my Great-grandmother was a reader. That must be where my dad got his love of books.
(tip: room = habitaciones).
When you are complete with that, you can also write out the answers. At the end, see what you feel like. Feel into your emotional self. How do you feel? What did you discover about incredible you?
Rhode Island law requires an annual report from the state education chief.
What a delightful way to spend a monday eve. Better yet was entering the adorable gazebo, outfitted with chairs and a mysterious box labeled "Take One." Inside? A whole army of tiny origami projects, many made by Kathy herself. Dan and I attempted to create our own objects before succumbing to the origami taboos of crumpling and tearing, snapped a few photos, and made our way to dinner.
And so I hope that I can do the same thing as a shepherd here, in this portion of the flock. That, at every Mass,
I voted man with ma feet
All well and good, but does it spell doom for craft breweries? If Bud makes a great (and cheaper) amber, will people quit drinking Full Sail's? I would love to hear the beer-economist reflect on this question, but my sense is that it's just the opposite: Bud can reach 100 million consumers who will never otherwise consider a craft beer. And once they've begun drinking Bud's ale, they may well enjoy Black Butte Porter or BridgePort IPA or Roots Heather. If Bud's experiment is successful, they will expand the market for craft beer--one they won't ever be able to dominate in the way they dominate the single-product macro market.
1193 **D-IX/3/1994. “Allan Bloom and Emma Bovary.” Claremont Institute for the Study of Statesmanship, Annual Convention, American Political Science Association, New York, New York. (This panel included Charles Kesler, Clifford Orwin, Diane Schall, and Peter W. Schramm.) See Item C-1988(1), above. (Incorporated in Item C-2000(12), above, pp. 391-403.)
Connecting with fans – Draw interest from new fans with good bios that make you more relatable – LW Music Consulting YouTube Video –
In case I haven't said it before, Lake Lure NC is a heavenly place. Maybe a bit touristy, but definitely still in touch with the beauty God blessed the region with. And because of all the tourists, there is a host of scenery that shows how human beings interact with nature. My tendency is to be drawn to what the children are doing, but the youthful wonder we adults have buried (perhaps) seems to really shine in these parts. I don't notice this so much at the beach, so I hope to spend more time this summer somewhere in the mountains. This painting came together with ease, which of course is a treat since it doesn't always go that way. One key difference is that I used poppy seed oil as a medium instead of walnut oil. I had switched to the walnut about a year ago just to try it, and somehow forgot about how much better suited the poppy oil is for my small work. It's a tad thinner and seems to mix with the paint more thoroughly, without the slight separation I get with the walnut. As I've said many times, my short attention span doesn't allow the luxury to spend more than an hour and a half. I lose the passion and instinct, and all perspective of what the painting needs in order to get to the heart and soul of the image.
- Make sure your rooms are locked when you are not there or make sure you have your phone on you most of the time in case of emergencies.
Some kids with Autism never lose interest in their first loves. Ben's happened to be trains. He got so excited his third Christmas when Daddy spent money we didn't have on a train set. He loved Thomas the tank engine, cars, legos, anything mechanical in the coming years. Then, it was radios, cameras, turntables, the Beatles...but his interest in trains never waivered.
Carolyn Hockley- Arazi Crossing
So I am very sorry that I haven't been around and will try my best to make up for it and also come over and leave some blog love!!
swore they could smell honey on my breath
I’m in recovery, veteran of Iraq, legs missing and one hand badly misshapen. A roadside bomb is what put me here, in this place of no mobility.
Happy Valentine’s Day!
840 ***D-X/28/1982. “Law and Morality, By Way of Delphi.” Institute of Human Values, St. Mary’s University, Halifax, Nova Scotia. (Incorporated, in large part, in Item B-7, above, pp. 93-103 (1997).)
Or bottles can be left at Beer Ritz, Headingley (14 Weetwood Lane, LS16 5LX) on or before the submission date (TBC). Please mark the parcel in some way with 'Ilkley Homebrew Competition' and include your name, contact telephone number and details of your recipe with your entry. It would be helpful if these details were printed and stuck to the bottles as a label.
The same goes for the Danish Technological Company GRUNDFOSS (produces pumps etc.) that also betrayed the values of its home country and licked the butts of Arab dictators, rather than to support the values that brought them into business.
It was a sad, as most memorials are. But not overly. He was 94. He lived a life filled with joy and achieved most of his goals on this earth. He had done more in his lifetime than about 99.9% of the people I know. One overriding theme was that he never met a person that he didn’t want to help. It was in his DNA. Instilled in him from a very young age and developed over his life. The rush of changing someone’s life was like a drug to him. He brought hope wherever he went. Whoever was talking to him felt bigger, smarter and more important than anyone in the room. And left more confident and with a greater appreciation of both him and themselves. He deeply believed in people. I’m sure they disappointed him occasionally, but he never talked about it. In fact, several people afterward stood around trying to remember a time when he spoke ill of a person either maliciously or in public, and we all struck out.
This is what is currently in my purse.
I was a bit angry when a really toned woman decided to ceremoniously take off her tee-shirt to reveal her color-coordinated sports bra and toned abs.
Guil gets up but has nowhere to go. He spins another coin over his shoulder without looking at it, his attention being directed at his environment or lack of it.
Feed the flies
in the sand in the sun
day timeline?
--Using the picture above as a prompt write a poem.
Do you remember this? It was the time when I would try so hard to recreate the flavor and the crunch of ferrero rocher in a cake. I would say it was very successful at that time, based on all of the feedback and request for the same cake from my friends. I used nutella and also some rice krispies in the cake, which was great, but maybe you would remember too that I lost the notes where I scribbled down all of the measurement I used. I've been wanting to recreate the cake ever since and this time, I also wanted to make it with the "correct" ingredients, for example, gianduja paste/hazelnut paste instead of nutella, feuilletine instead of rice krispies, and perfected the component layer that goes inside the cake.
Then the music started playing and that soothed me somewhat, even though I was already getting drenched. A man was playing some bagpipes for all to enjoy. It was nice. Moving as a crowd we made our way through the tiny streets. In spite of the physical challenges, it was wonderful to see the little vignettes they had put together to represent the life of the people of Bethlehem at the time of Christ's birth, as we climbed our way half way to heaven. Everyone in the village participates and it really an amazing sight. The ruggedness of the setting makes it seem so authentic. The steps up were very uneven, worn and extremely slippery and the streets that weren't actually stairs were very narrow and steep.
Deanna has a great career ahead of her, and has already had the opportunity to work on a stunning project in Bermuda which I want to share with you in particular, but I know her keen eye will take her far in the design world. Please read on to get in on the conversation…
Finally, if you are going to take advantage of the fact that this year will be an extra long holiday weekend to go away – wherever you are, spare a thought for the events and sacrifices that give rise to these holidays. Enjoy –but do not forget.
I have tours scheduled each month starting March 1st through September 2012...woo hoo! Some months there will be 2 or 3 tours, so be sure to check back often to see some really fantastic homes with Vintage, Cottage, Farmhouse style!
Legos, new paints, socks and undies (all new of course) in the mix.
My take is that these commercials are designed to gain a large number of page views. And they clearly work! But do page views translate to purchases of that product? Probably not.
FAILURE! yells my inner nagger! FAILURE!!! Look at you! You didn't do a thing. You lose! You disqualified yourself.
Here are some of the dresses and shirts I have made:
As Mothers' Day rolls around the corner (Mothers' Day falls on 13 May(Sunday), Vanity Trove preps for some luxe beauty pampering both for the leading lady of your life as well as yourself.
5. Don’t get sucked into drama. Patients will lie to you and ignore your advice. Colleagues will inevitably screw up. Once it has happened, move on and get work done. When others complain don’t get pulled down into the fray. Surround yourself with positive people.
It is important to stress that circumventing the legal handicap by acquiring any kind of firearm on the black market would be a bad idea at present, and the current author does not advocate any such activity. Things will presumably take care of themselves in that respect when the situation has deteriorated sufficiently. Those fortunate enough to live in countries where firearms can be acquired legally should take full advantage of the opportunities so afforded as soon as possible, bearing in mind that governments have been known to introduce draconian restrictions on the legality of firearms in very short periods of time.
a nearly three-decade career,
His voice to me is calling.
Childhood In Holly Springs A Memoir by Chesley Thorne Smith 1996
I'm not sure when I'll start again. But I'll try to be back this week.
"Santo subito!"
I'm starting to believe that Morrissey and Co. totally wrote all those Smiths songs about me, back in the 80s.
06 Someday We Will *
How is your day lining up? Are you in the game of life running around and trying to find the ball when all the time the Lord is saying, “Hey, I have it right here in my hand. Come and get it!”? You run right by Him and and pray, “God, why can’t I find that ball?” (Am I the only one who has done this?)
dry the baby. older son is asking you about punk
“So, what’s the future hold, Harold? Sounds perfect for you.”
As a behavior therapist, often the louder a student becomes, the quieter I become. The student will eventually meet my voice with their own, changing the dynamic of the interaction and the intimacy of the conversation. As we become content to connect with God quietly, we increase the intimacy of our relationship and dive below the surface of our typical intermingling with our precious Lord. Like the classroom, the children ask question upon question...the teacher guides and sometimes reminds the students, "It's okay, you already know this...I have prepared you." God loves us so much that He has prepared us, His quiet is in love.
I stood up quickly and felt a wave of dizziness hit me, as faint fragments of memories swirled around my mind. I realized I had no idea how long I had been sitting here alone, at the edge of the lake, comforting myself with memories of endless summer days, swimming and laughing until I cried. I was startled to realize that I had almost forgotten what it was like to love and be loved, I had almost forgotten those I left behind. I turned to look at the bushes; this creature had entered my heaven, but how?
Oct 30 Montreal, QC — Place des Arts
Andrea loves her Puky bike and we take it everywhere.
By presenting Max as a newly minted agent whose abilities haven't yet been tested, Carell begins from a different place than series star Don Adams, of whom he says, "Don was so distinctive, there was no realistic way to recreate his approach and his cadence, and I didn't want to do an impersonation. Instead, I wanted to tap into the essence of the character and the show's rich template and, without taking anything away from that, create something new and fresh in a way that honors the original but also stands on its own."
We've lost the only one who can fix me,
Time for a beer. Out of any damned glass you want.
-Rick Hawn has risen all the way to #6 at lightweight. He’s looked awesome in Bellator’s lightweight tournament so far, and I think he has a great chance of beating Brent Weedman and giving Michael Chandler a great challenge for the Bellator lightweight championship.
Keep up the good work lads and lasses.
Spend 30 Minutes working up to a one rep (heavy) Turkish Get Up…This is not a race apes.
This is a beautiful book. My grandparents got this for Little maybe before she was born. It is one of the books that I read to her every night before bed. I have also bought it for two of our little friends because we just love it that much. The second book we read is Good Night Moon. Which is just a classic.
And reminded me I could still half smile
that I LOOOOOVE about these dies, they are so versatile!!
There was much to be celebrated that morning. Firstly, I'd achieved a new marathon PB by shaving 18 minutes off my previous timing at the Putrajaya Night Marathon. Also, I'd completed all the 10, 21, 42 km categories of the Standard Chartered Marathon Singapore, which begs the question - should I participate again in 2012? My elder cousin, who suffered a major cramp during the race, managed to complete his marathon within the time limit while the younger cousin made his half-marathon debut and finished the equally congested run in a respectable time. Personally, and most importantly, I'd learned to not give excuses. Could I have done better at the SCMS if I had the whole route to myself? I don't know. But I do know that despite being caught in the human traffic, I'd seized every opportunity to catch up, by running faster and smarter. And that's another life lesson learnt....through running.
The video shows about a half-dozen police officers chasing and then tackling Nobody at Queen’s Park. SIU director Ian Scott said the video appeared to show one of the officers striking Nobody repeatedly while he was on the ground.
The Pretty Green Label is the brainchild of the swaggering Ex-Oasis front-man Liam Gallagher and offers a Mod, 60′s twist to menswear fashion.
AUTHOR: Shriram Sharma Acharya founder of the International Gayatri Family was a great Yogi seer and incarnation of God who wrote volumes of scientific literature mainly on spiritual subjects for world welfare and peace. For more scientific e literature pls visit http://www.shriramsharma.com/ www.awgpestore.com http://www.dsvv.ac.in/ www.akhandjyoti.org and http://www.awgp.org/ DESCRIPTION: Free e-books on Chakra Meditation-ESP, Nirvikalpa Samadhi or Thought Free Trance, Attaining Ridhi-Sidhis or Divine Energies, Future Scientific Religion, Super Energy Gayatri Science & Kundalini Yoga correlated to Neurosciences-ESP, Endocrinology, Anatomy, Psychology & Sociology for 1) material & spiritual prosperity & 2) uniting the world peacefully as a family. Ours is a strictly non-commercial website which aims at realizing the age old dream of great leaders and thinkers of the world: A beautiful borderless world. KEYWORDS: Kundalini Yoga Gayatri e-books biography Guru world peace mind psyche god nerve subtle consciousness soul divine trance endocrine glands ESP Chakras plexus meditation concentration intellect prophecy thought thinking Cheiro Nostradamus Aurobindo bliss brain Vedas solar sun energy sacred pure sense organs Prana Avatar Upanishad light cell hypothalamus pituitary transformation futurist prediction serpent power life human ethics integrity character vagus Tantra Mooladhar atom neutron proton
First, Dr. Michael Mithoefer conducted clinical trials using MDMA and a placebo. He found the drug, when administered in tandem with psychotherapy, helped patients recall traumatic, but long-buried, memories. “So what we are seeing with MDMA is it seems to allow people to access the trauma, revisit it with a sense that they are not going to be overwhelmed by the fear and anxiety,” Mithoefer says, “but at the same time, helps them to overcome whatever emotional numbing they have so they can connect with the emotions, and process the trauma that way.”
"Canadian Pride" Montreal Expos & Toronto Blue Jays - (Natscards - Paid)
I am awesome in the warm weather but anything under 40 just sucks walking in.
I will have it finished to show you on Saturday for the big reveal! The question is - how many times will I have redone it?
Sausage casserole & bread rolls
At this point, God still has the full Authority, but since men lives in sin and submit to Satan, their relationship with God was broken, they lost their Authority too. The world became a broken world, full of sins, diseases, and many other things came to this world, which are not from the Lord. The world became bondage under the authority of Satan the Devil, because of the wrong submission that was made by Adam and Eve. But God loves the people of the world so much that He wants to save us from all these things, and also from going to hell, and hell was destined for Satan and his people.
Commenters to the site took issue because Gothamist makes frequent postings about "street artists" who in the opinion of the commenters are vandals themselves.
We're going to book again pretty sharpish because I'm pretty sure that once the programme has been screened, there won't be a vacancy for months - if not years!
So here is a little charmer getting a soapy scrub down as his friend is distracted by a suspicious scarf.
You've started a new job. The manager shows you around and fills you in on the procedures and rituals of the position. You learn the computer system. You meet your co-workers. You figure out where the bathrooms are, the cafeteria, the snack machine. You know where to park, how to answer the phone, who to go to for a problem.
Up and down 1st Saddle. Hiked the up but ran the entire descent (17min from the summitpost to the bottom of Amphitheater). This was enormously encouraging, and a lot of fun. Walking downhill sucks. Got some acupuncture afterwards.
“Aren’t you going to give me something for anxiety first?” I asked Miss. Daisy. My legs were probably going to be like jello and I hadn’t eaten since midnight.
Inks: Blushing Bride, Concord Crush, Crumb Cake, Perfect Plum, Silver Smooch.
“So,” said the returned hero. “What you want me to do?”
Leaves are Marianne Design
Histamine is associated with increased nasal and sinus congestion. Vitamin C (2,000 mg three times per day) reduced histamine levels in people, has been reported to relieve symptoms of acute Asthma. Eliminate mild and all milk products from the diet, including prepared foods that list milk as an ingredient. An overwhelming majority of patients report dramatic improvement in Asthma conditions after two months of this dietary change.
The hardest part was getting the frosting to smooth out. I wonder how the professionals do it. I think I need one of those revolving cake stands. I told myself I would take pictures of each step so you could see how it came together...but after a few pictures, I was so frustrated and tired that I was in no mood to take anymore pictures. In retrospect, I really regretted being so lazy. I did get a picture of the insides for you at the reception.
I went with my daughter to the later performance. Just prior to their pom-pom performance, was another school that had the ugliest costumes that I have ever seen. They wore blue spaghetti-strap leotards with purple tutus and blue and purple patterned leggings. None of the girls looked attractive in them. They won the category, however. Figures. Our girls did very well except for one girl who hadn’t a clue what she was doing, and it was quite obvious she was lost. It was too bad. The others did quite well. I can’t remember the music they performed to. I think it was Ricky Martin’s Alé Alé Alé. The did a neat thing of passing pom-poms back from one line to another. The choreography was good, too.
All showered in alcohol, fake smiles and hormonal yearning? Spinning the lines and approaching from my shaded part of the web?
Before you decide to pick someone else apart decide if you would rather be a lovely bottle of sweet red wine instead... something that others enjoy.
Lets do the math
This Government isn't looking to co-operate with our movement. It isn't asking for our help. It is simply telling us that it will subject us to years of pay restraint and job cuts whilst undermining pension rights built up over generations.
It is one thing to tout the achievement, it is another to make the claim, “my opponent would not have done the same thing.” Especially when doing so means quoting your opponent out of context, something even Politfact confirms. While Politifact does its usual twisting to make what the President’s campaign claim not entirely false, even they concluded the statement to be a half truth.
Another letter conquered, another pleasant night's drink. What are your choices for F?
Here are a few commercial patterns I found for sale online. I recommend looking on Etsy, eBay, and Amazon, and you can also do a Google Shopping search. (Sometimes a search under "men's boxers sewing pattern" will yield different results than "boxer shorts sewing pattern." You can also try "men's underwear sewing.") Boxer shorts patterns can also be found new on sites like Pattern Review and Fabric.com.
You have 72 hours to get back to me, otherwise a new winner will be selected.
The truth is its own worst enemy
guineas a year downwards. These employ the flower of the country as servants, some of them having as many as 200 domestics, not laboring. They employ also a great number of manufacturers and tradesman, and lastly the class of laboring husbandmen. But after all these comes the most numerous of all classes, that is, the poor who cannot find work. I asked myself what could be the reason so many should be permitted to beg who are willing to work, in a country where there is a very considerable proportion of uncultivated lands? These lands are
Been busy doing some DT work today so no new card to share. However, I would like to share something with you. I really like all the little crochet flowers that are appearing on some cards at the moment. Well, I can crochet but haven't done for many years. So this morning I went to my local craft shop and bought some crochet hooks, wool and some patterns.
And, that I'm not the only one out there talking to the birds, the chipmunk, the frog, the plants, or the bees.
4. Take care of the baby still within.
You may be able to persuade them take a taxi or wait for parents to collect them.
“She really hurt you when she left, didn’t she?”
I know it's been a very long time since my last blog entry. Lately, I have just felt that I have nothing of any importance to share. I keep waiting for some brilliant idea to pop up in my head, but no such luck.
Where I have lived for the past several years we have a crappy transistor radio and only get really CBC One.
Have you figured it out yet? What belongs in the valley and what doesn’t? Warning: you can be trapped in the valley, but you can never escape!
3 drops of hot sauce
And in the morning I listen to National Public Radio as I'm getting ready for work. Now some might complain about the biases and propaganda broadcast by such stations and I might agree with some of those complaints. But I set my alarm to the station because it tells me the weather and it also gives me a sense of what is precipitating in the world around me...
Thank you, History Girls, for inviting me to guest here. I'm not a real History Girl - I just lurk behind the scenes, bullying the electrons when things go wrong in a digital kind of way.
The Arbor (Barnard)
No progress:
So if you are not a Unity kit of the month Member.. and want this stamp and more of my stamps go join.. If you are a KOM member I can't wait to see what you do with this one!!
The waitress warned us that if the police came they would give an instant fine of 100 euros per dog. We've never had a problem in the past and noone seems to mind their presence.
Director: John Fasano
Never lose faith. Take pictures daily of the baby that way when you feel like nothing is happening you can look back and see the baby’s growth and improvement.
I was provided a copy of this Bible Story Book by Tyndale House Publishers. I was not required or expected to write a positive review of this product. The review is my opinions only.
… I laugh, I love that I laugh, and I especially love that I can make myself laugh.
I don't know if because of the antibac stuff in it, but when you first initially spray down there, it will sting. I want to buy the blue one to see if that would also sting but instead of buying it online I just buy the red can at the store. If you tore or had stitches or are just plain sore down there. This does bring you some relief! Minus the initial burn at first. Ouch.
For my LO I used solid AC Cardstock and printed paper from the DEAR LIZZY collection - which is a christmas themed collection but I loved how the banners and colors worked with my celebratory LO.
Slice the bacon cross wise into strips. Cook in a large skillet with high sides for 8-9 minutes, or until crisp. Remove bacon and drain on paper towels. Drain skillet, leaving 1 tbsp of bacon drippings in the skillet.
It’s great that Gen Y has the passion to be innovative. Don’t get me wrong, I love that about my generation. And I’m all for informing ourselves so that if we wanted to break out of the mould, we can. But what about those who have to take the steps to make their dreams happen over several years, all in good time, because they can’t afford any other way?
The continuity of your logo, your name and your font has to be uniform to bring in all those people that have not heard you but see your posters all around town or around your city. The artists that keep the consistency, continuity and uniformity of a logo and font while changing everything else will draw in many more people. I mean, think about it…. Have you ever really ever seen Coca Cola in any other font?
no clue whatsoever on who they were at all.
Might as well suck it up and get this over with. The wood-frame house was painted shocking blue and blinding white. The sign out in the front yard was plastered with a bunch of multicolored handprints.
(There are some more colorful, leave-little-to-the-imagination descriptions in the actual story, but I can't type them here without blushing something horrible.)
Just peel back a layer. Take a taste. Go on! You might be surprised.
I know that all of you readers out there are terribly responsible with your money. You have "savings accounts" and have 3 months of salary in reserve for a rainy day and you are responsible with your credit cards and lose sleep over interest rates.
Unfortunately, Ragnarok is still on hiatus and has been in that state for…at least 6 years. There are currently 10 volumes and according to Wikipedia, Ragnarok is supposed to have 40+ volumes. Suffice it to say, I have no hopes of this series going out of its hiatus state because honestly, 6 years, probably more, is a hell of a long break and with the sheer scale of detail and story that lies within Ragnarok, I think it is going to be hard for Myung-Jin Lee to get back into the swing of things. Unless, he has the plot all nicely written out…haha, well, I can dream.
thinning of your skin
Admission – Adults £11, Students £7
Today because THE SHOW’s stage was really know the audience, we got to interact with fans alot, really happy about that
Lord, forgive me for taking so many things in your creation and in my own little world for granted. Thank you for blessing me with things I’ve never even appreciated. Thank you for telling me over and over that you’ll never leave me or forsake me…because I need you always, and especially now. Bless me with your peace, so that I can cast all worry about of my mind, and so that I can learn to be content, and in the moment. I ask for your blessings in my life and the lives of those who love you – grant them, and me, the desires of our hearts. In Jesus’ name I pray. Amen.
full, spicy and refreshing.
There was still a lot of the orange wood hue showing through, so I had to keep painting/sanding until I had something I was happy with.
- The Hockey Hall of Fame's Junior Education Program included Face-Off on its recommended reading list for the junior and intermediate levels.
Banyan/Dressing Gown – a loose, wraparound, floor-length bathrobe sort of garment, while the banyan was knee-length and more fitted. Rich-colored, luxurious fabrics were preferred, such as satin, velvet, or silk damask.
But sometimes I feel kind of alone in this. Everyone knows about the cattiness of lolitas, the stereotype that "lolitas are bitches" - I must be mostly meeting the exception to that rule, because a large amount of my lolita friends are even sweeter than I am (though admitted that's not saying much!) It's always seemed to me that lolitas are so harsh on newcomers almost as a form of hazing: if you can prove you can take the heat, you're worth your frills, but if you get offended or hurt, your name will be splattered across the front page of Get Off EGL and maliciously passive-aggressive Secrets will be posted about you. Now, I don't use either of these communities, and I've heard that they're getting much more docile, so maybe this is one of those "Back in MY day..." things; if so, then just assume I am speaking only of the past, commenting on the actions of girls who've grown up or quit the fashion. However, it has always seemed to me that this was almost a way that a newcomer proved she deserved the status of a "lolita;" she was allowed to call herself a lolita only if she could take the ugliness of this fashion as well as the beauty. That's honestly a very poignant sentiment, but what about those girls who can't? They, this argument would have to state, do not deserve any of our beauty. They need to remove their rose-tinted glasses and go back to the grayness of modern life.
A Gate story.
To that waste and resource outflow must be added banal corruption, epitomised by Chancellor House (an African National Congress fundraising arm) and Hitachi’s $5 billion deal for Eskom boilers which will apparently not be delivered on time, hence risking another round of brown-outs.
because it was absolutely freezing ...
As we speak I am preparing for another NEW showing today...fingers crossed! Hope you'll help me creatively sell this house and allow me to beautify your space in return! For more information about the home contact Bridget with Trust Real Estate Advisors or you can visit their website www.trustrealestateadvisors.com!
I won it during Dewey's 24-hour Read-A-Thon, I read it, and I'm not sure why. Three "aging" women in their forties find life again after hooking up with younger (20-something) men. That's the "cougar" definition, a term that's new to me. I have no desire to fall into bed with a 20-something boy. I turned 70 last month and dating a 20-ish boy would be like dating my grandson. Whatever would we find to talk about? Or is talking beside the point in books like this?
the right decision.
As usual we would ask you to link directly to your card not just to your blog and to link back to this challenge within your post.
Anyway, I really wasn’t connected to this chapter. All that I can say is that I hope the next chapter will be better than this one. A tad or a smidgeon, it doesn’t matter. I want to be more invested in the next chapter than I was in this chapter. That’s all.
Best Weight Loss Tips – Skip The Most Important Meal of the Day
Jenny and I talked it over, and we decided to let her stay home from school today. Something was wrong, and we couldn't send her to school like this without knowing what it was. Katie asked me again if I could stay home too, and I told her I couldn't, and that I had to go to work. I asked her why she wanted me to stay with her and she said she didn't know, she just wanted me to be there. I reassured her that Jenny would be there with her, and that we could talk when I got home.
When Marge returned he was empty handed and fidgety. “Can you believe it, Bill's not fucking there? Fuck. He's always there!”
Our new reaction? Lie.
All you do is bake a cake, cool it, crumble it up (directions for novices, like me, are in the book), add 3/4 can of frosting, and mix it together using the back of a spoon or spatula. Chill. (The dough, Silly.)
Fact Number One: It was liberal Democrats, led by Senator Christopher Dodd and Congressman Barney Frank, who for years– including the present year– denied that Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac were taking big risks that could lead to a financial crisis.
PERK UP! back to furniture. the free kind.
So this is my quandary,
You are still both free, you are still free to eventually date or guys are free to do that as well .The first strategy I want to give you is to refocus on your life after you had your first date you have to go back to your life, go back to your individuality and feel the other aspect of your life: go back to your career, go back to the things you’re doing before, if you have active social life and people will go with that. Refocus on staying healthy and in diet. All this things that you do when you’re not in dating or relationship mode then go back to that and refocus your energy on that .
TH
But here's the thing. It turns out that what Daisey said on the stage, reproduced on the radio as journalism, wasn't quite .... accurate. Or truthful. To be frank, he made stuff up. He lied.
If you are thinking of getting stuck into your reno's this summer holidays, then you must check out this WONDERFUL retro reno site. Choc full of inspiration, information and retrovation, you are just gonna LOVE this site..........
So if you get a chance, raise a glass of whatever you're drinking to Larry Munson, the voice of Georgia football, who died Sunday at the age of 89. Larry, may you find an heaven of unbreakable chairs, trimmed hedges and sugar falling from the sky.
And in my opinion it’s this colossal damage to the entire fabric of society which is the true and terrible cost of the smoking ban. It’s not the closed pubs and the lost jobs and the money that isn’t being spent that really matters: it’s the disintegration of society.
Get a back massage and let the masseuse ease away all the tensions. Have a salt & shea scrub to exfoliate, cleanse and purify the skin. And surly you’d love a head massage, all your shoulder and neck stiffness will transform into a feeling that is soft and refreshing.
The chocolate colored cs, I found in my non-SU! pile!!! And the sentiment, which you can probably tell was handwritten! lol Included in my candy box is white choc, dk choc, milk choc (my favorite, but I'll share!) and a strawberry creme, would you like one???
Make a smooth dough with the above adding just enough warm water.
The ceremony was gorgeous, the perfect day for a romantic outdoor ceremony. The bride was beautiful, the bridesmaids lovely in flouncy lilac, the mothers of the happy couple, glorious in papal purple. The groom was dashing in a top hat. I hung onto my jacket and avoided my ex.
customize it, make it yours.
Brooklyn– Council Member James urges Brooklyn parents to enroll their four-year-olds in free Universal pre-Kindergarten (UPK) classes as full-day and half-day seats remain available at 58 locations around the borough.
In the spirit of the new year, how many of you are starting up new book projects? Or dusting off an old project with more determination than ever to make it breakout novel quality? Either way, it's a great time for all of us to take another peek at what's under the hood of all those beautiful words and look at the engine that is going to drive the reader from the first line to the last. No matter how well-written, the book idea has to be solid.
Are things beginning to make a little sense now?
I am. Busy. Really.
What a complete and utter waste of human lives. 1600 people have died in the last year after taking the WCA test. We need to insist on a complete halt to testing until a public enquiry into Atos and the WCA Test plus and it`s affect on those involved. In order to find out where fault applies. Whoever is responsible for these deaths should then be charged with culperable man-slaughter or gross negligence.
Linda Andrews lives with her husband and three children in Phoenix, Arizona. When she announced to her family that her paranormal romance was to be published, her sister pronounce: "What else would she write? She’s never been normal." All kidding aside, writing has become a surprising passion. So just how did a scientist start to write paranormal romances? What other option is there when you’re married to romantic man and live in a haunted house?
I really love butterflies and Flourishes has a few stamp sets with them, but I chose the butterfly from the "Butterflies and Blossoms" set. I love the full wings this butterfly has :)
Happy Saturday to you. Today I want to show you a card I have made for a friend's Birthday that I forgot - I know, shame on me and I have no excuse other than old age really is setting in :0(
meet the harding family:
I neeeed a holiday. I was talking to my mom yesterday & she was thinking of going away for a few days in the inter-semester break. Probably to an island. I would laaaarve to. I want to just read & sleep & not stress about things for five whole minutes. The last book I read was Stargirl, & while it is freaking AWESOME, it's for my reading log for Uni, so it wasn't exactly escapism. Plus that was a week ago.
3. Mother (5:14)
Live on stage, Bernard Manning was one of the best technical comedians I have ever seen .
Marty Mars / Two Poems / 79
2009-04-01 Bloemfontein - The brutal ‘muti-related murders’ of two Free State farmers at Vierfontein in Viljoenskroon were deplored by the commercial farmers body Free State Agriculture president Louw Steytler, who ‘strongly condemned the cowardly and gross manner of the murders. I urge farmers to get involved in Free State Agriculture's rural safety plan," he said in a statement.
An example:
and our moms went to the same college.
When we look seriously at the statics, it is surprising how many of our young men end up not fulfilling their enormous potential because the sin of the fathers. The emasculation of black male under colonialism has taken its toll on the rest of the family. And so today we have many families that are headed up by females. Do we think this is strange? Let us look at what the slavers did to bring about this situation!
The reply I always give to such doubts is to say that there is no hatred like fraternal hatred and that hatreds between different Leftist groupings have existed from the French revolution onwards. Such hatreds do not make any of the rival groups less Leftist however. And the ice-pick in the head that Trotsky got courtesy of Stalin shows vividly that even among the Bolsheviks themselves there were great rivalries and hatreds. Did that make any of them less Bolshevik, less Marxist, less Communist? No doubt the protagonists concerned would argue that it did but from anyone else's point of view they were all Leftists at least.
1kg bag carrots, peeled and diced
They said The Who's "Tommy" was supposed to be a Rock Opera, but I hadn't seen it, and there were only like two songs on the album I liked anyway.
No line at Ebbets do I see.
As many of you know, I began my cross-country road trip about two weeks ago. When I decided to make the trip, I intended it to be a “voyage of discovery”, not so much about discovering who I am but more about opening myself up to and discovering the what and where of my higher purpose. To that end, I collected various personal development audiobooks that I would listen to during drive time along with course work that I’d work on during down time. I even replaced my car’s stereo system with one that boasted Bluetooth and MP3 capability so I wouldn’t need to pack the actual CDs. Yes, I was ready and about to be on my way to my higher calling.
In NYC, “it is disorderly conduct for one man to greet another on the street by placing the end of his thumb against the tip of his nose and wiggling the extended fingers of that hand.”
I still used the October Afternoon paper but I added some white crepe paper stitched on to a panel of paper and a tag with my Papertrey Ink sentiment stamped on it. I painted a Maya Rd. chipboard heart, sprinkled it with mica flakes and added it on as a simple finishing touch!
When 5:30 a.m. rolled around, I was awake and cold, so I began getting ready because I knew the only thing that would get me warm was walking. I packed up quickly, but my hands were super cold. I ended up wearing my wind jacket under my shell and pulling it over my hands on the trekking poles so I had some protection on my hands. The trail stretched wide going out from the campground and made its way over to outstanding views. Before leaving I made sure everything was waterproof since I swore it would rain, yet as soon as I got to the viewpoint corner, I noticed it was just really intense fog hovering over the campsites. When the wind blew, it pushed the fog right off the cliff I walked on forcing it to fall, then disappear.
I know my Title sounds like a complaint... but it's not, well maybe it is... Seems my house is never just right. It's either too loud and I'm exhausted, or it's too quiet and I'm exhausted..lol It's very Rare that I can get both babies happy at the same time. Almost always we have 1 baby crying. My neighbors must think I'm neglecting them. sigh, why do we care so much about what others think of us? we all care .. or we wouldn't shower everyday, do our hair/makeup, wear matching clothes, keep our houses clean etc... you get what I'm saying. So far I have written what? 4-5 sentences and I have gotten up 6 times to care for crying babies. Please do not get me wrong, I'm NOT complaining about caring for my children, I'm complaining about the lack of rest / sit downs / sleep. These are things I took for granted after each of my children Grew old enough to not need tended to every moment of the day. I will take it for granted again one day, but for now.. I want to write down just how much I miss relaxation. One day in 4-5 years from now, I can look back at this post and remember how much I missed being able to sit and enjoy 1 T.V. show, or more than 4 hours of sleep with no interruptions. I also want to look back at these moments, just when I feel like I'm the worst mother in the world, That I'm not a bad Mom, I have worked my Ass off every day and night for all 5 of my beautiful children for well over 18 years.
A unit external cash that has some supply freezer cure packages extra space to your small items.
stained glass lighting and classic iron fixtures to adorn the walls.
I get lost in the accent, the scenery and opulent meals.
-rest 2:00
No, autumn has got to be further way that that!! As much as I like the change of the seasons, they always seem to take me by surprise. In Spring it seems like the trees will never burst into leaf when all of a sudden everything is green!
I did manage it and this is what I came up with, photographed in the dark!
We were in France last year and decided to drive from our gite here to the seaside resort of Royan on the Gironde estuary where the combined flows of the Dordogne, the Lot and the Garenne flow out to sea. I love the Atlantic Ocean. It was quite a drive, but worth it. I wanted to see the Belle Epoque villas so after an early lunch we walked along the seafront at La Grande Conche, a tree-lined promenade lined with the most amazing villas and with a great view across the Gironde. At the end of the 19th century sea-bathing became very fashionable and rich Parisians flocked to Royan to spend the summer. They built the most extraordinary villas along the seafront and in the area known as 'le parc'. Former residents include Picasso, Sarah Bernhardt and Emile Zola.
John Hope Bryant is NOT saying that Black people don’t have entrepreneurial role models; he is saying that we need MORE business owners who are employing thousands, not merely hundreds (or less). He’s saying we need more innovators, more businesses in technology, etc. that provide a competitive advantage within the U.S. in general, and within Black communities specifically. He’s saying we need MORE Black entrepreneurs going into the community, going into the schools and teaching and sharing the ‘magic’ in their success.
“We believe JYP Entertainment’s new project JJ will be the most pleasant and exciting project that JYP has ever done. Please continue to look forward to JYP’s ‘jackpot’ JJ Project.”
An easy way to find out what type of arches you have is to use the wet foot on pavement test. You can use a dry cement surface or other dry surface. All you need to do is get the bottoms of your feet wet and step onto the dry surface and then step away. By looking at the foot prints you left behind you can get a good idea what type of arches you have.
In other news, let's just say that I was playing up the Ralph Lauren cowboy thang on Thursday....I bought a bale of hay! Or straw? I have never bought hay, or straw, before. I have all this grass to seed in my yard plus a big hump of dirt we have not yet decided what to do with, so I was like "what can my lazy self toss onto that hump so it is not all weeds in a week?" and I got 2 bags of clover at Agway with my grass seed. The bags say something cover with blahblah blah, and I don't know what that is, and the helpful agway person (I love agway! they always have cats from the shelter there for adoption :) shows me this 50 dollar bag of pellets, to cover grass seed or clover seed. She says "cover with this...or straw" (or did she say hay?) And a bale of hay OR straw is merely 5 bucks! I am like "wow, i have never bought straw OR hay before!" and it fits into the little car trunk and smells GREAT, like horses.
wait, do you think you look better wearing branded clothes?
And then took yesterday´s sunny afternoon to melt them with a blowdryer:
Kit decided to write it all down on a chart so everyone could pick jobs and split them all up fairly among all four of them. This picture is an 18"x24" that he drew up with colors and arrows and everything. When he was all done, he stuck it to the wall and Grammo said, "That's a lot of stuff to do. We'll have to work hard to get it all done."
I also like how Nicholas, Phillip and Paul all maintain their masculine identity throughout, which would have almost certainly been the case in 1914. The unhurried pace at which Nicholas and Phillip entered into a sexual liaison is also credible, as is the uncertainty that existed between Paul and Nicholas. All pluses.
Where is your home away from home?
Head on over to Linda's blog to see this beautiful card in all it's gorgeous detail.
It probably won't become my everyday choice, for that I'll stick with my fizzy fruity smells, but I'd love this for a special evening out or, indeed, a special evening in ;D
Extremely effective and designed for egg washing. The unique blend of all natural enzymes attacks organic stains and protein residue for effective removal of contaminants. For years, producers have looked for an alternative to chlorine for cleaning eggs. Now they have one.
I love street food. It’s fresh, quick, no-fuss food which costs a tenth of the stuff you find in restaurants. And there’s never this ‘queue for a table’ malarkey, because quite simply, there are no tables. Whether you’re pulling up to a roadside stall in North Thailand for a dried-fish snack, swigging oysters at Borough Market, or being hankered at from left, right and centre by traders in Marrakech offering ‘the best tagine in town’, there’s always enough street for everyone to enjoy their food. So when I arrived as a student in Cardiff three years ago, I was blown away by its thriving street-food scene: the stuff, it appears, making Wales the best home nation when it comes to ethical and sustainable eating.
Amazingly delicious cocktails from the U'Luvka - a wonderful high end Polish vodka. I heartily recommend The Sun and Moon - pineapple perfection! Incredibly refreshing and naughtily moreish. You have been warned!
55. Secretary (James Spader) – The hottest sex scene I’ve ever seen. And very weird.
Melody Davis, 20, was driven to the Royal Liverpool Hospital but the car got stuck in a car park on nearby Mount Vernon Street because a barrier was blocking the way.
Jabu! You only need to look at this man’s record in Sarawak Report to see how he is probably the most unsuitable person, apart from Taib himself, in the whole of Sarawak to be in charge of a land exchange system.
63. Cf. Inferno, iii. 55-7.
Expect for me to discuss everything from life to sex to babies to breastfeeding, and everything in between, all honestly and with humor...a lot of humor.
No Particular Blues
I shouldn't have to explain this one, but I will: a movie based on a video game is never good news. But for some reason the artist here thought it would be a good idea to make everything look like Indiana Jones And The Temple Of Crap. Really, artist guy; hand-drawn artistry, no matter how detailed, cannot detract from the fact that you have little lizard heads in big coats, Dennis Hopper glaring at the photographer who got his pic for the artist to draw from and two relatively-respected actors dressed for Halloween in a poster for A MOVIE BASED ON A VIDEO GAME. It's just drawings from the movie, but not from a good movie, and not even really on an Indiana Jones-level. When it takes you several minutes to realize John Leguizamo is holding up a plunger, you have more problems in your poster than little lizard heads in big coats.
Top Ten Tuesday is a weekly meme that is hosted by The Broke and the Bookish. It was originally started because of their love for lists. Who doesn't like making lists? I know I do, so I decided to join in this week.
What would you like readers to know about you as an introduction?
They both smiled.
I have once seen someone drink a measure that is as near as dammit to a 2/3 of a pint measure. Only the once. In Europe you can sell 1/3 of a litre and many bars offer that measure. The only person I have ever seen take it up was a four foot tall Japanese lady that weighed about 6 stone/ 38kg / 84 pounds wet through. It was in the Weisses Bräuhaus, and she didn’t know whether she liked beer and wanted to try the smallest one on offer. After her first small wheat beer she sank 4 more full sized ones before asking me to marry her. Upon telling her I was attached she proposed to my friend.
The first responsibility of any political candidate or movement is self-definition, providing answers to the following questions: (1) Who am I? (2) Why am I here? (3) What am I going to do or advocate? (4) By what means?
And I got a really good post as the new head of the Aarnimetsä’s embroidery guild.
10. Lazy Day
“Because today is the day the Doctor finds out who I really am.”
I'm not a big fan of slabbed cards and I may bust this one loose, but I am truly amazed that I got all those other catcher cards AND this 1951 Bowman Roy Campanella for $40. This is my new favorite card. Not just in this lot, but in my whole collection.
Sorry for the fob off posts I’m doing at the moment – I have some serious cooking planned for tomorrow, so hopefully some pretty posts then.
“A man will deliver a relic to your abode in a fortnight. All you need to is keep it safe until I can pick it up.”
Why? Because I AM SURROUNDED BY MOTHERFUCKERS!
Funky beaded necklace - Rue21 clearance buy $2.99
She's also a climber.
He told me all the recipient mares are up for sale at $1000 each. While that is kind of pricey for a mare with an unknown history, it's basically what I expected him to say. One quick update on Facebook about it, and suddenly I had a huge flood of people telling me to put a donate button up on the blog to see if I could raise up enough money to buy her. With the trimming business exploding, it is certainly doable at this point in my life to have two horses... so why not? Who wants to help me buy Bay Girl? Who wants to see that fancy little 257 on her butt turning down the centerline, cause I know I sure do!
Congrats to all...I really enjoyed perusing your articles.
I wish I was more passionate. I wish I could cry at movies or even real accounts of true events. I wish unfair things that I hear about would make me sick enough not to want to eat. Why don’t important issues even disrupt my life?
Once the pictures are drawn put the picture that will eventually be hidden on top of the picture that will eventually be your front cover. Punch a hole in the center of both and put a handy little spinner-fastner. Then hide the flaps of the top one underneath the front cover.
Unfortunately, my natural eyes don't have double eyelid, so I need to have them before I start eye make-up...lol What do I do??
Chapter IV Protection of Places of Origin
Iliad the Fool tries to eat, but is still mortified “This is very odd indeed” he says under his breath… Which is quickly met with Jodan hitting his shoulder.
So the fans gave me a nickname called ‘Wealthy Teeth’. During the fansign not long ago, there were a lot of fans who showed a lot of interest in me, so it felt good.
My plan for Blood Ties is a bit different and really new. I wrote three drafts in three years, and then I stopped looking at it for a long time. And I was thinking about it yesterday, and I realized what’s bugging me about it. First, there’s a lot of exposition all in one place, and while it’s very in-character, it’s not really what you want for a book. And second, the current ending, now that I look back on it, feels contrived and out-of-character. That’s probably because I’ve kept the same ending since the first draft, when the characters were two-dimensional and all virtually the same, and it worked then. Now… not so much.
I have been a follower of several wonderful blogs over the past few years. As soon as I figure out how to do it, I will put links to all the great blogs I know and love on here so everyone who stops by can go to check them out.
a) one 1024×1024 face shot of your avatar wearing Danielle Mirette Cocktail Special Edition dress (any color)
Christ came FOR the sick, he came to call “sinners,” NOT the “righteous,” not the self-satisfied, not the smug.
1/2 teaspoon xantham gum
Crafts can sometimes have an artistic feel to them but to do a craft, to me, is to follow a set of steps and instructions to produce an specific outcome (Similar to doing a recipe - you follow the instructions, use the listed ingredients and it is done when your timer dings)
Drop a compliment now and then to make the abuser feel good about him/herself.
Vogel believes that William is at fault because his reckless driving resulted in someone being killed. He disregards the meeting William had with the victim's family, since it bears no relevance to the crime that took place, but he does say that whatever conditions the victim was under at the time of the accident are also of no relevance because William's bad driving history is the real issue. Taking William's youth into account, Vogel sentences him to one year's imprisonement at hard labor and a fine of $5,000. He sets bail and a stay of execution, and orders him to turn himself in to the sheriff of Cook County at 10:00 on the morning of Saturday, the 16th.
2. Addams Family Movie Main Theme - Marc Shaiman
People consistently rank relationships at or near the top of the list of indicators for what constitutes a good quality of life. Human beings are social creatures. Relationships give our lives meaning and purpose. Having a network of family, friends, neighbours, co-workers and others who know and care about us not only enhances our quality of life, it’s also good for our health. Research shows that “individuals with adequate social relationships have a 50% greater likelihood of survival compared to those with poor or insufficient social relationships. The magnitude of this effect is comparable to quitting smoking and it exceeds many well-known risk factors for mortality (e.g., obesity, physical inactivity).” (Holt-Lunstad, Smith & Layton, 2010).
The needle looked clean, it did, but so do many of mine if I get a clean hit or have to transfer the gear to another needle for some reason. And of course now Marge had plucked off the orange cap and broken the seal which is the only other means to verify it by once it's out it's wrapper. It was too late. My situation was this: half my bag of heroin was in a needle I had doubts about, and the rest of the bag was in Marge's syringe which was 100% dirty. The gear was gone. I finally convinced myself I must be wrong and rolled my sleeve up and stuck my arm out. Without even using a tourniquet Marge looked over my arm. He was in a hurry. “Ah, there's a nice fat vein sitting up right there... I'll get that without even tickling ya!”
—- The Giants usually don’t start out too well, but it’s not how you start; its how you end. And the Giants bring their absolute “A game” when it really matters. Like last season; at about week 12, no one thought that the G-Men would be in the biggest game of them all, better yet; they didn’t know they’d win it.
Owe-Me is negotiating with the head Wort. Duke leads
The kid is SIX. He: (1) managed to figure out that he wanted an account, (2) figured how to navigate to where to set one up, and (3) was working his way through the information to set it up.
So here are the ingredients...
You will not need: character sheets, maps, miniatures, counters, terrain or a board. All dice may be used, unless you are taking the optional higher random approach. Play.
We decide we’ve had enough swimming and traveling. We grab some lunch and fruit juice at the little restaurant near the entrance to the wadi and then head back to the car. The boys want to return to my flat in Nizwa, which they like very much for a home away from home.
Dark Horse Crooked Tree; Marshall, Michigan, India Pale Ale, 6% abv
and of course, this feeling is uncomfortable because it is a gift -
Well, Ann and I got a lot of planning done in the three hours we were in the car. We are all ready for that in-service on Monday. I got some other work done to boot. Oh, well. We also treated ourselves to a little milkshake at a Steak n' Shake in Wabash. Woo-hoo! They are half-price today. Just a little gift sent our way.
The morning started off with a great fashion show of various brands (Cannisse and Mado et les Autres among others) representing womenswear F/W 2012 and indicated, besides from all the different trends, some amazing pieces I'm now craving for so badly (coming back to this in following posts). Lucky as I am, I got the chance to sit in the first row, so trend predictions were easily to do and although I'm still lacking of professional photography skills, I captured a good selection of displayable photos for Pulcinella. A definite thing I can already tell is, that Fashion Istanbul (The Fashion Atelier Project from the Istanbul Chamber of Commerce) and their different creations were my absolute favourite. The patterns, the cuts, the materials - it seemed as if I'm starting to build a further interest and enthusiasm in middle eastern designers (I can tell: The ladies of Istanbul Fashion simply rock).
In 1614 the land around Machu Picchu had apparently passed into the ownership of the local Canaris tribe, led by their cacique (chief) Don Francisco Poma Gualpa. In 1657 the area was leased temporarily by a group of Augustinian friars who used the land for farming but had no knowledge of the ruins which by then had been abandoned for over 150 years and would have already have been extensively covered by the surrounding jungle.
I have been buying a few patterns on line lately in my quest to improve my sewing skills, which to be honest before I started were pretty damn rusty having not sewn since high school.
*Confidence-do you have it, not have it, or do you just not care?
The cold of the English winter did not agree with Pocahontas and in March 1617 she Rolfe's boarded ship to return to Virginia. Weakened by sickness - probably pneumonia or tuberculosis - she was in no fit state to make the arduous Atlantic crossing. She went ashore at Gravesend in Kent where she died. Her funeral took place on 21st March 1617 at St. Georges Church, a tragic end to the short life of a key figure in American history.
I also have been to Vashon Island for a garden tour (yes, Bainbridge and Vashon have lovely well-kept houses and gardens), but I never went to the house where Betty MacDonald had lived.
I want to find joy in all I do. Being with my family and close friends, we can find joy. It's always there if we open our eyes.
So, I'm slowly but surely getting clothes unpacked and gifts put away. I knew it would be a process, which it is, but we're getting there! Happy 2012!
“Repent ye therefore, and be converted, that your sins may be blotted out, when the times of refreshing shall come from the presence of the Lord; And he shall send Jesus Christ which before was preached unto you.”
My friend Hsing recently made tiramisu ice cream, and when I tasted it I knew that I wanted to make it too! Not long after that, I had the perfect opportunity - my cousin Angie was coming to visit and I know that she loves boozy desserts, so I decided to make it for her.
I haven’t slept much in days and after all of that excitement I’m not so sure I have faith that I’ll be getting there all that soon either.
There is a fact table that only needs to be updated once per day.
Well, most of the recipes are ones buried throughout this site, but now you can find them all in one convenient place (and you know how I'm liking convenient stuff at the moment). I've also revamped a few and added new photos. To top it all off, there are some more unposted recipes, my favorites being the Devil's Food Cupcake versus the My Little Angel Cupcake (my take on a mini raw angel food cake, seen in this pic).
2 Big Cloves of Garlic (Do not peel!)
The whole train ride you could see the Alps in the distance, getting closer and closer...until we were right at the foot of them. And there, on a promontory right at the beginning of the Alps, is Neuschwanstein, the fairy castle itself. I'd been there before, in 1986, on my crazy summer trip with my buddy Julia. But I honestly can't say I remember much about the interior except one chandelier, and I only remember that because all the tour guides (even now) always tell you that it weighs over a ton.
Lawcast 199: Ashley Hayman on taxation and tax planning for Barristers
2. Washington D.C. (Politics & Prose Bookstore)
Maitland didn’t end up with a chain of pubs, but the pub stayed in the family through the better part of a century. It’s still listed as Maitland’s in the Post Office directory of 1973-4. I don’t know when exactly it changed its name to the Imperial Bar but it must have been in the late 1970s or as late as the mid 80s.
If it is impossible to get you to follow simple clear means of paragraph formatting and seperation of issues for clarification of communication purposes, so that your message can be understood by any proposed reader, such as myself; then it is pointless wasting my time to attempt to decode your whirlpool-of-confused-jumble-sale communication.
Lucky for me, my friend Mike has a Ph.D. in adolescent behavior, with a specialty in potty humor.
Taught my last class of the semester today. The final Clarissa seminar on Monday was a treat; rather sad to see that one end! Am bringing more work with me on this trip than I had ideally hoped: in addition to the novel stuff, I have time-sensitive school things (2 MA essays to comment on, plus final set of assignments from lecture students that will need at least brief emailed comments if not full marking), a book review to write for Monday and the stack of Austen novels I want to reread in preparation for an essay I owe for a forthcoming Blackwell Companion to English Literature (due date of May 15). However I say with a combination of guilt and glee that if I'd stayed in town, there are three work-related parties I would have had to attend, and another party I probably would have felt I couldn't avoid, and really I will much prefer quiet time working, so that is fine! Not a holiday, in short, just a very pleasant temporary removal.
Whoever said that beauty lies in the eye of the beholder, must have been not completely right. Zhenya's illustrations ARE simply beautiful. You can't deny.
ABBA consisted of:
(It also, of course, included the comic. Dave Gibbons left after three Fifth Doctor stories, and it’s difficult to argue that the strip didn’t take a downward turn at that point. Parkhouse’s version of Davison’s Doctor is essentially indistinguishable from his version of Baker’s. The only new character trait he adds is an obsession with cricket. Beyond that he just continues plotlines from his last Tom Baker strip, “The Neutron Knights.”
“That I may know him, and the power of his resurrection, and the fellowship of his suffering, being made conformable unto his death; If by any means I might attain unto the resurrection of the dead.”
We had a great time with Tyson's parents and we really appreciated them coming to see us. Even if they only got to stay for 5 hours. We love our parents so much and we're grateful to have such a great support group in them. I can't wait to see them again!
So we decided, January 2012, was our month (and year) to start. Several of you have asked if I'd blog about adoption, as you'd find it interesting, and well, as you can see, I've decided to take you up on it.
To make the frame: In this example I stamped the snowflake from the Bright Hopes Set (122690 Woodmount $23.95 / 122692 Clearmount $17.95) right onto the base of the card. Take the second from the outside of the Shaker Frames and place the sticky side down around the snowflake. Punch out a 1-3/4 sized circle from the Window Sheets (114323 $4.95). Pinch some Mica Flakes into the middle on top of the snowflake. Peel off the paper on the frame and place the window sheet over it.
Buttoned Wrap Scarf
A property located within 60 metres of the glyph site existed from around 1929 , the owner was E.F Gilford who was so fascinated with the local Aboriginal carvings , that he wrote an article for the local newspaper in 1931.
I thought it was funny that the editor thought that John's names were a little weird, given my post a couple of weeks ago, about names. I've read a couple of John's books, and I don't remember the names being that strange or different. Maybe the editor was having a bad day.
Our local grocery stores are GREAT when it comes to organic produce and slow food options, but not so much in the gluten-free crunchy department. And I need crunch because of her occupational therapy. Mashed potatoes and rice just aren't cutting it; and raw fruits and veggies are still too difficult for little miss Squirt. Or so says our Awesome OT. Which means I lug Squirt and myself to a well-known natural/ organic market several times a month. Most people call the store Whole Foods, but after hearing a friend make a too-true quip, Tonggu House has now dubbed the place Whole Paycheck.
I had the pleasure of spending the morning with Attorney General JB Van Hollen, Secretary of State Doug LaFollette and Tia Nelson, the Executive Director of the Board of Commissioners of Public Lands to announce $32.5 million from the Common School Fund will be distributed to every school district in the state! That’s $26 per child!
TO RUEHC/SECSTATE WASHDC 9757
After all, strange people you don't know and who have a different culture than yours could be a threat, could want to invade, enslave or enforce ridiculous new neighborhood CC&R's. So is Xenophobia warranted?
and a season for every activity under heaven:
It was the first time Ben really got to spend time with them without the whole crew around, and they had him wrapped around their finger.
Article 144
Baghdad
