We've had a couple of sunny days this weekend, which means I just had to go for a walk. With camera and cats. These photos are from last Friday. Already when I got up high enough to spot a glimpse of the sea, I could see it was a beautiful medium-to-dark blue. A shade that made it -- in lack of better words -- visible. Many times you can't see a definite line between sea and sky before you get a clear view. Not so so this time because this was a strong, but at the same time subtle and calm, blue shade. One of those shades that are pretty hard to capture with a camera without the rest of the landscape going a dark or weird tone. (In other words, bluer than it might appear in my amateur photos.)
I already have lots of turquoise, and some of my furniture is red............hmmm. A definite possibility for next year....
With his former Oakland High catcher, Bill Raimondi, behind the plate, Lee Gum Hong took the mound in the first inning. His supporters in the crown not only voiced their approval vocally but with a liberal supply of firecrackers, the traditional Chinese method of celebration. Hong quickly gave up an unearned run through a fielding error and a hit but got out of the inning without any further damage. Nushida was hit hard from the start and by the second inning the Oaks scored 3 runs. The little pitcher showed signs of tiring and after having the satisfaction of striking out Hong was sent to the showers after 4 1/3 innings. All told Nushida gave up 3 hits, 3 runs, 3 walks and struck out 2.
3 magnifying
Makes 10 litres
Gotta run. We are under yet another tornado warning. This has been the wettest spring since God tried to drown the world. Maybe those Rapture peeps are on to something? Mayhap the End of Days is more of a progressive-type thing, rather than a flip-of-the-switch thing? I need to befriend someone with a big boat.
And now, take it away, Michael!
Then one of the other contestants turns up dead... quickly followed by another. Can Celaena figure out who the killer is before she becomes a victim? As the young assassin investigates, her search leads her to discover a greater destiny than she could possibly have imagined.
However, the first-pleaded design—‘The shape of the carton in assembled form’—was ‘a different matter’. To declare this commonplace would ‘deny packaging designers any design right at all’, and would completely fail to recognize the skill they employ in their work. Accordingly, UDR subsisted in the particular combination of elements making up the design of the entire carton.
Eyebrows shape… Always hairy and natural! I never really shaped mine, and they are almost as voluminous as Bambi! Well, to be honest, they are much more reasonable.
Why can dream,
budget sum when health
“For sure, we’re speaking with everybody. Sebring is an ILMC event, so this is proof. We will confirm the overseas event when we’re in the position to say something. I cannot say more.”
And I am learning what it means to abide, even in the midst of chaos.
Chinese decorative arts are revered in the West. From Willow pattern dinner plates to the Brighton Pavilion, their designs are regarded as beautiful and sophisticated. But for the past two centuries European composers and musicians have had no qualms about mercilessly parodying what they thought of as 'Chinese tunes'.
I am a baker.
The first of the Bowland Champs races saw 18 out representing the club, with a grand total of 4 women no less. Not only were the vests all sparkly (i.e impossible to miss) in the intermittent sunshine they were a force to be reckoned with too. Pendle is 7.2km with 457m of climb or in old money 4.5m with 1499ft of climbing and this year also hosting the Lancashire Championships. A mass start at Barley, where parking was certainly ‘inventive’ of almost 260 runners saw a blur of colour streaming up passed the village hall as the claxon sounded. The race is fairly straightforward in route, a big lollipop of fell, 2 ups, 2 downs with the same stretch of tarmac either end. The going was good and the with dry ground underfoot making for fast conditions – well, for some!
Other countries with high life expectancies include Sweden and Finland. “Historically, these countries had an ethic of having more of a nationalised health care system,” says Kate Schecter, a programme officer for the American International Health Alliance. “There’s this mentality that health care should be a given right for citizens.”
We are two days away from Christmas eve, and I am looking forward to switching off must-do-contacts and concentrate on family and friends.
pain from thy hand and pluck it.
Lots of weekend news from here, too, but I have to run. More later!
leftovers on a crazy night.
"Prince is quite happy to discuss the prices of his exotic acquisitions, revealing that he recently paid “a little bit over $100 grand” for the only known first edition of Hammett’s The Glass Key in a dust jacket. Then there was the copy of Philip K. Dick’s 1968 novel, Do Androids Dream of Electric Sheep?, inscribed to Dick’s fellow science-fiction writer Tim Powers. “I paid $150,000 for that,” says Prince. “I was more than happy to pony up—it’s an important book for me.”"
Product: This is an oil free gel that’s intended to be a spot treatment for pimples. It is for oily skin beauties but I can’t see why dry skin lovelies can’t use this as well. The aloe vera has moisturizing effects and when I use this my skin isn’t completely dried out. The sales associates at Lush rave about this all the time and they swear by it. I don’t actually swear by this as a spot treatment. I think it helps with time, like most skin care products but I don’t think it’s a miracle healer. I had a horrendous, painful pimple on my chin last week and I put this on for a few days. This didn’t make it go away any faster but it did soothe the pain a bit. I think because of the tea tree. So it’s definitely more soothing than it is a zit zapper in my opinion. I have better spot treatments to make the pimple go away faster BUT one thing I’ve noticed and love about this product is that is helps fade the scars that acne can leave behind with the help of aloe vera, witch hazel and grape juice (which is high in vitamin C which is a natural exfoliator). Whether you pick at it or not, the aftermath of a pimple is usually discoloration where the pimple was and if I do get the urge and start squeezing and picking I put this on and it heals it. It is not a fade gel whatsoever but I don’t notice a super dark mark when I use this. I don’t notice this working on older scars but it might. I just know this does help with fresh scarring. I also like this under my Cosmetic Warrior Fresh Face Mask. I put this all over my face first then apply my mask. Cosmetic Warrior alone is infused with tea tree to help get rid of acne and this adds extra boost, so I do see a bit of a difference in that my skin is more calm and the breakouts dry up a bit faster.
For Nietzsche I am my acts. There is no ‘me’ that is strong and chooses not to act in a manner of strength. For Nietzsche that which acts in the manner of strength is strong. That which does not, is not. He is not interested in ‘I could have but chose not to…’ For Nietzsche there is not some concept of restrained strength, (or any other restrained quality).
I was looking forward to this film based purely on the fact that it is directed by the bravest film maker around in Gasper Noe (Irreversible).
7) Is it the policy of the BN government to allow Ministers’ families to benefit from national projects?
The best brands of Irish stouts for home trade used to be about 1074 sp. gr., and the draught porters nearly 1060. These porters would correspond to the common ales of 1035 to 1045 sp. gr. of this country as being the beverage of the masses. The question suggests itself as to whether or not it was really too heavy for the climate. There is an exotic mildness in the climate of Ireland that beyond all cavil or doubt saps energy. Only those who have lived in the country for years know it. The climate is also extremely moist — some substance in the beverages seems desirable in a wet country. It is a knotty problem altogether, even for those who lived in the land. Let us leave it.
Close up on the image and Copic recipe:-) (NOTE: I try to share the colours as much as possible, thank you for your lovely comments about that - when I don't give the colours, it is either because there are too many, or because I am running very late LOL, don't hesitate to ask if you need information)
And for my non-Catholic readers, I wish you a lovely weekend, as well.
-Xena the warrior princess, so much to learn in that show I don't think I could list it all
Joys:
Addiction affects everyone - Not just the addict
Yes, Star Wars is more popular than Star Trek, at least when it comes to kids and toys. I don’t know if that’s just a characteristic of each property’s fandom as a whole, or what. I know it’s not a function of CBS being unwilling to provide licenses for such things, because some really fun stuff has come out over the past few years. That said, whenever any Star Trek merchandise is announced which brings with it anything approaching “whimsy,” hardcore fans seem to foam at the mouth, weeping and wailing at this latest assault on the Holy Trek. “How dare they sully the sanctity of Roddenberry’s vision” or some such dumbass thing.
For the lemon cake I used the lemon curd recipe in the preceding post. I definitely liked the lemon much better than the strawberry jam. Which one would you prefer?
Back when my mother went on her first diet, she just had to pick the right diet plan. Her choice was a low fat, low carb plan which she still remembers fondly. In my generation there are so many more choices: Organic and Fair-Trade; Local and Seasonal Foods; Natural vs. Processed foods, Grain and Grass fed meats, Endangered fish species, etc. The literature on the subject is almost overwhelming. Besides my own health, I also factor in the environmental impact of my foods.
Pearls - from my stash
And I was flabbergasted. I still am. When I finished the book I couldn’t understand why it wasn’t the kind of novel that was taught in high school… but then remembering my own miserable English education which put me off a number of classics for life, perhaps it’s a good thing that noir isn’t taken as seriously as Shakespeare or Hardy. I still think the opening paragraph is the greatest thing written in English:
The sun cannot compare to the glory of Your love
A couple of years ago, Frank and the girls and I loaded ourselves into a small sailboat and crossed the Gulf of Mexico. During hurricane season. My mother probably thought we had lost our ever-lovin’ minds. And, considering it was the year of Katrina, Rita, and Wilma, she just might have been right.
3. Louie Louie
I've found myself feeling terribly affectionate towards Autumn this year. The air is completely crisp all day long, with just a touch of faint sunshine warming the underlying chill. Assuming you're wearing a cute little sweater so as to not resent the bite in the air, I find it to be an incredibly friendly, invigorating season.
Continued reading of Exodus reveals that God had Moses in place for a reason.
“Nah, don't think so,” she'd say. “She was normal. Just miserable”
The woman gaped.
Norway
For each heartache, pain, and trial,
Such titles appear as interruptions to the flow of a longer poem reading like catch-phrases or shouted announcements as a result of their large, bold typeface, all-caps formatting or pop-up ads announcing what’s coming next on the network."
763 ***D-V/20/1978. “Titus Andronicus and the Rome of Shakespeare.” Basic Program Weekend Conference, The University of Chicago, Starved Rock State Park, Illinois. (Incorporated in Item B-3, above, pp. 29-61, 382-94 (1983).)
I have none of those skills and I even question my ability as a writer on a daily basis. Therefore, I have nothing but admiration for those that lead the way; the pathfinders of our community that are not only out there doing it, but are sharing their knowledge with the following tribe so that more of us can flourish. If I fail in my ambition to complete and publish at least one novel in my lifetime, I will at the very least be proud to have been part of such a wonderful community and to have watched it grow into something truly ground breaking.
“Do not judge others, and you will not be judged. Do not condemn others, or it will all come back against you. Forgive others, and you will be forgiven. Give, and you will receive. Your gift will return to you in full—pressed down, shaken together to make room for more, running over, and poured into your lap. The amount you give will determine the amount you get back.”
Now for a feature that there is approximately zero chance that I will keep up regularly: The Funny Rumble.
When one of the crew members looked up from where he was working and said “I like your shoes”, it may have seemed a an insignificant moment. I smiled and said I did too. Which made him laugh and respond with something like “I should hope so, since you probably bought them.” And of course, that made me launch into a rambling explanation of those times that you think you like something and so you buy it, but then you don’t actually like it and you’re stuck with it and everytime you see it it screams at you of your poor decision making skills and waste of money.
Ate it while I finished up in town. Then went home and ate supper with my hubby.
This is an odd card. It's a 2006 Bazooka Hank Blalock Stamp card. The thing is, it's not really a stamp. I sort of looks like a stamp. It's mostly blank on the back and no matter how much I lick it, it won't stick to anything.
Among the most promising drug prospects is tanezumab from Pfizer, which McMahon says is "the first drug in a long time to have originated from basic science identifying the biological problem and suggesting a therapy."
“I can’t take it anymore. Let’s go to a hotel”
It's probably more than coincidence that US hop freaks have chosen a word that means 'damp' to describe an extreme hop aroma that I associate with an eternally damp, lemon-impregnated dishcloth.
Occasionally, and gratifyingly, I receive comments on posts written a while ago - such was the case a few days ago when I found this personal reminiscence of Henry McIlhenny on a post from November 2010. Coincidentally, more or less, in one of those rare moments when focus didn't cause peripheral blindness, I had found pictures of Mr McIlhenny's Glenveagh Castle in County Donegal when I was in the library looking for something else.
She'd tell me: What you need to do, is do a load every day. And put it away as soon as it's done. That's what I do.
Thanks to everyone who visits my postcard challenge, I hope you enjoy reading of Turkey, as much as I have.I always read and appreciate your comments. I again look forward to our next destination where no doubt I will learn even more of another country. I continue to enjoy visiting you all, but I'm sorry if I don't leave a comment, mostly it is because I can't cope with the verification which thinks I'm a robot.
"Political correctness is a doctrine, fostered by a delusional, illogical minority, and rabidly promoted by an unscrupulous mainstream media, which holds forth the proposition that it is entirely possible to pick up a piece of shit by the clean end. "
Siri seemed a bit slow on the uptake."I don't know who your father is," she replied. "In fact, I don't know who you are."
You think I tell you stories to teach you lessons? the monster said. You think I have come walking out of time and earth itself to teach you a lesson in niceness?
when you came along i gave you everything
If you made it this far, than I guess I should tell you the real reason I work so much... you see, I just want to keep buying my wine!!! Without it, I don't know where'd I be...lol.. Oh, and I get to buy some liquor too..you know, to make some martini's on those extra special nights!!
And therein lies the dichotomy. Kosovo had practiced peaceful passive resistance against Serbian tyranny for 10 years, mindful of the bloody wars of neighbouring Croatia and Bosnia. But this strategy failed and seemed to be scornfully overlooked by the international community. It wasn’t until the KLA emerged in 1997 and began committing acts of terrorism against Serbian civilians as well as Serb forces, that anyone really sat up and took notice of the situation. An unfortunate lesson in the efficacy of violence.
He has two types of Specialized Hardrocks, the normal version (21 gears, v brakes, front suspension) and the Sport Disc version, which has 24 gears, disc brakes, front suspension with lock out - they are available in a variety of sizes 15"-19" The bikes cost £300 & £400 respectively when bought new, and he is happy to see them go to new homes for half that.
1/2 teaspoon salt
When did "walking while black" become a crime in Orlando, Florida?
Tomorrow we are going to take a short trip and we will be away from the computer, internet, iPods, cellphones and everything, so I’ll be back in a couple of days.
Such a long road
UPDATE II: The NRA-ILA released a statement urging members to contact their member of Congress regarding the Rehberg Amendment and the need to keep it in the appropriations bill.
Today Emerson had her very first manicure and pedicure:) She is a flower girl tomorrow in a wedding and so of course we had to get our nails done:) She did amazing!! Such a big girl!! And she LOVED it!! Her nails are purple with sprinkles on it (her words).
Fortunately there is champagne, so I console myself with several glasses, two slices of coffee and walnut cake, three cup cakes, and a Devonshire split.
In this respect, I find myself a hesitant liberator. I remember reading about the great master Garry Winogrand, who died with some 300,000 unexposed frames. His legacy is a result of the same hesitance to “release” his images. Winogrand once said that to his students that they should put the exposed film aside until they completely forgotten what was shot on them, then look at them again, as if for the first time.
Again more cards for the CAS holiday challenge at SCS. Luckily some of these challenges fit perfect with cards that I can make to send to my soldier while he is away from us. And I am finally using some stamps that I have had for a long time without ever inking them up.
it brought a few tears as well, I’m alive
I'm bringing a new posting routine to the blog. This first month of the new year is about new routines in our home and I'm incorporating my little blog in that too. Right now I just post when I feel like it with no real rhyme or reason and I feel like the blog is boring and directionless. So for right now I'm going to assign each day a subject to post about. It's going to look something like the following:
This is not uncommon.
3) Enter the ship. You can chat with the sailors for more background talk, but if you want to cut to the chase, go south till you see the ship's steering wheel. Right above it is the door to the boss fight (you can't see it, just walk towards it). Enter the door, go down, and you'll start overhearing a conversation of how the first mate and captain plan to kill their crew to split all the money they scammed posing as a captain for trade ships and such. You then get to mess things up by making noise and they go fight ya.
And Heaven is the weight of her in my arms
Now I love Paulaner beers so I was rather excited about the prospects of this liter. But it was a disappointment. The menu said that the beer was "homebrewed", probably an awkward translation from Chinese which I took to mean brewed either on the premises (although I saw no evidence of such equipment) or at least in country. Whatever it meant, the result was disappointing. The beer did not taste fresh. The characteristic malt profile of a German beer was entirely missing and the hop character was out of balance, with a sort of "edge" to it that made the drink rather unpleasant. And it was darn expensive to boot.
The winning entry will be used as the first line of my next book and the writer's name will be used for one of the lead characters in the story. The winner will also receive an autographed copy of the book.
How do we respond? What should the church do? How can we alter community perceptions of our role and function?
and flutter near the glassed-in bulb,
Done and done.
Her success rate opposite his abnormally low success rate raises the question of was she ever really infertile? Or did she just want to produce them efficiently as possible?
Set a wok or frying pan over high heat. Add 1/2 tbsp of the oil. When the oil is hot and you can see a little smoke rising up, add the pork with the juices and the ham. Cook over high heat, stirring continuously, for 2 minutes. Remove the meat to a plate.
The plot of The Avengers is pretty simple – the individual heroes need to be brought together to fight a common enemy. Thor’s brother Loki is hell bent on proving himself and has designs on destroying Earth as we know it with a little help from his army. Nick Fury (Samuel L. Jackson) knows the only hope of containing Loki is to assemble a team of individuals with exceptional powers – the aforementioned characters as well as Black Widow (Scarlett Johansson – last seen in Iron Man 2) and Hawkeye (Jeremy Renner – last seen in a brief cameo in Thor). However, up to now these heroes have been on their own and most of them have never met each other. Can they be convinced to come together and will they be able to work with each other? And in the case of the Hulk, can he be controlled?
And gulp cold-throated rain
1/3 ice water, plus extra as needed
Sue x
in fur
I am always aware of who a product is geared towards and what people are talking about, even when they are on their cell phones on line at the airport. – Amanda Pekoe, May 5
Living, shall forfeit fair renown,
Roots show who we really are and our philosophy can be re-learned by those genuinely interested.
Fresh tomatoes are good and abudant this time of year, so if you have them, use them. You can experiment with canned during other times of the year.
So a fun pair of books. I hope you'll check them out. On the writing front, this week I got back to work on my trog and wizard story. During the holidays, I jumped in on a Word War with some of my writing friends online. I missed the first ten minutes because I'd forgotten about it, and my brain was starting off cold. But since I'd had some scene summary ideas jotted down for that story, I grabbed one and ran with it, writing about 850 words in 50 minutes, one of my best stints. So on Tuesday I picked up where I'd left off and added another 1250 words, though over the course of the morning rather than just an hour. Still a good day's work for me.
CONSUMER INSIGHT: Our audience is low-income, highly religious, easily persuaded, and most likely depressed. They watch Fox News and consider Miracle Whip a food group. They have probably been hit hard by the recession and are looking for excuses to sell their homes and Hummel figurine collections anyway. They do not watch the Daily Show. They watched the Simpsons once, in the dark, when their parents thought they were asleep.
Emma, you have a happy smile and the sweetest dimple! You think we are hilarious when we play peekaboo or make funny faces at you.
all sent into the world
4 tablespoons unsalted butter
There are moments when I hate Pandora. This is one of em.
Kevin Crossley-Holland is a poet, a librettist and translator from Anglo-Saxon, a reteller of myth, legend and folk-tale as well as a novelist. He won the Carnegie Medal for Storm and his Beowulf with Charles Keeping is a contemporary classic. He is author of The Penguin Book of Norse Myths and of British Folk Tales. His 'Arthur' trilogy has been translated into 25 languages and the first volume, The Seeing Stone, won the Guardian Children’s Fiction Award, a Smarties Prize and the Tir na n-Og award as well as being shortlisted for the Whitbread Children’s Book of the Year. He recently published his memoir of childhood The Hidden Roads.
On Tuesday Lubbe opened a case of armed robbery and attempted hijacking at the Norkem Park police.
6) Neon Trees- Habits
Guidozzi F, Ballot D, Rothberg AD. Human B19 parvovirus infection in an obstetric population: a prospective study determining fetal outcome. J Reprod Med 1994; 39: 36-38.
Here's something that Year 6 and I made, based on an Egyptian myth.
Quote of the Week
We could say, walk towards the light. This is a much better indicator of doing the right things than any head counting could be.
Batman doesn’t let anyone get close to him and I believe that is because he tries to protect others from getting hurt. He won’t let himself have the pleasure of a “normal” life. He’s a man on a mission, and his mission, although it feeds into something on a personal level for him, does good for society.
If not, you’re losing money to your competition.
Tonight I want to share my favorite body lotion with all off you. This is the Vanilla Body Lotion from The Body Shop. It is a lightweight body lotion that includes notes off vanilla, lemon, plum and jasmine blended together to create a sweet, warm and velvety vanilla fragrance. It also includes Babassu Oil and grape seed oil which moisturizes the skin and restores moisture and smoothness. Its a very light body lotion that quickly absorbs into the skin, leaving it feeling softer and smoother for hours.
2 entries.
I teach many Spanish managers English because their companies want to do business with the English speaking world. I have lost count of the students I have met at the English Villages where I volunteer who want to perfect their language skills before taking up a new position in the UK or the States – and I am horrified at the English and Americans who come to Spain for work and then think they can learn the language once they are here. (Before I get comments from those of you who say this is not you, I know many of you did learn Spanish before coming here, but you will know, as I do, there are many who didn’t.)
Baker said that there was no public discussion that indicated, as had been reported by Crain's New York Business, that the flagship Miss Brooklyn tower had been reduced and that on-site for-sale affordable co-ops had been added to the project.
To that I'd say several things:
In the meantime, Barack Obama's reelection campaign is attacking Mitt Romney's former position at Bain for....... ummmm..... Capitalism?
“Kuchi kuchi hota hai” are words that are certain to trail behind you, once you’ve been recognized as Indian, in the Island of the Gods, as the Balinese find India, synonymous with Shahrukh Khan. Be prepared to be called Raj if you’re a guy. Also be prepared to take away part of the Balinese love back home in the form of extra kilos. A copious quantity of it goes into the food that arrives on your plate. The seafood is unbelievably scrumptious with its juicy giant prawns satiated in dripping butter. They have all kinds of cuisine’s and restaurants on the island but the Balinese style of cooking with their own unique mix of herbs and spices is incredibly satisfying.
"Yah. Old fool love da roses.", she said.
In order to sum up how my week(s) have gone I'll share my embarrassing story with you. We had to describe the country we are going in Spanish. So I shared the capital, the weather and even what our housing SHOULD be like. I told the class that my family and I would be going and we were very excited. Now, I didn't know that word for excited to so I decided to google translate it. It offered many words to choose from but I chose the one that sound the most like excited because I thought it would be easier to remember. Well when I shared my paragraph with the class my teacher began to laugh. She quickly explained that the word I used for excited was a sexual reference and might not be nice to use in a public setting. YES, this is my life!
WHOOOOOOOOOOOOOOSHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH!!!!
...letting go of preconceptions makes things a lot more mysterious...beyond labels, stereotypes, and convenient boxes, each person you meet as wondrously and terrifyingly, inscrutably complex as the paradoxes of infinity....and this, of course, is precisely why we come up with all those labels, stereotypes, and boxes....it’s just a lot easier to check off white black liberal conservative Democrat Republican hipster Buddhist Christian yogi cynic or even yoga cynic than to try and fathom a cosmos...
Snowmen made out of Card Stock and cut into large shapes to form a puzzle
On this 4 x 6 photo of Josey playing basketball, I added a smaller square photo. I like that this shows her playing both defense and offense.
Greg also emphasized that teachers need to spend more time on mental math. If teachers do not teach mental math (or can’t do it themselves!), then they teach kids to rely on the visual. When we spend time on teaching kids to solve problems quickly in their heads, then they will develop strong mental math skills that are needed for higher, more complicated math.
For the upcoming post, I'll probably blog about baking of pineapple tarts or maybe photo editing tutorial? ^_^ Or maybe more about CNY. FOOOOOD PEOPLE! :D
It is entitled "This is Gallifrey" and "Vale Decem".
Right now is to respond in a grounded, nonreactive manner to what life deals us, and take nothing personally — god or bad.
I’d toddle safely home and die – in bed.
flavor the pan. So, heat a pan to medium heat with some extra virgin olive oil. Once heated, add the garlic. It will cook really fast, so just stir it a bit so it will flavor the oil and pan and then dump in the onions. Onions take longer to cook than some veggies so I always cook them first. I’m not a fan of crunchy onions in this type of food.
As we approach the freeway entrance, someone cuts along the right side of the cab and makes a left without stopping, he bangs on the horn and yells "You are fucking cowboy!!" then he turns to me and repeats for the sake of clarification, "Fucking cowboy!!". I notice that his turban is not on straight, I am surprised and curious, I always thought that they took great care when applying turbans. I have never noticed a crooked turban on anyone before, but it was early on a Monday morning so I suppose he could be forgiven.
The third name: "KING OF KINGS AND LORD OF LORDS" (Rev 19:16). This name is written on His robe and on His thigh – that is, on His robe where it covers His thigh. Don't forget, He is riding a white horse. So, right at eye level, horizontally across, so no one can miss it.
Alright, enough rambling crap about me!
Just climb it
Hard water is rather a problem in and around Bath. The easiest way to avoid needing to descale your kettle is to only fill it with filtered water (insert discussion of water filtration jugs, bottled water, etc). It also helps if you only ever fill the kettle with as much water as you need. The more times you reboil water, the more limescale that is going to be left behind (and it is a waste of energy as well). Failure to descale your kettle can result in the early demise of your kettle (they're not cheap), hard chewy bits in your tea (they're not bad for you), and your kettle having to use more energy to boil water (have you read your electrics bill lately). We tend to boil water for cooking in the kettle as well, since boiling the kettle is cheaper than heating it on the stove.
By New Year’s Day, Bachmann too had fell, it was a time, I remember oh so well…
Phew, that was a lot of numbers, it's been a bit hectic! I forsee April being a bit busy too, with a dinner party, then my friend's 30th birthday weekend, plus another lovely visit from my sister. And I think I'm going to finally make it to Ally Pally for the Big Stamp and Scrapbooking show too. Fun things to come!
Pineapples, 7 to 8 pcs
Aperture and shutter time both influence the picture in two different ways.
As an example, if you want to discuss C1 versus C3, please do so. But comments like “If you are going to carry C3 you might as well stay home in the basement with the other scared little girls” or “Anyone who carries C1 is a mall ninja and a danger to everyone around them” won’t make it to the light of day, at least not here. I don’t mind getting down and dirty in a fight as many folks on various forums can testify, but this isn’t the place for that.
Request No. 5
The largest prize – cheers, admiration, and a secretly mass-produced t-shirt with an image of your target on it – goes to soldiers who shoot pregnant women in their bellies. Because in shooting children, the soldiers have righteously saved their own nation from a future generation of “terrorists.”
For the redo of this house Edith worked together with local craftsmen as a team of painters, upholsterers and cabinetmakers.
R is for Rhubarb / A to Z Blogging Challenge
10 And Elisha said unto him, Go, say unto him, Thou mayest certainly recover: howbeit the LORD hath shewed me that he shall surely die.
We have been using it as a piece of furniture in our bedroom. The couple wasn’t sure if the machine worked, so “searching out the matter” was not high on my to do list. How would I have known what to look for anyway?
*Be sure to drain the salsa with a slotted spoon before putting it onto the quesadilla, otherwise it will be too wet.
After countless hours, allow me to introduce you to the seductress Elvira, the vampire with the mostest succulent melons.
6And the men of Gibeon sent to Joshua to the tent-circle at Gilgal, saying, Be not slow to send help to your servants; come up quickly to our support and keep us safe: for all the kings of the Amorites from the hill-country have come together against us.
What would our founders say if they could see us now? Americans like to believe that the rest of the world looks up to us, but the truth is that the rest of the world is laughing at us. It may be very difficult for us to admit, but the reality is that America has become a nation of slobs. And I am not just talking about being overweight. Today, Americans are physical, mental, emotional, moral, financial and political slobs. We are addicted to entertainment, we are addicted to shopping, we are addicted to food, we are addicted to prescription drugs, and we are addicted to anything else that gives us the pleasure that we crave. We allow our televisions to do our thinking for us and our families are falling apart. Our lives center around pleasing ourselves, and we have become one of the most narcissistic societies in the history of the world. We are like a middle-aged man that has totally let himself go. You know the guy who shows up for an important event in sandals, sweatpants and a stained t-shirt? That is us. We are only a shadow of what we once were as a nation, and we desperately need to change course.
I would buy one or two wood bangles at a time and decorate them. But, as my company and customer base grew I knew it was imperative that I start to buy wholesale unfinished wood bangles and the minute I did, I cut costs drastically.
We hope you will stop by the Cafe and enjoy a "cup of creativity" with us. We have a very special guest this week that you do not want to miss! Happy stamping!
The following topics are covered in this course module:
I’m still learning everyday. I’m still trying to figure what to do next. There are paths that I want to explore in the future. I’m not sure how I could obtain my goals. The only thing that I can assure you is that no matter what happen, I will still cling to God’s will in my life. I’ve travelled both bumpy and smooth roads in my life and from what I’ve seen, I only pass through the smooth roads when I allow God to take control.
(sparc) 4.0,REV=12.06.2003.03.07
But material isn’t everything: after all, Streisand ditched the Great American Songbook (too bad for music listeners) and raided Laurel Canyon, the Brill Building and the Tin Pan Alley in the 1970s, creating a template for the pop diva that would be followed by the likes of Celine Dion, Whitney Houston, Bette Midler, Beyonce Knowles and Toni Braxton. She sold a ton of records and was everywhere, and possibly flirting with being cool (Lord knows she tried – just listen to her strained pot-smoking bit she trots out on her Live From the Forum record). And while she was convincing when she sang Laura Nyro and even Carole King, when she tried singing Joe Cocker and McCartney/Lennon, she sounded hopelessly out of her league. If you want proof, listen to her honking her way through David Bowie’s “Life on Mars.” Without a clear understanding of his cryptic lyrics, she barrels through, trying to emulate what she believes “pop” singers should sound like. Her rendition of “Space Captain” is equally head-scratching: her mannered phrasing, and near-operatic delivery completely crushes that spacey ballad. And if you want a good laugh, take a quick listen to her murder “With a Little Help From My Friends,” which she inexplicably turns into a rousing showbiz pop ballad.
Keep scrolling to see their gorgeous samples!!!!
What has passed our lips as food, O Lord,
I do question having the likes of Amy Tryon (not known for her humane treatment of horses) as a spokesperson, but I suppose they were going for any familiar faces they could get. It certainly doesn't diminish the effectiveness of this design - I highly recommend it, not just for girthy horses, but for difficult-to-fit horses, especially those with broad backs who usually have their girths cranked up in a attempt to keep the saddle in place. But I think it could benefit just about any horse. From what I've seen from experimenting with our own horses, they all seem freer and looser in their backs and shoulders, something I think we all strive for in our training, and are much more willing to stretch forward and down when allowed. I am looking forward to trying it over fences some day...
We are not to pray only when we feel like it, but to pray always with joy. It is a marvelous experience to start praying when you are in that dry zone, to stick with it, to talk to God, to focus and then feel the doldrums lift. God created us with emotions and He tells us how to experience joy. Today I have determined when I am at my computer writing, when I walk around the block later on, and when I prepare dinner I will pray continually and with joy.
The only solution to our current woes is to elect strong Jeffersonian leaders to public office in the mold of Grover Cleveland. My book, The Last Jeffersonian: Grover Cleveland and the Path to Restoring the Republic, examines this great statesman and offers solutions to our current woes.
Preheat the oven to 400 degrees. Put the potato slices into a large pot of cold water. There should be just enough water to cover the potatoes. Bring the water to a boil and add the salt. Cook the potatoes for about 5-8 minutes or until they are just shy of fork-tender. They should be cooked about 75% of the way.
I'm not sure of the shadow colors in this one yet, and some of the spots haven't been added or their placement still eludes me. Now that some of the shoes are looking a lot more solid, it's easier to see what the result will look like. Tomorrow I hope I can get the background slapped on.
The first team travelled to Notts County for a hard fought goaless draw. Tuncay seemed to have a good game and even Beattie came on as a second half sub.
I promise that the entire ensemble was pressed before work. Of course, it wrinkled as soon as I sat down.
The World is fast erupting into merciless violence. Few of us gets surprised about riots in the streets. Every minute, somewhere on Earth “peace activists” and Police battling it out. Some still pay attention when the media reports on fresh mass murders or slaughter of innocent children.
Mr Tsvangirai is not weak enough to have to accept this poisoned chalice.
We stopped by McDonald's first....I know, we're naughty. I was craving a cheeseburger, though! We got there, we got settled, Finn watched Wiggles, our nurse-neighbor Ellen visited us, we called family, worked out a plan for who was going to watch Finn until my Mom got there. It was afternoon when Dr. came to check on me. My contractions had been consistent. She checked me and I was only at a 2....she thought that perhaps breaking my water would help things along. I didn't know what I was doing so I let her do it. When she did it the baby decelled big time. She looked wide eyed at my nurse and said, "Is that Mom or Baby?!" That momented is burned in my memory...I was scared to death. It had hurt so incredibly bad and now my baby was in trouble?! Thankfully the baby evened out and my Dr. assured me we'd be having this baby soon.
And then there's the biggest thing that appears in this section for me: betrayal. This is such a major thematic element already, between Reen's words and actions, and whispers of Kelsier's former imprisonment. All the warnings. It makes me want to keep my eye on every single character, wondering which one of them, in the end, is going to be the major betrayer.
Did I enjoy this series? The answer is: Yes. I am entertained by anything where actors and actresses dress in period costumes. However, I found myself skimming through this movie. A lot. This movie was comprised of sex scenes, one after the next. So there was little to no character/relationship development. I felt no sympathy towards the characters—except Mr. H. The storyline was unengaging. It all comes down to this: Fanny Hill is a trashy romance.
Few states have offered the class warriors of Occupy Wall Street more enthusiastic support than California has. Before they overstayed their welcome and police began dispersing their camps, the Occupiers won official endorsements from city councils and mayors in Los Angeles, San Francisco, Oakland, Richmond, Irvine, Santa Rosa, and Santa Ana. Such is the extent to which modern-day “progressives” control the state’s politics.
When you use to be aside,
Hollie and Jessica, meanwhile, teamed up to sing “Eternal Flame” by The Bangles. These are two powerful voices joining forces and they did an excellent job… The judges were divided with Randy said that was a little strange for him…the range was weird…However, J.Lo didn’t think it was bad and said both have sweetness and power on their voices. Steven said, “You didn’t sing it like the guys, but you’ve turned into our favorite swingers.”
As many of my readers now know I have came out of the closet and admitted I was Agnostic. Many people didn’t quite know what to think or even know what an Agnostic person believed in. Agnosticism is not a religion- it is more of a philosophy of life. An agnostic is a skeptic, or someone who constantly questions all bases of human knowledge. Agnostics believe that keeping an open mind (especially in matters such as faith) is essential because humans have limited understanding of the workings of the universe. Simply put an Agnostic is someone who doesn’t know if God exists and that is me.
1223. Mundy’s After Show Frittata Sandwich @ The House (Brigatine, NJ) 3:12 a.m.
“Agreed,” replied the friend who added that geography, lifestyle, age and melanin levels should be mandatory benchmarks with which to gauge one’s pigment risk level.
A Delhi-based lawyer claimed on Twitter to have known the details about the alleged CD. Her tweets hinted that the Congress leader had consensual sex with a lady lawyer who is in her mid 40s.
But up-rushing energy, especially at this year’s velocity, can be unsettling. The usual and gentle shift from winter to spring eluded us; we’ve been jolted awake by light, and heat, and wind, and bells. The viriditas rose from zero to 1000, like someone bludgeoning the high striker at a state fair: BANG, the puck flew up and hit the bell in one stroke.
mad-gatenāntar-ātmanā
Here are 2 scrapbook pages that I made with the products in new ways:
Some restaurants have that "C" feel to them and some don't.
where blackbirds strut and stab.
But, our style and the colors that fill up our home have changed so much in the past four years.
Michael also pointed out that a lot of Hollywood actors are really–short in person. “Sylvester Stallone? You should have seen him at the podium. The guy’s practically a midget!! Jeremy Renner was there–on the short side, too. Tom Cruise–yeah, I saw him a few years ago and he is–tiny. Remember The Last Samurai? There’s a tracking shot where he’s actually walking on these boxes, plus the angle of the camera makes the man walking next to him seem much shorter than he is . . .”
And so, I sit with my children, every so often, and we read a chapter, or maybe just part of a chapter, and we have all been fascinated by the facts, and we are truly appreciating the magic of reality. Where do we come from? That's an earthquake? Who was the first human? These and more questions answered. Go, Richard, go. Oh, and by the way, the illustrations are fantastic as well. It is an all around good book.
Yet fond reflections sometimes wistful sail
The seasons flow in Ohio a little earlier than they do here in Connecticut, so it’s always fun to see the coming attractions on Tracy’s blog. She calls herself an “amateur” photographer, but the life and spirit she captures with her lens are extraordinary!
* Accent possibilities (string, twine, pins)
sometimes it's very clear to me that he needs a release but he's not getting there on his own – instead he's at that low boil of discontent and frustration. with. everything.
The report is of interest because it comes directly from the tobacco industry, whose campaign of doubt regarding smoking and lung cancer in the twentieth century has been well documented. There is, then, good reason to treat what they say with scepticism. And on the opposing side, we have an anti-tobacco industry with a dreadful record of using misleading data and junk science in the twenty-first century. Each side have obvious partisan interests—one is financial, the other is ideological.
Set a timer so you don’t forget to put the second load in. The timer is also necessary for clothes that are drying. Whether they are in an electric dryer or hanging on the line, we want to fold them as soon as possible to prevent wrinkles. And besides that—fresh laundry smells incredible!
If you’re looking for a new exclusive look, then I highly recommended Shop Guilty Pleasure for your shopping needs. I’m sure you won’t be disappointed. If you need to place an order, contact them at 7573101950
To this day, nearly forty years later, some folks look down on what we’ve come to call Tex-Mex cooking. “That’s not” they can be heard to sniff “real Mexican food.” Well, they have a point. Tex-Mex is not Mexican per se. Kennedy was right. The food you find in restaurants and homes throughout Texas and at “Mexican” joints in the Southwest and Midwest is sometimes nothing like what’s eaten in Oaxaca, the Yucatan Peninsula, or Michoacán. This is not news — but it doesn’t stop the supercilious regard some hold for a sizzling plate of fajitas.
Roast Beef
Yet she wouldn't shut up. And the teacher was too nice to cut her off.
» Officers stepping on patrons’ backs;
I made the 2 big snowflakes with my Cricut Expressions (Winter Woodland cartridge) and finished them with a thick layer of Crystal glitter, rhinestones and a flower center from Prima Marketing. The smaller pearl snowflakes are from Hobby Lobby. I also cut the swirls with my Cricut Expressions (Sweethearts cartridge).
Here is an excerpt from the front inside jacket:
"All children, except one, grow up. They soon know that they will grow up, and the way Wendy knew was this. One day when she was two years old she was playing in a garden, and she plucked another flower and ran with it to her mother. I suppose she must have looked rather delightful, for Mrs Darling put her hand to her heart and cried, ‘Oh, why can’t you remain like this for ever!’ This was all that passed between them on the subject, but henceforth Wendy knew that she must grow up. You always know after you are two. Two is the beginning of the end."
I know my photography has a lot to be desired. How can I not admit this fact with the proof on my blog!
Seriously punks, stop making the rest of us look bad. New York is safe for another day, nothing is going to happen. Go back to work, stop worrying about your dam buildings collapsing. There's more important shit to worry about up here. To Virginia, I hope you guys are ok. I wouldn't know because all the news here is about New York and our terror.
Colouring: Polychromos
Once in a while, I give bag fulls of 'free stuff' away to charity. Will they use it? - I doubt it.
Lead counsel for the inquiry, Robert Jay QC, asked her about the frequency of text contacts between the two when she was head of News International.
Lines on the horizon are shaking reminiscing the crust-embryo of the ancient matter
Emma is quite a complex character, she’s struggling to fit in with her eccentric and also over-achieving family. All she wanted was one normal birthday with a cake and maybe a bouncy castle, but she got academics, reciting papers and drinking red wine. Her grades are average, nothing spectacular and the age gap and physical distance between herself and her siblings means they are not especially close. Emma is prickly and very sensitive, she’s demanding and also quite a bit selfish. She wastes no time calling Peter when her roadtrip goes a bit wrong – but not because she really wants him along. She doesn’t really like him all that much, she’s more tolerated him for the past 8 or so years. She calls him because he’s a way for her not to get caught or have to go home. She shows little interest in his life, bored by the stops he wants to take along the way and often derisive of his interest in maps or in the battle grounds (such as Gettysburg) that he wants to see. She also knows that Peter has a bit of a crush on him (she states in the novel she probably knew before he did) which makes her squirm inside. Ultimately she’s not very nice to him for a large part of the book (she does have her moments of humanity) but she’s mostly quite self-absorbed. It did make her turn-around at the end of the book feel very rushed and abrupt!
“Wages not going up.
"What was his name?" I asked.
This list of Adult Truths can be enlarged - just click! I thought a lot of them were quite funny and true! It has been shared over 30,000 times on Facebook, so I wouldn't be surprised if you had seen it already. I still had to share!
I also started hanging some more of my existing work. Why not? I've got nothing to be ashamed of. I like my work even if other people don't.
2. Lightly oil a large bowl, place the dough in the bowl and turn to coat with oil. Cover with a damp cloth and let rise in a warm place until doubled in volume, about 20 minutes.
Forever to be known as “Stinky”, Russ had previously challenged my good self to a drinking competition. This was it WALES V ENGLAND at the bar I couldn’t let my country down! We were soon joined by Brian Mahony and the rest of the crowd and after a nice meal the drinking match began. Ending with Russell slurring and accusing me of drinking “nats piss” while he drank snakebite. Russ this was YOUR weapon of choice mate and the results were witnessed by all for the record!
My next chapter is about my children when they were small. I remember one incident when God was watching over us. We decided to take a walk one day, a very long walk, you can read about the details in my book, Journey to a Better Land, It was a very hot August day and my children were little. I remember how thirsty they were and I forgot to bring water with me. We still had a very long way to go before reaching our destination and I knew that this thirst problem with my boys could turn out disastrous. you know what I mean if you ever had little ones thinking they are in a bad situation:).
He proposes the multiverse, not just man (collective unconsciousness) or Earth (Gaia Hypothesis), is in fact a massive holographic data network distributing quanta information throught the D3brane multiverse via small dimensional string hubs. Currently, quantum mechanics M-theory proposes the universe is a D3 brane to which nearly all particles are tied by one end of their quantum “string”. These strings are akin to musical notes that vibrate in a defining fashion due to influences of minute dimensional hubs. It is theorized that these strings define the nature and type of every type of wave-particle in existence. Gravitons are thought to be closed loop strings drifting between eleven or so proposed dimensions. The DU concept proposes that there exists a distributive unconsciousness holographic data field connecting everything together in our holographic universe. This data, yet to be defined, moved instantaneously, something akin the recall of a memory, thought or ideas.
What is it? Before I attempt to answer, two points: (a) it is not a secret, and (b) if it was easy, Jobs’s competitors would have done it – but they didn’t. Let’s look at some case studies from the book in chronological order.
6:20: He calls it the “enthusiasm cycle”, I call it anabolic steroid addiction.
On a certain occasion, after His resurrection, Our Lord
I recently treated the Missus and myself to an overnight getaway at the hotel. I know, it sounds odd to take a mini-break in the city in which you live, but when you have a 16-month-old otherwise taking up your every waking moment, five uninterrupted minutes with your spouse huddled under a freeway overpass would be a luxury.
When visitors talk about Annecy, they are often referring to Vielle Ville, the old town, with its many churches, canals, and narrow, winding streets. And one of the most well known streets is Rue Ste. Claire, the main street of old town.
Contracting: Contractors are no longer independent entities. They will be seen as extensions of the firm. Organizations will need to understand their competencies, value-alignment, reputation and other intangible attributes. With social media, association will become more transparent, so managing the relationship between a firm and its contractors may involve public relations and legal, as BP recently discovered with Transocean, its platform operator during the Gulf of Mexico oil spill.
Bathing products – Baby Aveeno wash & Johnson baby oil
This is my first post regarding readings in my COMM 506 course instructed by Kate Milberry. Tomorrow’s class will be covering Chapter 4 in Understanding Social Networks: Theories, Concepts, and Findings (2012) by Charles Kadushin.
Sadness, I'm sure you can grasp. But relieve..? That night when you told me you were so tired with this whole thing.. I couldn't really understand. I was a little drunk that night but I remember most of what you said. The next day however, though I was crying most of the day, I felt this incredible weight lifted off my shoulders. Is that a bad thing? I mean I didn't realize how much I was pushing myself for us.. didn't realize how tired I was also. I didn't want to loose you.... but I was weirdly grateful for the breather. The time to re-think my priorities. What was it I really wanted?
And she's always felt overweight
I have interviewed a number of people with a migration background for my project, and I have wondered where they find themselves on this adaptation spectrum. Are they fully adapted to Germany? Or does their heart still long for another home? And if they are adapted and find their home here, does that mean that they are actually “integrated” by government standards?
I stared at him, eyes wide, pooling with tears, terrified of my response, of his reaction. “I don’t think I can, Grayson.”
And on page 34, specifically, they describe a horrific terrorist attack which will claim the lives of 13,000 people at the Summer Olympics in London. The report reads:
I recently attended a training course on how to use their expenses program. It took about an hour of my time and a quarter of my soul to realise that never in a million years would any one of us present in that room be able to use this tool in an efficient and time productive way.
Government mandates that insurance companies provide certain “free” products (like contraceptives) and services ultimately result in unnecessarily higher costs for such products and services. For one, as already mentioned the insurance company becomes an unnecessary middle entity which raises premiums to cover its costs and make a small profit for providing the “free” products and services — it would cost less to buy those products and services directly, if possible (as is certainly the case for contraceptives). Secondly, basic economics says that a reduced price will result in more demand — consequently, there will be more demand for “free” contraceptives. The problem is that the cost of supplying those contraceptives hasn’t decreased — instead, the costs are obfuscated from the recipients of the contraceptives and spread to all the insured (whether they want contraceptives or not). The added demand for contraceptives will therefore result in an increase in the overall cost of contraceptives. Considering one of the selling points of the Patient Neglect and Unaffordable Care Act was to “bend the cost curve down”, the “free” contraceptives mandate is a particularly dumb way to attempt to reduce overall health care costs.
It’s been said that “diplomacy consists of telling the other guy to go to Hell in such a way that he looks forward to the trip.” Rattling sabers and issuing ultimata may sound great, but it’s ultimately counter-productive in situations like the one Mali faces now. If ECOWAS leaders truly seek a diplomatic solution to Mali’s current political mess, they need to tone down the rhetoric and give Captain Sanogo and his men a face-saving way out.
These services are bundled into the project’s cost and are repaid through the dollar savings generated. For more information on ESCOs, visit http://www.naesco.org/resources/esco.htm.
We haven't seen much police hardware in the pictures so far, and the "thin green lines" of police are just that … thin. So far – apart from the rash of burning Sunday week last - the police seem to be keeping control, even without pulling the heavy gear.
“This is sick,” I whispered.
she was my lifesaver that night.
No, no. There's a joke, not too crude, about the two tramps sitting under a hedge in the rain. One says to the other, "Would you rather make love to a woman or think about making love to a woman?" The other tramp thinks for quite a long time and then finally says, "I think I'd rather think about making love to a woman." And the first tramp says, "Why?" "Well, I tend to get a better class of woman that way!"
Happy Hump Day! In addition to the letter X this week, the girls are also learning about flowers in school this week.
And of course, every good “Top Picks” lists needs a counter-point. Just like Sands in Once Upon A Time In Mexico, you have to keep the balance, sometimes by pulling the trigger. For this purpose, I am proud to introduce my partner in crime, Mr. Clyde, and his blog Bottom Feeding Film. He has taken on the formidable task to watch the worst 100 cinematic productions that ever had the misfortune to be produced, as voted by IMDb users. In case things get to heavy (read: dull) here, Bottom Feeding film will provide reprieve with humour, wit, and a running Boob Count.
I have a friend who is going through some hard stuff. I've never met her face to face, but I've known her through the internet for more than 4 years. She reads my blog - I won't name her by name, but she knows who she is - and I hope she's okay with me writing about her here. If not, she can let me know and I'll take this post down.
I will not share all the details of each course. Suffice it to say we enjoyed every morsel. I believe the unanimous favorite was the linguine with garum and olive sauce. Garum is a fish sauce made in Cetara where we are going tomorrow. Read the post!
Scrapbooking is out (although I still have boxes of supplies) and photobooks are seriously the new way to go. This took me about 90 minutes to put together, but judging by the other photobooks I have made, it is time well invested. These make such nice gifts as well as a nice way to capture your own memories. The thing I love best about these is that they are so compact compared to keeping boxes of photos or huge scrapbook albums. Sorry I was not able to show you pics of the real photobook, I had it directly shipped to the bride. (I have issues with going to the post office, when she visited she finally got her birthday present that I’ve had since October. Horrible I know…)
use in a family-oriented publication. But they
Pick up a fruit leather round, and using your thumbs and forefingers, press the sides of the round together towards the center of the circle. You’ll end up with a shape resembling a ruffled “x”. Just be sure to press towards the center of the circle, so that you don’t close the “x” entirely. The open loops are what give the puff it’s shape.
The above techniques are called "Acquisition Hard" and "Stochastic Presentation," and are two creation ingenious difficulty finding techniques. There are wads many. Study your intelligence to habitually use these, and support it with a emotional assistance, and you real can increment your creativeness.
They’re not very sweet and the ginger flavor really comes through, almost a bit too strong for me. I think I prefer my ginger cooked into foods like in curries and casseroles. I’ve never really liked sweet things with ginger in them such as gingerbread men or gingersnap cookies. Feel free to adjust the spices to your liking.
Don Quixote Volney stands by his comments….he says the media too slack…and he have all the information at hand to make the claims he making…..Kamla, all yuh really know how to pick them, oui!
Tongkat Ali has been found to inhibit anti-lung and breastCancer properties. As a result of which much research has been done to find out the extent to which he has to help in the fight against these tumors.
Instead, I killed a tree and spent $20 on what amounts to primarily a mostly unreadable documentation of incessant ear infections, repeated colds and timely vaccinations.
April for a special price (2 CDs for the price of one).
There were some questions about using Twitter to market yourself, but really, the best way to market yourself is to NOT actively market yourself, if that makes sense. Or at least not to look like you are. It's not interesting to follow people who tweet about their own book (or themselves in general) over and over, but users who have a lot of followers are those who interact with others and are funny, helpful, supportive, entertaining, or otherwise interesting. For users who tweet about all kinds of stuff and interact with their followers, I celebrate with them when they tweet, "Hey, I just got a book deal!" because I feel like I already know them. And I'll probably look for that book when it comes out. I'll give a couple popular authors on Twitter as examples (please share your favorites in the comments--there are so many great authors on Twitter.
Preparing for WTM2011 (the World Travel Market - held every November at ExCel,4 days of manic activity promoting Ras Mbisi and Mafia)
Anyway I found myself being entrained by siwon today via twitter. Perfect thing to forget about a headache laugh at crazy people not that he was crazy, but some comments were. They all wonder why he was being extra flirty on her twitter. If he had found one on there that he liked. Lol I just think he was bored and wanted to act all flirty. Everyone does it for no reason ok I should say I have done it with my girlfriends. Mostly starts with comments about beasts songs. Lmao when I put lol or lmao I am actually do that. Today anyway.
To get in the required stretching, I’ll be mixing in some yoga, static and dynamic stretching, and foam rolling on a daily basis. And while I stretch a little bit here and there at work, I won’t count those few minutes toward my daily quota.
IS/MT
And, sure enough, he heard the cries.....
The Good: Have readers who are adrenaline junkies? Who want books were things actually happen? Who have little patience for books about thoughts, and feelings, and emotions? Who don't want books that are all about lessons?
Let's start with picture books. The two pages of a picture book spread can be used as a single entity or as two. If you use them as a single entity, there is often text on only one side (if there is any text at all).
I can’t even say it
A sailboat for me
I used to get reeeally angry when I would mess something up in the kitchen. Like, fuming mad and wanting to strangle something angry. I think this blog has helped me in that area. I've had the opportunity to try a lot of new and different recipes and have experienced a lot more successes and a few more failures. I think I'm becoming a little more....well rounded in the kitchen, and more low key about the results.
9. Kazran gets a glimpse at his past, present and future - but not in the way you might expect.
recycled sari ribbon...
Loving this last picture.
Spring (May-ish) plus a 2nd flush of bloom (August-September-ish)
Week 9-@ Jacksonville Jaguars-1:00pm-November 4, 2012
The NAACP of Connecticut has concluded that red light cameras are not good for our cities, not good for Connecticut and not good for justice. We urge our legislators to reject them.
A body of England's, breathing English air,
Thing is, the Bond of these early books really isn't the unfeeling shagger of the movies. In Casino Royale he falls hard for Vesper; he finds in her something which has eluded him in previous relationships, to the extent that he's on the verge of proposing to her before her treachery is finally revealed. And it's the revelation of that treachery and the letter that Vesper writes to him that drives Bond to tears and causes him to utter that last line. As a consequence, we're left with the impression that Bond will henceforth be unfeeling, uncaring: a hater of women, even.
“Um… sorry… just…”
We set the spinnaker and started reaching back toward the finish. Again, we worked the Bainbridge Island shore to avoid the typical hole around University Point. We had a nice reach down Port Orchard with a good boost from the now ebbing current. I worked at keeping the boat sailing to it's target speeds. I have found recently, that when I go off my Polars, I get cranky and slow. Life is much better when I am on my Polars!
I was pretty excited to check out the new restaurant (and the first since 130 some odd years) at the Palais Garnier Opera House yesterday. It's been open since June 27th and for an establishment which (proclaimed from the rooftops by their PR people), combined cutting edge design by Odile Decq that "affirms the historic building's character" and a cuisine by two star Michelin chef Christophe Aribert, it wasn't that impressive. And even less at more than 100€ per head. The curtain of glass enveloping the front of the restaurant gave strangely distorted views of passing Asian tourist groups and the concentrate of traffic and pollution outside, however the the red-tinged interior with ho-hum furniture, a real let down for a supposed 6 million € investment did resemble the culinary character of the place, a sort of gastronomic equivalent of a Fiat Multipla (with all options). The menu is short. The portions are tiny. We were offered two, yes two! gougéres with our champagne (I was surprised they weren't doled out with white gloves and a pair of golden tweezers). The following "contemporary" smoked salmon with a mustard sorbet was ok, as was the trout, although as with the following Pata Negra pork chop (sprinkled with popcorn and with a honey sauce made from opera honey) , vastly overpriced. The oeufs a la neige in a red berry soup were ok as well. Just ok. When the server explained that they "opened too early" and that the chef "wasn't really in the kitchen, just a consultant" , it didn't really surprise. Clients all around were complaining about their bills. Noone seemed to be having a good time with phrases like "bof.." and "ho hum" being bandied about. The only ones who really seemed to enjoy it were the American tourists next to us being invited out by their French friends: eyes rolling in ecstacy, dribble running down their chin. What curiously deluded creatures!
visit Gasbuddytv.com for info commercial proposal, ROI and Investment Opportunities.
Yep. This one would definitely get the WTF stamp.
I close my eyes. Someone pours red-hot lava inside my head. I shudder and lie suspended between dark and light. An ache begins to numb my throbbing body. I move my hand to my neck. It’s been slit. A neat cut. Sharp and precise.
I did, however, manage to get my lazy butt out of bed to see The Raven yesterday. I was pleasantly surprised. It is not a cinematic masterpiece, but it was worth the money. Also, it was sufficiently gruesome. Later I rented A Dangerous Method. It was pretty good, too. I enjoyed the acting, which is saying something. I would recommend both.
So, in my inbox today, I got an email that was a collection of all the baby and child recalls this year. At first I thought it was a joke since there were literally millions of recalls. Apparently absolutely everything you’ve ever bought is dangerous, including sweatshirts (your kid might hang himself on the drawstring), foam board books (he might chew on them), and plastic fork and spoon sets (if your 6-year-old is using them, he could bite off a prong or two). Just about anything might cause your child to lose a finger, fall down, or choke. And if they do, you should sue the manufacturer for millions of dollars, because every accident is actually someone’s fault.
But at the end of the day? It's okay. It will take another year or two maybe, but what's a few years if you end up with a story you're proud of? Hey, If you sing loud enough, you won't hear yourself screaming.
First, make the white layer and keep in a bowl and set aside (do not refrigerate) until ready to use:
The attack on demonstrators outside the Egyptian defence ministry follows what has become a familiar pattern in recent months.
but I since he had the bun for “Lies”, I assume that people start calling him that because of the bun.
6.I Live Off You
"Life is a fashion show and the world is my runway", I remember hearing that crazy line somewhere. Anyhow, I was awarded the:from my gorgeous, fun, sweet, blog buddy Nikolett from Better Than Coffee. I haven't received an award in ages, and wow, I must say, it is definitely nice to receive one again. Thank you my dear Nikolett for the Stylish Blogger Award. With this award comes a few rules, I am to mention 7 random things about myself and pass this on to 7 other bloggers. So here goes my list:
4. Help to "pump" in nourishment and lubricates the discs to avoid drying, cracking and rupturing of discs.
THE “JOURNEYMAN PICTURES” DOCUMENTARY ON HALKSWORTH
I pursed my lips in a the shape of an O and pressed then against the hardened fleshy nub at the top of her pussy and drew it into my lips. I suckled it with love and desire. I drew on it as if it were the source of a mysterious ointment to heal my pain and the ache of sexual desire that was hanging and throbbing between my thighs.
There is a big huge world out there and I hope to see a great lot of it in my lifetime, but, for now, I'm content to know London.
The standard FTX-L 3G uses a wideband 1310nm laser, but Crystal Vision can alternatively provide narrowband CWDM lasers on request – allowing the broadcaster to get multiple signals through one fibre by using a different wavelength of light for each signal and saving them money and rack space. Most popular for long-haul applications, CWDM (coarse wave division multiplexing) allows many signals to be transmitted down a single fibre link by using a different wavelength of light for each signal. Therefore by fitting the appropriate CWDM lasers the engineer can take the output signals from multiple FTX-L 3G and combine them with signals from other sources down one fibre.
My reward for stopping in Adrian was a piece of the restaurant’s signature ugly crust chocolate pie. It came topped with ice cream. Thankfully my RV has a freezer, because it was enough for two desserts – and I wasn’t about to leave a bite of its scrumptiousness behind.
That is why the Lord says, “Turn to me now, while there is time. Give me your hearts.
I am grateful that she visits me in my dreams
240-235-6016
Clail
I originally created the lion over three years ago while making a baby album for my first grandson.
5. We are out of cash. One of the effects of the embargoes on Iran is that foreign bank cards don’t work. Visitors must bring cash for the duration of the stay. By rights we would have left the country by now. Ordinarily one might have organised a money transfer via Dubai for a large fee. Right now, however, Israel has threatened air strikes, the local currency is on a nosedive, and the government has stopped any and all international money traffic. It is impossible to transfer money in.
“In the meantime,” Brulee said, “you may go through the packs and find something suitable to eat for dinner. Not too much though. It is meant to last several days during our trip.” With that, the Draenei spun around quickly and walked off into the woods.
Next second:
This beer is astonishingly delicious, and - in complete contrast to all the swagger and posturing of the branding - it is also exquisitely delicate, elegant and refined. It actually tastes 'friendly'. I could almost feel the beer apologising for the unruly behaviour of it's own label.
The recent ruling by the CJEU in Luksan raises questions as to the conformity of French legislative provisions governing author-producer and performer-producer relationships in the context of movies and other audiovisual works.
To counter the perplexed look, I continue weaving my story. “Yeah, it’s when you take a dump in the top chamber of the toilet instead of the bowl. It’s disgusting…and so disrespectful. I know it seems too outrageous to be true. I don’t know, I guess he was mad about something and wanted to get back at someone. Either way though, it shouldn’t be tolerated I think. I mean it’s not up to me obviously, but imagine if it was a big shit. Luckily it was just a little one.”
DANG… they look good wherever they
If you don't have a diecutting machine, you can make these paper pieced "quilts" using purchased diecuts and stickers or you can use any applique pattern designed for fabric quilts. Just cut the pattern pieces from paper instead of fabric and adhere to a paper or cardstock background. (Note: depending on the applique pattern, you might have to reverse it first before tracing on your patterned paper.)
interval training, plyometrics, kick boxing, pilates, core strength, weight training and high-energy cardio, plus fit-tips and blogs on howe to succeed beyond your wildest dreams!
She wandered through town alone, there was no support around, a mother and father ran past her with their obviously dead daughter in their arms, screaming for help. There was none. Everyone else was trying to survive.
I see a lot of story potential in the concept of xenia. I'm wondering about the potential paradox entailed in the concept of a compulsory gift. If it isn't freely given, is it still a gift?
Ha! No really, it’s like that.
“Passengers on the ocean steamers caught a glimpse of him on their way up the channel and were impressed by the ponderosity of American institutions. They were bound to admire the majesty of his proportions just as they were compelled to express appreciation of the solemnity of his mien. It was not, however, to the plaudits of the better element that he chiefly appealed. He did not care much for the adulation of those who had tasted the civilization of European cities, or even of those who had become jaded with the excesses of our own metropolitan existence. What he especially reveled in was the gaze of the guileless, that of the inhabitants of our rural districts, who regarded him as the personification of all the virtues of city life.
Banteay Kdei means “A Citadel of Chambers” which is also known as “Citadel of Monks’. Banteay Kdei was built from middle of the 12th century to early 13th century. This temple conforms to the style of the Ta Prohm and Preah Khan temples but of a smaller size. It was built as a Buddhist monastic complex.
The Polar Express ... ABC Family ... 5 PM
I belong to the violent tribe of grown up masters of the world, who have the power over kids and who just demand, order, expect, boss around and manipulate in any way just in order to get their way. I am a member of the aggressive clan that they have learned to be very careful with and fight very hard to emotionally survive.
Judge # 3 -- Call the EPA. I've located a uranium spill. My nose feels
The missing piece of the puzzle is a way to generate light: the on-chip laser. Semiconductor lasers have been around for years and are widely used in telecommunications gear, laser printers, and DVD players. These lasers are similar to computer chips and they’re small, but not nearly small enough to be used as light sources for optical circuits built into computer chips. For that, you need to make microscopic lasers as part of the chip-making process.
Level 12: throw four times per round
Relinquishing control invites nothingness.
But I actually really like how they're turning out. Soon I'll have befores and afters of the never-seen-before twins room to show you. Black twin beds and all.
I'd just gone to live with my aunt and uncle for six months, who lived in the neigbouring town to the sixth form I was at. All my friends were changing, everyone was drifting apart and finding new groups, I felt adrift and for a while, quite alone.
Then I found Young House Love. By accident. I was Googling a home project when it came up. And I was hooked. I started following their blog - and searching for others to follow. I had no idea that these types of blogs were out there (yes, I live under a rock...). I started following a few and I was so inspired.
The train suddenly seemed to tip forward as if going down an incline that became steeper and steeper. For a terrible nausous moment it felt to Ben like the train was plummeting, vertically down. Looking out of the window he thought he could see all the houses and buildings flying upwards. Despite this his body felt normal. But the discrepancy between sight and sensation caused his dinner to rise in his stomach.
Teryl Rothery ... Mary Jones
I have never been in a fight in my life, but I have come close. For most of us, the prospect is slim unless we live in places where fights are common. For those people, I recommend How to Win a Fight: A Guide to Surviving Violence by Lawrence Kane and Kris Wilder ($17.00, Gotham Books, softcover) both of whom are veteran martial arts instructors. The lessons the book offers begin with knowing how to avoid violence. In the military, it’s called situational awareness, spotting trouble. Other lessons include how to stave off violence ranging from non-lethal to lethal force. There are self-defense tips and seven mistakes to avoid in a fight. I would recommend this book to everyone for its advice and the peace of mind that comes with it.
Near Liverpool lived Nancy
Right now it is almost dark, and the father is perched on the roof of the nest box. I hope he knows what he's doing. I hope somebody's going to keep those eggs warm tonight.
After it has been issued, the affected NWFO will followed it up periodically with Severe Weather Statements. These statements will contain updated information on the tornado and they will also let the public know when warning is no longer in effect.
Jeni's story is interesting. Originally an art major, Jeni went from selling ice cream solo at a market in Columbus to today's operation with several shops, numerous other places that carry her ice cream (including Anthropologie stores) and 250+ employees. Even though the company has grown, everything - production, packing, labels - is still done by hand.
cleaning the floors.
If you think for one moment that this black, racist “senior officer” in the force will be reprimanded, you haven’t been paying attention.
Publisher: Orbit
Lately, I have been looking at Jack Wills and recently, a brand called Rupert & Buckley. I am quite intrigued by Jack Wills because the founders were in the UCL rugby team. But it’s more known for its sponsorship of varsity matches that are not UCL-based. Marketing savvy. One thing it got right is our nostalgia for things traditional and pleasant. How it used to be before the crash. Who we are and what we are that are not defined by the GDP.
Forrest said the school has complied with the law in the past and intends to keep doing so.
Nelson Mandela has to this day, NEVER said a word against the murders in South Africa, never, because he condones it, it has always been part of his plan. See Nelson Mandela: Speech on Release from Prison, 1990.
there’s still the allure of
--At Emily's website, you'll find the answers to these two questions that I would like you to answer. I'm going to 'moderate' these questions in the comments section so no one can see the answers right away, but I'll make them all live after the qualification time is over, which you will have until Friday, March 18, 5:00 p.m., to answer.
07-Flee-Rekkers - Isle Of Capri
The Los Angeles Lakers absolutely dominated the San Antonio Spurs tonight. As impressive as that victory was for the Lakers, they will not be competing for the NBA Championship this year. Let’s take a look at a few reasons why that is.
Some smartphones are being tested as diagnostic tools. For example, an iPhone app is said to detect melanoma or a new MIT mobile phone is said to detect cataract but mobile phones are generic tools, not medical therapeutic devices e.g. blood glucose monitors. Such marginal capabilities can certainly help alert mobile phone users but the real benefit of telemedicine lies primarily in helping doctors in resource constrained parts of the world.
In his last letter to Hooke on the various issues involved, written in February 1676, Newton grandly acknowledged that Hooke had “added much in several ways,” to the science of light. And as for himself, “If I have seen futher iti s by standing on ye shoulders of Giants.”
Not this dividing and indifferent blue.
Tarte for True Blood Eye Shadows in Waitress and Stake
Congratulations ladies!! Please email your mailing address to me at thecraftsmeow@gmail.com and I'll get your prize to you right after the release!
3. Reprint the rules.
I tried to laugh
So Bruce phoned him yesterday and the guy still needs to speak to his
Sprite:
this trouble came to us.
In the early 1860′s Thomas Ray partnered with his father-in law Levi J. Knight to build a mill pond and grist mill (now known as Ray’s Millpond) on Beaverdam Creek on land owned by L. J. Knight. Mr. Knight would provide the land for the project, Mr. Ray would be mechanic and operator. With the assistance of slave labor, the Ray family began the work to construct the earthen dam that would create an impoundment on Beaverdam Creek. In her later years, Mary Susan Ray, daughter of Thomas and Mary A. Ray, recalled that she helped build the dam when she was young child. ” Each day the family would load all equipment into the wagon, go over and work all day on the dam.” In the age before power equipment the construction of the earthen dam that created the millpond was a massive undertaking. The dam is 1200 feet long with an average height of 12 feet, 12 feet wide at the top and 20 feet wide at the base. It took approximately 10,800 tons of earth, dug and moved by human muscle to construct the dam.
Cuddling
We are proud to present the latest upgrade to the Schmoopy Brewery! It's a 10 gallon behemoth, the B3-1000 Brew Sculpture from Beer, Beer and More Beer. With three 170,000 BTU burners this thing gets moving quickly. It stands about 7.5' tall, but there is no need for a pump since at this height everything flows by gravity.
My main goal of sending my second daughter to a French school is not to teach her French. My goal is to let her brain get stimulated by being in a little more structured environment than being with me and by interacting with other kids. This place is for small kids to play and that’s great. My daughter wants it. My friend’s daughter and mine are the oldest there, but I don’t need to put my 2-year-old in an educational environment yet.
Being a natural-born sun-avoider who is happy to look pale, I am very popular with my tan-loving girlfriends since I often give them self-tanners to try out. My pal Siobhan has been using these products throughout our 22-year friendship so she was the ideal person to try a face tanner I was given a few months ago. Here’s her report on Sisley Self Tanning Hydrating Facial Care (£78):
100g Apricot gel with 80ml water. Brush on fruits
(Stacia Proefrock, allmusic.com)
“It’s great for travelling,” I added weakly. “Back to the `80s perhaps,” came the reply.
Don't you love a great coat? I feel regal in this one! I paired it with a sock bun and little heels for a morning trip to Pretoria to sort out visa applications for my July holiday. So excited!
There is a color we all know
I pretty much carried her back to our room (which was in a cottage in a separate building on the resort property, so we were outside, while it was snowing). Meanwhile, she was having all kinds of self-revelations about life, love, and the pursuit of happiness. And, I was growing more agitated with each word. Back in the room, we eventually ended up in the big jacuzzi-style tub together. We sat facing each other, talking. We were also naked, obviously (that’s important for what is coming up).
30. Outro
Human nature dicates that CCTV has little use as a deterrent for we forget they are there (Channel 4's Big Brother worked on that very concept), but they do have their place in making us all more free by ensuring that those who commit crimes are rightly taken out of the equation.
i want to vomit all over the computer screen
Being with thy dear blood clean washed from sin,
Choosing plant-based foods instead of meat also lowers cancer risk in other ways. Not only are vegetables low in fat and high in fiber, they also contain many cancer-fighting substances. Carotenoids, the pigment that gives fruits and vegetables their dark colors, have been shown to help prevent cancer. Beta-carotene, present in dark green and yellow vegetables, helps protect against lung cancer and may help prevent cancers of the bladder, mouth, larynx, esophagus, breast, and other sites. Many studies have found that diets rich in fruits and vegetables and low in animal fat cut cancer risks.
Last Thursday, I was lying in bed watching the news and I thought I peed my pants. I literally got out of bed laughing because I couldn’t believe I was doing that kind of stuff already. I took my pants off and noticed it was more than just a dribble – and then I went into the bathroom and I was gushing fluid. I knew right then and there that this wasn’t urine and that my water had broke.
I might have to drink and blog or something...
Oh, and how's this for an advertisement photo to colleagues:
I could easily turn my back on public education, and since we live completely outside the system I suppose I already have in some respects. I do have high hopes for serious reform in our American Education System, for a variety of reasons. But there is ample evidence to suggest that this system doesn't even want to help itself.
Federal Reserve bonds were issued to the countries who surrendered their gold — from one of the twelve Federal Reserve banks in the United States.
Without further ado...you are invited to visit the new home of Bellflower Design Photography by clicking HERE.
but that doesn’t mean i love Adam less.
stuffs either. That dumb old hard drive took all that
1 teaspoon soda
The FpU members were carrying Israeli flags and banners claiming that gender-based affirmative action is sexist, that developing countries must be helped out of poverty through free trade, and quoting from the socialist song ‘the International’ saying that “we are burdened by taxes.”
To remove the dead wood of me
The answer is that it is just too hard to sit at a keyboard & type when the weather conditions in central Arkansas have been mostly "ideal". Think temperatures in the low to mid-80's in the daytime & low-60's at night. Add to that no rain & light breezes each day, under blue, cloudless sky's. Much too nice outdoors ... to stay indoors.
While THE HORROR CLUB is even more lavish in its praise, saying: "There's really nothing about this film that is lacking. The story is great, the atmosphere is tense and creepy, and there's a good amount of blood and gore. Something about creepy movies set in bunkers always seems to work. Nazi bunkers, even better."
‘Yep. And now you’re going.’ Ollie looked Rory up and down, ‘I can see the console through your ribs.’ The iPod vibrated again and Ollie squinted at the screen – ‘Twentieth Century Boy’. More prehistoric tat. The click wheel was interesting though, he’d never seen one whirl and swirl like that. He held it up to show Rory, who was looking even less substantial than before.
*Bi-weekly Family night. Family movie, game, etc. The boys really do love this...
Glen Miller and his Orchestra--A String of Pearls
This was in Whitehall. I would have went in for some drinks but it was in a 5 star hotel and I saw people dressed in gowns in there. I definitely would not have been minding their dress code.
The report was presented to parliament in April this year but was never formally discussed because parliament was winding up its business ahead of the general election.
A reflecting pool
These are folks who tend to have a high regard for ideological purity. They may or may not be inclined towards spiritual practices, but they’re certainly not going to affiliate with a religious institution with nasty baggage. These are the people who like to remind everyone about the Crusades, the Phelpses, and abortion clinic bombings whenever the topic of religion comes up. They couldn’t possibly be part of something that promotes so much hatred. Their default stance tends to be that all religion is unreasoning fundamentalist religion and that therefore only unreasoning fundamentalists would be interested in religion. (Interestingly, I’ve seen this stance preached in some sci-fi books that my SBNR brother-in-law has loaned me recently…; a new missionary method for the New Atheism?) Thus, the “spiritual” part affirms that they may accept that there’s more to life than the flatly material; the “not religious” part affirms that they won’t have anything to do with a religious tradition that doesn’t pass their purity requirements.
I am looking forward to starting work by not doing all the things that I really ought to do before I start having only two days off per week. Here are some of the things I have done instead.
‘Powerful’ benefitsAnd these differences were visible in the brain. The bilingualists’ brainstem responses were heightened.
Check out bassist Todd Kerns and drummer Brent Fitz too (collectively referred to as "Myles Kennedy and The Conspirators") as this is a helluva band altogether.
In many ways, it seems like the worst of both worlds. And there isn’t anything I can do about it, really. Just stay a friend. Keep the channels of communication open. Try and be nice to the men in the community for once, and influence them for good.
took control and killed the beauty of his past.
The Subhumans are an anarcho-punk band formed in the Trowbridge & Melksham area of Wiltshire, UK in 1980. Dick Lucas joined later in the year, having formerly been in local band The Mental. Other members had been in the Stupid Humans.
And at its feet crushed cans of beer
Everything. And nothing. Why,
rocks. Seriously it looks like some dumped a bag of rocks and said climb these.
Praise God.
But today is Thursday, today it is raining, and today I am feeling down. Not exactly able to pinpoint why, so I’m chalking it partly up to the in-climate weather–I’m sure that clouds and rain and overcast skies can dampen anyone’s spirit, plus my joints hurt–my knees and my hips and even my finger joints ache. This is likely the result of a combination of things–the damp weather (no matter what the doctors claim, I’m convinced that anecdotal reports point to a correlation between weather and joint pain), and the fact that I’ve been busy working in my yard these past few weeks and have been generally ‘busy’ every day, working outside and in my garage or running errands or visiting my mother-in-law in the hospital or shopping at Costco.
1 Murray = an adolescent driving and reversing his dad’s 4x4 over a sack of kittens for one hour. In the rain.
“That doesn’t seem to matter.” A slap wouldn’t have pulled me out of the trance any faster. I twisted beneath his braced arms, then moved away.
Heads rest on pillows. The internal dialogue begins. It is late, and the tone is ugly. Defeating.
The joy of a newborn spirit within was challenged by the pain of rejection. Ironically, she was adopted into the family of God the same evening she was rejected by her own family. Knocking and calling did her no good. Shivering in the dark as tears flowed down her face, she curled up on the ground outside her front door trying to stay warm.
On appeal, Finn, Emmett and Bennett JJ held that Optus could not rely on the s.111 ‘time shifting’ exception as the recordings were made by either Optus, or by Optus and the TV Now user. The court held:
We will see when the full reasons are produced, as I am sure they will be soon.
87. Grab a champagne brunch
I know there's been candles and ornaments
Theatre Talent Survey: Do you work in theatre? Have you ever? Do you want to?Share on facebook Share on twitter Share on email Share on print
I bought a swimsuit.
Imagine if you will, going into one of your favourite home renovation retail stores, anticipating and hoping that they will have the specific item you’ve been needing to complete the renovation on your bathroom. You go into the store, filled with positive energy and nervous excitement. Because it’s a special order item, you ask one of the Associates for assistance. You discuss all the details, specifications and pricing, then ask him when you can expect delivery. To which he responds, “We’ll let you know.” You walk out of the store with a little less positive energy, but still a glimmer of hope that he will indeed “let you know.” As the days go by, the glimmer of hope fades and fades, until a few weeks go by and all hope is vanished. And your bathroom is not quite perfect.
“Its either that,” announced Marlene as she rose from her chair, “or zip lining. Take your pick!”
mommy ices while she decorates.
Hearkening back to an outfit from a year ago, K suggested: "What about a repeat of this outfit but with one of your newly re-heeled boots and a different long sleeved shirt. Something with a brighter pop of color. And fun accessories of course, but you know how to handle that."
Elly
M: But the milongueros from other times were also porteños.
So boys, if you want to keep your sister out of your room, just make one of those beaded door decor things out of Sports cups and Jock straps. It should do the trick. But if you do, know that your mom may blog about it and embarrass you for life.
Time is different here. There is no doubt about that. Tasks accumulate in lists that never get looked at, nothing checked off. Words are different. I forget how to say things. I can't find sounds that stand straight up, poised on the end of my tongue. There's nowhere to be but always somewhere to go, something to do. My heart feels like a little tiny bird trapped in a cage with the door wide open. Little tiny bird about to have a heart-attack.
placed some business cards in various places along the High Street, as well as in the front of what had once been the Old Fairy Shop. It is now Susi Watson’s shop selling high quality interior furnishings. Our placement here cost us £5 for four weeks, but we considered it to be well worth it, as this delightful small town is well frequented by the tourists.
Behind-the-scenes
It just means Kat will have no memories of her childhood while Jacob has EVERYTHING documented. The curse of being the second child.
I have lost count over the number of times I’ve had to sit down this season and write a piece on yet another game like this.
I came home after an enjoyable evening with friends with my mind swimming. I shared the news with my husband. His reaction was parallel to mine. We talked about some of the friendships we have and their marriages.
Endpins. Cellists are so picky about their endpin length. They play the instrument a little, then pull it onto their laps to pull the pin out a bit more. If they don’t get it exactly right but still have to play, they’ll grimace horribly through the whole piece, giving more than one violinist and violist indigestion. What can you do to rid them of this incessant problem? What will make that pesky endpin difficulty go away forever? Steal their endpin, of course. Just slide it out of its little ring and slip it up your sleeve, to be used later for swordfighting practice in the back room. No one will miss it.
10. I’m a pet lover – False – My gimpy dog left me a prize this morning which, due to a slight slope in the floor, extended the entire length of the hall. I am convinced that this accident was no accident at all.
What a lucky day! Right place at the right time.
BLITZER: I also asked Josefina Vidal about other issues involving
One huge thing blogging has done for me personally is not only to help me work on my communication skills but to organize my thoughts. Sometimes when I have a conversation about something I have already blogged about I refer people to my blog because they can get a greater understanding for what my thoughts are. It shows them a series of thought, there for, a journal (or school) of thought that they might be able to relate to.
Behold, I am the bearer of earth’s new hope
A little, unknown boy was there to supply his fish and bread for Jesus to use in feeding thousands of hungry followers.
If they don’t feel the same?
I arrived on the island after an otherwise uneventful crossing and found my friends. That night we went to one of the restaurants on the beach where fire jugglers entertained us.
Violence ages children’s DNA, shortens their chromosomes
What kind of backgrounds do you have in traditional music?
“We are going to get some of the best guys to fill out this class and win a lot of games at UGA.”
The best products that I found for sprucing up my garden are found at my local grocery store. They have an excellent stock of seeds to plant, seedlings, and a variety of different bushes and shrubbery.
That makes it sound like I want to be a bear.
Andrea also said that, because fuel linings on vehicles are an environmental issue, a stringent validation process must be completed before any untested substitute to PA-12 is used.
I saw your sweet face for the first time.
propping up the local car industry...Holden this time. We did it once before. We propped up Mitsubishi but then they closed anyway. Holden will too - although they say they will be here for another ten years.
Frankly speaking, there are no free lunch in the world. So you will not expect you could make decent money with those free servey sites. And that’s why in order to get good paid for taking sureys, I joined a paid survey site by paying a small one-time membership fee and I can then get started straight away. I don’t mind paying that as long as I can earn it back within a day or two. They then collect my profile and then I am able to start taking surveys. Comparing with free survey sites, I prefer the paid survey ones because making extra good money is my only goal!
I really didn't have a recipe to work from to create this... Just a common ingredient list:
The iDA-X305 comes with a large Double-Action Rotary Encoder Knob – for maximum control over all music search functions like QuickSearch for finding your songs or adjusting your volume. This knob can be detached…
But, this post is about my son's addiction. He was doing so well, which is honestly why I wasn't blogging so often. I've always written on this blog, and kept in the back of my mind, that his sobriety could be compromised at any moment. I believe that I was trying to prepare myself for the possibility that he'd relapse. Again.
his bad eye. Tripeo, on the other hand, is a tall, slender man
I’m not sure how I feel about this. At first I felt great because I got a good deal, and was very honest and up-front with the seller. After thinking it over, I’m not sure. What do you think? Should I feel good about this–or do you think I’ve unwittingly become the local fence?
BONUS POINTS: Give more than one reason where only one was asked for, refute attempts to assert objective morality on atheism, explain how moral obligations are related to God’s design for humans.
9. Blue Balloon
* We need to score on the power play!!!
09. Tapping The Vein - Sugarfalls
3. Do stuff together.Make an effort to do things together. Do some sports or involve urselves in some shared activities; something both of u enjoy or are interested in. It could be as simple as watching movies together, or jus strolling hand-in-hand down PI Mall. Watch F-1 or soccer with him once in a while though the green patch on TV puts u to sleep in 3 seconds. And guys, do give in if your gal asks for another day at window-shopping, rather than suggest that she go out with her girlfriends for "that sort of activities" instead. If u're spending more time with your friends rather than with your partner, it's a warning sign that u're drifting apart!!!
August 22 - Jerry Leiber, pop songwriter ("Kansas City"), 78
I'm on a diet and I'm doing a very good job of sticking to it. (16 pounds in 6 weeks) We're talking low-carb, low-fat and low-calorie. So I'm eating a lot of cardboard. Being a foodie by nature, this is not easy. Since I can't indulge my taste buds, I'm indulging my eyes. Let's wallow in carbs.
Then I went back to my favorite store and bought that giant Paris canvas because I often fixate obsessively on things. As I feared, it made for an awkward walk home. I tried hanging it on the back of the stroller but it dragged on the ground. I tried carrying it but then I only had one hand for stroller steering, which meant Coco was in constant peril of being driven into traffic. I made my choice. I let the bag drag on the ground. Now gimme a mother award!
Many people, catdownunder said, assume all authors are rich. This seems laughable to real authors, but if that's the case the only way to persuade them otherwise is to show them why we are not. I suggested in the comments to that post that books should come with a declaration of how much the author was paid as a fee or advance. Then perhaps teachers and others - who get more per month than a writer gets from writing a book - might understand why it matters that we get paid for use of our work. It wasn't an entirely serious suggestion when I made it. But it has become one. Here are some of the fees/advances I've been paid for writing books that are likely to be photocopied in school classrooms. These books were all commissioned in the last two years:
Sometimes memory seeks to hide things from us. I remember a guy I worked with. He had been bicycling through Anoka when he crossed an intersection. He had the green light so he didn't think about traffic. Mistake. A woman ran the red light and struck him. According to witnesses, he never lost consciousness. He even spoke. Amazingly, he had no broken bones or other internal injuries. But he couldn't remember what happened. Everything from the moment he was struck until he left the hospital was gone from his conscious recall. Three years later it was still gone. I don't know if it ever came back to him.
COOPER E, O’REILLY M. A novel staff vaccination strategy. Infect Control Hosp Epidemiol 2002; 23: 232-233.
Apparently, what happened is caravans of gipsies have been vandalising the car park on Wednesday ( a couple of days before I have arrived) but the police moved them shortly after and now the part and ride north is safe, which the story checks out but it is old now.
There are periods of your life you no longer remember.
become employed—don’t connect to people. Out renting; freedom from the beast.
Sara Kate: Size 2
Something tells me that I may have to join a gym. There is even a gym that is rather close to my home, only a twenty-minute walk away. All of the other gyms require driving, and I prefer to spend twenty minutes walking as opposed to twenty minutes driving. Sounds like the perfect place to go, right?
If anyone has insight on this strange contradiction (France equals food, but not kitchens), I would be happy to hear it. We are staying put for now, but it's not so easy knowing that we could have something soooo nice for the same price in the states. The "kitchen's always better on the other side", right?
“They then put her body in the back of a pickup truck and took her and her luggage to Bald Rock Mountain, after removing her clothing and a ring, and they played with her body and then threw her off a cliff.
Most of what we rode on route 54 was just lovely and, as you can see, the scenery is some of Derbyshire’s finest but that Bridleway just shouldn’t be signposted as part of a cycle route. I wouldn’t like to ride it in reverse on a proper mountain bike… For shame, Sustrans; for shame.
#7: The bar is the bartender's stage.
I find white tuxes tacky.
One World Trade Center will need to fill all that office space, and many international renters may do business in America, but they don't like us very much. And ever since September 11, American political and business leaders have tried to be as inoffensive as possible, to avoid stepping on anyone's toes with our jingoism and our flags so that next time we don't get bombed.
so beautiful.
Other: Clear embossing powder by Ranger, Nestabilities by Spellbinder, Copic markers by Imagination International
Note: You may substitute the 10-digit ASIN of your choosing within the single quotes for “asin:” and you may also experiment with and change the values for width and height to make “Kindle for the Web” reader fit your blog. Of course, we hope you will keep the ‘ebest’ value for “assoctag:” which supports the Kindle Nation Daily and indieKindle blogs.
Immediately I imagined myself standing on the sidewalk staring into a big window of a store. I was gazing at all the beautiful items I desperately wanted but felt I couldn't have. Unknowingly I was standing back watching God do amazing things for other people with the deception that He wouldn't do the same for me.
“So, why are you not going to Africa anymore? Why would you miss this opportunity?” Friends repeated again and again.
The window on this closes Friday. For the state to realize the savings by June 30th, the end of the fiscal year, the refinancing has to occur by February 25th. The 14 Democratic Senators who are currently AWOL are blocking the ability of Wisconsin to invest in the best public interest of all of our citizens. As State Treasurer, I call on them to return to Wisconsin, pass this bill and allow Wisconsin to invest in itself.
The men’s conversation came to a halt a few yards behind her. Abby didn’t have to look to know Sam was raking his steel-gray hair with his hand, exhaling like an angered stallion. Then he cleared his throat pointedly. “Abby? The bishop wants a word.”
Next, I ‘threaded’ the shoelace onto a safety pin. The safety pin will help me pull the thread through my hem/casing. If you’re a sewing newbie, this is also what I do when I’m pulling elastic through a casing.
I want my children to dream about whatever they want, because a dream is the exercise of the heart emboldened by what MIGHT be and COULD be; a goal or objective is the exercise of a mind restricted by what CAN be and SHOULD be.
“A great range of questions are already coming in,” said Kathleen Ehrlich, director of editorial operations for the wnyc.org. These days you can find out so many things just by searching the Internet, she noted, “but some facts are so unique or specialized that you can’t find them online. It’s nice to know that there are still some questions that need to be answered by human beings.”
In a reality where the HEA is not possible, nobody can achieve communication with anyone else. Communication on an emotional level as well as a spiritual level is a thing of the Light - it makes us one with each other. Porn is a thing of the dark. It is self-gratification using another person without understanding that person's humanity or respecting the divine essence within the other human.
As most of us know at this point, Lebron James is one of the best basketball players in the world. He is known all over the globe and always puts on a show for basketball fans everywhere. Amazingly, even at a time when the NBA is not even playing, Lebron remains the spotlight of many sporting news outlets.
None of the Lipglass shades grabbed me, but I had high hopes for a couple of the shadows. Jealousy Wakes is a fantastic green that I am going to covet and use sparingly. It’s like the biggest, clearest, sparkliest emerald that could possibly be captured in a pot. Kudos to Christine Mielke of Temptalia for developing a true green shadow that isn’t too gold or too blue. It should work well on all skin types. It is the shadow that will eclipse Parrot for makeup collectors.
i bet you smell as fine as you are ;)
You may not think much of you, but God does. He thinks you’re beautiful and dazzling and radiant.
It's a great piece of program making and undoes most of my reservations about their programming. More of the same please guys, and perhaps something on the Telly too?
Ruthann Richter has been writing about medical issues, including HIV/AIDS, since the early 1980’s. She holds a master’s degree in journalism from Stanford University and has received awards from the American Cancer Society, the Association of American Medical Colleges, the Council for Advancement and Support of Education and the National Alliance for the Mentally Ill. In addition to her Africa projects, she is the director of media relations at Stanford University School of Medicine, where she works with media from around the world and covers HIV/AIDS issues.
Given the substantial impact which this decision could have on Dave TV's operations, with the potential need for a full rebrand and the risk of infringement proceedings, it is likely they will be considering all avenues for appeal. OHIM's questionable approach to the law of passing off might provide them with the answer they need. More generally, the case shows that, if a party wishes to bring an opposition under Article 8(4) of the Community Trade Mark Regulation, it is advisable to produce comprehensive evidence of its trading history, which might include sample clients and even industry awards. Ideally, this evidence should span a number of years and be generated from a variety of sources.
To one side of the stage is something like a billiard table that turns out to be a treadmill. This is the locus of one the production's hilariously kitsch moments: a Chinese pop song rises and the two lovers are running together, in an analogue of making love. It made me feel as if I had strayed into a bad anime. Towards the end of the play, the stage is flooded with water, forcing the cast, rather charmingly, to don green gumboots. In the climax, Zhang Nianhua ends up standing on a table being drenched with a private rainstorm, passionately declaiming his stalker ambitions. I still don't know why he had to be so wet.
Coarse sea salt and ground pepper
I would ask you not to, for in evaluating this massive piece of storytelling that has unfolded on American TV screens in the last six years, there is a job to be done – a job I can only but begin in a short, accessible post and will try to do with a minimal amount of spoilers. It is the magnanimous task of separating myth from character, a job accomplished to near perfection by the creative team behind Lost, but perhaps not so well by a few viewers and devotees.
Alan Grayson: One of the proudest moments of my life was when DFA members named me their progressive hero.
I was surprised to hear the phrase "rock and roll" in this song...I didn't think Bing Crosby or Cole Porter "knew from" rock and roll. ...
A local member of the city’s cycling council stated that in the past, there was money for cycling infrastructure but the plans were not in place. Now, plans are ready to be implemented but there is a lack of money for the investments.
Hope you are having a great start into this new week? I can't believe it's almost the end of the month again....yikes! I must admit I'm ready for some cooler weather :) and I'm looking forward to September!!!
I’ve never shown anyone the money clip that belonged to our daddy either. I have no photos of it either. I’m not sure I can put into words what it meant to me, Jes. Again, thank you from the bottom of my heart for that gift.
Milton Keynes police handed out leaflets written in Somali in an attempt to “reassure” the community, but tactfully avoided the inharmonious revelation that 1 in 3 Somalis suffer from some form of violent mental illness brought about by exposure to civil-war brutality.
The whole evening with the heavy rain falling and strong winding to make me in a good mood to have a nap. I was waiting a dinner with Michelle, but she has invited me to have dinner with two of her coursemates. Of course, I had agreed with that. This was a good start for her to let me mingle around with her friends. Stay active now rather than radioactive tomorrow. So we need to stay active and become more proactive and initiative in dealing with interpersonal skills, it does help, believe in me. As time goes by, of course the wisdom and conscience in oneself can grow much better. Keep improving yourself and challenging yourself to move a step higher and higher.
(The Entire Cast makes a big circle and holds hands.)
These are splash the cash mounts. You could replace these with other mounts and save some gold. There are other more expensive mounts available if you have LOTS of cash. I have the bear and will likely buy the guild mount at least.
Harris’ vision of the academy also falls well outside of the mainstream. In a 2000 article, he stated that professors “need to admit that we are indeed workers in a corporate system that we hope to reform.” (Not too many corporations give lifetime positions at six-figure salaries to people like Wahneema Lubiano, who received tenure after listing non-existent “forthcoming” books.) Too many academics, he complained, favor a meritocratic approach, concentrating on their own individual achievements rather than recognizing that they are “mid-level bureaucrats in large corporations.” Harris, for one, described himself as “from a union family and . . . troubled by my position as a manager in a system that treats so many of its teachers unfairly.”
Yay for me! If you follow me you know that I am computer challenged. Happy Mother's Day to me. As he says what do you give someone that makes their own jewelry?!
As I said already, it seems as if you are always smiling and you have the sweetest giggle! Your ticklish spot is around your rib cage on the right side. Gets you everytime!!! You started "waving" at yourself last month and I think it is hilarious! You also pat me on the back whenever I am holding you on my shoulder, just as I do to you. You are still in Mommy & Daddy's room, but soon that is going to change. Daddy said it's time for you to get some use out of your crib, but I am sad to see you go. I know we will all rest better, I just hope you keep up your good sleeping habits! I love that you sleep late in the morning - just like your Mommy :)
Cookie cutters from the kids' playdoh set (washed of course) make funky shapes which we stuck on skewers. Melon gingerbread men, ducks, and butterflies; watermelon balls; and pineapple spears (literally!)
I have truly felt so much better this week, being aware of what I am eating makes me think before just grabbing anything. I find that I leave meals filled but not stuffed! Also, I have found that I have more energy and in reality have been drinking only 2-3 cups of coffee in the morning, as opposed to the pot I used to drink every morning. This has not actually been a planned, just something that happened. So, here is where I stand after my first week
We took Mr. Jenkins out of the crib.
Maybe next year Tom.
Definitely one to take on. I’m inclined to think that Stoke could very well end up pushing Newcastle for seventh spot.
My last and final piece of advice for that senior who’s about to graduate in May is pick up your phone and make an appointment with Career Services. Let them help you with your resume and get some job hunting strategies. Stephen Cole, the Executive Director at Career Services really gave me the confidence to go above and beyond while looking for a job.
In distant days I long to sense it all so clear.
This all sounds fantastic, bud, but I still don’t have that kind of money. At this point in the presentation, this is usually what I get. Did you know many universities allow you to continue paying for your home tuition with no changes while abroad? That basically means if you can scrounge up a plane ticket, the costs aren’t going to change that much. I mean, you got to eat and live somewhere no matter which country you’re in, no?
“Hear, O Israel: The LORD our God is one LORD: And thou shalt love the LORD thy Godwith all thine heart, and with all thy soul, and with all thy might.”
Sunny's glamorous entrance ...
Trade them all for a pack of a gum, sunshine and ravioli (Macaroni)
(There you go, Bob.)
And how things have to be.
Can I get a drum roll please?
I actually made two cards with it to share today.. I have many ideas for this stamp and will be sharing even more soon. The first card I wanted a simple but shabby feel to this card so I stamped the lid and ruffle onto some floral papers and used pinking sheers to make little squares for my strawberries using the same papers.
This time, however... they change for the better!
We went to Wendys for a Jr Bacon Cheeseburger, then to Jewelry Box, and then to Dollar Tree. Then back home. I had about 30 minutes before the bus. Kari and I got Julia's kids from the bus, and we headed to the park. Julia was at the dentist. She was done shortly. We stayed for a few more minutes, then all headed home to get our kids ready for baseball.
It's something I didn't even want to acknowledge as a possibility before, so this is kind of a step for me, typing it out loud. Here's the trend I see as inevitable: as people are more able to buy books online and on e-readers, they are less likely to walk into bookstores and even book sections of megastores like Wal-Mart. As bookstores' profits continue to dwindle, they will have less money to invest in books that aren't guaranteed to sell. That means publishers will publish fewer books, focusing their efforts on books by celebrities and politicians and authors who have already hit bestseller status. Fewer options in bookstores will make readers even less likely to walk into a bookstore, considering that-- at this moment-- everything they want is at their fingertips on Amazon.
"Can I get you anything love?"
3 walks
While I hope you are not going into marriage with the though that divorce is on the horizon – calling off a wedding is a much better idea than going through with it and then calling divorce lawyers a few weeks later - but in the instance that you and your new husband decide you made a mistake, it’s only appropriate to return all of your wedding gifts.
Renowned for their unusual and inventive window displays and floral arrangements, the collection reflects this, containing several photographs of store fronts, interiors, kiosks, and floral decoration from the early 1900s to the 1990s. The collection also contains newspaper cuttings, minutes, and shareholder records.
What doesn’t fit is a massive housing development, the tidying up and gentrification of Bridport which will lead to an influx of people who will gaze at the Looking Back page of the local newspaper in years to come and say ‘oh, so that’s what it used to be like’.
However, two conscious persons wanting to enter into a relationship have everything to gain by sitting down together and drawing up their own contract, independent of what the church or state may stipulate. In this way, they will discover if they really have the same goals in life, if they have the same ideas about what their relationship means. They can express what they expect of each other. This will be an opportunity to discuss lifestyles and expectations more deeply, to see if they are really meant to unite their lives, or if it is perhaps better to remain friends.
“We’re excited to welcome spring with a great beer pairing event featuring Deschutes Brewery,” said Ted Rowell, general manager of Flying Saucer. “A great six-course beer pairing led by brewmaster Larry Sidor, the Spring Beer Dinner will be a must-attend event for any beer enthusiast.”
Sarawak started to suffocate under the haze again, and struggled under the onslaught of hand, foot and mouth disease.
...and I certainly will try another project like this sometime.
Uma: How did Ruthie's character take shape in your mind, Bonnie? As illustrator what drove the specifics of representing her visually?
[C]omprehensive immigration reform* would raise wages, increase consumption, create jobs, and generate additional tax revenue. … This is a compelling economic reason to move away from the current “vicious cycle” where enforcement-only policies perpetuate unauthorized migration and exert downward pressure on already low wages, and toward a “virtuous cycle” of worker empowerment in which legal status and labor rights exert upward pressure on wages. …
Travis Duggins: My goal was to really pay attention to the lighting and the very subtle details. Like the candle. There are lots of tiny things going on with that thing. I tried to push my talent as far as I could with this painting. I still think this is one of my better paintings compared to my other work.
Besides that, all of these roads-projects have hefty price-tags--millions of dollars earmarked--with little discussion. In fact, make that NO discussion. There was no itemized list of costs presented to this board, packed with Republicans and chaired by Head Teabagger, State Senator David Thomas, a shyster-politician who thoroughly believes in living off the beneficent state.
As most people know, I am no poet. Once or twice I have tried to be poetic, but quickly I have come to the conclusion that poetry is one of those things - like singing, painting, acting, cooking, gardening, ice-skating, and shot-putting - that I was never intended to do. There are so many talented poets out there, my time is much better occupied in reading their works rather than attempting to compete with them. If you live next door to Picasso, don't paint your window sills: that's what I say.
The Cayman R’s purpose and purist character can be seen at first glance. The extended silhouette of the bodywork, which has been lowered by 20 millimeters (0.79 in) compared to the Cayman S, combined with the distinctive fixed rear spoiler, the high-quality silver-painted wheels and numerous sporting highlights on both the interior and exterior, ensures an individual appearance. The black-framed headlights, black exterior mirrors and the “PORSCHE” lettering on the side – in contrasting black or silver, depending on the body color – take design cues from classic Porsche racing cars.
confectioners’ sugar for dusting
Rodriguez is a well-sought after educator and lecturer and is the recipient of numerous awards and artist-in-residence appointments. She has shown extensively in museums, cultural centers, and galleries throughout the world including, San Francisco, Mexico City, Toyoko, Mumbai, and London to name a very few.
At that point, my friend Josaiah couldn't hold back his laughter anymore. He was trying to gasp out "giant, white penis" between his guffaws.
For this reason, since well before the mid-twentieth century there has been an almost all-encompassing tendency to completely dismiss the various incarnations of Uncle Tom completely. This is rather unfortunate, if for no other reason than that the story was the single most recognizable landmark on the American cultural landscape for the better part of a century. The book was the best-selling novel of its time (sold 300,000 copies the first year of its release, 1852), and the various plays and movies were even more popular than that, reaching millions more people. The characters and many incidents from the book became household by-words, and references to the likes of Topsy, Eva, St. Clare, Eliza and Simon Legree in the late 19th century and early 20th century are as common as references to the Bible and Shakespeare. This is true even as late as the 1951 musical The King and I (though if that’s the only place you know it from I will be only too happy to flog you, Legree-style, with a bullwhip).
Assemble chicken breasts in crockpot. Add 1/4 cup of water or chicken stock. Cover and cook on low 4-6 hours. Shred chicken with two forks and return to crockpot. Add wing sauce and cook and additional 15-20 minutes on low.
Then this day has had some difficult things for my daughters, things that relate to him. But since this blog isn’t about them, I won’t go into that, except to say that I hurt for what they go through, too.
Set your affection on things above, not on things on the earth.
bearing this cross with dignity.
Wray
Monday - Sausages with braised kale & leeks
While they may not be aware of what they are doing, only few actually realize this situation. We are now in a country of change-up between roles of two primal elements of the society.
How do you leave a legacy? Like everything worth achieving in life, you’ve got to focus and work hard for it. I know people sometimes try to tell you there are shortcuts. They are not being completely honest with you. Believe in people, have faith, and make everyone around you better for having met you. And did I mention, work hard?
"It was no longer necessary that the book say, 'I am an African-American child going out into the snow today...you don't put a color on a child's experience of the snow," Deborah Pope, executive director of the Ezra Jack Keats Foundation, told NPR.
-Rainier Maria Rilke (12.4.1875 - 12.29.1926)
Just let it be what it is
Slightly embarrassed by the yellow hanky mix up that took place at the Ramrod, or whatever club it was (it was the one with the hubcap motif), Steve is more determined than ever to immerse himself into the gay leather bar scene. And what better way to do so than to lift weights in your apartment as "It's So Easy" by Willy DeVille kicks some serious ass on the soundtrack. And it doesn't end with sculpting his Italian-American physique. Nuh-uh. Letting guys size him up at the clubs (of course, making sure you have the correct hankie in your back pocket when said sizing up commences), developing a rapport with the bartenders, Steve is on the fast track to becoming a regular. Which is weird, because it took me a couple of months just to get to the point where I felt comfortable enough to ask the bartender at my favourite nightclub what time it was. But then again, Steve is racing against the clock (um, hello? there's a killer on the loose).
This weekend I am...
Now the teenage daughter, on the other hand, is an entirely different story. Boys are easy (read: simple), they play baseball, the play basketball, they play golf and they play video games (with a gaggle of friends, or just one pal). Amanda is lucky she has gymnastics to occupy her time, but what is your average teenage girl supposed to do for the rest of the day (and don’t say read or help clean up around the house. I can hear the eyeballs rolling from here already)? Go to the pool (if it’s not raining, but it seems like it rains a lot), go out to lunch (from time to time), go to the mall (on occasion, but Dad’s not made of money), go to the movies (when there’s something good to see, and more importantly age appropriate) and hang out at each others houses. Hmmm, I suppose when I make the list, and see it in black and white, those are pretty darn good options! Summer shouldn’t be that boring after all.
Thank you to everyone who has participated and a big THANK YOU to the Sponsors!!
Will Rose find true love or is it too late for her? Will she be able to live with the consequences of her choices? Did she have anything to do with 'The Silencing' of a family friend and neighbor? Rose's sister, Hen, found true love - but will she have to choose between her family & religion and her one true love? You have to read the book to find out.
A reply to a DA parliamentary question received from the Department of Social Development in March this year confirmed that 80% of staff members employed by SASSA have not been properly vetted.
There are a few classes of Ben10 Omnitrix watches on sale, the cheapest being RM15 and most expensive being RM40. Juan Or wanted the RM15 one, but Mommy disagree on buying it since the babysitter had already given him one as birthday present recently. Juan Or also asked to buy Ben10 figurines and playsets (the cheapest being RM45 for a set of 3 figurines), but Mommy refused again because Mommy felt RM45 is still considered expensive considering Ben10 toys are not very educational in nature. Even the figurines are mere simple figurines (call it as boy's version of Barbie dolls!), unlike Transformers robot toys that are made up of various small but movable parts that require a substantial amount of 'engineering thoughts' to assemble let alone transform them.
Day Twenty-three Tuesday April 10
Besides the main character or hero/ine, who’s your favorite character in this book, and why?
Bloomberg reportedly stated he only expected 1,000 people. Maybe he just meant cops.
(1) I add something, on account of unbelievers, of the day of judgment. Again, the fire of the Lord sent forth shall be appointed. The earth gives a true groan; then those who are making their journey in the last end, and then all unbelievers, groan. The whole of nature is converted in flame, which yet avoids the camp of His saints. The earth is burned up from its foundations, and the mountains melt. Of the sea nothing remains: it is overcome by the powerful fire. This sky perishes, and the stars and these things are changed. Another newness of sky and of everlasting earth is arranged. Thence they who deserve it are sent away in a second death, but the righteous are placed in inner dwelling-places.
What’s with the ATM
Marseille is a yeasty city with new construction going up alongside buildings centuries of years old. The city was selected as the European Capital of culture fro 2013, which the Marsellais find hysterically funny. It has been a seaport for many centuries, first colonized by the Greeks and Romans - it developed a culture apart, and was the seat of the troubadours and courtly love. it was not actually part of France until the 17th century. It's also the gateway to Provence.
And then there was this enormous curtain at the rear of the Sanctuary where you found the Holy of Holies! The high priest went in there once a year on Yom Kippur – and sprinkled the blood on the mercy seat in the pre-Babylonian exile days. After the destruction of the first temple that space was empty.
Both Le Lup and the Coolin' may have good cocktails, but I may never know.
"everybody say the f word!"
It's not enough that I thoroughly dislike this movie. Nope, that in itself would be far too easy. The plain fact of The Ice Pirates is that this is one of those many hundreds of movies released in the early Eighties that is so instantly forgettable and imminently disposable that it's impossible to feel anything but disdain for it.
VIP Fairie - Memebership
Ink: Dusty Concord Distressed Inks
This Blueberry Coverall has a small Imagine Smart Fit Prefold under it. These generously sized covers fit suprisingly well on a small baby. The extra leg gussets also contain messes well! And just a sidenote, this particular cover was originally purchased for my now 4 year old when he was 1 1/2! This is the third child to wear it! :)
He grows as a child learning the instrument he has to play
Any ideas on where we should go? Travel tips? Let me know!
Last night, I was actually waked up by a bug of some kind buzzing in my hair. God only knows what that was.
Just call him Mr Sensual, Roger spins the best in classics. If you want to reminisce or be re-educated on the hits tune into Roger. Nobody caresses the airwaves with more sensuality.
Every younger brother or sister will enjoy this original tale of a nasty older brother who doesn’t believe in Santa Claus and is proven wrong in the end. Sibling revenge fantasies aside, parents will also be relieved to discover a few “scientific” facts to support the existence of Santa Claus. Three Bears’ Christmas by Kathy Duval, illustrated by Paul Meisel
But, if it *is* in my head, who the crap cares?
I opened the window a crack, fetched a box of kleenex, sprayed the trash can with lysol and located his book before returning to the Kitchen to finish making his breakfast. When it was ready I proceeded right past him and into his Study.
Walking with you.
And if Loki is Megatron Thor and team are Optimus prime and Rodimus and Bumble bee and all such. Same blowing up earth, flying cop cars and smoke and all such.
4 out of 5 zipped lips.
Preheat the oven to 400˚ F. Bring a large pot of water to boil. Once boiling, cook the pasta according to package directions until just shy of al dente. Drain well and set aside.
I did find the computer statistics, where one only has two options to choose from, annoying, as I often could not support either of the two options, so pressing number 5 for ‘Don’t Support’ on the voting pad became repetitive. A third option C that was a mix of option A and B would have been better.
Gone away is the bluebird,
Lying on the bed
far enough away from
Your ideas? Incredible. Your questions? Insightful. Your critiques of the status quo? Right on.
1/2 cup peas
Send out a press release to all media outlets in order to inform them that there is a HUGE story unfolding today at your address. Then call 911 and make sure the fire department and police arrive at your doorstep at the same time. When they show up at your house, give them party hats and thank them for coming to your party!
One of the best things about Tuesday night was the way the team chased the AC Milan players and won the ball so early. Rosicky and Oxlade-Chamberlain charged out of our half like guard dogs defending the driveway of a stately home. Milan looked mystified as we swarmed around them. It all begged the question – why don’t we do this every week?
My other dream fragments involved me watching a fictional science fiction TV show on TV at a fictional apartment-like place near CC & City Hall in D, and this TV show followed a female and a male character I think who seemed to live in a somewhat futuristic place; and something was different about the World that I can not remember, I am not sure if it was aliens or what it was, but something was different.
And let me count the reasons why:
It is definitely nice to know, though, that I got to pick this one....plus the bottle is waaaaaaay pretty, right?
I ask because I have discovered this year, in our class sessions that we have viewed and discussed the “Catholicism” video series, that at least some of your fellow parishioners there do not believe that Jesus rose from the dead. At least, if I interpreted their words correctly. They want to believe; but they don’t. Indeed, I have found that some of the parishioners take it for granted that, if the video series ever speaks of any miraculous events, obviously such miracles did not occur. They couldn’t have.
He was born in New Kilpatrick, Dumbarton, Scotland as John Mcfarlane McLuckie, (often inaccurately written as Macfarlane) in July 1860 (and almost certainly not July 1862 as the 1901 census says). His father was William McLuckie, his mother Jane Leitch. From the 1891 census we know he was Presbyterian, and by 1901 he was married to Annette, a Catholic born in France, and they had a 6 year old son, Robert.
I just found out there is a Stats Tab for my blog. People do read my blog after all. I am not writing into a vacuum.
(if you're new to the blog- or have just simply forgotten Maggie's stylist ambitions.... read this post: http://cbkohrman.blogspot.com/2011/04/good-and-bad.html) Let's just say that thank goodness I have a strong friendship with Geneva's parents, and we've been able to continue to be besties.... but I wouldn't recommend this situation to anyone that you even kinda like.
Harry Martin, KP at the nearby Royal Duchy Hotel, noticed a significant influx of guests on the day of the fire.
1.Crystals- Size specification: large ones are easier to work with and look more elegant
Why is that? We have many more two-kid-moms in non-classroom positions. Less stress? More flexibility? Is our school a typical snap-shot or are we different? Is being a classroom teacher not as family friendly as people assume?
But here’s where he acknowledges the tricky part. Opening up the postseason to more competition doesn’t guarantee the mid-majors anything. That’s because competition in and of itself doesn’t equal fairness.
The Mill Valley Film Festival makes it a bit more difficult to travel to on a green stream. They do provide a shuttle from the San Rafael and Mill Valley venues, but we chose films showing in Mill Valley and there wasn't a direct bus from the Larkspur Ferry as far as we could tell, so we grabbed a cab to get to Mill Valley for our overnight stay. (We did take the shuttle to San Rafael in order to take Golden Gate Bus back, however.)
THEY'RE CRYING!
The car, which has tinted windows, only stopped about 5km further.
I recall that things got quite out of hand over there.
Yeah right, I thought.
I go through these phases where I “know” exactly what God should be doing, and then when He doesn’t do it, I get an attitude. When, in all reality, it’s not God that’s wrong… it’s me. Obviously, what I thought I “knew” was God’s will wasn’t actually His intentions at all. Not even a little bit.
the three kids running around made for some chaos while i was finishing up the cooking. kaye and misty were working on something on the computer in my new craft room (blog post coming up). bilbo had just purchased a flat- screen tv and was focusing on that while the mayhem reigned. nothing comes between a man and his tv, apparently!! needless to say, i was a tad bit harried!!!
After the Steam Whistle Draught Launch I’m looking forward to two things:
46. I am not familiar with the exact constitution of the Tarot pack of
DEUTERONOMY 10:20
I get so much enjoyment from making little activities for M and other kids his age… I know it probably seems crazy to a lot of people, but this kind of thing is really fun! :)
Jacket, thrifted by Nathan, Nanette Lepore
long caesura of atrophy
The sea water has an interesting charge to it. As soon as my feet touch it, it feels like there is a release of electricity taking place. I feel more relaxed. And as I wander along the edge of the sea with my nose in the wind and my eyes squinting into the sun I can forget all worries and sorrow and nurture my inner child to the full.
Welcome to gradual report, where we gradually report. I love your youtube vids wrote: I just got recently depruded by my gf and I know I was bad since it was my first time and I know you have plenty of experience with girls. So, Im wondering what are the good steps to be a good kisser.
This entry was removed at the author's request. (That's always an option for participants here at QS--this is an all volunteer chomping)
Merry Christmas to all of our CPS friends!
Wrestling star
Interested in entering the giveaway? Comment on this post and tell me: What is your favorite breakfast food of all time?
Hope everyone has a great week. Easter is coming!
MARCH 1973
Dining on fine local cuisine, wine tasting and discovering the local wines of places I visit, and taking a 30-minute power walk every morning in the neighborhood where I’m staying – from Venice, Italy to Scottsdale, Arizona – I have such wonderful memories of my morning walks in every city I visit.
I grew up in a Catholic home. Every Wednesday, after going to public school, I went to catechism class at my local parish where I learned the stories of the Old Testament, the Gospel of Jesus Christ, and the inspiring stories of the saints of the church from the first disciples down to modern times. I learned the great creeds of the church, particularly the Nicene Creed, so named because it was adopted by the first ecumenical council that was called by the Roman Emperor Constantine in 325 CE and held in the city of Nicaea in what is now modern Turkey.
Today we celebrated, poolside, the three years of life our sweet girl has lived. For a 3 year old she sure has been through a lot. From deployment, Tdy's to lots of doctor's appointments, tests, and therapies. She is a strong little girl and extremely resilient. She is determined and never gives up. She is loving and kind with an awesome sense of humor. She has come a long way and we are so proud of her hard work! Little Miss is truly a special little girl. I am so proud to call her mine:)
Elements of a Myth: This Myth is to scare people and control them, ex: This will scare them not to drink alcohol.
In the opposite corner, wearing the Saltire and the Union Flag, we have the pick and mix assortment of the Blue Knights, led by Paul Murray. Mr Murray of course was a director of Rangers for four years, during which time, undoubtedly based on detailed legal advice, the Rangers Board made no financial provision whatsoever for the “Big Tax Case” which would be crippling to Rangers if the actions of Mr Whyte over the last year had not already resulted in administration.
Under the existing Smoking ban ordinance in Ohio, the Rights of Non-smokers most certainly do infringe on the formerly sacred right of Private Property Ownership, along with the use, control and financial responsibilities attendant to that ownership. Smoking bans are a hazard to the well being of businesses and property owners. This is especially true with regard to the entertainment and hospitality industries. Unlike other health ordinances that are designed to assure safety in food and drink preparation in areas that the public does not have access to and where they cannot otherwise be assured of safety without such regulations and regular inspection by the governing health authority, a dining room or bar that clearly has patrons enjoying a cigarette at their table is easily discernable, and every non-smoker of sufficient mental capacity should be able to make the decision immediately whether or not they wished to enter or remain in such an environment. Sadly however, rather than make a wise decision for themselves and visit an establishment that specifically caters to their individual preference for a “Smoke Free” environment, the typical approach mandated by Tobacco Control entities to their chronically smoke sensitive followers seems to be in filing a complaint with anyone who will listen.
This blog is a personal blog written and edited by me. This blog accepts forms of cash advertising, sponsorship, paid insertions or other forms of compensation.
Peter Schiff: Yes.
The ep. opened with Dean swigging from the ghost-flask, and Bobby appeared, finally explaining the numbers he wrote on his death bed. Bobby gives us our first sci-fi/pop culture reference when he says Roman is building a slaughterhouse--and the meat will be Soylent Green. Apparently, Leviathans have decided to dumb people down (ala the Biggersons episode, which, ew) and herd them off for food. While the guys are digesting this (my apologies for using "digest" in the midst of the Soylent Green convo)Sam gets an email from Frank, whose blood-spattered trailer left us to believe he was dead. Which is exactly what his email confirms: "if you're reading this, I'm dead, and someone is attempting to hack my hard drive." But Frank was canny enough to install a GPS in his hard drive and Sam and Dean track it to inside Roman Enterprises, or as Dean puts it "in the middle of the Death Star."
“Some day we will be here and there will be no corruption. It will be history,” she said.
These are a couple songs I fell in love with when they came out. (I can go way back with music-I had 45′s of Hanky Panky and Tom Dooley! Course, I was too young to buy them…they belonged to my mom. My first record was…I’ll just post it at the bottom.) The cool thing is that YouTube has videos from all sorts of genres and eras. Hope you enjoy and happy hump day!!!!
La Femme Nikita
XOXO- Miss V.
Ethan and Emme are definitely the strongest of the four narrators, our time spent with Carter and Sophie not quite as complex or interesting as the maelstrom of emotions constantly swirling around the other two. Carter’s chapters are written in script-like form, something a bit jarring given the other three perspectives have no such clear distinction, and while we understand why it’s done that way given Carter’s entire life has been scripted for him, it seems just a touch out of place. Overall however, Ms. Eulberg has written a story rich with intriguing relationships where all the beauty and pain that accompanies change is laid before us in glorious detail.
I won't go into detail here about how to transfer the photos on to the wood... you can check my link above to get more information. Here are a few photos of the project-in-progress ::
Suddenly the sky clouded above his head and in a booming voice the Lord said, "Because you have TRIED to be faithful to me in all ways, I will grant you one wish".
It was evening. I’d just had my Chinese class and it had gone OK-ish (apart from the moment when my tutor refused to believe my surname was Buchdahl, as it sounds too much like the Chinese for “don’t know” – bu zhe dao).
Food in my family has always been an expression of love. I don’t recall hearing the words “I love you” as a child, but I didn’t have to be told as it was obvious with a glance at the dinner table. My mother, convinced that pre-packaged foods were a toehold into deviant behavior that would lead to paper-plate usage and a laissez-faire attitude toward making one’s bed, served full meals every evening.
Eilis is the youngest sibling in an Irish family, and her sister and brothers come up with the funds to send her to Brooklyn, hoping that she will be able to have a better life there. Eilis seems powerless to refuse and is swept along with their plans, although she really has no desire to relocate to America. She is a girl who hasn’t yet found herself, having always been under the shadow of her vivacious, beautiful and compassionate sister, Rose.
2 cups white wine
Bloom and Glow forever
Prior to leaving for Vegas, I did a little self-evaluation to help me identify some potential challenges I may encounter while traveling. This what I determined:
So I've been busy trying to get some more things on my etsy shop.. I haven't had anything new since Christmas, and I think it is about time I get my butt in gear and start working on it again...
Riverpark Farm is open to the pubic for tours on Tuesday at 12:30 pm.
So that’s my new goal. A bit of makeup, every day.
It was compelling and radical. It runs counter to everything that's being said about the continent. It's the kind of vision I love. Optimistic. Looking at an utterly hopeless situation... yet finding a kernel of hope.
Dinner: I am going to head into the kitchen and make some homemade macaroni and cheese and some chicken, and some veggies.
My biggest regret is that I left my phone in the car. No tweets, no pics, no notes aside from the things I quickly jotted down in my event program.
Hmmm, LastChance, why don't you tell us how you really feel?
yearning’s wet court of Ys–
Rubber Stamp : Unity Stamps
As seems to be the norm nowadays mine has been super busy .. .. and it has left no time for any colouring :-( .. .. so a make using my dies and sewing machine this evening instead.
But how is this possible? We know that as sinful people, nothing we do can possibly please God. In fact, although we work hard to make our lives count, to persevere through the tough times, we’re also aware that we ultimately fail at many of these tasks time and time again.
And looks good sweaty-
3. “Would you like some gossip?” (Distraction is helpful)
Groenewald said the reply also showed a total of 87 7.62mm rifles and 47 5.56mm rifles had been stolen from the SANDF since 2007.
Compare this shot with the more sinister Shot 11. In that previous shot, Manny's head is cut in the middle by the top of the bars. Now, his head is framed above the bars. Though he is giving the teller a clean look at his face, we start to see him as less dangerous. He has nothing to hide, though Hitchcock doesn't give it away by holding on this shot as long as the shot before and after it.
9And they of the people and kindreds and tongues and nations shall see their dead bodies three days and an half, and shall not suffer their dead bodies to be put in graves.
The human eye is also all about light. The eye controls how much light is let in. People talk about how shadows can hide things. Light can hide things too. Light can be so blinding that you can’t see. Light reveals and conceals.
Hallo there, welcome to an overview of the SFIFF Youth Media Mash-Up. There were about 10-12 short films featured on the program that I saw. There were mostly extremities. What I mean by that is there were really good films and utterly horrible films. I am only talking about a few of these.
We are so proud of your decision to follow Jesus and your growing passion for our Savior! I pray you continue to strive to serve Him each day with your life. I know He has big plans for you! You are already telling us that you want to be a missionary when you grow up! I will continue to pray daily for the wisdom and grace to parent you and support you as you pursue God's vision for your life! Our dear friends, the Mwanda's wrote to you about this verse and reminded us of God's promise from his Word.
If you could have three guests to dinner, (living or dead) – who would they be and why?
Cal Larson wasn’t expecting to find a hot sexy man stuck in a tree as he took his morning walk in the woods. When he meets Alex, sparks fly and these two will find that love is waiting to claim them. Except Alex has a secret…one that may bring danger toCal’s doorstep. CanCalfind it in his heart to accept Alex and let this one night stand turn into something much more?
My dad, completely perplexed, asked my mom, "Dear, what, exactly are you doing?" (I can totally hear him saying this, too. I can picture his exact tone of voice.)
I couldn't believe it. (I would be embarrassed to know how many times I've cried since I was ten.)
Pick 4: Browns
Mix the holy trinity (onions, bell pepper, celery) together in a bowl, set aside.
"I pulled over at the layby as they wanted to arrest two of my workers, because they didn't have papers.
Dialogue: 6,0:22:51.65,0:22:55.87,Default,,0000,0000,0000,,I wanted to go straight to the entrance, turning my homework in at the staff room on the way,
The building that formerly housed one of Melbourne’s most famous newspapers, The Argus, is on the market again and expected to fetch up to $12 million for owners Ryssal-Three.
I don't know who she is, but the Meegenius narrator did a fantastic job reading the book as well. Can I also admit the fact that hearing her sweet, cheerful voice say, "Illustrated by Ingvard the Terrible" makes me laugh too?
vegan bean chili
Whether for pleasure or work…
Pepy's records of his food and drink are useful to the social historian, but in content they are rather scant and frequently only list those foods and dishes which he found notable. His accounts of his stone feasts are among his most detailed entries. His day to day comments on his diet tell us a lot about his food preferences. Since he mentions it nearly fifty times, one of his favourite dishes seems to have been the luxury meat venison, which he usually encountered in the form of venison pasty. Sam usually enjoyed this high status dish, but he also had some bad experiences, such as at a dinner on 1st August 1667 at the house of his next door neighbour, the parliamentarian and admiral Sir William Penn, 'Up, and all the morning at the office. At noon my wife and I dined at Sir W. Pen’s, only with Mrs. Turner and her husband, on a damned venison pasty, that stunk like a devil. However, I did not know it till dinner was done. We had nothing but only this, and a leg of mutton, and a pullet or two.'
But what happened in 2010, Robin? While I was busy trying to run a country that I inherited in the midst of a fucking economic catastrophe–all while getting health care legislation passed that at least addressed some of the more glaring problems in our current system–these young people couldn’t be bothered to get up from their damn World of Warcraft to go cast their ballot for their democratic representatives.
Like your mama and yourself
With so many sources of information available to us in the twenty-first century, if you don’t hear about something, surely it must be expected to not exist. But that’s the problem. Because there is so much information our suppliers of information prioritise the information we receive in terms of its value as reading material.
So I’m thinking maybe if I put it down somewhere then maybe as I’m writing It will come out and then I’ll be fine to move onto something else..
I also unearthed some treasures that made me smile, like a ceramic rooster with its butt in the air, a shiny aqua bag the size of a Rubik's cube with boa feathers, and a charming "little" sum'n-sum'n in need of new batteries. Actually, I wept about that one too, but those were tears of joy. Obviously.
I have received a request for pricing for a large and complex project, 2 - 20' long walls, which involves no art work on my part, just fabrication and management. I vacillate back and forth this weekend on whether to pass or to go ahead and make the attempt. The panels are large, 4' x 8'6”, 34 sq ft, 163 - 221 lbs ea. depending on if it's 3/8” or 1/2” glass. If we pursue it, we will have to buy and install a sling for moving heavy glass. If we pursue it, it would solve our
‘Identical mutilations have been taking place all over the south west. whoever is responsible is well organised with boundless technology, financing and secrecy.’ When news of the cow abductions reached the White House in 1979, there was fear.
Kapua was curled on top of the DVD player (which is on top of another DVD player, which is on top of the TV, which is on top of a video recorder which is on top of a bookcase which is filled with DVDs…) … he is “the king of the mountain” so to speak.
But, as we all know, when it comes to monsters they're certainly hard to put down. Because the spirit of FBD is alive and well, simply hosted in a much more active and decidedly eccentric body. This blog will not vanish; it'll still be here for the perusal of any curious visitor. But if you're in a visiting type of mood, might I suggest a particular destination on your map? It's a little out of the way, but I hope you'll like what you find there.
3. Paul Pierce vs Joe Johnson
If you’re an entrepreneur, at some point you’re going to have to take your success and ask yourself whether you’re the right person to keep running it. It’s a tough decision, to be sure, and not many people are capable of answering honestly. In the end, how do you know if you’re doing the right thing or if you’re just doubting your abilities? Here are a few ways to think about it.
 Sweden – Stockholm Syndrome, Stockholms Tunnelbana, Fuck These People, The End, Picture Wrap
Over the years, it has really ticked me off when I hire a "Ghostwriter" to assist with writing content, for a large projects, and it is a spun article or not unique content. It just wastes my money and time because I have to go through and fix the documents so that they are quality unique content according to Google and Yahoo / Bing. BTW - don't forget to check out last week's Marketing Tip on Good Commenting practices.
This time everything fell into place. We immediately found a cheap flat to rent next door to my parents Hotel in Folkestone, I found a job for an Insurance company at the end of the road, Gary quickly got a job too and within a few months we had the opportunity to buy the flat we were renting at a bargain price. At last, it seemed, we were
the author flush
I'm not a skinny chick. I'm tall so it's hard to tell exactly how overweight I am, but I'm still big enough that you don't dress in baggy, shapeless clothing and then layer it. My mother wouldn't have let me out of the house in that ensemble. And if she did, she wouldn't be hanging out with me in public while I was dressed like that.
“Then stood there up one in the council, a Pharisee, named Gamaliel, a doctor of the law, had in reputation among all the people…”
After my tour I head back to the counter to pay and am astounded when presented with a small bill of just £6. Next time I head down Old Christchurch Road I shall definitely be stopping, what a mistake it has been to fly by in the past.
~Percy Bysshe Shelley
The result is that our cities fetishise and commodify conceptions of ethnic identity, whilst downplaying the gaps in power and socio-economic status. Though urban policy in the sixties worked to ameliorate racial discrimination and related economic disadvantages suffered by minorities, today’s policies do not recognize the structural and institutionalized nature of racial discrimination, and therefore fail to engage with its economic and political consequences.
Now, since I can't think of a good conclusion to this post, I'm just going to end it.
UniqueDaily was one of my favorite websites that I visited everyday.
It took me awhile to get my husband used to this, but now the whole family is on board!
In indigenous settings, indexes are things around which social
"Back to the Roots" is a 1971 double album by John Mayall released on Polydor. Recording sessions took place both in California and London where Mayall invited some former members of his band, notably guitarists Eric Clapton and Mick Taylor.
Phreak: I know. Have you seen my platinum badge?
One solider said of Cheryl’s visit to Afghanistan: “She’s a stunner and having her out here has lifted morale. She’s probably the biggest star to visit. Fair play to her, it’s a dangerous place to come.”
When I started collecting, a friend of my had sheets printed up for all of the buttons, and then they came out with a book that lists everything up to 2002.
Enough from me. But what would a Robert Frost’s Banjo Monday post be without a little music? I think this great Gillian Welch song may be appropriate to the mood.
Tiny Hag 12 1/2" tall, holds her sculpted Pumpkin staff
Jen.
Be on the lookout for "There Is Only Today" .. comin soon..
My Thoughts: Having read several books that have touched upon the tragic life of Mary Queen of Scots, it was nice to read a book that focused on the early years of her reign when she first came back to Scotland after being widowed. This is a young Mary who while intelligent, is also willful, spoiled, vain, and whose lightning fast changes in mood left her courtiers constantly guessing at how to try to please her. Embroiled in the drama of Mary's court is Rinette- a young woman with a gift for reading people and future events using flowers. Rinette wants nothing more than to quit the court and live a quiet life at her beloved Granmuir with her first love Alexander. These plans are put off indefinitely when Rinette is entrusted with a silver casket from the dying Mary of Guise who instructs her to only give the casket into the hands of her daughter Mary when she returns from France. Whatever is in that casket holds the fate to change Scotland and when Rinette makes the mistake of showing the casket to her beloved Alexander, he does the unthinkable and Rinette becomes a prize that every person of power seeks in order to gain access to the mysterious casket.
Whether you’re celebrating a great accomplishment or feeling down for any number of reasons, we all need someone in our life we can turn to who will listen with empathy and understanding. Emotional openness is the first part of bonding, which is the heart of intimacy. Making it safe for others to confide by being a good listener is one of the most valuable gifts we can give the people we love.
Michigan will be particularly hurt by this in the matter of the crops it produces as well as the water it has. The lack of snow over the past year will have a deep affect on the water levels of the lakes, which will in turn impact further weather patterns and industries.
Okay, so first thing I have to clear up: Janie is not one of those "heroines" that are supposedly tough and kickass but actually don't do anything but whinge and moan to the guy about having to be rescued. This instance is a one off. Throughout the book, Kai (who I seriously have a crush on now) tries to protect her and warns her against the undead and Daychildren, this is sweet because the way he says it isn't all "You are a woman, you can't handle this", he is simply concerned but Janie still tells him to shove it and that she can handle it herself, which she can! Janie is a great character, Browning has developed her so well - she is tough, stubborn, has lost and never loved and she is actually very emotional. Underneath all of her tough exterior, Browning has written her in such a way that reflects that she is still a teenage girl going to highschool. Janie is easily one of my favourite characters in a novel, I probably wouldn't befriend her instantly though, because I'm scared of her (but shh).
What really shined her for me was the writing. Not only does Yovanoff delivers a wonderfully written and atmospheric tale with captivating tones, unexpected twists and dark characters. More than anything, Yovanoff's world is completely unlike anything else I've ever read, and I love the fact that she doesn't shy away from dark characters deeper, more adult issues that infuse her novels with more depth than the average YA novel.
Soya sauce- 2 1/2 tbsp
20. In And Against The State, argues for a revolutionary attitude to the bosses State, as opposed to the reformist attitude of the statist Left.
and Hercules Morse
How bout you? Do you find it hard to rest?
And finally here is Tangerine Tango Matte. This had a fabulous formula for having a notoriously difficult to work with finish. This didn't dry too fast before finishing a smooth coat. Below is 2 coats.
Thank you for stopping by--I hope you had a wonderful Easter, and happy stamping. :)
Thank you so much to everyone who played along with our second challenge Ribbon and Lace, the design team thoroughly enjoyed visiting all your blogs and admiring the fabulous D'Arcy creations. After much ooohing and aaahing we finally made a decision and picked our winners.
“All the available information continues to show the situation at Fukushima Dai-ichi is stable, both for the reactors and the spent fuel pools,” NRC spokesman Scott Burnell replied via email. “The available information indicates that Spent Fuel Pool #4 has been reinforced.”
Roads- As of today the roads into Port-au-Prince from neighbouring provinces were largely accessible. However roads inside Port-au-Prince remained blocked by debris and by people too scared or unable to return home. Some roads are accessible by four-wheel drive. Heavy trucks- those not damaged in the quake- will struggle to get through the debris. There will be a limited number of transport vehicles (and drivers to run them) available, and a limited number of access roads to drive on until they are cleared. So even if supplies make it to key points of entry, distributing them within the city will be a slow process, again limited by available logistical resources.
Herbie Harper - Trombone
People who live in the country don’t refer to people who live in the City as The Urban’s. Stop doing it to us.
The boycott and transfer day were organized by users of social news site Reddit, which also set up a boycott site.
I received this book from Revell Publishers. I was not required or expected to write a positive review. The opinions in this review are my own.
baby & i have both been sick for the last couple of days, it was nice to get my fingers dirty. i love how i can jump into my hobby whenever i want. having a craft area in the house is so convenient. i'm so fortunate to be able to have a hobby. before i came across paper crafting, i was the person my family had wrapping all the gifts at Christmastime. that was pretty much the extent of my craftiness. i love it when God makes me blossom!
On the B side, 'I'm Down' is an insanely itchy piece of digital raunch. But a lot of the uncouthness has gone, as the big time beckons, perhaps ceded to a new Hurby Azor creation, Antoinette, who raps with the meanest, cold-hearted voice I think I've heard in rap – like she has vinegar for blood.
I come to the garden alone
Other blog stuff: A happy 81st birthday to former Monday Night Football announcer Frank Gifford.
If you read the title of this post you have probably already guessed which side that I have taken in this argument. Don't worry, I have no intentions of being a snob or belittling the wonderful world of technology and those who revel in it, I simply wish to explain my stance on the subject.
‘Nothing,’ I said
Idiot - All intelligenced based rolls are penalized by 1 for one month beginning immediately.
I was also able to finally finish three more sachets
So that is why timing is crucial too. There are even times that I still have to brew myself in the mood (in whatever means necessary) before words freely flow out of my thick skull.
-Follow me publicly
Aren't those great?! Then it was just a matter of finding the right fabrics, and figuring out the dimensions. The quilt was supposed to be gender neutral, so we opted for blues, greens, and turquoises.
As the Bavaria spokesperson says, Fifa don't have a trade mark on the colour orange. This is an astonishing abuse of human rights - admittedly a trivial one in the context of South Africa's recent history, but still deeply disturbing, because it's all about protecting the commercial rights of a beer brand. No brand should have the power to do something like this. If Fifa and Bud are to remain consistent in this policy, we should expect them to eject and detain any England fan with a St George's cross flag, T-shirt or face paint, because this is a device used extensively in marketing by Bombardier, a competitive beer brand to Budweiser. That would be utterly absurd, outrageous and unacceptable of course. But then so is this.
I started back on my eating program yesterday. It's an important step for me because in the past, I lose weight and then lose my way. The fact that i made it thru yesterday after taking 13 days off is great. I'm proud of myself because the voice that tells me "You can't stick to this" didn't win. Just a day by day approach but anytime I can fall apart, get up and try again is a big ass victory to me. Interestingly, without having food to buffer my thoughts and feelings, I have noticed the "chatter" has been a little more fierce and I don't really feel psychically that great. Cutting out the sugar is part of it, it has a nasty detox. It isn't about getting thin. "Thin" most times makes people look older or sick. I am tired of feeling powerless over what I put in my mouth and the sneak/secret eating makes me feel like I have a layer of grime on me. When you are out of balance and out of control and your drug is something you do in hiding, is different that food being your drug, because when you are fat, you have no choice in showing the world there is something out of balance. My powerlessness over food shows every time I move and my man boobs jiggle underneath the unforgiving fabric of my shirt. With drugs, you can simply not be around them, with food, we still have to eat. I'm inviting the program of NA into my food thing. Thankfully I don't have to know how to stay on an eating plan long term. I only have to care for myself with my food choices in this moment and then in this day. I remember an episode of Designing Women where Suzanne talks about the irony of her spending a day hurt and sad because she had too much to eat, when there was a boy representing a foreign country there trying to educate the world on the starvation of his family and others in his crippled home land.
Dionne: there is a room another candidate
equity. Can you look for, zilliant for some ways and Susan Smith, anyway. My name is Gil’s call me if you 12.
You ever look in your closet at all those clothes but have nothing to wear? Been there done that! With it getting to be spring time, almost time to hide the winter clothes and pull out somethings to help get some sun on this pale body, I love it. Sometimes :) I have a severe dislike of going through my clothes. But I had some inspiration that I have been meaning to share for sometime that I need to personally harness and hopefully will strike a chord for some of yall out there to get you started :)
It is with delight that I announce the winner of the Rondeau Roundup's Triolet Challenge!
Nausea – random symptom that would seemingly pop up out of nowhere. My first experience outside of childhood with nausea (childhood nausea was pretty much the result of flu and menstruation) was with morning sickness (all my pregnancies). In fact, prior to pregnancy, from my first menstruation cycle, nausea was so bad I was put on Phenergan pretty much every time it would hit for that once a month, eight-day ordeal. After my first pregnancy, I would occasionally have issues with nausea (and other embarrassing symptoms) whenever under extreme stress but I would just deal with it. It would appear with a vengeance in late 2003. I was initially diagnosed with IBS (Irritable Bowel Syndrome) but after a trip to the ER via ambulance because I felt I was having a heart attack (in my late 20′s) the ER doc did a simple ultrasound to find I had gall stones. I was referred to a gastrointestinal doctor and had my gall bladder removed (early 2004). NOTE: If I knew then what I know now about the gall bladder, I would have tried to have had the gall stones removed naturally! If you have your gall bladder and someone wants to take it out, please try everything else first! Even if the doctor disagrees. Nausea still pops up but now it’s usually because I’ve veered from our new dietary lifestyle.
Let’s get these reviews more attention, people. Post reviews on your webpages, tell your friends, do some of them crazy Pinterest nonsense. Whatever you can do to help my reviews get more attention would be greatly appreciated. You can also add me on FaceBook (Robert T. Bicket) and Twitter (iSizzle). Don’t forget to leave me some comments. Your opinions and constructive criticisms are always appreciated.
My Prayer: "God help us all to chose wisely making the most of each and every decision."
Only in the 9th and final innings was hope restored. Three Yankee runs brought the score to 5-7, with two out. A man on second. One homer, just one hit, would force the game to extra innings…
Our family found out the sex of our first grandchild a few days ago. Baby Dazz is a sweet, baby girl and if anything like her mom and most likely her dad, she will be full of spunk, stubborn and the best thing they could ever receive into their lives.
05 The Birds
We love you Aubrey and are so blessed to be your parents. You make us smile and laugh every day!
I began to feel like my entire writing career was, basically, pointless. I began looking at The Swan Kingdom and Daughter of the Flames and thinking 'Why did I even bother? No one likes them. No one's ever heard of me. I wrote high fantasy when I should have written urban fantasy/paranormal romance and I didn't promote enough or connect with the right people and I flushed my chance down the toilet. My life is exactly the same now as it would have been if both those books had never been written. I'm the scum at the bottom of the writing barrel. I ought to just. Give. Up'.
I read a second line “it has not been lost, rather it has simply fallen away”. Choosing to see something as lost had triggered a response to ‘fight’ to keep the friend in my life. Loss is something I particularly struggle with. The universe was giving me a gentle reminder – I could choose my reality, that is the friendship could be lost or simply in the flow of annica. One choice gave me freedom the other confinement.
That teacher would relent.
Use a good vegetable peeler to peel the winter squash. Use a large knife to carefully halve the squash and then scoop out the seeds and the stringy mess inside with a spoon. Then dice the squash into 1/2" pieces.
TO DOWNLOAD CLICK ON THE LINK WAIT 10 SECONDS AN CLICK ON THE SKIP AD BUTTON ON TOP RIGHT CORNER
to fill the hearts which Thou hast made.
The presenters did apologize after the second instance but Ofcom decided that the broadcast had breached rule 2.3 of the regulators broadcasting code which states that material which causes offence must be justified by the context.
Thus speaketh Ann Romney, the “working mom” (except for how actual working mothers might feel about her definition) at a meeting with the “Moms For Mitt” group yesterday outside Philadelphia, PA, when asked her opinion on Lilly Ledbetter and equal pay for equal work.
It was so statuesque, so tall, so strong – its stem larger than the area I could encompass with my two hands. It was full of moisture and had responded with phenomenal growth. But no yellow petals.
Robert L. and Anne K. James
Since their toddlerhood, Ana and Og have inspired me to create casual toys based on their interest at that moment, with things handy at home, nothing fancy.
4.Tarceva has also given me cold sores and cankers
While we were eating the photographer circulated around the room dropping off the photos he'd taken. The one of our group was pretty good, but pricy. However, a couple of rounds of negotiation brought the price down to a third of the original cost, so I handed over the money and purchased the picture.
Because she has impaired hearing, Ceri sometimes feels out of things when she can't catch what others say or she mispronounces words. But often she wants to be separate. Taking out her hearing aids is an act of defiance that empowers her. Then she can be alone with her thoughts, or listen to recordings of whale songs and paint and daydream about her imaginary country under the sea.
As you know, I'm into my history. While most of it does involve swordfighting and gladiators, sometimes it does stray into the big ideas of civilization.
After the goods were brought down, a young man helped himself down the ladder. Ashi struggled to go towards the man, but everyone was hurrying towards him.. They were shaking hands with him. Some were trying to get the man’s attention.
Then we all ate dinner and watched the third Pirates of the Caribbean movie (thumbs down) because Warren is going start start working on the fourth (yes, there is going to be another one) on Thursday. So, hooray! Warren finally got a full-length job! Yippee! And that's not the only good news. He will be in London for two months! So we're going to London again. Wahoo! And we'll get to visit Schuyler and David and Simon and Linnea. And maybe I'll get to meet some blogging buddies (Lynn?). And we can visit the woman who saved Jerry's life after his bike accident four years ago. And now that we have places to stay for free in Paris, Geneva, and Bern (thanks to the house swapping) we may even be able to squeeze in an excursion to France and Switzerland!! I'm trying not to get too excited because the film business is so changeable, but it's hard to remain calm about it all.
EVALUATION:
You're at the grocery store with your infant. You make all the way to the checkout counter without a hitch, when the little one gets upset. You're trying to comfort her while hurrying to unload the cart so you can get out of there as quickly as possible with your food. And that's when it happens. The person on line in front of you says something like: She's probably hungry.
A couple of days ago on the spur of a moment we stopped in to visit Jeanette, a pleasant older woman, we’ve come to know through her sons, Rick and Fred. It’s been nearly a year since we last visited and the age progression continues to take its toll. We thought we might encourage her with a brief visit.
Rose looked at me and said: “You go read Proverbs 3:5-6.”
So doesn't it just figure that I get my picture taken with comedian George Wallace and my bra strap is showing and my hair is flatter than usual and my arm looks fat and I have a weird look on my face?
Chris and the anesthesiologist were by my head the whole time. Chris ducked under the blue divider next to me to make triple sure that he wouldn't see anything. The anesthesiologist gave me a play by play (not graphically) of what was going on and joked with Chris the whole time. The play-by-play was a compromise: I wanted to know everything, Chris wanted to pretend that nothing was happening and fairies would deliver her magically. At one point the doctor laughed and said, "I take it you didn't feel that?" They'd pinched me hard and I hadn't felt a thing. I've always heard you feel a lot of pressure and tugging, but I didn't - or I was concentrating so much on Chris and the anesthesiologist that I missed it. I also didn't really hear anything and I'm not sure how. The only unpleasant thing I sensed was the burning skin smell when they were cutting. Chris heard a gush when they broke my water, but I missed that completely. I did, however, hear the most amazing sound in the world what seemed like minutes after they started: a baby crying. For some reason it hadn't hit me that I'd be hearing that sound at some point in this process, and the second I did: boom, tears.
Sales are coming! I know I said I would add them yesterday, but it's a busy time of year. I'm doing the best I can. I do plan on adding them today! :)
Fantasy readers will find familiar elements here but at the same time something quite fresh making Draykon definitely worth picking up.
and became heroes
Drafting a facing was one of those things that I had built up in my mind as more time consuming than it actually is, so I'd kind of avoided doing it. I couldn't have been more wrong. In fact it took less than 5 minutes, literally. For some bizarre reason I'd been labouring under the misapprehension that a bias finished neckline was quicker and easier. Ha! Sometimes there's no rhyme nor reason to the way my brain works.
This beloved character, a superhero, stands, cropped at the knees, bent forward as if examining something, the stark whiteness of the background giving forth no information. Spiderman is a spectacle figure, a pop icon, a character with an entirely known mythology. He is Peter Parker. He’s an enigma. He is both.
Sheila Paul, Consultant in Public Health at NHS Sheffield said:
Some key things to consider is that the brewing world sometimes finds itself caught up in its process description (read, sparging, lautering, striking, pitching, primary, secondary, wort, etc.) and doesn't give the opportunity to allow outsiders to focus on the actual how and why of brewing. This link breaks a lot of those things down for you really well. For instance, Striking is based on Strike Water, which is the heated water that is mixed with the grains originally that lead to the breakdown of the sugar enzymes while in the mash tun. Striking is the action of "putting the water into the mash tun," essentially.
I continued on with my practice but my head had started to hurt a lot. I tried my best to hold on until practice was finished. But when I tried to focus on my part, my sight got blurry and my head started to hurt even more. The pain is unbearable. I held my head but my sight went black. All I can hear around me is everyone screaming and panicing. What’s wrong with me…
I welcome additions to this list.
Identification Long wings; relatively short tail; straight, greatly indicated mostly blue-gray expenses with a blackish culmen; blue-gray feet. Adult male: red, with dark-colored cover and rear again. Wings dark-colored with red neck, bright lower side bar, sharp bright edges to trip down. Longest tail dark-colored with black-based red external rectrices. Female: diverse. Some like using its, but usually absence solid dark-colored head and have greenish red tail. Standard women red below, with darkish red experience and rear again, identified or blotched dark on rear again and title. Wings blackish with 2 bright side cafes (upper 1 wider), bright edges to trip down. Premature male: diverse. Like women, but no dark-colored on experience, more substantially red below, expenses often with pinkish or red develop. Juvenile: duller than immature, olive rear again lacking streaking, and unexciting, small buffy side cafes. Lilac develop to expenses obvious.
08 Captain Coconut
For those of you who are looking for the “proof in the day-glo pudding” read on….
One of my favourite genres of film is the post-apocalyptic dystopia. I probably like them for all the wrong reasons. I'm pretty sure that they resonate with an empty, hollow ring in the large, cold, dark, stony space in my soul where the words, "It doesn't effing matter" are carved into the bedrock in letters the depth of a spear.
She can't tell anybody about what she does -- they'd never believe her, or worse, they'd think she's a freak. So Janie lives on the fringe, cursed with an ability she doesn't want and can't control.
It appears that sellers on Ebay and Paypal have no protection from thieves who steal your goods.
Author: PJ Night
Apparently, Bush is still our president.
Consider planting in autumn rather than in spring
17. Sequence 17 (03:47)
13.Milk : 1/2 cup
Quick projects can be so satisfying!
Frederick is the author of the Mother Daughter Bookclub series. Her historical novel The Voyage of Patience Goodspeed received numerous awards including the 2003 Oregon Book Award for young adult literature.
grace outshine them all, causing Angels and I to sing.
If you're a writer, what age category do you write for?
The Most
I found a Pumpkin Pecan Muffin recipe in Feeding the Whole Family: Cooking with Whole Foods by Cynthia Lair that I decided to try. (This cookbook has several delicious healthy recipes.) Now I did modify this recipe quite a bit, partly because I didn’t have some of the ingredients on hand (e.g., cardamon, molasses) and partly because I wanted to add dark chocolate to the muffins (yep, I couldn’t resist :0).
I have thankfully assimilated to my foreign environment, and now I’m the one to chat up people in grocery stores, commenting on various soya sauce brands, the exorbitant price of red peppers, and of course complaining about the latest snowfall. I love my small town life.
A few days ago when I made some modifications to my blog’s template and added a featured posts box, I was asked how did I do that. It’s nothing too difficult or technical. All I did was installed the required Plugins, inserted the right code, and did a bit of styling to specify three of my favorite posts as featured.
I heard one of the next Betty MacDonald Fan Club Newsletter stories are about our beloved Betty MacDonald Fan Club Honor members Monica Sone, Darsie Beck and Gwen Grant.
We are:
Living and working in Cabo sounds like a dream. What is that experience like?
Drop Off ……………………………12:00 p.m. - 3:00 p.m.
During the webinar, Fleming also provided some clarification on house price indexes and explained that indexes reporting year-over-year prices showing negative numbers amid positive home sales reports might have to do with what was happening a year ago, and said sometimes negative numbers are negative because of a really good spring season a year ago.
Weight: 3.7 oz
Here I am at 18 weeks w/ baby #3
- For fast and natural earache relief (temporary, not used in place of a doctor visit), put a drop of olive oil in the affected ear.
In 2008, while at Harvard Law School, now head of the Office of Information and Regulatory Affairs, Cass Sunstein wrote a paper calling for some very anti-first amendment measures to be taken by the federal government.
I need to make plain that I’m perfectly happy with gentility. Trollope’s characters almost always know where the next meal is coming from. They have jobs and cars and futures. Actually Trollope is one of those writers — like Maeve Binchy or Rosamunde Pilcher — who make domestic arrangements sound immensely appealing, and that, for me, is part of the pleasure of her books. But it would be nothing without her characters. Here, the couple at the core of the novel are Anthony and Rachel Brinkley, parents of three grown sons. The tale opens at the wedding of the youngest, Luke. It’s a testament to Trollope’s professionalism that this scene introduces all of the players without confusing or boring us. Luke is marrying the spoiled beauty Charlotte. The other couples are banker Edward and his Swedish wife Sigrid, and brilliant but difficult Ralph, with his Bohemian wife Petra. I’ve had to reduce them to fit them in, but these are complicated, believable, attractive characters that I was happy to spend time with.
“Stop acting like your father!”
Might as well do one more…
My father's mother was a simple woman. She never had the chance to go to school. She was a functional illiterate who could read and write her own name, and little else. She'd been raised to respect and fear authority. When a doctor, let alone a government doctor, told her she needed surgery, there was never any question about what would happen next.
Bridgestone-New Football Testing!
I am smiling and you’re kissing my cheek.
As a sort of elder statesman of mid-Twentieth Century horror, it makes good sense to turn our attention to the work of Vincent Price. I grew up knowing him from the Canadian TV show, The Hilarious House of Frightenstein, and we’ve watched him in such classics as the, er, “memorable” film noir Laura.
Oh wait, I think I just spotted a table of obnoxious Canadian Tragically Hip fans. They were just talking about The Maple Leafs and high-fiving, so... I'm not surprised. This is the way it goes with Hip shows: there are always a bunch of Canadian expats (or tourists) who come to the shows here because in Canada, The Tragically Hip sells out stadiums, so getting to see them in a small venue--for these super fans--is pretty fookin' awesome, ay? The thing that pisses me off is that they always just get so into the "HEY LOOK AT ME!! I'm CANADIAN...JUST LIKE YOU GUYS IN THE BAND!!! WHOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOT!" There are always several douchebags sporting Maple Leaf hockey jerseys and drinking Molsens at the show, you know, just to drive the point home. I've been going to see this band for 20 years, and it just comes with the territory. But I will put up with it and I will have a great time because DAMN I love these guys. I have no idea why they haven't hit superstardom in the U.S., but it's fine with me b/c it allows me to see them play in little venues and experience the wonder that is Gordon Downie up close and personal-like. I am a superfan as well, let me assure you. I'm just a little less spaztastic about it. I hope.
- Jimi Hendrix
What I love about the cover is that after the K there (half out of the photo) is a : ). He has been asking me how to make those smileys on the computer. Even if he doesn't know where the colon and parenthesis keys are, he can replicate them in writing. It's so empowering!
The afghan I normally make looks like this, being about 4 and 1/2 inches wide and about 6 inches long:
“Okay. Jeth…it’s about…my thoughts….somehow, my mind digs into…places. Places which I shouldn’t be moving into. I don’t know…it’s…it’s just…..”
Colouring: Promarkers & Prismacolors.
It is 80 degrees outside right now. Such a relief from the last week, but, it s only10:45 in the morning. I know whats coming..and it's ugly. We got out early to the park today. Tanner park, by my grandmas house. For most of hte time, we had the park to ourselves. The a cute little 2 year old named Freddy and his grandma joined us. Elliott and Freddy palyed while Sam found the sprinklers and I blew bubbles for everyones enjoyment. After Sam had a swing slammed in his face and was knocked to the ground, we decided we had enough, and came home.
As an adult adoptee who has done much reading and counseling on the topic, I recognize the role-play here. People enjoy a happy adoptee, a “good” adoptee. People are most comfortable when things are going well. I love my family and had a great childhood. I was a high-achieving, goal-oriented type of girl growing up. I performed very well. That is very acceptable! But when I crashed and burned during my search for my birthfamily, I was altered. I lost my ground. I couldn’t grab a hold of my connection . . . . I didn’t think I could grab onto my family’s connection and my other family (my birthfamily) didn’t want me to connect with them. I was lost. So, I’m confused. Was my childhood/upbringing me? Or was I trying to “fit in,” to be accepted, to be loved? I can’t tell. -
Ellen/Reid: Ellen, you look marv in your Facebook photos. You really do. It is just amazing how you’ve managed to care for yourself and your baby. The clock is ticking, too; it won’t be that much longer now. Not that you have to share potential names with me, but you have some in the hopper, don’t you? At least it’s not like you’re gonna have twins where you could have a rhyming scheme like Dora and Flora, or something like that. One at a time sounds about right.
A whole day in the sunshine
Never Say Goodbye
“How’s your son who plays the violin?!?!”
I think my area where I lack balance is crafting for me! The only thing I have made and kept for myself is a peace and orange bag knitted from fabric strips. Most of work is either on behalf of others, sold on stalls or given away as gifts.
1) I don't know a whole lot of nice, Christian boys. In fact, I have don't know that many guys. There are a couple of them in our home-school group (completely different group from the meeting one) that I know, but not that well.
Archer is the cutest cuddliest lil man he is obsessed with diggers trucks and mummy's iphone , He is very bright and is like a mini version of his Daddy they are so alike it scares us , He is very bright and definately a boy sometimes poor Mummy doesn't get a look in
On a more personal level there’s Have a New You by Friday, a guide to accepting yourself, boosting your confidence, and, according to Dr. Kevin Leman, changing your life in five days ($17.99, Revell). The author has enjoyed success with this formula that he has written about in “Have a New Kid by Friday” and “Have a New Husband by Friday.” This is commonsense psychology and will prove useful to anyone who has not paid attention to the good advice offered by one’s parents, family and friends over the years. If you don’t like the “you” you are, pick up a copy. One of the ways some people express unhappiness with themselves is anorexia, a mental disorder that involves avoiding food. Answers to Anorexia: A Breakthrough Nutritional Treatment That is Saving Lives by Dr. James M. Greenblatt, MD, ($16.95, Sunrise River Press, softcover) is the author’s breakthrough new treatment for addressing and preventing the disease. “Anorexia nervosa,” says the author, “is not just an eating disorder. It’s the most lethal psychiatric disorder on the planet. One out of every five patients dies within twenty years of diagnosis, predominantly from suicide.” Sadly he concludes that the medical profession has failed the millions, primarily young women, though increasingly men, whose self-imposed starvation is unleashed by the disorder. Need it be said that if you know someone with the symptoms, you should put the book in their hands or those close to them.
When I saw that Gloria Revelle (Deborah Shelton), we discover her name after we see the contents of her purse, had dropped the panties, the same panties we watched her try on and purchase with the intensity of a thousand suns, in the trash, I thought to myself: What a waste of a perfectly good pair of panties. However, when Jake rescues the barely worn panties, in clear view of Gloria (who is busy tipping the mall's valet), from the crumpled grip of their soon to be trashy tomb, I cried misguided tears of joy. In all my years of looking at stuff, never have I seen a decision this logical, this sane implemented in a movie before. I doubt Will Smith would ever star in a movie where he ends up pocketing a pair of panties that weren't his. Of course, the hallowed panties end up shining an unsavoury light on him later in the movie. And even though a square detective (Guy Boyd), one straight out of a 1940's film noir, has the nerve to call him a "pantie sniffer" during questioning, I'm sure everyone will agree that his impromptu pantie adoption was the correct course of action.
‘‘(3) ANTI-TASKING RESTRICTION.—Nothing in this section shall be construed to permit the Federal Government to—
of you will always have the most complex of transactions.
the bookcase was mine. gave it to mama. she used it for awhile and now i have it back. she didn't need it anymore and i never pass up a bookshelf. i use them everywhere! this one holds everyday shoes. and in the bins are hats and mittens. it seems like we need them year round here, so ours just stay out. on top are some of my favorite accessories that have been stashed away with no great place to display them. now they also have a home.
I've taken the past few days off from baking, and recipe creating, and oh yeah, photographing food and that in and of itself has been odd. I've welcomed the rest, but do admit that I missed it.
I seriously had no idea there could be something so great in the world as reading a book to my kids that I wrote. I had no idea that the thrill of reading it to them could outshine the thrill I got writing it. From that moment, I wanted nothing more than to spend the rest of my life writing books that I could read to my kids. And that someday they could read to their kids. As I hugged them goodnight, I made a choice to embark on a journey I knew would be painfully hard and that would take me years and years.... and there was no part of me that wasn't okay with it. I've been living off that high ever since.
The one thing I am 100% sure about is that, come November, I will step into the polling booth and place my vote for the Democratic candidate for President. Whoever that may be.
What are the biggest mistakes people make when heading to their local Goodwill?
PLFs USED TO TERRIFY PUBLIC AND PREPARE FOR “ALIEN 9/11”
Game- Introduce game: Introduce game: Today I will send home a Take Home Test. Let’s see how well you can answer the questions.
Richard and Ronay Menschel
Then five months after we got married, my dad died. He left life-insurance money to my mom. She suggested to my husband and me that she use part of the life insurance money on a down payment on a piece of property with 2 houses on it and then we would share the mortgage. Her thought was that it would help her to have us near. I am the oldest and the rest of my siblings were still at home. So we did that.
The field of creation moves towards love, moves away from fear. It is very much like placing matter and anti-matter together, the seeded desire explodes into chaos whenever fear is present. Fear doesn’t vibrate, it is a dead zone.
So lot's of time to practise my hobby in the early part of the day: Foraging and Exploring.
At the peak of his penurious fame, he was producing reviews, radio scripts and journalistic features by the dozen, working through the night after hours of drinking and converting wild impassioned pub discussions into fascinating vignettes. Although forever scraping by on the charity of friends, acquaintances and publishers, Maclaren-Ross was known as much for his writing, his formidable intellect, as he was for a lifestyle that often saw him broke, sometimes homeless and perpetually in poor health. A typical denizen of nocturnal Soho, he was once described by friend and fellow writer Anthony Powell as having the “air of a broken-down dandy, though just what breed of dandyism was not easy to define.” It seems, by and large, that Maclaren-Ross’ talent and career was impeded by self-destruction, a theme that runs through the Collected Memoirs with a kind of abject theatricality. These reminiscences often include stories about his time on the battlefield, but the snapshots of war he relays tend to tell human stories, rather than document the atrocities of combat. Here he is in one entitled Company X: “I remember one night standing in a trench next to a corporal when all sounds of strife had long since faded and any danger was clearly past, both of us frozen to the bone despite long woollen underpants, battle dress, greatcoat, balaclava helmet and woollen gloves…when I cursed our lot the corporal stolidly replied: ‘Could be worse mate.’ I said: ‘How could it be worse?’ We’ve been here two bloody hours frozen solid…so how could it be worse?’ The corporal said stolidly: ‘Could be bleeding sight worse mate. Could be pissing down with rain as well.” Maclaren-Ross talks of his time in the army with reluctant fondness, despite the fact that he was almost killed while working on a firing range. A wayward bullet had caromed off his helmet, and he recalls that “For years I carried this bullet about as the One with My Name On it, possession of which, according to army superstition, guaranteed immortality, at least for the duration.” He later lost it down a city street drain.
To bring you back to me,
Also my laptop has been fixed, the only thing was that they had to replace the hard drive. No problem, as I had made regular back ups, nothing was lost right? WRONG! After re~installing my data I found our that almost all my photo’s have vanished! so for the last day & 1/2 I have desperately trying to retrive whatever can be retrieved.
I love it, don't you?
Words from a Fujipet User
Perhaps it was appropriate that, shortly after buying a Kindle last week, I settled down into a transatlantic flight home, with the 12 September edition of the Wall Street Journal in hand. And there it was, staring me in the face on page 1 of the Marketplace section, an article entitled "e-Book Prices Prop Up Print Siblings." Now that I have a vested interest in the e-reader platform, the question of how e-book pricing differs from print books has become a matter of intense interest. The facts and figures as set out in the article make for interesting reading.
I was about to ask him if he was sure, but demurred.
Sphere was released a LONG time ago. It was a science fiction thriller that happened 20,000 leagues under the sea and it starred Sharon Stone, Dustin Hoffman, and Sam Jackson. I don’t remember much of Sphere. What I do remember is the woman who sat behind me.
Come and say hi
- identify the technical features distinguishing the claimed subject-matter from the closest prior art,
that it was because I am part of all life
‘Don’t Read My Books with a Red Pen in Your Hand’.
10:30am-11am craft time, that will either tie into our weekly theme or that days lesson.
Sacre Bleu is a book about art, if you couldn't figure that out from the subtitle. But it of course has a little of the supernatural woven in because it's Christopher Moore. The story opens with the death of Van Gogh. One day he goes out to paint in a field, shoots himself in the chest and the drags himself a mile to the door of a doctor while raving about a Colorman. But why would he shoot himself and then walk a mile to a doctor? And who is this Colorman Van Gogh said has been following him around France?
Not sure we really had any jaw-droppers, but I think the person who was most excited about his gift was Mr. LS who received the P90X videos from me, and was ridiculously happy about it.
Currently, these are the things this happy hometown mama is raving about.
Well, it's been raining for the last week, everything is green and lush and London is once more recognisable under a grey drizzly sky. Summer's been and gone!
“This is not about…what you should do. It’s not about what you should change… It’s not about trying harder to be better, to be more right than where you are now. Of course, the people around you may pressure you, to insist what they want that you just couldn’t.
The giant whale of Antarctica.
I do not want a cowboy or anyone else and Damn it! I want you to want me.
Ok, enough with the teapots already! And now for something completely different:
Laura posted me an Iron Maiden t-shirt. Yeeeah!
Homburg: "The Elizabeth spring has an opening effect on the bowels after three glasses and the waters are employed in congestions of abdominal organs, and are especially useful in gout, rheumatism and to those indisposed after a winter's round of gaieties"
Movement: I’m starting to feel those weird full body rolls that make me stop and think, “what the crap was that?!” Sometimes it feels like everything inside me is shifting and moving and it’s an awkward combination of feeling cool and gross at the same time.
i am sure i could get a much better copy online for probably close to what i paid for it at this show. but i don't care!
CERN of one of the major experiments looking for the Higgs Boson; an as-yet-undetected particle that is believed responsible for giving all other particles mass. Scientists offered a tantalising glimpse of a subatomic fragment sometimes called the “God particle” because it gives substance to all matter in the universe.
Dinner: Campbell’s Noodle Condense Soup (120 calories) French Vanilla Ice Cream (140 calories) Gaterade G2 (20 calories)
BTW, Kim's ex husband is a douche. I can totally see why she left him. Oh yeah, I went and saw the movie, The Girl with a Dragon Tattoo. OMG, it was excellent. The most horrifying rape scene I ever saw. I wanted to close my eyes. Then she gets him back and its great.
I have decided to shift the focus of my life to the dream world. Really. It’s much nicer there and, major plus point, it’s warm. Last night I spent the majority of my time splashing around in the Pacific and running down waterfalls. It was heaven. Okay, so there was the small matter of all the dead/sleeping people littering the boats by the cliffs but hey… Then I wake up and there is ice on the inside of the window and even the dog is shivering. But no…this isn’t going to be a post about astral travel and lucid dreaming…not quite yet…
When I eventually did, I switched the characters of Fionnula and Aed - named after two of Lirʼs children, but whose propensity for turning into swans was entirely voluntary - for a brownie (borrowed from Scots & English folklore) and a púca (very definitely Irish), ditched an extraneous character, and sent Bansi off on her adventures. And then came the point at which Pogo, the brownie, and Tam, the púca, lost Bansi and had a furious row about it, and I needed another character to defuse the situation and perhaps add a bit of light relief.
243 - Steve Trout
“I was ashamed of my behavior all week. I was scared you would take it as a commitment if I responded to you.”
What does clearing out emails have to do with spirituality and why am I writing about it here on my blog? Isn't it just an example that I'm disorganized?
“Sounds like a juicy story. How do we get an invite?”
I have been listening to KLTY a lot more these days. I really like that radio station - nice encouraging music and I LOVE Christian music - well heck music in general :)
To find further evidence of the Durham electorate's racial loyalty one need look no further than the fact that even after a disgraced Nifong had been forced to stand down, and the accused players officially exonerated, the people of Durham went on to elect Tracey Cline, Nifong's black assistant DA to replace him, despite her own questionable involvement in the same prosecution.
We are scheduled for a c-section on January 24, 2012, which also happens to be my wonderful husbands birthday.
Okay, that's out of the way.
Pleased as I was to see all of them this evening, I was particularly anxious to address two topics of immediate concern: first, Habib’s job security – he was given unofficial word last week that he is about to be laid off. He still has not been given formal notice from his school administrator, although word has already begun to spread through the community where he works. This is the danger of teaching in a small town. Second, the text message that Genevieve sent me last night, requesting my reference for a job application.
ABV: 9%
Though twelve bars long, the verse feels irregular, perhaps partly because of the way the chords cut off and end without the expected cadence, but certainly in great part because of the melodic structure and rhyming pattern on top. Lines one and two of the verse each take two bars and seem to set up a pattern where the listener is going to get the rhyming word in line four at the end of measure eight. Instead, lines three and four have an internal rhyme of their own that has nothing to do with the lines that preceded them. Over the last four bars, we get three more lines sung over the triplets that all rhyme with one another:
An entire day,
Place crackers in the bottom of a 9x13 pan. Have enough crackers available for 2 more layers. I usually open two packages so they are ready to go because you need to get them on quickly.
One of the issues we can never resolve is about colds. I come from a family with multiple kids. When one of us came down with a cold our Mama was tough enough and smart enough to place the sick one in isolation to prevent the spread throughout the family. Blowfish is an only child. When he had a cold his mother moved him to the living room sofa so grandmothers, aunts, uncles and cousins could all dote and wait on the poor little sick man. Thus, before we even get to the reality of dealing with the actual cold you can see where we are poised for conflict.
The Scenario:
Armé d'un goupillon, il entra dans la lice
Nothing like performing something that is so easy on paper and coming to the realization that the movements serve a purpose and have meaning. Don’t look at these last two programs as something adverse, rather see them as a challenge to persevere through, ENJOY!!!
Windows 7 Vs Windows 8 comparison
brown meat, drain and mix with sauce
20Again, When a righteous man doth turn from his righteousness, and commit iniquity, and I lay a stumbling-block before him, he shall die: because thou hast not given him warning, he shall die in his sin, and his righteousness which he hath done shall not be remembered; but his blood will I require at thine hand.
January 19, 2012
She picks up her shirt from the floor and just holds it. "It's not that I don't want to." Hesitating, she twists her hands around the shirt, as if she was wringing it dry. She exhales. "Maybe some other time?"
But Simon didn’t do much better – yes he chose ‘rock bands’ – but the songs themselves were not Rock n Roll.
If you could drink one coffee, and one coffee only, for the rest of your life, what would it be? Share your thoughts by commenting!
dimmu borgir - Corona Showcase, Corona, CA, USA. (19.09.99) DVD-M
In writing the vision we are creating the awareness to we can do for God and what He is willing to do for us. It starts with a leap of faith.
It's a pile in the sun.
Another example, and another dinner party. A friend admitted to me that she would be voting for Marine Le Pen next year. I was pretty shocked, as I had never considered her to be far right at all, and she must have seen the shock on my face. But I was the only one to be surprised. And the conversation turned into a rant on immigrants, and I was sat there wondering how to extricate myself from my own dinner party, exchanging glances with my husband who was also feeling pretty uncomfortable. I tried pointing out that I am an immigrant, but it appears that I am the right sort of immigrant.
4 yours
Tuesday was my busiest day at the Fair. Meeting with a journalist, lunch with a literary agent and film scout in the US (an old friend), then a very productive meeting with the people at Frances Lincoln. Editor and Art Director as before but now joined by my illustrator for the Great Big Books of .... Ros Asquith.
Until Next Week,,,,or sooner, if the coffee holds out!
My dear friend had loaned me three books that bring her much joy and thought she would pass on the pleasure. Two of the books were European interiors, also in a language that I could not understand. I reverted back to my toddler days where turning each page and just enjoying the pictures were all I needed to sponge up out of the book. The 3rd book, was in English and my favorite by a mile. Pictures worth a thousand words and a good read no doubt. I thought I would pass it on to any French loving, cafe going, culture club connoissuers!
So much so I doubt I’m sane.
kind of lop-sided and wonky.
I wish you would have concentrated more on
On his lap.
It highlights the perverse sentimentality we have in this country about maintaining a Marxist style healthcare system despite all the evidence that things could be so much better if a degree of competition, even if it is only in the supply of certain services or supplies, were introduced.
Spanking Sorority Girls is a brand new spanking site that stars Veronica Ricci as a new sorority pledge at a school for wayward girls. It features several top spanking models such as Snow Mercy, Sarah Gregory and Katherine St. James, as well as some exciting new talent. The soap opera style format follows Veronica from the time her mother gives her her first ever spanking as a high school senior, to her enrolling at the college and getting hazed and initiated. At the same time, Veronica explores her sexuality with other pledges. This sorority and private school, that even has nuns as teachers, encourages corporal punishment to show these girls the errors of their way. Lots of stunning ladies, great bottoms, sexual exploring and extreme spankings with hand, hairbrushes, canes and paddles!!
One thing I can tell you, I think I finally found spring!! And it smells of the sea and has cold hands when it caresses your hair and face :-)
With the housing market and economy being what they are, it's impossible to predict how long it will take to actually sell the house, but she was being realistic though hopeful that it wouldn't take too long.
If you want to get your hands on some of this sweetness, Tomorrow's Memories has lots of it but you better be quick they were walking out the door yesterday. LOL most of it coming home with me!
The Tea Party came into being to protest Obamacare. It now elects men and women to Congress, altering the balance of power in the 2010 elections, and will likely decide the outcome of the November elections.
We drove to my parents house and waited for Santa to come. We put out cookies, and we sprinkled the reindeer food in the yard, and we waited. Abby came in the next morning and was speechless at all the presents under the tree. Santa brought her all the things she asked for - a toy dog, kitty, doll, and playdoh. Aaaaaand, about a suitcase worth of other stuff. There were so many presents that Abby asked to take a break mid morning. She said, "I think I just need to go wash dishes for a while" And she did. After she'd done some washing, she came back and opened the remainder of her gifts.
The last time we saw Justine and her temperamental guide, they were standing before a man dressed as a lizard in tennis sneakers uttering the phrase, "suck me" everything ten to fifteen seconds. And, thanks to Monique Montage (your go-to gal for all your continuity needs in the Devil in Miss Jones mid-80s-era sequel universe), that's exactly where The Devil in Miss Jones 4: The Final Outrage starts off. After a brief refresher course detailing all the unsavoury business that transpired in The Devil in Miss Jones 3: A New Beginning, the fourth chapter, yet again under the watchful eye of Gregory Dark (New Wave Hookers), has Lois Ayres' Justine Jones and Jack Baker's Hell Guide doing what they do best: Arguing loudly in the most shrill and politically incorrect manner possible. This particular bit of contention revolves around giving the man-lizard (Kevin James, Johnny Rico from Café Flesh) fellatio. You see, in order to move forward through the bowels of Hell, someone needs massage this thing's penis with the contents of their mouth. And since Justine is the one who wants to continue on their journey, the sucking onus is placed squarely on her harmonious shoulders. Finally relenting after some intense soul searching, Justine drops to her well-defined knees and proceeds to treat the lizard-man's erect penis like it were a frozen treat of some kind.
“Car? Bakit wala kang imik? Galit ka ba?”
KC from The Sewcratic Method. I suspect we are twins separated at birth. With one exception she knits. Well too. I only knit simple things badly. In her last post everything she sewed, I had sewed or it was on my list. If we are as I suspect, twins, I had to nominate her, we are family after all.
To serve, sprinkle with the softened garlic, sesame seeds and chili pepper flakes.
Also in the Guardian today, in the same edition in which Andrew Motion, chair of this year's Booker panel, complains about the poor editing the judges encountered (as did Claire Armitstead recently regarding the Guardian First Book Award), there's a very interesting letter from Chris Parker which I think is worth quoting: ...falling editorial standards is shared by editors themselves. As well as having to correct the most basic spelling and punctuation mistakes made by authors "educated" since the mid-70s, editors are frequently asked by publishers to copyedit and proofread (two distinct processes) at the same time. Before the 1990s, a typescript would be subjected, before typesetting, to a rigorous copyediting process, then proofread (often by two people) to ensure that all the copyeditor's changes had been implemented. We are now asked by most publishers to "cast a quick eye" over proofs which have been set straight from authors' disks, bypassing the editorial process altogether.
See you Saturday!!
Beautiful that war and all its deeds of carnage must in time be
“I’m here to tell you, that comment about weasel cookies probably saved the known universe. “ Chapter 22: Friends in the strangest places
We also drank a ton of water and walked everywhere, so the eating was guilt free, almost.
Over the weekend I noticed a dramatic increase in the amount of facebook freakouts over gas prices. What do people expect? It's a LIMITED resource and there's no where for costs to go but up- that's just basic economics- and yet people continue to be blissfully ignorant that their own reliance on this non-renewable resource is the REAL problem.
For throwback thursday (as promised) is the story of where lover boy and I first met. (if you did not read the lover boy post, you can later)…
And so I wrote a response to this poem delineating what I saw to be the weak points in what he (Miro) had put out there—
So, naturally, I’m going to interview her… cuz I’m cool like that.
There were however a few rumblings of discontent after the initial announcement and in the early episodes. A fair number of people who had read the manga warned that the story gets worse and kinda ridiculous. But given the strength of the first few episodes, how true could this be? Nothing more than a minority opinion from those who didn’t enjoy it? Or perhaps they knew what was up, and simply giving the rest of us advance notice?
» 10/30 – Kansas City, MO @ Sprint Center
But hey, I guess it’s easy to get distracted when something like this happens:
I ramble on a lot about house repairs and such so I thought I should give a broader picture of what I’m dealing with here. The lay out of my house is well to put it bluntly, half assed. It was a two story house that some idiot had the bright idea to turn into a two family dwelling. I was the unfortunate fool who got roped into buying it. I live on the second floor that originally was just extra living space for the main downstairs dwelling. A man had to be the one who constructed the add on’s to the house because he didn’t think to add on storage space. Except for a kitchen pantry we have no closets. What we do have is several areas of wasted space. I have a sun porch off the kitchen that would be perfect for a laundry room, and a converted sun room in the shape of an L that is two small for an actual bedroom but would have made a better choice for a bathroom then the current tiny hovel I have now. Living here has its challenges when you have 3 adults crammed into an 800 sq foot space.
By authors, he really just means Scott Turow. Otherwise, you might actually run across some authors who aren’t all that fond of the traditional book business model, and they might even hold opinions that don’t truck with illegal collusion and price fixing. Can’t have that. Don’t these silly writers understand that if something isn’t good for old school publishers, then it must be bad for them, too? I mean, writing and literature–hell, the entire culture itself–will simply cease to exist if the so-called Big Six go under. I’m sure I read that somewhere.
In true surprise party fashion, we are celebrating a day early
The traffic is stuck
But I love when a room has an element that 'Pops.' And since this is for a little girl, there is room for some risk-taking. When I first received this highboy from my grandfather, I knew I'd paint it....and assumed it'd be white or something creamy and 'pretty.'
And that’s all…the Panel and I will step back from friend mode and become mere observers while you live your life and revel in your joy of finally having a family. Enjoy it.
Mix & Serve.
Anyone who has been to Israel can understand that cities like Ma'aleh Adumim and Ariel among others cannot be moved, or their Jews uprooted to somewhere else-like graveyards, ovens, the Mediterranean or Africa.
Journal of Intellectual Property Law & Practice (2011) doi: 10.1093/jiplp/jpr129, first published online: July 29, 2011
The NT makes it clear that it is not enough to simply acknowledge that Jesus is (a) lord (cf. Matt 7, Luke 6). One must acknowledge that Jesus is YHWH God to the extent that it leads them to live differently as a result.
There's motors an' traffic an' racket an' horns;
Mok J, Pembrey L, Tovo PA, Newel ML. European Pediatric Hepatitis C virus network. When does mother to child transmission of hepatitis C virus occur? Arch Dis Child Fetal Neonatal Ed 2005; 90: F156–60.
We are right to express outrage at what seem to be the racially-motivated murders in Tulsa, Oklahoma last week and what seems to be the racially-motivated killing of Trayvon Martin in Sanford, Florida. What shouldn't surprise us, however, is the virulence of race prejudice in our country. For most of our nation's history--save the last 55 years--there was little equality in law, in schools, in marital relations, in our government, in the military, in society and in opportunity.
Price/Value: ¥23 000 (about $275) for set menu, excluding 10% service charge. For us, we each had sake, wine, and add-on soba course, totalling out to about $32 000 per person. Definitely a special occasion restaurant. 4/5
“Excuse me. Was this blood harvested locally?” (Cue entitled glance.)
These days, US Bank is retreating on multiple fronts. First and most immediately, protesters at UC Davis recently won an important victory in the battle against the financialization of public education when the bank decided, following a blockade that lasted an entire quarter, to close its on-campus branch. While it remains unclear whether the new ID cards that UC Davis students were forced to obtain, which double as US Bank ATM cards, will be phased out ("Your Aggie Card. Your ATM Card. All in one."), the bottom line is that a central and high-traffic space on campus has been stripped from the bankers' hands. The administration and the Regents will continue their search for "new, fun sources [of revenue]," as UCD Associate Vice Chancellor Emily Galindo described the US Bank deal (at approximately minute 2:30 in the linked video), but this space is ours -- it belongs to the students, workers, faculty, and community -- and we won't let them sell it off (or, for that matter, sell us off) again in backroom deals to their fellow 1%-ers.
Michelle Bachmann with her grating accent and helmet of hair... I liked her but her voice was like nails on a chalkboard, like Sarah Palin's... The Old Boy Network sank her early on, with help from that terrible Newsweek pic that the Left purposely used...the Left and their media lackeys turned her into the new Palin.
I hope your feelings aren't too hurt by all of this. After all, with a name like "Summer School," you should probably come to expect this sort of reaction. I'm sure one of these days I'll look back and be thankful for the memories we made together...
I think elementary teachers along with parents have the greatest impact on children’s perceptions of the world around them. Very young children seem more receptive to true paranormal experiences as they do not have a solid belief system in place and their every intention is pure and spontaneous. Children are impressionable and beliefs taught as facts can certainly distort their reality. So before you were old enough to start middle school, already your perceptions are distorting because of other peoples ideologies.
I wanted to read this book because I enjoy a good glass of win every once in a while. Also, I have been fascinated by wine making and wanting to be a wine conissiour and host a wine party. Wow, I got more than I bargained for with this book. I now know more about wine making, grapes, and Jewish lifestyle than I ever thought I would.
983 **D-IX/17/1987. “The Three Constitutions of 1787: The Past is Prologue.” Albion College, Albion, Michigan. (Incorporated in Item 1991(2), above, pp. 1083-97.)
But that’s soooo hard…
This, however, has flown in the face of what many of us have come to expect from the kinds of places we set aside for children to play. In fact, the centerpiece of just about every playground in America now is what we call the "climber," a collection of ladders, stairways, bridges and slides mashed together into a tidy, compact unit, beneath which is generally a smooth spongy surface that supposedly protects bones and skin in the case of falls. There's nothing like that in our outdoor space and I imagine that if one's child is "a little monkey," our outdoor classroom with its sandpit, workbench, art tables, garden, windmill stage, boat, and unicycle merry-go-round might not look like it has a lot of offer by way of climbing.
I said I’d blog, which is something I don’t actually do anymore.
We never like hearing the truth.
Through this process of searching to understand his familial and spiritual roots, gratitude flowered. He expressed his thanks to me through a tribute written in the form of a MBA application essay, the entire content of which I cannot share until after the application process ends. Yet this line from the rough draft copy made me weep uncontrollably:
With the jigg up the skeleton hustles back to malvora with the schema, only to be taken down a moment later by a wand-shot from Magnus. While Glorin and Nolan chop and maul the giant skeletons the not-vampire Claw leader casts a fog spell to try and cover his escape and sow confusion. After a few more frantic rounds of flailing around in fog and darkness the battle is over and the Order evaluates the situation...
She may be weary,
The Beer family had earned its wealth through investments in transportation and communications, building railway lines throughout Europe, the Americas, and the Far East and revolutionizing the world by wrapping it in telegraph lines. Frederick, intellectual and scholarly, set aside the family's commercial interests to assume the reins of his father's newspaper, the Observer, a Sunday weekly dedicated to the social and political concerns of the rising middle class. Rachel and Frederick, kindred spirits with a passion for one another and the visual and performing arts, as well as a penchant for social justice, joined their ambitions and fortunes in an Anglican church in August, 1887—one day after Rachel, uncoerced by spouse, custom, or law, converted to the Church of England, alienating her family forever.
For a schedule of each party see below:
I think the mobile ban at both the GABF and the WBC is well worthwhile, partly because you often think that you know a beer and end up being completely wrong and could tweet about it being in fine form and give false hope too. My best example of this is that one beer competition I was convinced I was drinking Deus, as it's such a distinctive beer, and it turned out I was actually judging Eisenbahn's Lust - so it just goes to show how wrong you can get it!
10. What's your favorite thing about blogging?
R10- Sc dec around (7)
An action is right if it produces the greatest good for the greatest number and the least pain or sadness.
Is Chris just crying? Wouldn't you think that in the pervading atmosphere where the favorite flavor of craft beer is NEW, a new beer on the shelf in September that promised real Harvest character/story would work? Wouldn't you think actually releasing an Oktoberfest in mid-September would work? After all, I keep hearing from brewers that their seasonals run out before the season's over! And here comes 'Tardy Brewing Company's True Oktoberfest' in September, with its label proclaiming "Never Released Till We Hear The Oompah!" and you'd think that would kill, right?
Oh, Lord, I need to know You
you saw me standin' alone
Hope you have a great day :)
By the way, anybody looking to make an Alexander Hamilton-themed pilgramage is in luck. His home, the Hamilton Grange, will be re-opened to the public later this summer. The structure was famously uprooted and moved back in 2008 to St. Nicholas Park.
Some of these are innocent enough, but a great many more are the result of deliberate thaumaturgy, and if you trace back the rhetoric to its source, it’s not hard to see the thaumaturgy at work. If the source is a book, look for the couple of chapters right up front that describe the horrible future we’re going to get, barring a miracle, and notice further on that the plan of action offered by the writer doesn’t actually promise the miracle; the resulting doublebind heightens the stress on the readers and thus makes the binary reaction harder to shake off. If it’s visual media, watch for the same things, heightened by sharp juxtapositions between images that have radically different emotional charges—the famous ad run by the Johnson presidential campaign in 1964, alternating images of a hydrogen bomb going off and a little girl plucking daisy petals, is a classic of the type.
# 2: Julie Kagawa – The Iron Daughter
This was defeated 10-3, with only Kovach and Coun. Jim Furfaro joining Bell in support of his amendment.
It's time for another Just Elements Challlenge! And time to announce the winner of the previous challenge!
On "the smiling coast of Africa," lies a small country by the name of The Gambia. I had never heard of it before, but used a random country generator to figure out what international cuisine I wanted to try next. When I happened upon this stew, my mouth dropped. It sounded so frickin delicious I could hardly wait to make it.
I went to the Inkwell, part of Mind Leeds, in Chapel Allerton. Had a spot of food, coffee, listened to music and a little light comedy. Suddenly Felt I just had to leave. Had no one to talk to there. Same feeling of wanting to hide away. Didn’t want to look in the eye of anyone there. Just travelled back on 48. No idea why this palpitating keeps coming back. I am threatened by this end. Inkwell maybe does well for those knocking on heavens door. I might be closing in on that, but not yet: not right now.
Just so you know that I am still here. I have not fallen out of the “blogosphere.” I am not dead.
I continued to labor all night at the birth house and it became so intense I thought for sure I was in transition and that we would have a baby that night (which happened to be my brother’s birthday!). I threw up a few times and had body shakes, which are all signs of the last and most intense part of labor. Heather checked me and I had progressed to 7 cm and I remember being excited but wishing the last 3 cm would go by quickly. That wasn’t the case at all. I spent some time in the tub hoping that would speed things up. I spent some time pacing, on the birth ball, walking outside. Again, I got no sleep for the second night in a row. Brendon and my Mom were so wonderful and took turns reading me scripts all night and into the next day. My Mom also took Brenna outside for walks and helped with her so much. Brenna did so great and held my hand a lot and seemed to be handling things very well. I had talked to her a bunch before so she knew what to expect. The Hypnobabies was keeping me very calm though so I think that helped. There were a few times that I was pretty close to losing it but Brendon helped get me back on track. I really could not have done what I did without Brendon. He was my rock and thinking about what he did for me and went through for me brings tears to my eyes. He calmed me so much that when he would leave the room I would almost immediately have a contraction that would almost send me over the edge. In fact, we began joking about it and anytime the nurse was checking Bryce’s heart rate (which was about every 30 minutes) we would make Brendon leave the room so that I would have a contraction and sure enough it always worked. He did tell me after everything was over that he never wants to see or read another Hypnobabies script for the rest of his life!! I don’t blame him.
I made the call. There it is, all jaunty and pointy and cool.
9.) Eddie Floyd – “Big Bird” (Memphis Soul). Lesser known song than his big hit “Knock on Wood”
Oh well, I'll just have to revert to giving him the more masculine green one I made at the weekend.
I'll be teaching cursive at Davis academy, I can guarantee that.
2) The Rule, because it was playing all the best 80s/90s music. Though I really don’t understand why all bars don’t play Skee Lo all the time.
There is a type of latent hypocrisy at work here, driven by pride and self-absorption that leads people to literally abuse the grace of God who takes us as we are, and still loves us even when we refuse to grow and change to be more like Him – but whose heart breaks because He knows that if these are the choices we make now, we could never be free – and therefore never be happy – in heaven.
A pen name or a nom de plume is a pseudonym adopted by an author. Its sometimes used to make the author’s name more distinctive or to disguise their gender (as in the case of J.K Rowling, her publishers were worried that boys may not read books if they realized they are written by a female), to distance an author from all of his /her works, to protect the author from retribution for their writings and for several other reasons either related to marketing or for aesthetic
bond was specifically spent
Leave all our hopelessnesses aside (if just for a little while)
Now, I have spoken and spoken. I am sure you have questions, Steve.
Simply-Seven Ingredients or Less; Rustic-Raw, Unrefined, Handmade, Natural is Simply Rustic's "motto".
The Olympus digital camera is designed to provide easy access to all most used features, such as Flash settings as well as delete with the touch of one simple button. Printing pictures has also been simplified often requiring no cables to connect; thus, turning files into photos is also incredibly easy
This is all subject to change, but I think it's pretty dang good.
So don’t feel fooled when traveling when you see pubs stuffed to the brim with obese smelly men and the occasional woman chugging down pint after pint of fatty drinks as well as a mass amount of chippies, fried chicken joints, and other fast food places spilling out with fat-toothless-sweatpants wearing-people. Thing are not that different as they like to let on.
Ah, yesterday was so much fun. It was truly beautiful weather and the perfect day to spend at The Forks Market with my mother. At the Forks there are things like The Children's Museum, MTYP (Manitoba Theatre For Young People), Citytv, and a bunch of various restaurants and places to eat inside of the main building. On the second floor of the main building is a shopping centre, but we didn't have enough time to visit it.
Depending on how jaded or not-jaded you are, MLB season started last week, or starts today. Or maybe tomorrow. Either way, I figured this would be a good time to offer another of my “intro to advanced baseball stats” posts, wrapped around an extra-large double-double.*
The are differences between trouser socks and knee highs. Knee highs are usually more sheer in a nude or sheer black color, the pantyhose of the lower knee world. They typically don't have a pattern or are really stylish. Trouser socks however are more patterned usually like intricate patterned tights. The are both typically made out of nylon or a lycra cotton blend. Before trouser socks were made with this stretchy material, men and women would have to wear sock garters.
wood and the ornate chandeliers are juxtaposed against
This is what I received:
Greek Salad – Nice version of the classic, and I love the classic!
He said it looked like a dead flower once you were close.
5) Contribute to and edit Wookieepedia. Do you realize what a wonderful tool the Internet is? By just having access to a computer, you are able to contribute to the only bible of Star Wars – Wookieepedia! Meet others as passionate about Star Wars as you, and be able to say that you are an expert with a Wookieepedia profile! It’s a win-win either way!
Kathrynn had a lot of fun helping to set up the tent. It was a wonderful location that John had scouted out for us. We were situated on a little peninsula and so could basically see water from 3 sides. Behind our tent were acres of trees, that led to the lake. It was peaceful and not busy at all so we had lots of land to ourselves!
sharp, broken shards of a fugitive history
We are hoping to tear down the wall between the kitchen and the playroom next summer but we'll see if I can bear to tear down the cloffice and the now fun and functional playroom. Our goals for this makeover are to get rid of the carpeting and replace it with flooring that dog pee doesn't ruin, organize the games and toys so that the kids can find them and might actually want to play with them, make it kid friendly, bright and fun all while not spending a lot of cash. I think we did a decent job in accomplishing our goals. We used black and white alternating peel and stick tiles because they were cheap, fairly easy to install, if the dog pees on it we can always peel it up and replace it and it was a fun pattern for the playroom. Two years ago we paid $1200 for carpeting in the playroom and the hallway. For the tile we spent $135 for the playroom and the hallway.
Name: David Mykel
"I think it's fun to dress up," says one woman. Another says, "I'm not ready for a convent so I can still wear leopard glasses."
Birth (Alexandre Desplat)
