The envelope and title letters for loved and bear were also created with my Silhouette. The fonts are CK Ali's Hand and Bubblebody. The felt letters are old Thickers. Rub-on words and boy with bear are from October Afternoon's Nigh Light collection. Love patterned paper is from Echo Park's Playground collection.
And now John has begun his final and perhaps most meaningful transformation. Through the purifying fire of his illness John’s shining spirit has emerged. He has left us with a lasting lesson which we can keep. Live your life with courage, and though you are afraid, never never fail to take that next step forward. You may be surprised where it leads.
But none of that matters,
I hope you enjoyed this project. Perhaps you can create something similar to store all the wonderful memories and traditions that we create during the holidays. Thanks for stopping by!
Bang. Silencio.
except that we wanted to sit down somewhere inside.
Evie was so full of ideas that the first night at the hotel she walked in her sleep twice and talked and tossed and turned all night, despite being totally asleep. This is a girl who sleeps like a rock. Her brain was processing so much. When we came home, she slept for 14 hours.
Bless those of you who have troubles and worries in your life and know that I am thinking of you. If I could grant you one wish it is that I could take your troubles away. Of course I can’t do that so I hope instead of being sad for the whole Christmas you might spend some of the time re-living happy memories and smiling.
Hachette Livre is a large umbrella organisation, which encompasses the following publishers:
we were able to sneak away for a morning to go garage sale-ing.
I see some glimmer of that, but I don’t think the current situation—with the unemployment rate hovering around 9.5 percent—is quite as bright as the President believes.
All in all I have absolutely nothing bad to say about any of the products I was sent to review. They are all great and very reasonably priced. Shipping was fast and ordering is easy and safe through Paypal. I highly recommend heading over and checking out Yellow Rose Gifts Company. You can find their website here: www.yellowrosegiftsco.com.
This is what God revealed to me:
Jonah had prejudiced feelings concerning that wicked Gentile city, Nineveh. This greatly hindered his obedience and until that was overcome God could not use him. In fact, he never got over it and his ministry was greatly limited.
Until. . . . . .we came over the hill and saw fields of tents, cars and lots of people!!
Maddox's head went slamming into the sidewalk...
Happy 2011 everyone! xo
Mark 8:19-21
I made a post the other day about quantity versus quality. I would really like to know what other folks think..... I'm pretty sure it might be a concern for more than just me.
What you get married for if you don’t want children?
“I wrote unto the church: but Diotrephes, who loveth to have the preeminence among them, receiveth us not. Wherefore, if I come, I will remember his deeds which he doeth, prating against us with malicious words: and not content therewith, neither doth he himself receive the brethren, and forbiddeth them that would, and casteth them out of the church. Beloved, follow not that which is evil, but that which is good. He that doeth good is of God: but he that doeth evil hath not seen God.” 3 John 9-11
Comebacking actor Gabby Concepcion is under fire for signing a movie contract with GMA Films several weeks back and accepting the 1.5 million-peso downpayment. When he returned home though, he opted to become an exclusive ABS-CBN tv and movie talent. GMA Films is asking Concepcion to at least honor his movie commitment – a plea that would likely fall on deaf ears. How do you expect him to honor a film project when he has failed to honor his commitment to at least three women he married?
so every now and then i suffer from the FOB ('fear of blogging' for those of you new to the site), usually when i see my hit count shoot up and stay up, and new plums clickety clicking daily... it freaks me out a little... like performance anxiety on a soap box -- sad, amusing, a little pathetic
Its center
"Here love, have a Sticky Bun." Lily Beth offered me one of her two pastries. Yes, a small price to pay for my silence, but who can resist a Wonderland Bakery sticky bun?
The photo is of a hotel lobby but in 1976 it was a Magistrate’s court. But not just any court. This is the location for several very famous rock star busts in the 1960s involving various Rolling Stones and Beatles. But more than that...
This is the interior of the tepee, a red Indian hut like room. The room is fit enough to accommodate 2 person only. It's fairy comfortable although you might able to hear the conversation of the adjacent occupant.
You could enjoy these little fried delights on their own, but Jim and I wrapped them in tortillas with a bit of fresh salsa for a dinnertime meal:
Her eyes move down to see what he is talking about, and grow in horror. There, below her naked bosom, are a series of protrusions forming bubbles under the surface of her thinly stretched skin. Two lines of small sacs bulged from her abdomen, with strange organic forms faintly visible beneath the tightened skin’s surface. She screams and sobs, trying to cover herself, but the uniformed men on either side of her continue to hold her arms up uncomfortably.
9 Therefore God exalted him to the highest place and gave him the name that is above every name, 10 that at the name of Jesus every knee should bow, in heaven and on earth and under the earth, 11 and every tongue confess that Jesus Christ is Lord, to the glory of God the Father.”
I could not bring myself to post this morning- slept like a baby after a long night's work. Waking up refresh, I decided to post today's Consider It Cased card. I found Jen's blog ( Ladybug Stamper) and
ok ok ok
Catholics worshipping Him in gladness
NELSON AND WINNIE MANDELA
And while I don't sit around all day thinking such things, I have to remind myself when I do that I am being nothing other than simply silly. The moment that we are living is now. It is not tomorrow. It is not three weeks or three years or three decades from now. And what I'm living is not even hard. There are people that are dealing with hard. And it's not a screaming, discontent babe or a lack of trendy clothing in their closet. Today, as we all know, is the only guaranteed moment. The moment that we can account for and use to the fullest extent.
Over the past several months, I have been really "getting" scripture. It is like a light has been clicked on in my head. I am applying it better than ever before. I am retaining it better than I ever have. I am using it to enrich and deepen my relationships. I am just in a "get it" time in my life.
Blouse: Easy Pickins?
Then Neil's truck and a neighbors trailer he borrowed cause it was wider than ours. He went to Redcliff and picked up a garden shed he found on Kijiji and is gonna use it to put over our pump for the stock waterers so it is not down in a hole where is gets flooded and is awkward to work in.
doing the tin on the buildings, cooking the food, and even hauling hay. Never idle
from your elegant and tapered fingertips.
pleased to meetcha, they
Peter paused before he rebutted. He recalled the day in the desert when everything changed. He must have hit a bird; although he managed to get the plane down safely, but he was stuck in the middle of the desert. He wandered aimlessly for a full day. At first, he thought he was going east, but by nightfall he gave up completely. It was just after dawn when he saw a couple coming over a hill. Peter rushed toward them, hoping that they knew where he could go for water. The man leading the woman on a donkey was solid and silent; but the woman spoke kindly as peter drew near.
Despite their distaste for the circumstances, they realized they had earned it for Israel’s consistent rebellion against God. They do not try and dodge responsibility or say it is unfair that they should inherit their father’s problems. No, they set about making it right with God. They set out to worship God as God.
Note 1: I split the 1h Jerry interview on disc 4 into 3 smaller pieces (a-c).
-Image MUST be colored with Copics, ProMarkers, other alcohol markers or Colored Pencils!
This is a good question because I sadly have never heard of Latvia before.
Eggs:2
“First Contact,” Murray Leinster, 1945 – Two ships meet in space, one “alien,” one human. Both seek to obtain the other’s technology, and neither can afford to let the other to follow it home—can they find a non-violent solution to the problem? “The story ends with each crew taking over the other’s ship. Naturally, before leaving their own ship they are able to remove everything which might point back to their home world. Each stands to benefit from the new technology on the other’s ship. Each keeps the other race’s fiction library to gain insight into their thinking. They agree to repeat the encounter at the same location some time in the future.” (Wikipedia)
Once I was like you running red
The only question was whether to use tofu or tempeh. Tom prefers tempeh but I prefer tofu so in the spirit of marital harmony, I made both! They were both delicious so it was a win-win situation. Tom suggested yellow rice (brown rice with turmeric) for the side dish and I added peas because I can never have too many veggies. If we had had any, pineapple chunks cooked into the rice would have been perfect!
Blurb: Giselle was a normal girl with an attitude common to most girls of her age. Her family might not have been perfect (whose is?) but she loved them, and her future looked bright. She had an awesome best friend and a steady boyfriend, but how could she possibly have been so wrong about someone she loved? And how could she have been prepared for the darkness and for what she was to become?
It has been donated to the Government Art Collection by the artist who wanted to bring some ‘edge’ to London’s most famous house.
Floating through the discourse of life
Monday we are in two parades, Elmira and Horseheads. The outreach team has made the best float to date and we are asking everyone to come and walk with us in the parades. This shows the family side of His Tabernacle. We are giving away freezer pops and invitations this year. Come and reach the lost through testimony of presence on Monday.
$20. Tickets must be purchased in advance.
It looked super cute hanging on the tree,
Pack the frozen yogurt into a storage container, alternating spoonfuls of yogurt with spoonfuls of the blueberry sauce, and do not mix them. (You’re basically creating pockets and splotches of sauce within the frozen yogurt.) Press a sheet of parchment directly against the surface, and seal with an airtight lid. Freeze until firm, at least 4 hours.
1 injustice
he, above others, was stamped with Christ’s brilliant seal.
Instructor: Ray Hilborn, Aquatic & Fishery Sciences
Well, in a much smaller nation, the Vietnamese Communist Party just might be much closer to its people than in vast, teeming China. Even better, the Party quickly learns the lessons of history. Also, most Vietnamese don’t have the same get-rich-at-all-costs ethos that appears to plague modern day China. And Hanoi is just around the corner from Haiphong (just ask John McCain). So the central government recognized an opportunity to reclaim a portion of the legitimacy that may have been lost during the past decade:
"For when Nera went back to the world of mortals he told the King and Queen of Connacht, Ailill and Maeve, about the treasure in the well. They broke into the Fairy Mound of Cruachan to possess themselves of the crown of Bruin. Some say the treasure was taken by them and some say they could neither reach or nor take it, but the storytellers of Ireland have to speak about it because the foray brought the Battle Goddess Morrigu into the Fairy Mound of Cruachan.
I’m not typically the type to go up and talk to a stranger unless the perfect opportunity presents itself. And I so badly wanted that to happen. Well, just as God would have it, that opportunity presented itself none other than in the ladies’ restroom. I mean would it be anywhere else.
New Year’s Eve 2011 Hollywood Movie Watch Online : Megavideo Link : Alternative Link :
July 8th 2010 Paperback, £8.99
It became a running joke for me when Brian would ask a waiter about the beer list and the waiter would start with: "We have bud, bud light..." And Brian would say, "You can skip to the micro brews." And when the waiter would say, "Oh we carry Sam Adams and.." Brian would say, "You can stop right there." I just thought it was the funniest thing.
where the breeze takes them
American Crafts – Thickers – Green, Prancer #42812
Note to my Blogger Friends: I will still put up my complete posts here, but also on my Blogger blog to help you who have had trouble and frustrations commenting here. I still like this program the best. I may decide to do something different with it in the future, maybe call it my “website” . . . .
We’re sick and should be in bed asleep by now, it’s 2:30 a.m. after all, but we can’t sleep. Tuesday is a jewelry geek’s delight: QVC is doing its California Gold Rush day while HSN is doing Designer Jewelry Day.
Exciting. That’s what first came to mind. I’m a huge Spurgeon fan and attend a Reformed church. I also love what I’m seeing in the 24-7 Prayer movement. Combining all the above seemed like a match made in only One place. I eagerly agreed, not fully knowing what to anticipate.
To add to this commentary, bookstore owner Ann Patchett’s New York Times’ article (And the Winner Isn’t…) from April 17 discusses the 2012 Pulitzer Prize Committee’s decision not to name a finalist in the fiction category (announced on April 16). She emphasizes, “Reading fiction is important.” Patchett mentions some of this year’s finest publications in fiction, and the cultural hole being left by a finalist not be selected. Although we are not privy to the reason for this decision, it still sad news.
Another day filled with fun hanging out with Papa and Grammy. There was a little guitar serenade bright and early. Ryann began to discover the joys of large boxes. She was so worn out from all the fun that I had to wake her after a three hour nap, which of course made her goofy. Papa and I took Ryann on her first paddle boat ride. And the goober tried to fit herself inside a puzzle box.
On the morning of the Wednesday of my ARPS assessment we had a great shoot in an old abandoned fort and then mid-afternoon we headed of to Rhossili where we intended doing a sunset shot on the beach. Unfortunately the wonderful Welsh weather ensured that there was going to be no sun to be seen. So while I was very happy with what he had already produced that day, I thought we wouldn't get any more shots that day and we headed off to the B&B we would be staying at. When I shoot location work I know and accept the risks with the weather, but they are balanced with the rewards of great location images when you do have good light.
Carney said this despite the fact that, in late June 2010, then-CIA Director Leon Panetta judged that the number of al-Qaeda militants in Afghanistan was “at most … maybe 50 to 100, maybe less.” In April 2011, General David Petraeus told reporters in Kabul that al-Qaeda’s total strength in Afghanistan is “generally assessed at less than 100 or so” combatants, of whom only “a handful” were seen to pose a threat to Western countries. Months later, in November 2011, The Washington Post quoted a “senior U.S. counterterrorism official” as saying, “We have rendered the organization that brought us 9/11 operationally ineffective.” The official also stated that al-Qaeda’s entire leadership consisted only of two top positions and described the group as having none of “the world-class terrorists they once had.”
Edgar Allan Poe – The Facts in the Case of M. Valdemar
I didn't get the most wonderful pictures of the threesome out of it, but we all had fun trying! There was lots and lots of jumping on the couch (Frankie's favorite pasttime), dog watching, and giggling. As well as lots of picture taking by Mommy. Daddy will have a new background for his computer while he's in China anyway. lol
Mom put these cuties together- each features a QuicKutz die cut from white cardstock (we used the negative space and pierced around the edge with our Sew Easy piercing tool), new BoBunny Vintage Dot paper cut with the new nesting lace doilies (also by QuicKutz/Lifestyle Crafts) a bit of twine and a sentiment. We did some mixing and matching with the sentiment, cut a clear stamp apart which had 'wishing you' as part of it and then added another word stamped in green. A little bling finished it off :) Cute & Quick- another 5 minute card, gotta love it!
The influence of female writers, directors, producers on classic film noir: Lupino, Harrison, Van Upp, Frings, Kellogg. 300-word proposals, brief cv by 15 March 2011; Mark Osteen (mosteen@loyola.edu).
As a homeschooling mom I feel like I get a double dose of this. Not only am I undoing and redoing parenting stuff (oh look, child #2 is old enough to cook... time to change the chore chart!), I am also constantly looking for dropped stitches in each child's educational plan (good grief, this child needs more handwriting practice!)
‘Two,’ said the Crumpet. ‘Why?’
The use of unmanned drones by the U.S. to attack civilian population with Hellfire missiles is a form of state terrorism. It is designed not to assassinate individuals (extrajudicial killing), but to instil fear and terrorise the entire population.
Jerry DiPoto - 4.7 WAR = 4 points
I am still doing well. So far this week I am down another two pounds. Maybe I can make it 3 pounds by Friday. Planning my meals has been a huge success for me. I make a grocery list every Saturday, my husband does the grocery shopping and then I package and freeze what needs to be frozen when he gets home. It has made my life so much easier. I don't need to reach for the unhealthy food because I have great tasting low fat food right at my finger tips.
Dannie Richmond: Drums
POLITICS: They made some good points about the First Amendment. Ultimately I was convinced that if this idea was proposed in real life, that a network should air live Russian Roulette — even if the idea is despicable to everyone (including me). The FCC and authorities should allow this, even if this would take us back to the Gladiator Days of the Roman empire. Freedom of speech is about allowing unpopular speech, and freedom in general is about allowing unpopular activities.
Iran's 32-year-old Mostafa Ahmadi Roshan Behdast, a chemistry professor and a deputy director of commerce at Natanz uranium enrichment facility, was assassinated during the morning rush-hour in the capital early January. His driver was also killed in the terrorist attack.
What that has lead to is increased competition between the different agencies.
Like John Muir and Aldo Leopold, Burroughs had a special fondness for conifers and he wrote, “How friendly the pine tree is to man—so docile and available as timber and so warm and protective as shelter! Its balsam is salve to his wounds, its fragrance is long life to his nostrils; an abiding, perennial tree, tempering the climate, cool as murmuring waters in summer and like a wrapping of fur in winter.” In thinning the white pines near our cabin, I brought three inside and now I see my friends all around. As my favorite carol says, how lovely are their branches.
Over the span of my life time I never had a relationship longer than two years, worked anywhere for longer than two years and re-educated myself constantly with courses lasting from a year to maximum three years.
kept locked in the back of my head.
Joy once again filled our home!
Witten is almost 21 months old, and there are three essentials right now to making him a happy camper:
I haven't shared any movie reviews lately and this one is a new favorite. "The Lucky One" with Zach Efron and Taylor Schilling, adapted from the book by Nicholas Sparks, is so good. Blythe Danner is also in it and I always love to see her in things. The mister was hesitant to go and said it was a chick flick, but he liked it, too.
We all know what tiredness feels like, but most only experience for a temporary period of time. Eventually you fall asleep. Either you wake up feeling refreshed, or you start off feeling groggy, but once you get going (with or without a caffeine boost), the tiredness drops away and you are able to cope with the day.
I got to know her at L.L.Bean. We were part of a group representing the Flagship Store that went to Albany to help open the new store there. Between spending five hours in a van together and working somewhere in the neighborhood of sixty, intense hours over the course of four days, we got to know each other fairly well. Our friendship was born and, working together even further first back at Flagship and later at the Home Store, our friendship only deepened. I was able to talk to her about anything and everything. I cried with (to) her, I dreamt with her, most importantly, I laughed with her.
Don’t call it a scandal.
When a woman isn't beautiful, people always say, "You have lovely eyes, you have lovely hair."
We were flying out of Manchester (cause it was easier and cheaper than doing it from London) so after dropping the splats off at the cattery we decided just to make our way up there. We arrived at lunchtime.....the sky was blue, the sun was shining and West Didsbury (the area we used to live) was having a mini festival to celebrate it's independent shops....the entire place was buzzing. We had lunch in our old local, walked past our old house, caught up with a friend who we'd not seen in five years, bought wine from our favourite wine shop (the owner, Kate, organised a champagne tasting for us to help us choose what we were going to have on our wedding day...OMG we had so many different champagnes! I had my first ever proper hangover the next day!) and it reminded me just how much I love the city. We sat outside with a beer reminiscing about our time there....it was a great start to our holiday!
The pie cut up well, held together coming out of the pan, Sam, Ryan and “Me Too!” Ethan took the pie onto their plates, Sam added ketchup, Ryan has discovered a love of Sweet Chilli Sauce. Apparently it was a success, Tina and Greg were all compliments, Sam’s disappeared, Ethan made an honest attempt, Ryan liked it, but was pretty full from bacon and fries – his favourite part was the pastry! But that’s okay, that’s my favourite part as well – especially where the meat makes the pastry all soggy. Zero pie, and veggies left.
Well, Lorena, I like that you know my wardrobe so well that you requested every piece. This really made my Monday easier - I didn't have to think! Drop me an email and we'll sort out what your prize will be!
“The Coalition troops are engaged in a mad search operation but they would never be able to fulfill their cherished goal of getting Usama alive or dead,” the source said.
**emo plak malam2 nih (*_*)
What is it about us that instinctively wants not to cry?
As I lead him to his room to gather his things
And the bread is a winner. I bake all my bread and this ones on the menu each week.
Ben Carson: “The fucking mirrors! They are everywhere. In the department store, on the corner of every street, in the window of every building in the city. I feel…I feel like I’m not the one looking into the mirrors, but they’re looking back at me.”
I'm not sure how I can cut the time down, maybe 30 minutes isn't a long time, but I'm not used to it! I normally wash my hair in the evening and allow it to dry naturally overnight, and if I do wash it in the day I tend up rough dry it which takes no time at all. So maybe what I need to do is dry it more before putting on the spin curl attachment!? I could also cut down the time but putting it on the high heat, but Im not too keen on that much heat so close to my hair.
I suspect that Breivik is mad or he is a 'Manchurian Candidate' being used to undermine the right in Europe.
While we were into the park we had to took some shots because it was so beautiful with the sunshine and all the lovely daisies around us.
I don’t cook my food. I just eat at fast food nearby and drink whatever water they serve there. Not always safe, I would say but my only choice is to survive.
3. Boneless skinless chicken breasts, $1.77/lb. at Sun Harvest (through 1/26/11)
maybe i just need to go back to bed. . .
Ladies? Guess what. HE'S NOT.
So here are my favorites, tell me what you think!
Have you ever put a project on Donor's Choose? I am currently working on getting my second project funded. Last year I wrote a proposal for a book display shelf and the kids LOVE it. This year my project involves cooking. This is a necessary life skill for my students. Donor's Choose and Sonic have teamed up again this year to help fund projects. The projects with the most votes each week will win. So, this is where you come in... please please please click on the link below and vote for my project.
Of course, in the States, if some foreigner called President Obama “Barry,” I probably wouldn’t be thrilled, either. But in general, we Yankees view and use nicknames with extreme generosity.
Friend: To get to Gravier, go out and turn right, then cross over to…..
I am so grateful for the amazing opportunity I had to visit with Maria and her friends/neighbors at this workshop. As well as carpooling with my (newest) friend, Paula. I wish I had a good picture of her. She and I discovered we have a lot in common, and those things we don't have in common, we are okay with! She is a beautiful person, inside and out, and I hope she and I can get together again!!! If you would like more information, and if there is enough interest, maybe I can convince one of our amazing Ward Home Storage specialists to do a class on this.... and maybe even invite Maria to come and help us!!
Having millions in the bank, but never feeling the joy of not having to pay another bill in your whole life ever again, or feeling the happiness, when a butterfly lands on your nose.
And Layla, over at The Lettered Cottage, has a preview of what's to come for the holidays, with a list of bloggy holiday decorating parties that they are sponsoring when you have a minute to be inspired. Yes, I realize that blog reading may only come in minutes.....so this link will be helpful in seeing the big picture and honing in on just what you want to read. Be inspired.
I’ve been digging deep into celebrating that gift, living out loud, laughing from the belly, spending myself loving God and others, following my Redheads chasing their dreams, and having the time of my life chasing down my own by writing a book. It’s my postcard from the other side of cancer/chemo to my survivor sisters. Been there, done that, had to buy a new t-shirt, wish they were here, on this side, too.
Love Dan.
At least i didn't buy shoes... yet.
Proverbs 25:26… “A righteous man falling down before the wicked is as a troubled fountain, and a corrupt spring” (KJV).
The match score was 4-1 with singles sweeping and doubles splitting:
WEDNESDAY, FEBRUARY 15
Hathaway's writing didn't feel green. Vee's voice flowed smoothly and confidently through the pages and it felt like each new sentence brought something unique to make her whole. I think my experience reading this was amplified because I was reading for all the differences from the first draft I read. I have to say, I couldn't be more statisfied with the way things went, the changes and the final outcome (and also that one of my favorite lines made it into the book--I'll mark it in favorite lines).
Toss blackberries and thyme with 2 tablespoons flour in another small bowl; fold into batter, gently crushing berries slightly to release some juices. Spoon about 2/3 cup batter into large paper muffin molds, or divide between prepared muffin pans. Top each large muffin with 2 tablespoons crumble or each small muffin with 1 rounded tablespoon crumble.
03 Diamond Dancer 04:44
Ms Rockwood may not be able to wash or go to the toilet without help but the main issue consuming her life is more commonplace – a divorce.
And now, let's welcome Grace to the blog!
The beer was very good and served in the correct glass, too.
While waiting for DJ (our original referral), we realized his transition would be easier if we spoke at least some Mandarin. As a result, we signed up for Chinese class at our local university. When we got there, we ran into another adoptive family that we had met previously, but didn't interact with a lot. We started talking during the breaks and started a friendship. When I mentioned that we were adopting an older boy, the friend, SA, told me about a boy that she had met this past summer.
It’s hard to make friends when you look like you came straight out of a terrifying Japanese horror movie when you try to smile and it doesn’t help that the entire school has spread a rumor that you can curse anybody just by looking at them. This was Sawako Kuronuma life until a boy named Shota Kazehaya decided to talk to her and open up a new world for her as she discovers a number of “firsts” including friendship. Now, in Volume 2 of Kimi ni Todoke: From Me to You, Sawako is about to experience something else that will have her at odds with another girl.
"You're not stranded." Pevan waved a hand at the Gate. "Get going."
They spent a lot more time getting ready this year for the first day of school. Natalie excitedly put on her make up. While Katie put on her clothes she had meticulously picked out a week before school even started.
There are only three weeks left in this eight week challenge. One goal – a big goal – has been met. But two remain: Get Ready & Get Physical. And on these two, I fear I have fallen short these first four weeks, although one is easier than the other.
Compared to many UK author solution companies, these prices are pretty competitive and only just marginally above Lightning Source’s prices. The math alone already suggests that the Grosvenor author is doing well on the royalty front.
Med Flory - Sax
He revealed that he had proposed an amendment to delete the first sentence expressing concern about political and civil rights in Singapore, but it was defeated narrowly in a vote.
Patch 1.32 for The Sims 3 – which, as far as I know, was meant to usher in the most recent expansion pack, Showtime, for which I paid fifty dollars so I could get exclusive Katy Perry-themed content – did something really weird. Users of the Norton-produced antivirus software reported that the launcher (the file being Sims3LauncherW.exe) was acting suspicious, so it (the launcher) was quarantined.
Good Stuff!
It was surrealism.
And poor her! Poor her, because her job didn’t appreciate her talents and she was probably going to quit and find a better one. She could totally relate to me.
Above: Claudette Colbert and Joseph Mankiewicz presided over a sedate New York audience, while out in Los Angeles, audiences were energized by young comedian Jerry Lewis. (Courtesy Oscars)
A new Fannie Mae study suggests Americans are beginning to consider 2012 a good year to acquire a home.
Sift in the flour and ground ginger. Put in whole wheat bits if they are remaining in your sieve. Gently mix this in with a spatula.
Then I did. I heard it - that made my heart pound and I waited and waited continuing to whistle and then it appeared - the Drainpipe Duckling with feathers all stubby and brown. Yeeeeeeeeeeeessssssssssss!
It was a Big Apple day yesterday. Marianne and I drove to the city for a reception honoring Liz Hand's new book, Radiant Days. So long as we we were there, we took in the MOMA retrospective of Cindy Sherman's photographs, which have significant relevance to a fantasy novel I'm working on.
February 20, 2009 Clip No. 2057
Iran continues to crack down on its people and is accelerating their plans to build nuclear weapons. The country's leadership also continues to arm rebels in Iraq, Syria and other Middle East hot spots and destabilize the region.
Now it looks as if Domino’s Pizza is having some fun with a safe sound system for the company’s electric delivery scooters in the Netherlands. Using a human voice to replicate the sound of a small-displacement gasoline engine, the scooter is both hilarious and safe.
5. They are marriage minded. Their goal is marriage and they have no qualms about it. When they find an acceptable girl they don’t have cold feet. They may have girlfriends who they have no plans on marrying when they are young, but eventually they will go looking for someone who is marriage appropriate. They aren’t afraid of commitment.
Known as the “Sex Trafficking Awareness Rally,” several students transformed themselves into sex trafficking victims. This included skimpy clothing and makeup to appear as if they had been bruised and beaten by their predators.
Rather that the usual entrance fees charged for major public attractions, Katy officials announced that they would charge no admission for the well publicized event. Further, they promised that food concession contractors would not be allowed to sell lunches at extortionate prices, and that containers of "fresh Waco water" would be abundant and free. The only fee would be the train fare required to transport the many thousands of spectators to the crash site. Even these fares were offered at bargain rates--none over $5 from anywhere in Texas. As a result, the excursion trains were so packed that some people were obliged to ride on top of the cars for lack of room inside.
The day is long. We make for ourselves all des puntos dulces we require.
Oh, and did I mention Maggie was screaming bloody murder from her crib this whole time? Maggie was screaming bloody murder from her crib this whole time.
(On another)
One reason why we tend to think of literary symbolism solely in terms of meaning is that we have ordinarily no word for the moving body of imagery in a work of literature. This tossed-off observation is one of many in which Frye expresses reservations about Aristotle's conservatism, his belief that the sole function of the poetic work is to illustrate a "meaning," a discursively rationalized theme. Elsewhere in the ANATOMY Frye contrasts Aristotle's focus upon "catharsis" and Longinus' emphasis upon "ecstasis," which relates more to Frye's "moving body of imagery in a work of literature" rather than a discursive theme. I might draw further comparisons toward some of the other dichotomies I've cited here, be it Langer's "discursive/presentational" or Gaster's "plerosis/kenosis." But those are matters for other essays. It's enough to state here that the mode of the combative is a necessary one for understanding how narrative violence is organized in different mythoi, and that it is not defined to either spectacular or functional levels of violence, though it's understandable as to why some critics tend to associate "adventure" and "spectacle" as intimately as they do.
Revolutionary Narrative: Toward a Poetics of Power
hmm..then, they are too close that people said they are couple aka lesbian…n starting from the point where they discuss seriously bout it…there are a few story started n rewind back to that point…
Bella Bleu Designer Series Paper (#113974, $9.95)
Chantilly Velvet Mixed Blooms
“Your email address was randomly selected with the aid of a computer billeting system from all web users list of email address world wild.”
Couple that with Ephesians 2:8.
Which is not surprising because they were drinking a lot of beer.
If you've ever wanted to know what goes on in Middle Grade Mafioso HQ, watch this video. (The person who most closely resembles me is the "editor." I've laughed like that many, many times. I also have a very natty selection of neckties.)
Leo Svete (2013) – Penn High School (IN) – Leo is a 6’5 shooting guard who is getting looks from multiple schools, but only holds offers from Tulsa and Western Michigan right now.
Started off Protoss(Me) Vs. Terran. I started by building a robotics bay as soon as I could. Put out a transport ship and expanded to the island bases hella fast (Playing Lost Temple). Around 20 minutes in, I had 3 full bases, my main, and 2 island bases. He ran in with an army of marauders and tears down my main base. Whatever, they can't set feet on my islands without getting slaughtered...
Love the look of awe and wonderment on his face at all there is to discover in this world.
A new Chair in Modern Israel Studies has been created at the University of Sussex, with generous support from major philanthropists.
Now Big Foot is also known as Sasquatch, or if you are on really close terms with him, you can call him "Squatch" like they do on the TV show. Yep, if you don't know Big Foot, you don't know Squatch. Heh heh, a little humor there.
Until last September, these foreign currencies were formally banned, but are now accepted by virtually all traders – though many workers now find themselves paid in kind instead.
in a tomb or some mass grave
On the amusing side: More sad people who have nothing better to do and fancy themselves detectives of the net left messages for me in the comments section that I deleted but will tell you what they said: three people who think they know who I am; I am now three different people am I, eh? Now they claim I am in either Arizona, San Diego, or Mexico — oddly, Jim Stone is in Mexico on the run from the Cabal, maybe they still think I am Jim Stone? My response: Keep trying, people, but the fact is: you are not good enough, you are not smart enough, you have fallen into every trap I set up to keep you guessing, to keep you confused, to make you convinced you have stumbled onto something which is horse puckey, all that keeps you far far away. Why are you so obsessed with unmasking me? Have you nothing better to do? I have been accused of being at least 15 different people now, none of them even close, and many quite a distance away. I am here to tell you: you are delusional, psychotic, pathetic, and in need of psychiatric care; please.
But Hasi could not decide
The binding will most likely be fabric binding cut on the straight. I am not sure what fabric I will use yet but I think I will have to buy something specifically for this. I want something very light yet strong so I think silk would be a good option. As for color, I would like a silver-blue or robins-egg-blue or apple-green. I'll have to go to the store and see what their selection is like.
Research institutions, such as CSIRO, make substantial scientific advances. The work of research institutions is often at the forefront of scientific awareness. Although their work may not always have immediate applications, the work of research institutions has produced enormous benefits to society in the form of new products and processes. Because the work of research institutions such as CSIRO is often fundamental to scientific advancement, it merits strong patent protection. Furthermore, the public interest is advanced by encouraging investment by research
Starting tomorrow and running through Saturday evening, the Colorado Convention Center in downtown Denver plays host to the worlds biggest beer festival. Four sessions, three of them open to the public (each night from 5:30 - 10:00 P.M.) Technically, Germany's Oktoberfest (which starts on Saturday ironically enough) is the biggest... but that's not nearly the same type of "beer festival."
Charles Laughton is magnificent as the stodgy-yet-irreverent Sir Wilfrid Robarts, the celebrated attorney who takes on the case of a young man, played by consummate movie star Tyrone Power, accused of murdering a rich, middle-aged widow. The plot thickens when his war bride, played by the devastatingly sultry Marlene Dietrich, is called as, you guessed it, a witness for the prosecution. But even that is grossly oversimplifying things--this movie is packed with twists and turns that need to be seen to be appreciated. And even though some of them may have become trite or cliche with the passage of time, they're done with such style that it doesn't matter.
between Mitt Romney and Newt Gingrich
I care too much. Mind too much. Let you in too much. Feel too much.
find on a hipster-style button up shirt. OK, with any
“Kids usually give handprints. I never got to. Momma thought it frivolous and…” she turned away, her face flush with embarrassment.
The character of Hattie, my ghost, is definitely my favorite. It felt like she was someone I already knew, or maybe someone I would have liked to know. Hattie disappeared from Paterson, Virginia in 1960. She was young, vibrant and beautiful, but nobody ever bothered to look into her disappearance for several reasons: she had no real family, she disappeared when a major hurricane hit the area and she was black.
Yet each leaving its definite bruise on the skin.
And such, as yet once more I trust to have
His arrest and conviction is the reason why Lambert has waged a verbal war against the R&B singer.
On that morning, as I got dressed for my morning classes, I remembered I had History first period – and I groaned. My teacher was a racist American nationalist and an egotistical little prick who loved making us feel like ‘ignorant Arabs’. I knew that with this new event, he’d seize the opportunity to hop up on his red, white, and blue horse and wave his glorious flag in our faces. A part of me considered sparing myself the headache and simply skipping his class, but the pan-Arab in me insisted that I go to class and face the music.
Price: 5/5. If you use the free KCLS passes, you can get in completely free! If not, you’re looking at a $10 adult and $7 student/senior fee.
To my mind it’s a matter of choice. Some of the thirty-somethings these days are so concerned with their career in the City, commissions on deals that make them millions, the need to unwind on a skiing holiday mid-season, the latest SUV, that they don’t notice that their youth is slipping away. When grandparents used to advocate a ‘back-to-basics’ approach, a ‘breath of fresh air’, or a break from concentrating on the ‘almighty dollar’; they had no idea our culture would so soon become divorced from those concepts so radically; would be so far down the road to technological dependence that we no longer recognize the sound made by a robin in spring.
Haymitch is just a drunk ass.
For some young men it would be a dream come true to attend a school where you’re the only boy and even more so if all the girls are all interested in you but, then again, there is such a thing as too much of a good thing as we can see from the complicated and stressful life of one Ichika Orimura. This is just part of the entertaining albeit familiar story that makes up the Complete Collection of Infinite Stratos.
"As in buried? Like dead?"
Darlings, we have a little announcement to make:
Have a wonderful monday and rest of the week! Happy spring/fall dressing!
So I took a break. And I'm starting to miss blogging. And I don't care about how many followers I have, or whether I have any sponsors, or how many comments I get a day (though every comment does still excite me, no matter how much I tell myself it doesn't matter!) I miss it, and I have some new clothes, and I find that I'm not near as motivated to read others blogs for some reason when I can't show off my own. So here I am again!
Inks can also cause your mail piece to lose its sustainability. Some contain petroleum and other toxins that once on the paper, can’t be removed or require valuable resources and energy to do so.
Friday night and the lights are low
It was time to spot the individual components that make this toolkit. Guess how we did this? We had to ‘DESIGN THE SUPER EFFECTIVE, FABULOUS, RESEARCHER’ , just one rule o follow – No words, only visuals! Here are some of the images of our super researchers.
3. My desk-top and lap-top decided to take a dirt nap last month. I had to break down and buy a new computer. Even though it's a fabulous computer, I really couldn't afford a purchase like that right now. Sometimes, I wish I could just pull out a pen and paper like the average chick. Oh well...
“Grown ups may give up – adults don’t.”
And then … nothing. Seismic activity sites showed just the usual minor earthquakes in scattered locations around the world. Live webcams showed that it was a ho-hum Saturday night in New Zealand, with no earthquake devastation in sight. Including in Masterton, where evidently most of the missing people were eventually found. (I checked the local Masterton news for that date on their newspaper’s website, and no missing persons were reported.) News channels around the US reported nothing more exciting than the latest celebrity scandals or sports scores or military skirmishes in the Middle East.
But it is worth the time to consider the risks of everyday life, to understand how lucky we are that we are able to plan for next year, or even three years after that without having the shadow of the present fog our future.
What else? I needed him there, to knock & push the dwarf, tie up the other, but no such luck... too important so I try a reoll, but I roll a 1 and fail the loner, so it stands.
Apple needs to pick a direction with the cash and develop a strategic plan. The problem is much more complex than just a little bit of dividend yield. So far they have no game.
Paralysed by political correctness and accusations of racism, terrified of being accountable for controversial decisions over public order, the Met’s senior officers allowed the mob to control the streets for five days before launching a crackdown.
Although it didn't occur to me during preparation, one bite and I realized this is really just a beefed up (er, tofu-ed up?) version of borscht - heartier and chunkier, but very similar in terms of the broth. The roasted parsnip and turnip were my favorites - so tender and sweet from roasting. The occasional pop of the fresh ginger helped give a bright note to an otherwise rich soup, and I might add more next time. I also recommend cutting the shallots into smaller pieces in between roasting and transferring to the Dutch oven for simmering - come serving time, they were a bit hard to eat off a soup spoon. A touch too much black pepper.
As first semester classes came and went, I was anxious for second semester classes to begin. I was overjoyed at the fact I was almost done with my freshmen year of college, and that summer was fast approaching.
The Mercury Cafe is not just a restaurant. It's quite subversive. They have extra rooms that they can do extra stuff in. They have an upstairs for dancing, yoga and what not and an extra room adjacent to the dining room for other stuff, like movies. When we got there they were watching a film about copyrighting but the girls and I decided that we had too much to talk about and we didn't want to disturb the other movie watchers.
Jo and Nick realise before long that it seems Jo may have inadvertently spoken to the leader of this organisation and because of that, could identify him. Her life is now in great danger and Nick wants to protect her. Jo is determined not to leave the area though, consenting to police protection in her own house but the bodies keep coming and before long Jo realises that this danger is not going to go away until one of them – her or the leader – is dead.
According to several ancient cultures, we are entering a new phase in human development, human consciousness, earth-consciousness, union with the Divine.
Do a shop and get perishable food items. Pre-order a turkey if possible and pick it up today.
Other major retailers are expected to follow suit.
The ACME Novelty Library No. 20: Lint (Drawn & Quarterly) once again comes packaged as a rather lovely hardback, in a landscape format (see also ACME Noveltys #19, 17, and 16 – but not 18), this time with gold debossing and flock wallpaper-style edging on the cover. And before you take me to task for drooling over the design/finishing, let me just say that design is a big part of Ware's work, from the intricate, tricksy way he lays out a comics page to the look of the final object. And anyway, book fetishism is par for the course here at Existential Ennui, so, y'know: tough.
Materialism presents us with a strange ontology in which matter is surprising and creative, where we do not know, as the phallusophers what have it, what being is in advance, where ideas themselves, including fictions, are material realities that travel throughout the world as simulacra, where there is no action at a distance but where every relation or connection must be physically forged, and where we are simultaneously able to explain the formations of superstition and ideology while critiquing them. If it is the true ontological position, then this is not because it determines matter as an idea as Harman would have it, but rather because what matter is is always in question. Materialism, throughout its history, has perpetually captured the radical alterity of matter to the determinations of thought, and has refused every and any gesture that would determine the being of being in advance. No doubt this is why the phallusophers have perpetually had an animosity towards matter: matter is precisely that which refuses armchair philosophizing or the equation of being and thinking called for by Parmenides. The message of materialism has always been that we must make a detour through the world and practice to know the world, and it has always been that knowledge is a becoming of knowledge, not an idea that is given from the beginning. As such, materialism is that which always returns us to the world, a love of the world, and an attendance to how things actually are in the world; thereby abjuring all a prioris of thought.
I want a lot of things.
Dear Jes,
But if serving the LORD seems undesirable to you, then choose for yourselves this day whom you will serve, whether the gods your ancestors served beyond the Euphrates, or the gods of the Amorites, in whose land you are living. But as for me and my household, we will serve the LORD. ~ Joshua 24:15
For a craft beer lover loosing the LBS's is not an easy thing. Beer is the antithesis for trying to loose weight. It is a very nutritious beverage, high in calories and carbohydrates. I never sought out the "low carb beers" over the last year because.... Well, that's not beer, at least the beer I know and love. But it got me to thinking, what is the lowest carb beer option for a beer snob like myself?
Thinking this to be a suitable spot to grab a bite to eat before I continued looking for a place to stay, I pulled my pickup over into the empty parking lot. I jumped out of my truck, right into a two-foot deep pile of snow. Cutting my feet through the icy banks, I slowly made my way to the door of the restaurant. A paper sign that was stapled to the wood of the door told the hours and days that the restaurant was open, and I looked at my frosted watch to check the time.
stuff in their bag!
dear "other mothers,"
For those of us who want balance, but also care deeply about religion, finding clergy to co-officiate is the alternative to a justice of the peace. But this solution would have been too complex for the rushed wedding in this movie, and perhaps too much religion for the fictional couple in question.
I will call these much sought after talents, the analytic deciders. They are basically business leaders with passion in business, data and analytics. They are usually highly valued but hard to find and retain. In fact, P&G view them as critical business assets that every business unit CEO’s have their own “senior analysts” who usually also head the respective analytics teams. These “analysts” are rotated both geographically and among business units in training programs usually reserved for senior executives in other companies.
This week we are celebrating St. Lucia's day
thermal inversion (a circular motion of a rising warm air).
Rejections and Aceeptance will happen. I told myself when I first started that I wasn't in the writing game until I received my first rejection. Trust me... it hurt, a lot, however a lot less than if I would have gone in thinking I was going to be the next Suzanne Collins.
But that still leaves the mountain to climb. Time to set out. This weekend was a great rest break, and now, it's time for the slog to the end.
I found the narration to be very well done. I enjoyed the narrator’s usage of different voices for the different personages that were quoted. I find it easier to discern who is talking and separate it from the narrative.
This salad, with its mix of bitter kale, peppery arugula, sweet persimmon, and sour pomegranate is a mixed bag of flavors and experiences, but delicious together. And eating it reminds me of how sometimes the craziest flavors come together and become something great.
Oh, baby…, I think, my heart cringing. Come quicker…
"What's up?" I ask. "Aren't you feeling it?"
I was introduced to Downton Abbey this past week by my parents (and Aunt & Uncle...and even my Grandma!) and after hearing the rave reviews I decided I had to jump on the bandwagon. Lucky for me, my Dad bought season 1 on DVD and let me borrow it. I'm definitely hooked and finished it all on Sunday afternoon. I have to catch up on Season 2 now, so hopefully they will be showing some reruns! Do you watch it?! Seriously, it's so good!!
But the export figures reveal that Britain continued to license arms for export to many Arab countries including over £1.7 billion worth of military exports to Saudi Arabia and significant amounts to Bahrain and Egypt.
You cry until you laugh,
There you are. Up on stage. Cheap par can lights with color gels duct-taped over them are heating the side of your face from an intimate distance. The atmosphere a southerly stew of stale beer, cigarette smoke, hair-spray, and “Yeee-eeee-eeew!”
This suggestion is patently false. Not only that, but Buffett is using his clout in the political world to manipulate the debate to his own ends. We can avoid the class warfare and taxation debates altogether by revamping the entire tax code by making it simpler and fairer for all, not just for the “99 percent” or the “1 percent.” Those involved in the Occupy movement and on the left need to come to terms with several logical, economic, and sociopolitical facts if they wish to encourage individual freedom, prosperity, and justice.
What with all the creative types in town for SXSW, I hope to spread the word far and wide.
- Fill the muffin cups with 3/4 of the mixture.
Did your DNA get sunburned during January 2012? Does your head feel like it’s three times larger than normal…whatever “normal” is at this point? How’s your digestive tract been working, or rather, not working? How’s your Pituitary and other brain glands feeling lately? Do the tops of your eyes feel like they’re being pressed from above by the amplified Light energies in your brain/head? Is your body swollen, retaining fluid and/or bloated? How’s your inner antenna—you’re spine feeling? Sore, stiff, tight? How about your entire head and crown chakra? How about your tailbone, hips, pelvic area? How about your heart? Has your heart suddenly been pounding and having thudding palpitations in your chest lately? How about that nearly constant ringing in your ears and head from your brain, brain glands, and DNA being further evolved now?
Understanding that you are the mother and NOT the father sometimes can be difficult due to the fact that ” you too ” are doing “some Fatherly like things”…. It does not leave your son confused but it can make the mother feel ” off kilter ” sometimes…
On this night, the Advil is a crappy negotiator. I take the boot off, but my ankle feels too vulnerable.
Also, I've been pregnant for the past 9 months and really didn't want to be preggo in our Save the Date pictures.
This is the COTTON MOUTH
I play OSS Agent Adams who, along with my partner (Al Dias), find Cecil and Rebecca suspiciously sauntering the OSS headquarter hallways with their dog, Agronaut (Ricky Gervais). We confront the children about what they are doing and their dog speaks…in a human’s voice! The kids run, we chase them and that’s where chaos begins!
Many of the terms are obviously types of cloth: moleskin (a heavy, cotton cloth with a short, soft pile on one side), corduroy, velveteen, box cloth (I failed to find a definition of this), plush, doeskin (a fine, soft woollen cloth), pilot (a thick woollen cloth, often dyed blue used for overcoats and sailors' gear), kerseymere (a twilled fine woollen cloth).
Star Trek will always be my first love. Plus, there’s more of it to watch so if I was marooned on a desert island with only one franchise I’d be entertained for a longer period of time if I picked Star Trek.
However, the progress has been costly, helping drive up Atlanta’s water and sewer rates to the point where they are among the highest in the nation.
5-Safe Space for Everyone!
Mr Turton said the situation was still very different to that in Zimbabwe but compared it to a plane losing height.
Today I finally got a day to relax. I have had such a long week, early school mornings and late working nights. I enjoyed my day off with Mr.curious...I had such a busy week that I barely got to spend any time with him...but today made up for it :). We just relaxed, talked, and enjoyed eachothers company - he is the best !!
if you are interested. I will tell you up front the FB page is very neglected. Hopefully, that will change after the first of the year....
3. Simmel, Georg (1908). Soziologie, Leipzig: Duncker & Humblot.
Let me know what you think!
Masekela was born in Kwa-Guqa Township, Witbank, South Africa.
However, I am much more careful when I'm shaving... more vocal too so no one scares me while the blade is at work.
In the meantime, some U.S. troops will stay in Afghanistan through 2014 to help the country stabilize. “Otherwise, our gains could be lost, and al Qaeda could establish itself once more. And as commander-in-chief, I refuse to let that happen,” Obama said.
“Yes, Danni-gran,” Kesta replies meekly. “I understand. It is, though, the shaman way to take our blessings and give thanks.”
04. Conscience Killer
The content of Paris does not bore nor disappoint, though it was standard enough fare for its time. It has a funny (if conventional), and farcical plot about a young Boston socialite (John Russell) who wants to marry a Parisian actress (Engelke), but must overcome the objections of his Puritanical mother (Barbara Vann, also the show’s director). In short order the tables turn, and the mother becomes the wild, carousing one, now the embarrassment to her son instead of the other way around. The book by Martin Brown (whose last Broadway show this was) serves the plot but does not sparkle; there are no quotable, Coward-like lines to chortle over on the way home from the theatre. The saving grace is the contribution of Porter, whose first big Broadway success this was, thanks to songs like “Let’s Do It”, and “Let’s Misbehave”. To their credit, the Medicine Show folks have used this opportunity to restore some original Porter songs cut from the original 1928 production, and some other obscure early Porter songs as well.
"We have real hearts of flesh and blood beating in our bosoms. We fear God; we look up with awe to kings; with affection to parliaments; with duty to magistrates; with reverence to priests; and with respect to nobility. Why? Because when such ideas are brought before our minds, it is natural to be so."
(14) John Mary Odin, Vicar Apostolic of Texas
And there was money
12. Goodnight Cowboy Sally (Outro)
The week before we headed to Chicago, it was time to make mommy her Mother's Day gifts. Maci wanted to make a birdhouse. Maddie made a stepping stone. Grampa was in charge of building the birdhouse and I helped Maddie. Believe me, I think grampa had the easy project!
But i do think this might have been the first fig I bought off amiami, at full price.
So many thanks for the good advice, I'm glad I followed it, and look what happened - I got shortlisted in a highly regarded competition, made it to the runner up list and Wrong Whisky will be published in the anthology (my first short story to be published), so happy days! I would highly recommend drowsy/sleepy writing to other writers.
The Somerset Diner with the cast of Spring Awakening and the Rutgers Lacrosse team
I’ve been battling the self-doubt bug lately. I hit a massive wall with my writing, wonder if I’m ever going to get through this round of revisions, wonder if my stories will ever even be good enough to see a bookshelf other than my own. That feeling can be rather overwhelming, a sickness that festers, that perpetuates until it fogs your mind, affects your decisions, eats away at your soul.
So I waited and waited and 15 minutes after the store closed... my boyfriend comes home. The first thing I think when I see him all happy and sneaky is "AHH HE GOT IT FOR ME!" but he kept telling me he didn't. So I went cranky pants on him, especially after he told me that he probably wouldn't be home soon enough today either. After fifteen minutes of crankypantsing around he probably thought he'd broken my heart into tiny pieces enough so he got his schoolbag out of the car and showed the Skyward Sword box to me. I went crazy happy and I showered him with kisses and for fifteen minutes. So now, my friends... IMMA PLAY SOME ZELDA! Love you!
Rand: If it costs $7 a person for us to go to the movies, Bren, how much would that cost for our whole family to go.
Once the user has reviewed their data, they click on the submit button. As discussed in the post on buttons & navigation the button on the review page should clearly state the action i.e. Submit. Below is a good example of review page on Bell site.
Genre: House, Deep House
Beauty is seen in
As I noted last week, my friend Elaine in Wales challenged me to make a vegan and gluten-free version of Dorset Apple Cake. I went into baking mode yesterday, and I think the results were quite good–my daughter and husband agreed. My modified recipe contained–
This afternoon though I did some sorting that I have been meaning to do for a year since I moved into this workshop, I bought a new top for these trestles that are my table as this one is bowed beyond belief (you put a full cup of tea in a certain spot and you can nigh on have it over flowing with the tilt on it). I bought some flat!!! ware boards, I know, a crazy extravagance, not enough to replace them all but I can burn the worst now, good kiln fodder. I could do with sitting having a good hard think about what to do in this space, some of it works ok but I am severely lacking in shelf space for in progress work. The ideal spot is a pain of a spot as it's a solid granite boulder wall and you need nothing short of a thermic lance to get holes in it.
They are little sucking machines, and don’t stop for boring things like breath. Their tails wag, their little tongues poke out from beneath the teat and their tummies swell like a balloon being blown up.
Helloooo every one
Look for local classified websites, or sites which allow you to post in a local section. You will soon discover you can reach a larger spectrum of possible buyers this way, which will allow you to complete a faster sale for a more satisfying price.
Before putting her on my cot, I asked her several questions about how she was feeling. In the middle of them she motioned for me to lean in closely. I bent down and she pointed to my partner.
Here's my attempt:
I laugh. “How did you come up with that?”
Elves - The hidden World
That is almost the show’s raison d’être.
Anyway. Tomorrow is May 1rst, Mayday, general international Strike Day. Zoot Allures is gonna get a sanding!
A woman came out of a dark room. It was Ms. Valentini, the incredibly nice secretary at school. She wore a tight green dress that complemented her body in every demeaning way.
Gabe got a job offer in New.York.
I don't know what I'm going to do when I run out of Cigar City for FAMU and I think I have enough Sweetwater and Terrapin for Georgia Tech. But here we go.
And then there are the miracles in the Bible.
So, here's the cabinet:
Cut and hem your blanket portion based on the size person you are sewing for. You don't have to hem fleece. You can leave it as is, tie it, fringe it, ect.
The State shall afford full protection to labor, local and overseas, organized and unorganized, and promote full employment and equality of employment opportunities for all.
squint face
“Health is true wealth. Wellness is the number 1 priority for our beloved seniors because they are the backbone of this community. Queen of All Saints Church has done a tremendous job with planning their event, and attendees will gain valuable information. I look forward to seeing many of my friends and neighbors at this important health fair,” said Council Member James.
It costs a lot of money to do what we have done. To see each other as often as we have over the past year and 7 months. I have pleaded with him to get a place of his own but he has been adamant that staying at his brother’s and sisters place was good enough and would save him money. Despite having to speak to me from garage floors holding radiators for warmth.
had some breakfast, and then went off
As nothing else the return of the necklace exposes the failure of Mandela's revolution, and those who fought for him should weep.
I am thinking of trying a couple of short stories now instead and getting those out there to get some feedback generated.
Research in and for Languages was jointly organised by the LLAS Centre for languages, linguistics and area studies at the University of Southampton and Scottish CILT, Scotland’s National Centre for Languages at the University of Strathclyde http://www.llas.ac.uk/events/archive/6541. It was held at Strathclyde on 27 April 2012.
The plant is native to West Africa where it enabled local people to enjoy foods that were normally too sour to enjoy. A lemon, a bilimbi and even carbonated water will taste sweet.
I am truly delighted to have you all along on this merry journey through my perceptions and observations, shared with you. The feedback is a lot of fun, too.
At the moment, we have no plans on publishing more than one title. In fact, I don’t know if what we are going to do can be recreated, nor would I necessarily want to be responsible for the infamous sophomoric effort.
Jean-Eric Vergne: “In the short time I have been in Formula 1, I would say this was the best day’s testing I have done: We had no problems, we got through a lot of items on the job sheet and, as a first impression, the new elements we tested seem to work well. Daniel still has more things to try tomorrow and if we can put all the best elements of this test together, then I am hopeful it could represent a step forward in Barcelona. The team also worked well, with the mechanics having to change a lot of parts in a short space of time to get the job done, so overall, a positive day.”
What do you think? Too big, too small, or just right? I debated about painting the K another color besides black, because I do love color in a nursery...but ultimately decided the pictures would look better against a black background. I also decided the black background went with her crib skirt and crib a little bit better, but I'm still on the fence about whether or not I'm going to add color back in.
Homemade Calendula Baby Soap
Because if you’re not jealous of those things, why are you being so nasty? Also, why are you being anonymous?! If you have the bollocks to say shhh, why can’t you stand up behind it? (Trolls!)
Just for fun I thought I'd throw this out there: What are your top 5 favorite patterns and why?
The scientists involved believe that the ‘in vitro’ burger or any cultured meat, for that matter, is only the first step in revolutionizing food production that would help feed the galloping population.
What am I going to call the late revision of a novel I just finished? The title is so important, and yet I can’t think of anything. I have a working title, but it’s nothing I’m willing to say out loud, much less post on the Internet. My best titles I’ve simply lifted from songs by Robert Johnson and Billie Holiday, and the title I like best of all, which it took me six years to come up with, the name of a frost-blooming camellia, now titles a novel manuscript I’m beginning to admit I’m no longer interested in.
I still have a week left here in thailand! I hope you have some cool plans for new years eve, I will be celebrating on the beach all night.. tomorrow we are going to try deep sea fishing... I really want to get face to face with some huge sharks!! (preferably megalodons) can't wait.
Let me use a midlevel manager as an example. He used three typical tricks to defeat his victims:
Type C: Collects on a Whim
I've never been a writer, just someone that empties her brain out by way of blogging. It's getting crowded with clutter, I better purge more often.
1316 **D-IV/30(A)/1999. “A Return to the Air Force, By Way of Littleton, Colorado.” United States Air Force Academy, Colorado Springs, Colorado. (Incorporated in Item C-1999(16), above, pp. 514-22.)
I'm sure most of you know that I've been semi-MIA the past week/two weeks. I've been busy with... (get ready for it; it's gonna shock you!) social life. I know, I know. What social life? I had no idea I had one of those things, either. I'm sure it'll dump me once school starts again, so you'll have me back full force until mid-terms. :)
Difficulties teach us patience, tolerance, acceptance, and ultimately that we're not in complete control of our lives. We can do everything perfectly and things might still not go our way. Some of the greatest teachers within Hinduism demonstrated by their own example that our soul can experience the greatest spiritual growth during challenging times, and they also demonstrated that we can actually thank God for the difficulty.
written by AgreeToDisagree
The review proposes arrangements to ensure students with disabilities are supported financially in accessing public, Catholic or independent schools according to choice; arrangements to ensure effective and efficient use of the taxpayer dollar in the provision of new schools; and arrangements for continuing review of the level of school funding and funding indexation.
Listen, let me tell you how I feel.
His hand-to-mouth and tongue-flirt round the stub.
At the beginning of the Seventies, Marvin Gaye wrote one of the most beautiful songs ever, about the demise of nature, the ecology. The song starts with the legendary words:
There was a pregnant pause.
No flashbacks in this one but a rather nice compare/contrast scene of Tom and Allison’s mourning routines.
Several hundred miles away in Cornwall, DI Trevor Cordon is stirred from his day-to-day duties by another tragic London fatality. Travelling to the capital, determined to establish the cause of death and trace the deceased’s daughter – an old acquaintance from Penzance – Cordon becomes entangled in a lethally complex situation of his own. A situation much closer to Karen’s case than either of them can imagine …
Dreyfus
On a typical new release Tuesday, I will go to the website www.newreleasetuesday.com, see what interests me that released that day, and pull it up on Rhapsody. After listening to the album(s), I then go to either Amazon.com, or emusic.com, and download the tracks that appeal to me. This method saves me money, and keeps me from buying MP3′s that I will never listen to!!
It just seems that The Local really gets what it is to create a place where people who like good craft beer can get their ‘fix’ but still make it accessible to the average punter who might just be inclined to stay long enough to become one of those others. Hopefully it inspires others to take pubs out of the pokie-mire that many seem to be stuck in, or the brightly lit, stainless steel drink dispenser barns that are always giving beer a bad name.
I thought about my father, mother and sister on the other bike who would have problems if I pointed the mob their presence. I do not wonder now as I realise that anything can happen in this decade. My friend Jk rushed towards the place of incident and accompanied me to the auditorium. My spinal cord and area surrounding it was paining like the one it would after anaesthesia. Jk said me to remember that it is not us who should learn driving but also the others who surround us, so be vigilant whenever I drive or on the road.
Yesterday, I had a walk in Nunhead Cemetery and was angered to find the place in an extreme state of repair. (See photo)
For now, let's delve back into my first month of blogging and get our grill on. Here's some yummy burgers from way back when. Almost a year ago. :)
she ran out of the room, throwing Asia a look that clearly said......
I love that man…
the One who creates rainbows.
25) Daniel (New York)
she has her backpack.
The idea seems to be borrowed from China’s Shenzhen. The Chinese government was able to carry out the Special Economic Zone (SEZ) policy and replicate successful models because 1) China was very big and Shenzhen was relatively poor, so failure is bearable, and 2) the economic and political structure of Chinese cities are highly similar to promote good practices around the country.
i have attended this show for several years now, and i always come back energized and sparked up with encouragement and optimism about my work in this industry at large, and about my personal growth as an artist and a crafter. onward and upward!
Finally the dog was once more settled in the car.
I don’t really see an end to this rant, I could go on forever. Anyway,
Jeremy Hibnick
I felt so bad after I bought all of these! it was to much in such a short time… I didn’t get another foundation because of it, but it is lovely, absolutely gorgeous on the skin, it’s the new Estée Lauder Invisible Fluid Makeup. I learned about its existence about a couple of days after I purchased the Chanel compact, so I prefer to ask for a sample of it. The woman at the counter gave me two samples of two shades to see which one would suit me the best, and for what I could see, I can get away with either. The finish is so nice and I swear… you can’t feel there’s any foundation on your face… it’s unbelievable.
I will probably participate next year, but I will lower my expectations considerably.
WIP = Work In Progress: Very slow progress. Very repetitious progress, as I try to pick up the correct number of stitches for the sleeves. As I count and recount, because I'm going to do both sleeves at the same time so the decreases match, but I keep getting different results. Back to ...
Hopefully another hundred thousand times or more.
The following morning, after a trip to the chiropractor and a ‘small fry’ in the Silver Lounge in Larne, I started flicking through the cookbooks, using the online website recipes, the Slimming World Magazines that my sister had given me, and started putting together a menu plan.
The girl on the cover I believe is Luce, is again wearing a black dress. Every book cover of Fallen has its dark ensemble and a back drop of what the story sets. It will definitely catch someone’s attention, primarily girls.
Her worries dissolve into
I quickly flung the jerrycan to the ground. How was I to know that this was no ordinary jerrycan but a cigarette disposal bin? How was I to know that some foolish smoker had not extinguished their cigarette but before tossing it in the can? Am I a smoke detector? Thankfully the fire died out as the jerrycan hit the floor. It was a good day. It could have been worse.
So why have private schools traditionally favoured small class sizes?
SisterT ;-))
The Story Goes On
order-good for US and Canada!
admit the cayenne peppers make a strong statement.
I'm looking forward to a normal day today. I'll post to the blogs, then get the chateau ready for clients this afternoon. After work, I'll pick up some stuff from the dry cleaners, make some dinner, hang out. Good lord last week was a magical mystery tour! It's good to get back to a more recognizable rhythm.
Dana Smith, CPA, has joined Philadelphia-based Top 100 Firm ParenteBeard LLC as a principal in the Forensic, Litigation and Valuation Services Group. Read more of this entry
What memories! These were the best days of my life koi lauta de mere beetein huay din!!
After class, I was thinking about all of the responsibility that lies on the shoulders of moms. Every chemical they are exposed to, every food product they consume while pregnant… it all affects the health and development of their child. That’s a lot of responsibility, but it’s only the beginning!
We were disappointed our class picture is missing from the wall of the hundreds of students who have gone here in the past 99 years. My brother’s class is hanging there. We were told the missing classes might be in boxes in some storage room. My grandfather went to school here in the 1920s, so maybe his class picture is packed somewhere ,too. The Balch turns 100 years old next year, and I am sensing another NPA documentary.
here's glenn burke
Now it’s time to get to work. Ready?
Hello my friends! I hope you are having a wonderful week!!!
How does this square with hosting the Durban COP17 climate summit in December 2011, here in Gordhan’s home town, which is also Zuma’s power base?
HELLO PAPERBACK!
Grits' sense is that these reductions represent just the beginning of what's possible. IMO there's a lot more slack in the system to take up, and a lot more county budget savings to be had from jail population reductions if local officials - particularly those concerned with high taxes - will embrace the meme.
jenwhip912@gmail.com said...
Best Blog or Website - I have picked joint winners because these two cannot be separated and they rock equally.
The State Counsellor (Weidenfeld & Nicholson, Jan 2008)
When Wendy Geller's body is found in Central Park after the night of a rager, newspaper headlines scream,"Death in the Park: Party Girl Found Strangled." But shy Rain, once Wendy's best friend, knows there was more to Wendy than just "party girl."
Karl Sharro, a London based architect also mocked Prince Charles in an article for Spiked. It is a classic of modern ideological thinking and contempt for a country's traditions and the style of architecture that has developed there with the usual mocking arrogance and wild hyperbole. (2)
Article 32
In the meantime, our Heroes will continue suffering and dying, waiting for a little help from the country that praised their service, then forgot about them.
This statement is simply about Rush covering his oversized ass, keeping his job and the millions of dollars it provides him, nothing more, nothing less.
I made these SQUARE biscuits by mixing 1 cup flour 1/2 cup whipping cream, stir, knead, roll, cut and bake at 400. Ten Minute Biscuits. Soft Biscuits.
Jon Turnbull
Memories Dye Ink This needs to REALLY be dry. stamp a few days in advance, heat set it a long time, whatever it takes, but some people love it.
"I don't really have one."
Happy New Year!!
theater. The door opened into a claustrophobic space flooded with
Divorced ... Four times and counting or just separated, or in some cases still married.
8:40 - Get dressed
Then the real test began!!
And walk away.
What else have I been up to besides school work, school work and MORE school work? Well, with these new classes, I've actually had some down time! Huzzah! I'm hoping this down time won't come back to bite me in the rump in the coming weeks but I'm enjoying every second of it! This is week 2 of my current classes and so far I'm able to breathe (as if my appearance here two days in a row isn't confirmation enough of that!) Here are a few pictures of some things I've been working on. You know, for your viewing pleasure :
Hi, everyone! It’s Lori and and it’s my turn as hostess for this week’s Color Throwdown challenge. Here’s the color palette for the week, inspired by a pretty living room photo I found online at Better Homes and Gardens: Tempting Turquoise, Kiwi Kiss, Daffodil Delight, and Basic Gray.
I hope they get through and you have the chance to see them on the programme. Hobo Jones is the nicest chap, who has gone out of his way to encourage K with her songwriting and performing. Hearing him singing his 'Tyburn Jig' in our kitchen was an unforgettably moving experience. We have redecorated it since.
Anyway, I certainly hold no judgment of those who trapped then, nor of those who do now. There are those who feel it's essential for wildlife management. I don't know enough about that to have an opinion even. I love wildlife, emphasis on the life. That's all I know. And, I didn't decide to post this video because of the trapping aspect, although it is taken from the foreign film, "The Last Trapper," but because I found it to be quite beautiful, a visual treat, and Leonard Cohen is always worth a listen.
‘I am writing a strong letter to the Committee,’ explained the Egg, ‘drawing their attention to the intolerable … Great Scott!’ he cried, breaking off. ‘There he goes again!’
The rule, as I've heard it stated, says that if a claim is longer than the length of the examiner's hand, it's allowable. I've heard it more than once, from more than one examiner. The thing is, it's a complete fallacy. I know of not a single examiner, not even the ones from whom I've heard it, who actually subscribe to it. . . .
And don't forget, if you're ever in danger--the Diaper Heroes will be there!
Evidently I'm very foul mouthed when I think I'm going to die.
You start at the center & swirl to the outside area.
Good news? I'm taking Tuesday of next week off. Why? To go see about getting a job at home. I know more than half the folks at this place. It's something I'd love to do. I'd be an instructor again. So we'll see. The only downfall is that it might be a big pay cut. Big. Like 20 grand a year. Not quite sure I can swing that. That's a big cut.
James Constantine
Each tribes has their own unique culture, language, and spiritual belief. They can be distinguished by their costumes.
I was enjoying my afternoon bonbon (a piece of 78% dark chocolate hand-delivered by my boss who had brought it back from a business trip to Germany. It had these lovely little bits of cocoa that added a nice semi-crunchy texture to the sharp flavor). I was definitely coasting. My creative directors at Ogilvy & Mather, the agency where I worked, always made sure I wasn’t overworked. Which was a good thing since my best friend, AJ, and I were often in the habit of lingering over kir royales at Keith McNally’s fabulous Meatpacking District bistro, Pastis, until 2 a.m. On that particular autumn day, I was wondering if Rafaa, the Romanian gazillionaire I had met the night before, was going to call when Allyson, the agency’s in-house recruiter, walked into my office.
This pie takes a while to come together. First you pre-bake the crust. While it is baking, you make the chocolate cream. Both need to cool completely before the filling is spooned into the crust. Once that is done, the pie must then sit for 5-6 hours before serving.
Double boiler
Ay yay yay. It’s constant. It’s like getting into a fight you know you’re going to lose – every time. This experience made me recall all the other times my reflux has been called to bear witness to the horrible non-helpful practices of the modern customer service industry. I know it’s not always their fault. I know sometimes they are not given access to the proper screen, or only a supervisor can do it, or their computer freezes because it is clear that every customer service rep since the beginning of time has never been allowed a computer upgrade. They all must be working off of the world’s first operating system…BECAUSE LORD KNOWS NOT EVEN ICE FREEZES AS MUCH AS THE COMPUTER SCREEN OF A CUSTOMER SERVICE REPRESENTATIVE!!
Fast forward to last week. Gay rights advocate, writer, and It Gets Better founder Dan Savage appeared at a high school journalism conference to discuss the issue of bullying. Reasonably pointing to the all-too-frequent use of religious faith to defend homophobic bullying, he pointed out the many inconsistencies between biblical teaching and modern “Christian” practice, using the robust defense of slavery in the Bible as a repeated example. His references to outmoded biblical requirements as “bullshit” outraged some attendees, who walked out of his presentation. As he transitioned from this part of his presentation to his broader theme of bullying, he commented on the walk out.
Fordham University announced today that all faculty and staff email will move to Google’s Gmail in the coming months joining students and alumni already on the Gmail platform. Fordham IT plans to complete the migration by the end of 2012.
Bay of Plenty 57.6% to 60.1% (118,000 to 120,400)
This fortnights challenge is CIRCLES. No straight lines at all cuties. So what do you think you can come up with. We have two fantastic sponsors for this challenge!
3 bunches cilantro
The theme over at La La Land Crafts this week is "All wired UP.' using some kind of wire or metal on your projects.. which I realized I had no of... But I did have these really cute "gold bead spacer" that I got from "pizzazzaplenty" and they sure have a "metal look" to them; and what was even better is that they played great in my color scheme.. I am soo into "yellow" right now and I will be using a lot for the spring and summer season.. My DP is some of my older "October Afternoon" Thrift Shop. This has always been one of my favorite lines of any of my DP.. and when I dug it out my stash and saw the yellow and blue polka dot I knew it would be perfect. I finished off my layout with some of my decorative tape from my Smash collection.. as long as I have had this tape along with my "smash book" I am glad I found a way to use it.
1012 **D-III/4/1988. “Politics and Piety in Plutarch’s Numa Pompilius.” First Friday Lecture Series, The Basic Program, The University of Chicago, The Cultural Center, Chicago Public Library, Chicago, Illinois. (Incorporated in Item C-1993(2), above, pp. 13-31.)
On the other hand, we want to adopt first. We need to adopt first. I wish I could help speed that up, but we sit here twiddling our thumbs waiting.
Thanks for your support, comments, and loyalty. It has meant a lot to me.
I was delighted to receive my contributor’s copy of A Cup of Comfort for Mothers (http://bit.ly/9HC4nv), containing my story The Tao of Laundry. I’ve wanted to be published in A Cup of Comfort ever since I picked up a copy of A Cup of Comfort for Women a few years back and discovered that they accepted submissions from anyone. I had some stories to tell, and here it seemed was a great outlet. I loved the idea of true stories by a wide cross-section of writers, who weren’t necessarily “professional writers”, but merely people like myself with “a story to tell”.
He asked another pathologist whom he works with to take a look at everything and make another report. He also ordered an MRI to be done which we did this morning followed by a visit with this new doctor. The MRI showed that the tumor has not gone into nor did it come from the bone which was a major worry but it appears to just be in the soft tissue. He does however feel that there is about a 1 in 10 chance that it could be malignant. One in ten doesn't really seem like that much most of the time but I think it is sort of like babies. They look so small until you are pregnant and you realize that one of those has to come out of you. Then they look humongous. When I am taking a risk with my kid 1 in 10 sounds so much higher. Maybe it is just me.
(The Farm Kids and Neighbor Kids are in the corner making faces at the Bad Guys.)
I know management doesn’t want Sid and Geno blocking shots, but the Flyers have used elite talent (Jeff Carter, Mike Richards, Claude Giroux) to short-handed success against the Penguins for years. It’s time the Pens started using sets with Sid and Geno on the Kill, to at least give opponents the fear of short-handed chances against. I like Craig Adams a lot, but he isn’t making Kimmo Timonen and Matt Carle nervous.
People aren’t going fast enough. It annoys me. I feel bad.
-Brock grabs Cena’s chain and wraps it around his hand!
Alex and Lila are on the run, desperately trying to stay one step ahead of the Unit, which somehow is managing to track their every move. Whilst Alex is determined to keep Lila safe and her ability secret at any cost, Lila’s only thought is of finding a way back to California so that she can rescue her brother and mother from the military base where they’re being held.
The (Near death) tube..non-stop to the next dimension..journey times vary.
have I offered
Like everyone, I have felt so helpless all week, watching the heartbreaking scenes from this week's floods and reading posts by our blogging friends who are directly affected by this devastating natural disaster. I really wanted to help...but what could I do? Inspired by some amazing fellow blogging friends, I decided today, to re-open my Etsy store and will be focusing on crocheted homewares.To kick start the year, I will be donating ALL the proceeds (minus shipping costs) from sales until the end of January, to the Qld Premier's Flood Relief Appeal.
15. I'm feeling hormonal!
Mimilove
Not fair really. I have to stay a mom forever but they didn’t stay children.
mix the olive oil in with your warm water, slowly pour the oil and water mixture into your dry ingredients whilst mixing with your hands (there is no point using a spoon as you want to be able to feel the dough)
Terike Novak, Regional Director, Security Benefit
Fruit Chaat / Tropical Summer Fruit Salad
Phoebe says, “Can I have one?” She’s so cute. Her little cute nose and her little pretty eyes, and her precious little chin fur. I love her.
– As Prisoner Numbers Decline, 1/3 of Texas Jail Cells Are Empty
15:08: Chaouachi explains that junk science is in direct opposition to the teachings of the Koran, which states that "good science goes from cradle to the grave" and that anti-tobacco's demonstrably false science should be highlighted to muslims at every opportunity. He says the social lives of millions of muslims is being attacked on the basis of false research.
Over the weekend, my wife and I were visiting a very good friend in another state. This friend has, as far back as I can ever remember, always been a fitness buff. He’s not bodybuilding buff, but certainly lives a fitness lifestyle by working out multiple times each week, watching what he eats and avoids certain unhealthy habits that contribute to unwanted lifestyle behaviors. I’d say he is as physically, emotionally, and spiritually as fit as anyone I have the privilege to know.
For those of you who didn't know, Kelsie and I went to the midnight showing of The Hunger Games last Thursday night. If you don't know about The Hunger Games, check out my previous post here. I could hardly keep my eyes open at the work the next day, but it was totally worth it.
1. Talking Wilma on a walk with this sunset in the back ground
In another case, I have a friend who has offered to help us pick up the leaves in our yard in exchange for my setting her up an account and getting her going on Craigslist. Living near woods with lots of tall oaks, this is a welcome trade I happily accepted.
The good news -- I no longer gave a crap about being on an airplane. All that mattered was him.
1 outweighed
In the Auric lambda of the PSI, time-space fields are irrational constants
Since I'm in the process of re-reading Trickster's Girl before moving on to reading and reviewing its sequel, Traitor's Son, here's a bit of fun I ran into today while visiting one of my favorite comics, xkcd.
Or, you know, big, drown-y-and-then-throws-you-in-a-teacup hands. Whatev. Point: it's vicious and dark and dangerous...and completely amicable, in a "just doing my job" kind of way. It's also full of The Crazy, and funny. This is a Tu-worthy book, indeed - another hit out of the ballpark for Lee & Low's amazing little imprint that could.
Both coaches laid blame on the referees.
I told Jackson how very proud I was of him. And in that instant, I could see the kid that Jackson really is. Not the one who lacks self-control when his meds wear off. There wasn't a trace of Mr. Hyde in the kid hanging out with me, eating cake tonight.
"Now, don't worry, kids; Elmo's more afraid of you than you are of him!
Path stretching from the corner
* FROSTING:
Fly like birds
However, on a brighter note for Proton, the group has seen some interest in its shares of late.
Green chillies- 1 kg
We all know what it's like taking our young children abroad on holiday.
Court records show that the father of the boy has obtained a restraining order against Atkinson.
The return of Nixon’s top goal scorer of last year, Alejandro Espinoza, is cause of excitement for the mean green, but it’s the entrance of two sensational freshmen that especially has Rodriguez in a tizzy.
Last weekend we got what a normal Nebraska winter delivers....
‘He saved all our lives with a snap of his thumb
5:27 - Girls go outside; TURTLE LOST! Short search and rescue party begins
Though I sometimes use tarot as a means to help investors or those in the financial world decide a direction, all I can say from questions I have asked the cards is that 2012 is “The Year of Opiates” for the Anglocentric world, particularly in the US, where the focus will be on giving a good impression for the elections. You will notice that the jobs data will suddenly appear better and people will be taking riskier investments. Some of them are good to take advantage of, but do not overextend yourself during this build-up period.
Messiaen could illicit deep, unambiguous horror, or nerve-cutting ecstasy. His work graces some of the most relatable scenes in modern cinema, and much of our cultural debt is owed to him.
3rd: He has no respect for anyone there (hence the thrown cup)
You can really get pummeled with stones that are 1 inch in diameter. Even golf-ball sized hail, which most people don’t realize is nearly 2 inches in diameter, can do serious damage. Crops and gardens can be badly damaged by hail that may only be pea-sized.”
Tacoma Dome
Hat: Alternative Design Studio
Over the cell phone's external speaker we can all hear John's crackling, sobbing voice as he tells his Dad he loves him. "Hang in there Dad...I love you Dad." And the old man's mouth began to move.
13. What events are you signed up for?
“It’s very difficult for them, especially for those with families and in the summer, so we are trying to relieve the pressure on them.”
words of
I had contacted them regarding having difficulty scheduling lots and got an email response that day with an offer to help. They even followed up and double checked that I was able to get my items scheduled. So Tophatter gets an A+++++ in my book for customer service.
The flight leaving Chicago to Springfield was late. (All my other flights had been bang on time and very smooth.) I (and everyone else) were sitting as far away from the strange man in the waiting area as possible. It was entertaining to see someone new come in, find a space near him (as there was PLENTY of space that we had all vacated at one time or another) then, after 15 minutes of the guy's mumblings and such, move away.
If looks could kill, Daniel would be dead. AJ stares into Daniel’s heart, and leaves, Daniel Bryan Vs The Big Show is up next.
So last month Chase, our youngest nursling, turned 16 months. This is not a milestone birthday like 1 year, or 18 months, so why am I telling you this? Because I have officially now nursed Chase twice as long as I nursed Aiden! So many things were different this time and as I have come across challenges, we have overcome. In some ways nursing my 16 month old IS twice as nice. I really love not having to worry about his health if he goes on food strike due to illness, teething, or just plain toddlerness. It is a great behavior modification tool (hahaha!) and a handy way to get him to sleep. I also can really appreciate how much it has taught me that children this age are really STILL BABIES. I'm so fortunate to have supportive and passionate friends around me. I was able to learn a lot of lessons about breastfeeding an older baby just by being around them. I was endlessly grateful when Chase went on his 2 day nursing strike 8 months ago because it was extremely stressful for me...particularly given the timing. I needed reminders from my experienced friends about handling nursing strikes...funny how being IN a situation can make you forget what you know about that situation.
Hate of any kind is not okay. Standing up for LGBTQ rights does NOT mean that I don’t stand up against racism and sexism. It does NOT mean that I don’t care about the poverty going on all over the world, as well as in my own country. It does NOT mean that I will only vote for candidates who support gay marriage while ignoring all of their other political stances. I’m so tired of people telling me to give it a rest, gays have all the rights they need, gay marriage is legal in Canada, what more could I want?
What most networkers don’t realize is that what is taught to them by their upline or your uplines upline, in the network marketing industry usually doesn’t work. I too, used to build a huge list of my friends and family, talked to everybody who came within 3 feet of me, I made cold calls, I even rented booths to try and sell products. I failed and failed using these tips for well over a year before I really learned how to market, but I never gave up.
Tara Yvette Hobbs, 31, New York, N.Y.
The cause of placenta previa is unknown.
BF: No. A close colleague of mine was there. And, I confirmed it from two other people who were there, who aren’t related to that colleague of mine.
Well, I celebrated my 4Th decade of being "The Translucent Persuader" here on this wonderful planet we call Earth. I had hoped that I had learned some very important lessons in my many years and could offer you a sage cornucopia of "limited edition" follower only information. It would be a virtual "plethora platter" of wisdom nuggets and chunks of meaty direction, but, meh , what freaking fun would THAT be? *shrugs*
Rhonaldo and Slug had a good rhythm going, very boring, and I sat there stroking all my half-a-foot, slowly and smoothly, working up a fat little bead of precum before slathering it all over my helmet’s edge…
So it's somehow appropriate that I pass along some Old Dominion news. The deal for founder Jerry Bailey to sell the brewery to his management team has fallen through amid rumors that Bailey will sell his brewery to Anheuser-Busch.
I am now child-free, during school hours, five days a week. If I had waited for the perfect time, I'd probably just be starting out now. Or washing my windows.
When the temperatures hit the 80s in March of this year, I'll admit we wavered. Oh yes, we were tempted. Glamourous daydreams of an early spring caused us to toy with the idea of throwing off the heavy flannel shackles to embrace the smooth lightness of plain cotton. But we knew 'twas an idle dream; the weather would correct itself, and the cold nights would soon return (which they did).
xo Marija"
I have a feeling by Monday, we'll see little sprouts coming up, and our already growing spinach and kale and arugula will be on our plates for dinner. :)
2 1/2 tablespoons very cold (frozen is even better) vegetable shortening, cut into 2 pieces
Yeah how I was made
2. Cut the tough woody stems off the ends of the asparagus spears. Use a vegetable peeler to shave the spears into ribbons. You likely will not need all of the asparagus, but use more ribbons than you think you need because it will cook down in the oven.
- Cover the pan and cook over medium heat until rice and vegetables are done. You can add boiling water if needed.
“But Darling what are you doing! I would have had that!”
Caitlin, Kayla, one of Kayla’s friends, and I are applying to live in one of the on-campus apartments next year. There are 5 apartments that are really nice, and two groups of four live in each. (One on the upper floor, one on the lower.) These apartments include a kitchen with a stove, oven, full-length fridge, microwave, and dishwasher(!!!!!), four bedrooms, two bathrooms, a washer and dryer (!!!!!) and a living room, and a cute little bar area. I WANT IT SO BAD! The thing is, you have to have a full-year service project in order to live there, and preference is given to sophomores. We have to fill out this lengthy application and turn it in, and then we will find out if we need to come back and present it to a panel. We’ll find out by next Friday if we got it. Today Caitlin and I went to go meet with the volunteer coordinator and when we tried to drive there, my car wouldn’t start. We took hers instead and when we got back I called Security to try and help me start it, but they said it wasn’t working and must be some other problem. So I just called my dad and I don’t know what we’ll do now because I was supposed to go home this weekend.
They also know you, and know better than to ask you for money.
Distribute the chocolate chips evenly over the toffee mixture in the pan, and then, using a metal spatula or table knife, spread the chocolate as it melts into an even layer. Sprinkle the walnuts over the chocolate layer, and using a spatula press lightly to make them adhere.
Of course, there could be a very good reason this episode is so faceless: it is all setup for the big Book Two finale, where the real major plot points and, most importantly, the real emotionality and character interest lies. This was probably a deliberate attempt by DiMartino and Konietzko and company to get the audience’s guard down for a moment and then prep them up for when the shit gets real.
Sure, I will have cakes. After all, I love to bake. But they may not be every day anymore.
Walt Disney is one of many inspirational stories from people who have achieved great things by following their dreams no matter what. Disney faced numerous rejections yet refused to listen to the negative people who said, “you can’t”. Thank you Walt Disney for believing in your dream and leaving us with a legacy that will last forever.
Power Lines: In the later part of the hike, the trail crosses the power lines twice. Since you are most likely hiking this trail out and back, consider taking the side trail that runs beneath the power lines and joins the two crossings, either when you are coming or going. It’s a different feeling to walk beneath the open sky. And welcome on a cold, but sunny day like the one I was hiking on. You’ll see wildflowers, and the young pines trees there are typical of the early succession of a field back to forest.
I shake my head and sigh. Three years ago, someone could have kept asking questions, could have tried to help me as I insisted something was wrong. Instead, I was shoved out and ignored. And now, if further tests prove it is indeed CREST that causes my issues, I have lung damage that might have been prevented, if my symptoms are an indication.
But what did The Bitch do about it in the end? She wrote her own novel about the whole episode - ha! Wrote it like it was - yeah! - with a tough and feisty heroine (me) and a right bastard of a manipulative anti-hero. And The Bitch's novel got published - ha!- which the ex's didn't.
Not sure what to expect, I trusted God to lead me. He led me into the path of AG Central African Area Directors, Pat & Suzanne Hurst.
Using my faux slap chop, I chopped up the walnuts.
My presidential platform is based on a simple solution to this problem. It will not solve all the problems of the country, and there are a million little details that need to be hammered out. But it will make a huge difference and it will be the most effective single thing we can do to bring the country back around.
Still, we wondered if the theatre of the absurd being acted out in Moscow might veer towards tragedy, as precedent would suggest. And we wondered whether we’d soon be headed home instead of East.
5-6 C hard white wheat flour
It feels when your world shakes
I called her attention, and she promptly responded with a pained meow. You can sense from her voice how continuous bleeding has weakened her. She’s too weak to look straight at me, much less rub her body affectionally against my legs as she usually does. I kept on asking her: “Ano’ng nangyari sayo?” (“What happened to you?”), as if somehow she’d be able to answer me. I went back to my room, and for the first time that day, I cried.
Wouldn't you like to get away?
Lt. General H.P. “Pete” Osman, USMC (Ret.)
He gave us 2 weeks to write the paper. It was worth a lot of points and I worked very, very hard on it. Actually, I was able to write it fairly quickly. The polishing took a great while. I was a nervous wreck when I turned it in, because I was almost certain he never heard about my topic, and I was almost certain I could be kicked out of his class for what I wrote. I did read the final copy to my mom and asked her if I should turn it in. She thought that if I had to shock him, this would do it. So, I turned it in.
Clearly my core is pathetic. There were truly too many PUSH UPS (yes pushups, not sit ups)… in this core workout for me.
If Yannatos' creative combinations of glistening timbres reflects the "light" part of the sound and light show, the "sound" part comes, perhaps, from the melding of snippets of national anthems and folk tunes (see here for a more detailed description). They're easy to miss because they're not all well known and because Yannatos masks them well — the regular shifts in instrumental combinations sometimes draw attention away from the pitches themselves. But appreciating the celebratory flavor of the work doesn't depend on recognizing the melodies. Here, in the first movement, some of you will recognize this sweeping, even plaintive reformulation of the Polish national anthem (listen here if you need a refresher).
sailing
Being thrown up on. One of the many joys of having small children/babies...
1 cried
The video is also interesting for what it says about the Caballeros. The fact that the CJNG targeted them rather than the Familia indicates that the Caballeros have consolidated themselves as Michoacan’s foremost gang, definitively displacing the older organization. It seems unlikely, however, that they have such a firm hold over Guerrero. Acapulco in particular has been contested by a bevy of different groups in recent years, from the
In the hospital, you start out in Game 1: the open world adventure game. This game-within-game is the one that, to me, yielded all of the actually interesting parts, though by itself it's somewhat shallow and ridiculous. You're first tasked with exploring the oddly labyrinthine hospital, and then given a chess-related puzzle by Ushah in order to gain access to the basement.
04 Fascination Street
i feel more and more at odds with my own photography. i'm looking at images and think: pretty, but i don't like it. or rather: that's not what i want at all. it may be beautiful, but it's got nothing at all to do with my vision.
"Yes, I needed to get in touch with you because you're due in court today."
So that you non-Harry Potter-readers know what I’m talking about, Hogwarts is Harry Potter’s school and there are 4 Houses: Gryffindor, Slytherin, Ravenclaw, and Hufflepuff. Every year, the Sorting Hat sings a song (sometimes a kind of warning) and then Sorts first-year students into Houses based on who they are.
Of course, since this shows only a written record for analysis, there are mistakes to be made. One scholar thought that she had made a groundbreaking discovery proving a shift in focus towards literary debates and analysis after she noted a huge jump in the words “prosody” and “syntax” in 1832. Turns out, Prosody and Syntax were popular racehorses of the day and articles were merely noting race results.
Did you go to prom?
- Rodney Dangerfield has the coolest golf bag ever made
"We get a little further away from the Axtli, first." Taslin sounded about as scared as a stone, and Rel fought down a hot surge of anger at his own weakness.
This woman is truly a treasure!!
I have a copy of my soon-to-be-released first book. I’m self-employed, working professionally as a full-time Druid. I’ve met the most wonderful bunch of people – with more to come, with many rites and events this year ahead (including in other countries). People are interested in what I’m up to, and I’m able to help them in turn. My diary is now filling up into late 2013 (eek!).
and loved you anyways . . .
In my defense, she hasn't either.
The architects had a vision of the market extending the full length of Douglas Way. Unfortunately the stall agreements relate to specific locations, so the stallholders were entitled to insist on their original pitches. That made moving the second-hand market, which was in the square beside the Albany Theatre, almost impossible.
-Don't say, "Isn't it time you got over this and moved on?" It's not something I enjoy, being grief-stricken. I wish it had never happened. But it did and it's a part of me forever. The grief will ease on its own timeline, not mine - or yours.
Is Iceland a synonym for quality?
Absolutely devastated by this news. Part of my childhood has gone with her. I hope they were able to get a few episodes of the next series of SJA completed so we can see them. I had no idea she had cancer, which makes it even more of a shock. Gutted.
“A boy hit me, Papa. I think he was from the village.”
Today is a new day. I am sitting on my best friend’s couch, in Eugene, Oregon, a town where, at 19, I lived through the death of one of my best friends, and my own battle with serious drug addiction. It’s always a trip being here. Last night, on our way home from the local sweet shop, we passed a house and I remembered myself, at 20 years old, throwing a friend in a tub of cold water to keep them from dying from an overdose. This town is full of surreal memories like that. Every time I return, I remember less and less, and the town is more of “just a place.” I think that’s a good thing.
He shook his head.
Simonstern ran across the boarder, where past the fog he saw his changeling ally casting teleport, next to their rogue compatriot with another wand in hand, yelling "Hurry it up!"
Getting information on the reservoir-side of the dam is a bit easier. Most agents will tell you how many queries they get a week, and you can check out author sites such as QueryTracker to get statistics on how many manuscripts agents select to read out of the hundreds of queries they receive each week. My agent was kind enough to share some of her numbers (and give me permission to tell you about them):
Materials: Leather-bound, woodboard, parchment
Early this morning, 2-2-2012, I headed out to take some pictures. I was planning on going to the Chickamauga Dam to see if the water was still flowing wide open through all of the spillways there like it has been recently.
OVERALL: A+
Please contact the Washington office of either Representative DeFazio (202-225-6416) or Representative Rehberg (202-225-3211) to learn more about the Small Brewers Caucus and to join. Thank you for considering my request.
It’s daunting.
Historian, Church: Person charged with maintaining the official version of church history. Joseph Fielding Smith was the prototypical historian, insisting that anything that was not faith-promoting be suppressed and/or destroyed. During the 1970s, the church flirted with real history, hiring Leonard Arrington. After he published The Story of the Latter-day Saints, which wasn’t sanitized enough for some of the Brethren, he was exiled to BYU, and the historian’s office was thereafter occupied by general authorities.
Penguinbane is gone. Our dear beloved Newt Gingrich. Although he made unrealistic statements about space, loved God, despised the left and was renowned for his interest in popular hygiene, Penguinbane somehow did not succeed in his ultimate quest to become President of the United States (POTUS). Coincidentally an anagram of POTUS is POUTS, and pouting being one of the myriad of reactions that comes to mind when I hear a little smidgeon of this on my television late at night.
After the serpentarium, we went to the USS North Carolina Battleship Memorial. We've driven by it many times and have seen it from the riverwalk but never actually been to it. It was awesome! We were able to walk through most of it and the see so much! The kids loved it even though it got very hot and tiring at some points. We definitely recommend touring it if you are in the area and have never done it before.
There. That should hold me for another while...
I don't speak lightly when I say that people MUST make personal sacrifices if they want to bring liberty and freedom into society and destroy the NWO. People are not prepared to get too involved because they know it would completely turn their lives upside down and worse still, becoming an enemy of the state not only puts your life in danger but the lives of your loved ones. Captain, you have children. Would you put their lives at risk if you knew that continuing down this path your on would create serious danger for them? Look at the Hollie Greig situation? Hollie's Uncle was murdered by the establishment, beaten badly with bats, thrown into a car, whisky forced down his throat and then burned alive. This is what they're capable of. Now Robert Green who went to get justice for Hollie is now in prison. What's happening to the highly corrupt Officials, such as the Procurator Fiscal Eilish Angiolini? What about the paedophiles high up within the Aberdeenshire establishments? Papers such as the UK Column who are bravely telling the truth are really not too much of a threat at the moment to the elites, but when they do become a serious threat, they will be removed.
dreams left in the warmth
And with that, just one final comment: I suspect that Leveson LJ will find it difficult to formulate regulation for bloggers should he be minded to recommend a state based regulatory system for the press and other media. As we discussed in last week’s Without Prejudice podcast – the existing law may well be sufficient to regulate bloggers?
There is this paraphrase of Philippians 1:21. “For me to live is Christ, and to die is more Christ.” So Paul’s prayer in Philippians 3:10 was “that I may know him.” In 1 Corinthians 13:12 he wrote, “Then shall I know even as also I am known.”
What is your "O" word of the day?
The producer: （吟-さん） Gin-san, wanted to convey the gratitude that one feels to a friend for his/her unconditional support.
having forgiven us all our transgressions;
Yesterday we were all drowning in raindrops. It has been a cool, grey,
in my home, some examples of which you can see above.
“What did you wish for ? ” I asked him,sounding very much the idiot i was feeling like inside.
“I know that,” he replied, in an aggrieved tone. “But I mean a made up story about Hanukkah.”
Grated carrot: 110 gms
I'm entering this card into the following challenges
My wife and I continue to sample the Canadian meat-pie (Tourtière de l’Île) annually during the Christmas holidays, while remembering some of the old French families that shared their ancient recipes handed down through the generations.
*In March my real baby turned 2. It was terrible. I can't believe that she is already that old......but at the same time she thinks that she is at least 18. She talks like an adult and sings and dances and performs and is so much fun. She is a girly girl and she is also a little wild tomboy.
1/2 oz - Saaz (60 min)
It just doesn't make a lick of difference.
~ At the equinoxes, the sun appears overhead at noon as seen from Earth’s equator
That’s really all there is to it! When these four things are completed, there will be a knock on your door. Don’t be afraid. Go and answer the door, but make certain to open it with your left hand. If you have no left hand, than you must use your left foot. A man wearing a trenchcoat and fedora will be waiting for you. You will not be able to see his face, nor would you want to! He will extend his hand, and you must give him exactly 3 trout fins, which he will eat.
If you want the average examiner’s eyes to glaze over (or me to disregard your arguments), put 4 pages of arguments citing 10 different pieces of case law regarding the motivation to combine. I simply don’t have the time to research all of the case law you've cited to figure out which applies and which does not. I don't mind seeing responses like that, because suddenly I find that what I thought was a 6 page response consists of only two pages that actually need to be responded to.
The foreshadowing vocabulary of a sliding frame here lets “iron” link with “shirt” and “under” and “fit” and “fitted,” “under” also with “up” and “over,” “bone” with the un(der)stated “hair” suggested later in the image of an anchorite, as “bent on” recalls the sense of “fit to finish” even as it also fits the iron a smith might forge upon. That “bone / shirt I’m bent on” can only be the body and yet … and yet.
Rachel took the charitable route. "I'll get it." She went to the right place, and got out the right bowl. She scooped in the Kraft stuff and then carried it to the table. She sat down, served herself a small spoonful, ate it, and then decided if she planned to exercise later tonight, it would make it okay for her to have another very small and reasonable scoop. She reached out for the serving spoon.
PBDS Baru, for instance, had submitted their application three years ago in a bid to revive PBDS which was deregistered on Oct 24, 2004.
Since I started writing again, like that, I’m used to the hecticness. My children are a little on the crazy side. They are loud and busy, I think they might get that from me, but I still write. I wrote Taking Shots during their summer vacation, it was hell, but I did it. Trying to Score was a little easier since they were in school but they still came home. It isn’t just them, it’s my husband too. He is a needy little thing, wanting all my attention when my characters are vying for my attention, too.
earthquake.
The content, for the most part, is good. It’s just the packaging that often is irritating. The way to fix it is to have more copy editors and a more experienced desk, but we know that McClatchy isn’t going to do that. Even if it did that, it wouldn’t reclaim all of the institutional knowledge that was let go.
Mr Schulz phoned police and pleaded for assistance.
And at the back against the wall, are the diapers that are made and awaiting soakers.
Instead he assaulted and raped her.
This immediately appealed to me as an 'abstract' perfume. The story goes that Duchaufour was fascinated by the secret world of Savile Row tailors, and spent a week in one, sniffing the air and ruminating on an accord of cloth, metal, wood and chalk, with a bit of beeswax (used to wax the thread, apparently). This sort of crazy-professor behaviour is quite normal for noses.
Until I labour, I in labour lie.
At our restaurant, Harry and I talked and talked and talked. We laughed, we held hands. I told him about my job. He talked about the Weimar Republic, Wilson’s Fourteen Points and I ate it up and smiled. We talked about us and how great it was to be this relaxed with someone. He and I just click. During a chat yesterday we were discussing how well we were clicking….He said, “Our friendship is the easy part… wait.. our attraction is the easy part.. um but… our conversation is the easy part.. Hell, what’s the hard part?”
c) Prof. Dr. Heinz Goddar, Senior Advisor & Director, European Patent and Trademark Attorney, Partner, Forrester & Boehmert, Germany
1And there came one of the seven angels which had the seven vials, and talked with me, saying unto me, Come hither; I will shew unto thee the judgment of the great whore that sitteth upon many waters:
We call these people “fashion forward” or “rockstars.” They are usually closely tied to the music industry. These are the people that Zig when everyone else is Zagging. While we may think they look weird, we also envy–and are attracted to–their confidence. Everyone loves someone who makes “breaking the rules” acceptable. That confidence is what will make their fashion the “next big thing.” There will always be a place in fashion for this individual to make new things “cool.”
Judge # 3 -- I felt something scraping across my tongue, but was unable
Cyber Circus; Kim Lakin-Smith (NewCon Press)
Okay so I want to move to Pakistan. I have accepted my job offer and FJ is waiting for a final reply on his offer. I have put every thing in Allah’s hands. Here is my plan, InshAllah. We will sell or rent our home, go back for a few years, look after my Dad and then decide what to do next. If Allah wills, our house will get sold or rented. If nothing happens, we will just have to wait.
On the inside, I stamped "happy anniversary" although of course I forgot to take a photo of it. D'oh.
Check out this clip from, “Good Night and Good Luck”. The film is about Edward R. Murrow, a television anchor from the World War II era. Naturally, television would have been black and white back then, so taking away the color adds a realistic touch. It also makes the film a bit of a novelty. People wanted to see it for the sheer reason that black and white films are not as common anymore. The same applies for, “The Artist”.
Following Screeching Weasel's very public self-destruction at SXSW last year, we now get to answer the question of who put out the best post-break-up work. Well, if Screeching Weasel II's Carnival of Schadenfreude EP and Dan Vapid's self-titled LP with The Cheats are anything to go by, Vapid's just kicked Weasel's ass.
There you have it, a cute, little outfit, that effectively, cost nothing to make.
“That we’re meant to be together!” she explains.
How many times have you heard the phrase that “someone should bring him up? Of course, there is some truth, because If you never kollirovat at not very strong hands, your opponent may bluff when he pleases, and that you just izvedet. Personally I think that when someone you bringeth forth – this is a bad party poker rakeback, so sometimes I approve of call to “to expose”. But when?
Glee – I think we can all agree that ‘thank crap Terri’s fake pregnancy story is over!’ Hopefully Glee starts firing on all four cylinders at the same time now, and not just in fits and spurts throughout an episode. Glee is a dark little show that manages to hide its fear that these characters will never realize their dreams underneath the shiny layer of a high school musical. It’s also laugh out loud funny and has the best soundtrack of any television show on the air.
7. Turn Out The Stars
With all this talk of infatuations, obsessions and immersions, you probably think I’ve got a lot of personal issues to deal with on my end. You may be right, but the next time you spend every waking moment of a weekend skiing, or spend all day shopping endlessly for the perfect pair of jeans or a hanging flower basket for your patio, you have also experienced an immersion. We can debate the merits and labeling of all these different activities, and I obviously would never advocate getting lost in drugs or other destructive actions. The only thing I know for sure is that it’s the people who don’t have any healthy interests that are the ones who puzzle me the most. So much of our lives have to follow a daily routine, we all need something that keeps things interesting, an activity to look forward to. If you find your current lifestyle getting stale, may I suggest you start immediately in the fanatical pursuit of something. Life is short, and there are so many things to get wrapped up in before it’s all over. I can’t wait until tomorrow; you never know when a new infatuation might begin.
Lieutenant Frio nodded at the open door of the post office box. “Better lock that,” she said, her eyes glued to the package that Dylan stuffed into his backpack. “Can I buy you a Coke or a milk shake maybe a burger?” she asked.
"A ship in harbor is safe - but that is not what ships are built for." ~ John A. Shedd
That’s all folks
Will jumped out in front of their dad. "Michael, I brought the girls. As you know, they qualified for Xenith." He raised a finger as if in warning.
But today, I have been struggling with sadness all day. This morning, a dear friend and I interviewed the first of a small list of funeral homes. Now I have to admit that this is really a better way to deal with the situation than if I were to wait and have to make all these decisions in a crunch of time. But generally speaking, this just sucks.
What a fucking circus show, best on earth, and well, it affects everyone. WHO PUT THESE RETARDS IN CHARGE!? I’m serious, so serious i just have to laugh because, I didn’t vote for these bastards, and well, voting in such corrupt offensive systems as ours (the whole world, every single country), I really don’t know where to begin, so let me just talk about my own country, CANADA, what a fucking joke. I mean, i look at who we, a country of what 35 million people, i don’t bother looking at statistics unless they’re forced upon me, but say no more than 1/4 of the country actually votes. who are these people, and why do they care? The Conservative Party, the Liberal Party, the NDP, the Green Party, the so called major players, but when it really comes down to it, most canadians get pissed off everytime the word politics come up, everyone has an opinion, yet, nobody really thinks anything they say or do in the matter of politics makes a difference. The only ones who do make a difference are the politicians, because they are so offensive, people, the 3/4 of the population, just don’t give a shit, so, we let them get away with everything short of murder. Corruption is everywhere, we don’t care, the health system has fallen to pieces, going on about cancer, saying tobacco is the leading cause, yet the government, no matter which party, still allows tobacco to be readily available. I just quit smoking, (thank you) but besides the point, if you smoke, you’re going to smoke, and these politicians are always pointing there finger, well, do something about it, they spend billions advertising the negative affects, curing the ones who are affected, cancer, coughs, depression, whatever, but it’s not gonna stop them from smoking, you want to do something about it, make what you call “tobacco” what i call a chemical concoction of who knows what the fuck, fucking ban it, seriously, if it’s that big a deal, fucking ban it, do something about it, stop talking and do something about it. Ok, so i strayed from the actual subject here, Politicians are those people who are all talk and no action, the only action is secretive and damaging, but trying to make everyone happy, nothing every gets done, if they were strong, they’d fucking do something, whether everyone agreed or not. People aren’t babies, we can handle a fight, you don’t need my support, you’re still gonna fuck me over.
We've had a little break away. Effecting an even brief escape from the business requires careful planning,organisation and team work.
Please pray for us (us being everyone in Japan) and if you feel so inclined, find a way to send some warm blankets to people who've lost their homes. Don't know when I'll be back on-line again, but hopefully soon.
The states are pursuing allegations that some home loans weren’t correctly transferred into securitizations, undermining investors’ stakes in the mortgages, according to two people with knowledge of the probes. They’re also concerned about improper foreclosures on homeowners as result, said the people, who declined to be identified because they weren’t authorized to speak publicly. The probes prolong the fallout from the six-year housing bust that’s cost Bank of America Corp., JPMorgan Chase & Co. (JPM) and other lenders more than $72 billion because of poor underwriting and shoddy foreclosures. It may also give ammunition to bondholders suing banks, said Isaac Gradman, an attorney and managing member of IMG Enterprises LLC, a mortgage-backed securities consulting firm.
As I said in Question 1, I felt like I was pushing a square-shaped shaman boulder up a steep incline. There was the general community backlash against shaman healers (thanks to the very public discussion from Paragon about how shamans and resto shamans in particular weren’t worthy of cutting edge raid slots) and then there was the actual CONTENT that forced 10 man resto shamans to work twice as hard for the same results as other healers.
do good parenting and good partnering
Stamp n Write Markers: Real Red(#100052), Old Olive(#100079)
And you know the first job of my day today was to email all the lucky writers that made it into the Bridge House Short Story Competition Longlist. And by the end of May I will be able to announce the winners and the those that will be published. That is something I so love to do!
Now, I’ve heard offenders of this speech crime before, but never to this extent. It was as if he had “Ya know what I’m sayin’?” tourettes. A nervous tic that comes out as an inquiry to the nature of the person on the receiving end’s listening and comprehension skills. Ya know what I’m sayin’?
-Cyrille Diabate has risen all the way to #16 at light-heavyweight with a SILVA score of 63.92. This is despite his UFC 138 loss to Anthony Perosh. While Diabate has had a mildly successful UFC career thus far, this is probably his ceiling as a fighter, given his struggles on the ground.
Because there are really only two things I miss about being with someone.
Thank you for stopping by. Have a wonderful weekend.
The finalists included Loretta, Patsy and Etta, but Billie Holliday won out in the end. This goat just isn’t a country girl. I couldn’t stop smiling the rest of the way home. I had a goat, a water tub, a sack of dairy goat blend and a goat-proof fenced in area. What could go wrong when we got home?
Or: imagine being happily married for 17 years. You have a young daughter, a lovely home and a husband who travels a lot - but you really love each other.
Empathetic like one, and heartless like the other,
Like nuts, an' bolts, and all four shocks
Google switched to a new, impossible-to-decipher word verification system. It stinks. Hence, I've turned off WV for new comments.
There hasn't been much going on Through My Back Door this week as I have not been at the top of my game. Recovery is on the way and the games are beginning. We are heading to Missouri soon for a wedding shower. Then off to the beach for a week. I can't wait to see the beautiful Emerald Coast.
Did you notice the burlap and bird's nests? Be still my heart! Did I mention I love this tree? LOVE. I don't think I can get away with a tree just like this. I have a 7yo to please for now. This will be filed for future years for sure.
to create a perfect shadow
I can’t believe how much happened in 2011 – I finished up my last term of university, travelled to San Francisco with my best friends, received my Iron Ring, went to graduation, did some skiing, had a few months at home, went to Hawaii on a whim, started working for EWB, moved to Ghana(!), moved from the district to regional level here, been challenged on every skill and comfort level and here we are – 2012. 2011 was a year of change, I hope 2012 becomes a year of making it.
Hopes for 2012? I need to catch up on some gems from last year (watching the wonderful Bill Cunningham New York on New Year’s Day was a good start), and get out to foreign films more. I need to turn off the streaming and walk a couple of blocks to the rental place when I find myself without something to watch. And I need to finally grab the boyfriend and sit down with The Ballad of Narayama, which I’m pretty sure we’ve had sitting atop the console in its red envelope for at least two months now.
Bailey and Ashley stayed behind to help Grandpa get started on the chicken coop.
apri-
12/1/2011 – 12/31/2011: -5.06%
The next day as they were leaving Bethany, Jesus was hungry. 13Seeing in the distance a fig tree in leaf, he went to find out if it had any fruit. When he reached it, he found nothing but leaves, because it was not the season for figs. 14Then he said to the tree, “May no one ever eat fruit from you again.” And his disciples heard him say it. **
Song title: Nothing Compares To You
Get ready to enjoy yourselves and feel free to express your feelings, as once the changes come out and you see the benefits you will be ecstatic. Celebrations will be the order of the day, and believe us when we say that we shall organize some memorable events and take part in them. Joy and happiness are getting nearer and will carry you all of the way to Ascension. There are difficult periods still to go through, but nothing will last very long and if it creates new needs we will be on hand to help you. We already work behind the scenes and will be pleased when our activities can be more open. Our priority at present is stopping the warring factions from coming to blows, and we have no doubt that we can prevent any attempts at starting another war. You will be appalled and no doubt angry, when you learn of how many times the dark Ones have tried to start another one in the Middle East. We will not dwell upon such unpleasant things, but you need to know who has worked against you over many, many years, often in the guise of working for you.
The lounge is pretty much your standard living room. It's cozy, you can make yourself at home, there are people around to chat to... and then there's the thing that makes it different. You don't have to lift a finger! I'm not sure if I like being waited on, but I gave in and tried to simply enjoy.
In honor of Valentines I have put together two sets of Love, Valentine or Cupid books for some giveaways this month. I will link this to the applicable Giveaways so you will know when you can pick from these books.
And on that note, I believe I have a bit of friction and chafing to tend to…
When to shoot
I am pleased to introduce you all to this week's Guest Designer, Birgit Johansson - Cards R Fun! Birgit earned this Guest Designer spot for her win in the Tea Room during the Week #100 challenge - 'Candy Hearts'.
Qui already let some of these things happen to her so don’t let them happen to you. . .
But guess what all of this means? It means my girls are big! They get up in the morning, take care of their own bodily functions and get themselves some fruit or yogurt if they are hungry until breakfast is made - all by themselves. I am becoming obsolete. Already.
Softball – 4 inches
Much less fun to read, but certainly a book I won't forget reading is David Patneaude's Epitaph Road http://search.barnesandnoble.com/Epitaph-Road/David-Patneaude/e/9781606840559/?itm=1&USRI=epitaph+road It came to mind as it is Memorial Day and I remember how my breath stuck in my chest the first time I saw all the small white crosses in a Veteran's cemetery. My dad was a WWII vet so talking about the military and the men who died during that war was part of my growing up. Dad was in the South Pacific so he didn't see the mass graves in the concentration camps but that is what I thought of when Patneaude described the mass burial memorial for the thousands of people, mostly men who died from a virus that killed 97 percent of the male population on earth. Imagine being a teenage boy, one of the few males, and the son of one of the women who worked closely with the government and monitoring the small splinter groups of men who choose to live in isolated settlements. Kellen is this 15-year-0ld teenage boy and he is furious that his mother is not going to allow him to spend the summer with his father, a fisherman who docks in a small coastal village on Washington state's coastline. When Kellen and the two new girls who have moved into his group home overhear the adults talking they figure out what is going on. The women in control have decided it is time to deal with the rebellious men and they know just how to do it - not much different than the last time. Now it is a race against time and the authorities as the three teenagers ride out on their bikes to save Kellen's dad.
But he walked away and carried on without worry
The Hunter let his first arrow fly, not even stopping to observe where it went. Already, he was drawing back another shot. He could nearly smell the fear, the confusion, emanating from the bandits now. This was the Hunter’s game, and they were but prey. His second arrow whistled through the air, driving into the next bandit’s skull. The first two shots had killed their targets, and only one bandit remained in the courtyard. The Hunter drew back his third shot and let it fly, but the remaining bandit had seen him. He turned to run towards the Hunter’s location, and the shot went through his shoulder. A sturdy shot, but it was far from lethal. The Hunter quickly snapped off one last arrow into his prey’s chest, watching with satisfaction as his enemy fell lifeless. After one last sweep of the surroundings, ensuring no immediate threats lingered, the Hunter relinquished control, slipping back to the Hunting Grounds to dwell with Hircine.”
More do: So here’s where it would be so cool if I knew how to do different fonts or different colors on my blog, but alas, we’ve discussed this large knowledge gap of mine, so I will just have to make do. This is a lot of do, isn’t it?
HB-3 Organ, Drums, Guitar, 2 Tenor Sax, 2 and 3 Alto Sax, Clarinet, Baritone Sax, 2 Trombones, 3 and 4 Trumpets
BF: But I’m hearing we’re pretty close now.
Also, this is very healthy, with no added sugar or fat. And that's good for my weight loss. I'm following Weight Watchers Points Plus program and have lost over 25 pounds since September 19th. :)
Treat your special Mom to a relaxing package filled with pampering. For only $100, she will get a Maintenance Massage, Maintenance Facial and a Deep Conditioning Treatment (a $175 value).
Ophelia wants what many young women want, to have her own life, a boyfriend and to be rid of her father’s nagging and the petty regulations of the state. Tired of being manipulated by men she decides it’s time to take action. A fresh look at Hamlet using Shakespeare’s lines but ‘not necessarily in the right order’. Featuring most of the deaths and some of the best speeches (abridged) but with a woman at the heart of the story.
dreams … do come true
Howdy, just stopping by to say good day to you. I am starting my rounds and the only thing new here is I have a new girl cat who came here Monday morning. She has settled in nicely. However, she brought fleas with her so I just gave her a treatment. I'll get a treatment too as she head bumps and rubs on me constantly. I'll have to keep covered as much as possible to avoid getting it all over me as well.
15 The Lord God took the man and put him in the Garden of Eden to work it and take care of it.
Anyhoo, I'm sure I'll be making Tom a to-do list very soon that includes taking charge of his health. I do so love a project. :)
In my bathroom. hahaha.
Unfortunately, the rest of my reading for the month was somewhat blah in comparison. River of Smoke, the highly anticipated sequel to Sea of Poppies by Amitav Ghosh, just did not live up to my expectations. Compared to the first book in the trilogy, it seemed lackluster, not nearly as much fun. For book club, I read the young adult dystopian novel Divergent by Veronica Roth, which I thought was a bit too reminiscent of The Hunger Games. (By the way, I also saw The Hunger Games movie, and surprisingly, I thought it was even better than the book, precisely because we don’t have to stay in Katniss’s head the whole time.)
You are beautiful.
Please Honourable Mayor, you would do the nation proud by keeping your staff doing what they should be doing, i.e. keeping the city clean, smelling sweet and beautifully pleasant to the eyes of every tourist.
When Molly McCloskey was a young girl her older brother Mike (by 14 years) started showing symptoms of schizophrenia. Using her mothers old letters and through interviews with her family and Mike's friends, Molly tries to piece together Mike's story.
Code: 9806: Marchtime. Genesis: Code 3 of course ( you can't code a Genesis).
# Glucuronic acid, normally produced by a healthy liver, is a powerful
The only reservation I have with this DVD has to do with its claims about dowsing. I’m no expert in this field but, from what I’ve seen so far, remain unconvinced.
I’m not doing this – happy to pay. ;)
i write this not knowing anything about your health & well being. Your father Ahmed Ali Al Baraami (from Dhofar, Salalah, Oman) has ignored my calls, my texts and my emails. Ive been waiting a month to hear anything about you. This evening i called your fathers mobile on more than 5 occassions, after the first 4 he then turned his mobile phone off so that i could not get through.
Nimon were capable of using a psioninc mind beam to transfer their power and were able to use gravitic distortions, gravitational lensing and phasing energy through an event horizon. The effect was the gift of immortality onto another being.
Ascend to the Parlor, where you’ll find impeccably refinished period furniture, a baby grand piano, and a cocktail, champagne and caviar lounge—just the place for an after-work cocktail or a post-theater bite. The Blue Room is bedecked in original 1910 Firebird ballet costumes won at a Sotheby’s auction, while the Ballroom sparkles in mirrors, crystal chandeliers and moonlight, streaming in from the skylight above.
-knox_Carter
11. Interview at the Faena Hotel (21 Abril 2012)
Replenished .
I’m not saying that one or any of the current GOP candidates fits this bill perfectly, although some come closers than others (*cough*Bachmann*cough*…that will sound better on the podcast)…but these are principles of America vs. those of the what now passes for Europe (although the UK might just pull out and join us in principle, God bless David Cameron). Every time, every election, every level. We are at a cross roads and we cannot afford to choose anything but America.
in the dark
It’s a drawing Addy made to send her Birthday wish out to the world. What she wanted more than anything else for her Birthday was her very own chick. A tiny little black-eyed fuzzball filled with nothing but potential.
Chocolate mint thing
And finally Thursday's lunch. Another success. Since it's still technically summer for another couple of weeks I thought a couple of ice cream cone pb and J sandwiches would be fun with the rolled turkey meat, sliced peach, tomato balloons, gold fish crackers and gummies. Again, nothing was spared. Woo hoo.
1 bidding
Are you going? Why? Why not?
2. In a large pot saucepan over medium heat, melt the butter and olive oil. Add the onions, garlic, salt and pepper. Cook about 7 minutes, stirring occasionally. Add the flour and stir well.
Flavor: This is a full bodied brew and the first flavors are rushed in on that full mouth feeling. After the creamy refreshing sensation the metallic tangs of hop oils rush forward closely followed by a bitter-sweet sensation. The second visit finds light citric flavors and a slight chalk dry sensation. The third sip showed the smoother path where the flavors of sharp citric and bitter-sweet find a détente.
- Not biting my nails - yes or no
I honestly think this age limit is ridiculous and I have never hear of it before but they are basically putting an age on Beauty. I mean who says 40 year old women for example who is fit, healthy, takes care of herself and is beautiful should not be allowed entered into a Beauty Competition? and this girl is only 25! I personally feel like beauty pageants send out the wrong message to women and young girls. Don’t get me wrong, the women who compete are intelligent and have amazing causes they advocate for…but why don’t they air THAT on television? What I see when I watch these competitions are tall, very thin, stunning women, flaunting their stuff in different outfits. And that’s it. I think, “We get it, they’re gorgeous–but I thought they were here to talk about national and world issues?”. We only see them give one answer to one question. And that’s it. In MY opinion, beauty pageants send out the wrong message. Judges normally pick the winners with the “most perfect body and face”, and I don’t think that’s fair.
I need to make a list of things to do before I go. Some are non-running, like paying bills and house tasks (and um, work stuff!). But here's some of the race and trip related things on my list...
Won’t someone please just come and make things not matter?
The salad sandwich is probably a little expensive for what it is: cheese, tomato, onion, carrot, lettuce and cucumber on a bread roll, especially given that you can order a chicken sandwich for the same price.
I had an editor tell me in his acceptance letter that my title was what initially piqued his interest in the story. He hadn't read a word of the story yet and already, I had him hooked. That story was published last year--the editor did not change the title.
… why are you the one person on this stage most likely to beat President Obama?
Please excuse the self potraits. Whenever I get the idea to take a picture I'm usually home alone with the kidlets.
Marie Pavie
Oh.my.goodness.
UPDATE 10-July-2011: This milonga has been CANCELLED until further notice due to the venue being refurbished.
While we wait to see who will win the Picture Book Cover Letter Contest, I feel that we can go ahead and move into the marketing portion of the book proposal. From here on out the rest of your book proposal is dedicated not to your actual writing itself, but how to ensure that others are made aware that your written word is out there to be read.
51 - Maggie
But I digress. In the movie, Nancy Kelly plays a devoted housewife who in one scene rolls out the cocktail cart and starts serving the guests. Her outfits in the movie weren't really anything like this one (as I recall they were far more plain and utilitarian), but since this dress has a 50's feel to it, particularly with the apron, I started having my cocktail cart daydream again and thought of the movie.
I hope you will come visit me, as a few friendly faces are always nice when you are starting something new!
Simple Save And Share Button Codes For Blogger Or Blogspot. Add This Share Buttons To Your Blog Easily. It's Clean And Basic; Just Copy And Paste. There Are Popular Social Media Bookmarking, Social Networking And Blogging Site's Buttons; Twitter, Facebook, Digg, Del.icio.us, Reddit, Linkedin, Blogger, Stumble Upon, Friend Feed, MySpace, Yahoo Buzz, Pinterest, Google Bookmarks And Google Plus. You Can Customize Buttons; Delete Lines And Keep What You Want Or Reorder As You Want.
“My main memory,” Matt told me, “was his ability to talk non-stop for hours. “There was no ‘off’ button. I remember my mum telling me how my parents had had a huge housewarming party in the 1970s and Frank was last person to sleep at night sitting in an armchair, still muttering away, and the first person up in the morning, at full-power over breakfast.
Some softcover novels offer entertainment and insight. The Mermaid Garden by Santa Montefiore ($16.00, Simon and Shuster) is now in softcover. It is a complex and compelling story that spans four decades in the lives of its characters, set in Tuscany and on the coast of Devon, England that begins when a young girl spies on a beautiful palazzo from beyond its iron gate. Abandoned by her mother and left in poverty by her alcoholic father, ten year old Floriana finds La Magdalena a perfect place to escape into daydreams. One day she is spotted by Dante, the son of the villa’s wealthy owner. He invites her inside and shows her the villa’s enchanting Mermaid Garden. They become friends and Floriana becomes convinced that her destiny in that garden with him. The story moves to a charming old hotel by the sea that has fallen on hard times. When a charming, handsome Argentine artist, the lives of the owner and her family. Another story takes you to Japan. The Briefcase by Hiromi Kawakami traces the story of Tsukiko who happens to meet a former high school sensei (teacher) in a local bar. Their relationship develops from a perfunctory acknowledgement of each other as they eat and drink alone at the bar into an enjoyable sense of companionship, and finally into a deeply sentimental love affair. Memoirs of a Porcupine by UCLA professor Alain Mabanckou is set in Africa ($15.95, Soft Skull Press) and is an example of magical realism based on an African legend that says all human beings have an animal double! Some are benign while others are wicked. When Kibandi at age ten is initiated into this world, he fuses with an animal and, from then on, he and his porcupine double become accomplices in nefarious adventures.
Me: OK...Time to write that love scene between Robert and Ariana...
Read this book if you desire your Easter and your Christmas to be filled with more of Jesus. Or if you desire your ‘especially’ days and your ‘everydays’ to point straighter and clearer to our True Heirloom.
2 3/4 cups all-purpose flour
Having started out as a journalist, Erzsi has been part of the SCBWI scene for many years, starting the French chapter in 1995 and going on to run the international arm of SCBWI for nearly ten years. She founded and organized the SCBWI Bologna Conference and currently edits the SCBWI Bulletin international page, “Here, There & Everywhere”. She is a published author, and writes regularly for the Children’s Writers & Illustrators’ Market. In 2009 she began working with the La Martinière Groupe in France and acquired approximately 40 titles for two of their imprints.
Lady Beatrix is finally found out and her lies about Rowena are exposed. Retribution is swift and severe.
Gently beat the eggs, and add them and the buttermilk to the mixture, as well as the drained raisins and caraway seeds.
He especially loved the mud holes that were camoflaged with leaves. You know *gallop, gallop, gallop, splosh, slip, slide = underbelly full of mud and leaves! Then the stiff legg walk trying to get the crackling leaves and sticking mud off of him.
It was finally time for the first session of the new playgroup I'd been asked to run! I had the cookies ready, the play dough made, the leaves collected for the autumn themed craft. Heaps of people had "expressed their interest" to the Centre staff. I'd signed the key out from the officious desk lady and we were all set.
Floral wire (tooth picks or skewers would work as well)
No matter, she thought. We die, we die as a free people! Never to be slaves to anyone else’s whims!
I got in around 10AM, and left around 12:15PM or so.
I'm told all the fucking time that I look like Katy Perry, so I decided to go for it and sing a Katy Perry song. "Ur So Gay" is probably considered anti-love, right? To check out my drunk 5 AM singing, go to Lara's blog, cLARAfications, which is also one of the funniest blogs I've ever read in my entire life. Her blog makes me giggle at my desk, and she also sends me youtube videos of adorable puppies that make my ovaries cut the brakes in a convertible, drive off the side of a bridge, and die in a fiery explosion. That bitch.
Here is a close up of the sweet little signage I added to the farm and below is a close up of the tree I added complete with a little bird :)
The high-profile 2011 demo was Lancashire Police’s biggest ever operation, but passed off without major incident.
Bachmann: I also refused to pay the bills
Yield: 4 dozen
Even as darkness pulls us quickly below
And I'm thoroughly creeped out for some reason.
Jenni Avins owns a red fox vest. It is simple, warm and, to many, hideously ugly for what it represents.
7. Hark, The Herald Angels Sing by The Vince Guaraldi Trio
06 You Said Something
It's Gasparilla time in Tampa Bay.
My therapist said she has seen so many couples at this stage. She said he has heard his wake-up call, and now we have to see what happens. She said some people choose to leave when given the call. He did not, he is begging forgiveness. She said some people really do change after they get the call, that they really were sleep-walking through life. She said some people try for a few weeks and return to all the comfortable bad habits. She said I need to be the “Show Me State”. I laughed at that. But it is true. Show me don’t tell me.
The rabbit looked around. "This place isn’t for you, but I will be late sooner than later," the rabbit said. "Would you like to come with me?" It hopped away.
A detour was taken down Ninth to Top-Ten Wines. Out came the Goose Island Nightstalker, He'Brew "13", and ping-pong table as this haven for the wine-obsessed was invaded by a bunch of beer nerds.
I see you have no friends yet. But you do have all these books, and chocolate. And that is what life is about.
Nationalism says that our most basic form of political order is advanced tribalism: people are united by culture, heritage, language, customs, values and descent from ancestors not political ideology, like “capitalist democracy” versus “socialist authoritarianism,” Rule of Law (which they are suspending to cope with problems of immigration).
Family members and long-time readers of this blog will know that several of our girls have desperately wanted to have a pet. So desperately that, at different times, they have resorted to catching all kinds of bugs, small reptiles and, most recently, tadpoles. (The tadpoles turned into cane toads and had to be humanely euthanized.)
Do Koreans know what Open Mic is? The certainly have coffee shops. All over the place. Often three or four on each corner. It's crazy! But they love their coffee as much as Americans do on this continent.
Barry Larkin 2008 Donruss Threads Century Collection Materials jersey: Greg offered me three Barry Larkin jerseys and I jumped at the chance to get all three, especially considering my only other hit of him was this Private Stock jersey. Of the three, the oldest is actually my favorite because the SP Game Used version features a great pinstripe down the middle plus an excellent shot of an outstanding fielder plying his trade. My second favorite of the trio was the '08 Threads with its striking red jersey swatch (again, single color done RIGHT) and serial numbering--046/100. The fact that the Jersey Heights card was my least favorite proves just how great all three really are. Having quadrupled my Larkin collection, I'm now motivated to pursue more stuff of the Michigan legend, including, hopefully, an autograph as soon as possible.
The second scene finds the Man once again with his hands around the Woman from the City’s throat. He now believes his Wife is dead, and the Woman, believing that he murdered her as planned, had happened upon him joyously. Like the monster he is, he chooses to destroy her to bury his guilt. And perhaps it will occur to you, as he throttles her, that the Woman indeed loves the man entirely. She endured his violence at least once already; she pursued him even as his finances diminished; pleaded with him to return to the city with her, even though she’d surely have supported him there. Is this handsome country boy her fantasy? Her dream of happiness? The one trying to kill her now? For the Woman, I have a shred of pity. For the Man, I have none.
Stoke are linked Birmingham City’s 36-year-old stopper MAIK TAYLOR according to both The Daily Mirror and The Sun, Stoke hope to exploit out-of-contract Taylor’s dissatisfaction with the new two-year deal he has been offered.
‘For who has known the mind of the Lord,
One reason I wanted to share this with you today is because of how it inspired my WIP. The main character's family in my story is part of an underground group that hides outlawed books so they won't be destroyed (we're talking Dystopian fiction here. Trite but true). When I began writing the opening scene I needed a brilliant place for the exiled family to hide their books, and after seeing the photos from this bookstore with the juxtaposition of gothic arches and modern books it led me to my solution.
Then my special events class is pretty crazy too. we are two weeks away from the event and my teacher is mad that we ran into some problems with the venue so late… she wanted us to visit the venue during the first few weeks and people in my group kept saying they were going to and then never did. so we decided to go during class time one day and we ran into some problems. so now we are all stressed that we have extra things to figure out… and there are only two weeks left!
Here are some examples of the different investment options available:
In other news, our little Ebi is doing much better. She was very despondent and wasn't eating and we took her to the vet. The moment she got out of the carrier she was lively and purring! The vet had a problem getting her vitals because she was purring too loudly! David and I both looked at each other in disbelief. She's been doing great since and has special food and medicine as well. Happy to have our little kittenypoo almost back to normal!! Thanks for all your sweet comments and well wishes.
I recently got the chance to talk to Sharon Morris about his role in ‘The Hunger Games’. Here, Sharon talks about how she got involved in the project and what it was like working with the cast and crew on-set…
An online facility, http://www.hellopeter.com/, were people can report good or bad service from any supplier, has received numerous complaints directed at e-TV. The complaints relate not only to the sleazy porno commercials, but also to outdated movies, World Wrestling Entertainment (WWE), Gametime, and inaccurate news reporting. As far as I can see, it does not seem as if e-TV has ever responded to one single complaint.
Sir Lord Baltimore- Hell Hound (Kingdom Come LP- 1970)
Appeals supported
“No. We’re not lucky to have lost a whole family to a monster, Kesta. We’re not lucky it was just one family. Luck would be living somewhere there aren’t monsters like that to deal with. This wasn’t luck, it was ill fortune. Perhaps not as ill as another I could name, but much worse than nothing happening.”
Can it be Wednesday already? This past week has been a blur…got back from Arlington, TX late Saturday and have been trying to get rested up ever since.
As Christians, we have so much to rejoice about, and we shouldn't keep it to ourselves.
print image because I was pretty sure I wasn't going to use
This post will continue the discussion of how to know whether the source you are communicating with is a reliable one. In this case, I was given a concept that has proven to be so useful that I want to throw it in now and give you a chance to play with it, rather than waiting to include it in a longer chapter.
Kiehl, an old world apothecary. Developed in 1851 in New York as Brunswick Apotheke, then in 1894 John Kiehl an apprentice purchases the Apotheke and renames it Kiehl Pharmacy.
It reminded me of the churches I visited
Everything Under the Sun features 5 shades that can be swirled together to make the ultimate drugstore bronzer. The brown tones in this bronzer dominate more than you would think. The shades are slim, so it's hard to concentrate your brush on the bottom peach shade to lighten this up. I've worn it a few times now trying to see if the color would go differently on me, and it doesn't... no matter what I do. I am NW25 in MAC, so I would say if you're lighter than me, this might not be the bronzer for you. If you think it's perfect for your skin tone, then definitely pick it up. It's GORGEOUS on, though a tad shimmery, it's not offensive and will look beautiful with your bronzed makeup glow. I had no issue with contouring this and then blending up to my cheekbones. Lots of pigment love (so go easy).
The dragon (who has 1 hp) says “Your reward is to live another day” takes off. They get an Attack of opportunity! Rolls a 23, AC is 22 hits! KILLS THE MO-FO’ing dragon!!!!!! Award 21,000 experience points! (Plus all the undead) I rule them immediately advance one morre level to 1 xp above 3rd and call it a night.
go without
The benefits and impacts have been interesting. We observed a bonding between our families. On Saturdays when we host the cooking class, we also have a reading class for our moms. After the reading class, our youngsters serve their moms whatever they prepared that day. The moms love it and the kids feel good about themselves. With this class, more of our fathers come in to pick up their youngsters and sit at the table for lunch to eat with their children.
The Cuyahoga River runs like a long, twisting snake, splitting Cleveland in two. Atop the bluff on the Western Side of the river sits the once dilapidated but now historic neighborhood of Tremont. Tremont is sandwiched between the river and a very decayed and slightly scary section of Ohio City, another once dilapidated but now historic district in Cleveland. I had heard when I moved here that at one time Tremont was a delightful neighborhood of working class individuals that had gone to wrack and ruin. The one person I knew who lived in the area for a short time did nothing to make me think I wanted to venture into that area.
On days you feel you want to give in try to draw on your inspiration and passions. Close your eyes and imagine a muse standing behind you . What can you do? What do you like to do? What are your passions? Focus on them , then on what you are inspired to do. It might be a coloring book, art, crafts, music, dancing, sports, walking the dog, and more. There are so many things people love and have passions for. Where does your inspiration come from? Where can it take you in your recovery and healing? What can your passions do to help?
First up I asked the staff for the hoppiest beer on tap which was a brew by Hopdog Beerworks: The Pale. I was kindly advised to try a sample out first as it I was informed a hop monster of a beer and it was! Massive hop hit,bitter and palate destroying!-I like it! Definitely a PROPER pale ale! I was planning on trying out a few that night so I moved on to the recommendation of the great bar staff and tried out a pint of the Rocks Brewery Co's The Hangman Pale Ale
Instead, notice that qualities that make them beautiful.
“The Mumbai Indians!” The Pune Warriors were never in the race. “I don’t want to seem biased, but I’m a thoroughbred Mumbai man. I’m a huge fan of Sachin Tendulkar and the team looks better than ever this season. We’ve been unlucky in the past but I’ve got a really good feeling about this season,” says Sachiin.
LLC isn’t quite at the paint brush stage yet so we tried our hand at some finger painting. I bought some child friendly paint pots at the Early Learning Centre and decanted the paint on some plastic coasters for LLC’s easy access. A little ghetto, but the first time we tried this I let her dip straight from the pots and she kept wanting to take more and more out. Next time, we’ll use our newly purchased plastic palette from Amazon and I’ll probably thin the paint a little too with water.
Positive Bradford – A collective of businesses, artists, web-aficionados and everyday lovers of Bradford who want to showcase and show off Bradford’s best. Their motto, “We know the real Bradford and we are proud of it,” resonates with those of us who love this city and want it to thrive. They organised 2011’s hugely successful Positive Bradford Day, and I’m sure 2012’s PDD will be even better.
Goodness me, how misery doubles,
Mercado Buenos Aires
“Then no-one believed that there could be a South Africa without apartheid, but now, it’s like history, a memory of the past.”
stands ready-saddled
OK, enough of that.
Now I just need to get Philip to move those old doors...
Their diagnosis was surprisingly similar to the one accepted by stress researchers: Life delivers stress in very complicated ways and is inescapable. Memory stores deep impressions, and the body responds to these memories as strongly as it does to the original stressor. We can easily insert “karma” in the slots where the word “stress” appears. But here the world’s wisdom traditions sharply diverge from modern medicine by saying flatly that suffering is inescapable as long as karma exists.
One voice is notably absent from the debate about whether Banksy's work is art, and that's Banksy's. He really doesn't seem to care. In the same way, Michael Rosen's response to people who think he doesn't write proper poetry is, well, don't call it poetry, then. Call it "bits" or "stuff". And Terry Pratchett, awarded an OBE for services to literature, commented, "I suspect the services to literature consisted of refraining from trying to write any". I love that attitude. These are people who know what they're good at, and who do it, and do it well, without worrying about which labels properly attach to their work.
To further our mission, the Get With The Guidelines® quality improvement program helps hospitals treat patients according to the most up-to-date scientific guidelines established by the American Heart Association and American Stroke Association.
The anime fan world is in an uproar over the recent news that the Bleach anime may be ending on March 27, 2012. Being one month from today, that means there is only a handful of episodes left to air.
I read it in one long gulp - just over two hours - unable to stop. Yes, Lindy's situation is terrible and getting worse by the minute, since cousin Colin now has her delivering packets of cocaine. Her parents seem quite catatonic since the death of the baby and Lindy doesn't have proper food or clothes. She feels desperately trapped and doomed to follow her brothers into custody.
The Marcona almond is recognizably different from other almond cultivars. It's short, round and relatively sweet. Although it's origin is unknown, it has been grown in Spain a very long time. You will probably find them here in the United States, lightly tossed in sunflower oil and salt and it made the perfect accompaniment to the lemon chips I love so much from King Arthur Catalogue in this cookie I created today.
(Community displays 7:15 – 7:30 p.m.)
The Religious Jews Lurking Behind the World’s Most Wicked Cults, Churches, Religions, and Secret Societies
*This post (hopefully) will stay at the top until 21st March...please scroll down for newer posts...thankyou*
Here are some fun spring looks from Gap:
Lee Gak walks them through what happened the night the princess died. The couple talked about usual stuff as he asked for liquor to be served – just like any other night. Bu Yong dropped by that night to give an answer to his riddle – which was correct. He had a drink and slept after Bu Yong’s visit. When he woke up, the princess was gone.
Sleeve: 26 inches
Details of the giveaway prize : Stickers
(by linking up here you're giving me permission to use photos from your linked post on my blog)
Jailbroken iPad three simply hours after the launch of the third era introduced the iPad iPhone Dev group.
How to Enter...
No employer has the right to control another human being’s body like this, to take away a teacher’s wages, her job, because she was treated for a medical condition.
Well, tough. You're getting a conclusion instead. Seeing Redd was a good, if a little slow book, and the characters were interesting and well fleshed-out, if a little irritation, but finding something that doesn't irritate me is a job that ... someone who is very good at stuff would have a hard time with. Shakespeare would be envious of the writing style, despite the fact that the only prose in his plays were the stage directions and I, like normal, have no idea about what I am rambling on about. So yes, I would recommend this book. And you will be pleased to know that since the beginning of this review, I have figured out what this book was missing. Something that would have brought it's magical writing to life. Pictures. I'll just let you decipher this one on your own.
I am a little excited!
So let’s set aside the circumstantial evidence that Jared Loughner was far more leftwing than he was rightwing. Let’s set aside the fact that he was a devotee of The Communist Manifesto. Let’s put aside the fact that “A classmate of the man accused of shooting Congresswoman Gabrielle Giffords this morning describes him as ‘left wing’ and a pot head.’” Let’s put aside the fact that Loughner never listened to conservative talk radio, surfed conservative sights, or read conservative writers like Mark Levin. Let’s even put aside the fact that Jared Loughner loved far-left conspiracy theory documentaries such as “Zeitgeist” and “Loose Change”. In the words of a friend:
He described Goering as sharp, friendly and witty, even cracking a joke when Foster asked him when Germany began manufacturing jets.
So if Mutual Funds only grow by 10%, on the surface ETF’s seem the winner, they grew 30% in the last year. In dollar terms, the MF 10%, is 81,300,000,000, more than the entire value of ETF’s in Canada.
Let the bread cool in the pan for 15 minutes and remove, slice and serve! This bread is awesome warm right out of the oven or toasted the next day. I will definitely be making this again, instead of basil I might mix in some pesto instead since I think it would add some added depth of flavor.
our liveš worth fighting for
“About 11pm he said he needed to go to bed to get plenty of sleep.
I pulled Sheri to the hopefully secure spot of a brick utility building whose door one of the naval officers had kicked open. I turned around just in time to see what appeared to be a large missile impacted on the ship. After the explosion, it tried to fly away but this time there was visible damage and smoke coming from it. A primal scream of victory came from everyone until we noticed the damaged craft was drifting our way. The surviving fighters continued to pound until the craft crash-landed into a collection of businesses about a hundred yards away.
Please join us for the next 76th Precinct Community Council Meeting tomorrow, Tuesday, May 1, 2012, at 7:30 PM, at the 76th Precinct Station House, located at 191 Union Street, between Hicks Street and Henry Street. Meet the new Commanding Officer of the 76th Precinct, Captain Schiff, bring any neighborhood concerns, or simply attend to gain valuable information on Crime Prevention, Traffic Safety,Counter-Terrorism, Identity Theft Prevention and various other Police/Community initiatives.
I'm giving away veg all the time. A bag of spuds, some beans, whatever is going spare. I love giving veg away, or little bunches of gorgeous flowers. Small pleasures.
He'd left me in the bedroom with Serge in the bathroom - and, trust me, he knew what was about to happen.
Because that was exactly what the cashier at the Piggly Wiggly had called the woman who now sat across from Izzy. When Izzy’s mom had acted like she didn’t hear him, the cashier had said it again.
1 highest
The Realtor put the SOLD sign up in the front yard yesterday. With the freshly mowed lawn, it is a nice looking yard ornament! Beginning with breakfast at Panera, I spent the whole day in a state of euphoria. I laughed until my sides hurt as Ornery and I sat at the scrapbook garage sale. I don't even remember what he said that got me going, but I can't remember the last time I belly laughed so long and hard. He is a good best friend.
12 Harold The Barrel (Mix #2) (Sounds Of The Seventies, 09 January 1972)
Every day, at least tour times a day, customers come in with questions about electric scooters. The main thing that people are concerned with is how many watts the scooter is. As a scooter shop retailer and service center, I’m here to educate you that it’s not all in the watts. There are things to consider when looking at buying an electric powered scooter.
Now that I am divorced and on my own, I’ve decided that my “when the kids are grown up and gone” travel plans shouldn’t be put to rest. When married, I wanted to do a “lighthouse tour,” starting in Nova Scotia, traveling along the eastern seaboard all the way to Key West, Florida. But, that was before my husband started driving like Mr. Magoo on crack. I didn’t particularly want to die. http://dyingbraincells.wordpress.com/2010/07/22/mr-magoo-on-crack/
make me think, "Oh beautiful!"
If any of you bust any of this year's BTP and have any Mask cards for me, let me know and we'll work something out.
Catherine de Médicis died in 1589, but the tower has survived long after her. Ruggieri continued with his work in his room, but made many enemies in the church and the court. When he died in 1615 he was refused a decent burial, and instead his body was dragged through the streets of the city and left on the wayside. Is it surely for this reason that there have often been reported sightings of a dark figure at the top of this column on stormy nights.
It was quite impressive! The chain was heavy enough to bog the car down in some of the sandier spots. When we got going 30 mph or so it would dig into the surface and disappear three or more inches under the sand. Corners were tough towing 200' of chain but Jack managed well and we only took out a few acres of brush, but no cactus were damaged. And the results were beautiful. The chain was shiny when we were done and it was tempting just to toss it back on the boat. But off we went to Castores, the local trucking company and they put it on a pallet and whisked it away promising it would be in Mexicali (almost a thousand miles away) in two days. Well nine days later I was getting worried but last night we had confirmation that our chain had just arrived in Mexicali at the Galvanization plant. Now lets hope it makes it back.
I forget I am the only one who can give myself the whole satisfaction of living.
- Dinner on the evening of Christmas
R 2: * Ch 5, sc in next sc, ch 12, sc in next sc *. Repeat from * to * around, ending last ch 12 with sl st to base of first ch 5.
So, we hope this letter finds everyone doing AMAZING and well. We ask PLEASE if you can please pray for our little boy, MATTHEW that his seizures resolve and he has them NO MORE. I am so sad for him because now with all these meds, he is not the same little boy…he is really tired all the time and GRUMPY!! GOD WILLING these seizure meds GO AWAY!!!
Lover Unleashed by JR. Ward
It was the only class in high school I liked. That’s true, but seriously, I’m an artist and competitor at heart. Acting is a mixture of both. There is no art form more exhilarating than becoming someone else. The intensity, the natural high, and rush you get from acting, you can’t get it anywhere else.
I'm a bit out of practise, too. I went through a few very lean years where my monthly expendable income was about £15 and one trip to Primark to buy black socks pretty much blew the budget. Then, working from home, the allure of magical new outfits to take the sting from the work day was no longer necessary. I was more concerned with fuzzy warm socks than swanky shoes.
Ok friends, there you have it. I'll keep this up for another week or two (if I remember!), and then you guys can let me know if you like it, or if it's a waste of blog space!
Choose, not mope around
It wasn't my birthday. It wasn't National Potato Day. It was an ordinary day, with a gift given just because the friend knew I needed it. This is the moment that I realized we must learn to receive gracefully.
So we trussed little Lumpy up in his badger suit, slung him in his sling, and took him to a muddy field where people were setting things on fire. We ate some hog in a bun, with lashings of crackling (mmmm, delicious crispy pig skin. Can't beat it.) Mr Badger viciously refused to enter Lumpy in the children's fancy dress competition, despite the fact that he would clearly have won. C'mon! It's a baby! Dressed as a zebra badger! What says Halloween better than that? He'd have crapped all over those witches and pumpkins (probably literally).
I was extremely skeptical reading a book that was told through stuff. At first glance, I thought there was no way that the book would be coherent and would only work for higher thinkers/readers. This book was actually pretty cool.
"You should only be able to
Two haiku about: order.
Another relatively modest start to the week – just 4.53 miles – but my mind has been, admittedly, elsewhere because of yesterday’s unfortunate events during the 11-miler. I have just two weeks to, somehow, re-align, my gastrointestinal issues so I can happily and succesfully do the Flying Pig with my wife and our friend who is flying in from England.
Due to lack of internet connectivity and to 1.5 weeks of holidays, I will stop posting till first week of November.
Stray Dog and the Chocolate Shake
The clampdown will benefit Wantitall, a local website that thrives on Amazon's wariness. Wantitall collates orders for all type of goods and orders them from Amazon, but has them delivered to a warehouse in the US. They are then repacked and sent in bulk via courier to SA.
His parents probably spent a lot of time raising a son who, like me, knew the difference between right and wrong and that each action carries a consequence, good or bad. His actions carry a consequence for them all, especially his mother who has now come under fire for not paying out her son’s debt because she is a politician and must have money.
My source for this information, an agent at a well-known agency, told me that when she contacted the third-party service that is handling the extension requests, she was told that she wasn't the first agent to call with concerns about the expanded language. She and the author have decided to deny the extension.
The term "nazirite" is derived from a Hebrew word, "nazir" meaning "consecrated" or "separated" and is unrelated to "Nazareth" despite the similar sound and appearance in English. However, it may be that Matthew is referring to the Nazirite Vow when he says, And he went and lived in a city called Nazareth, that what was spoken by the prophets might be fulfilled: “He shall be called a Nazarene." Jesus, though obviously holy from birth, did not follow the Nazirite stricture against wine, but He was certainly a "keeper of the Way". There is, however, the possibility that there was an existing Nazirite or "Nazirene" sect among the Jews or the Essenes that somehow, correctly or not, was associated with the early Christians, as, in Acts 24, Paul is accused of being "a ringleader of the sect of the Nazarenes".
Behind the propaganda about the state’s war against Maoists, and obscured by it at times, lies the reality of India’s central belt where the robber barons of global capital dictate the terms.
Tall-guy is there with Dink. A younger hiker with the Husky – mentioned in the last post – is there. A young couple has pitched a tent on the other side of the bear cables. Eventually, heavy-pack guy shows up and drops his pack. It will be a lively evening of conversational entertainment.
The organization, the quality of the speakers, the commitment of the attendees, were all superb. What really impresses me is not just the annual conference itself but the entire academic program of which it is a part.
While there is no single solution to the challenges antenna designers face, there are some technologies that can help. In future posts, we will discuss some of these technologies and explain how they can improve the situation. The good news is that small improvements in antenna technology can improve phone reception and throughput speeds, improve user perception of network performance and reduce infrastructure costs for wireless carriers at the same time.
1/2 teaspoon (2 grams) baking soda
and if you are too tall or not paying close enough attention,
I’m recovering, slowly.
Please note: the chilled method isn't quite as effective as heating, but it does work surprisingly well all things considered!
Please do not copy and/or reproduce the same without express written permission from the photographer. Thank you kindly!
After I’d been there about 90 minutes, the recreational therapist, the pet therapist and I went back to the therapist’s office. She had only observed my class, which I’ll write about in another post, but her breathing was different. She said “we could all learn to breathe better, no one seems to know how to breathe correctly.” I know she knows she’s not breathing deeply enough. It must bother her, and at some level, she wants to change it, but she’s not sure how yet, it seems a huge task. But her face was different, more relaxed, a bit more alive. She asked if I wanted to come back again, and I said of course. We scheduled a date in July.
2. Elite status
onion
I suspect Polanski (who co-adapted the stage script and is therefore partly to blame) may have been attracted by the chance to show he can keep an audience’s attention in a single location as Alfred Hitchcock successfully did in Rear Window and Dial M For Murder or Oliver Stone did in Talk Radio.
1. Thank Heaven that there are so many looking after me, both visible and invisible.
Oh, and one more thing - the sweet baby I mentioned a few months ago went home about two weeks ago! She's made so much progress! I'm so thankful for miracles - big and small!
“Paul is a bright student and overall genuine individual,” Almousily said. “The NSLI-Y scholarship will assist him in achieving his ambitious professional goals and learning the Arabic language and culture. I look forward to seeing what the future holds for him.”
body statue
I support this decision, and feel it is the best move to make in order to keep the public calm as this event finally comes to pass.
We are looking for anything mini for this challenge, so a card, tag, mini book, 6x6 scrapbook LO or similar. The girls on the DT were each given a mini kit to have a play with and this is what they came up with:
Whilst fully approving the decision to refuse the registration, the reasons therefore are fairly interesting to read. The pertinent case-law says that the trademark registration should be refused if the trademark is suitable for offending the sense of morality of a considerable part of the public. The senate argues that the public perception does not depend on the perception of the majority in a calculatory sense. Rather, the act of registering the trademark would increase the fraction of the public feeling disturbed by the trademark.
Jeffrey and Richard and Charles and Gary…
As a regular routine in air travel, the security staff brought you over to the scanning machine and made you empty out your belonging into those grey trays. Nothing unusual going on here. It’s not fun to have to dump your stuff into those gross bins – but hey, the security of the nation depends on it.
xx Thankyou xx
And he’s got previous as well.
How many kids shop at once? We usually allow 3-4 kids to shop at once. In the beginning of the year they need help with counting their money and actually buying things. While some shop I either have my kids doing some sort of seat work, watching a movie during rest time, or doing a free choice.
*”I need to store up as much of you as possible.”
And this card was created using the "Palm Beach" collection by Webster's Pages. I simply cannot wait for summer! We're having temps in the 70s here next week and I am so excited for warm weather. Not that I can really complain...this was one of the most mild winters we have ever had!
I see that she is looking at me. I know those eyes. I can read in them that, the visions I saw, she remembered them too. I can also see a determination. And she walks up to me.
In detail the front wing sports a new profile and revised endplates. The leading edge forms a fairly flat profile and then lifts into an arc to meet the endplate. In a similar way that Red Bulls wing meets the FIA central section at 90-degrees. As such it aims to achieve the same function to create a strong vortex, in Saubers case to carry airflow out around the front tyre.
I admit it. I am a trickster.
Moondance stats:
So basically the woman in question has got away with a slap on the wrists and can go on with her daily life while the family of the man in question are left with a stinking apology and are no doubt, along with other relatives of Kirknowe residents, left wondering ‘what else has been going on?’.
4 sprigs thyme
So I have been thinking, WHAT is MY word going to be? I mentally went through my list of resolutions that I once again NEED to work on. The usual never ending list that I can't seem to get on top of. I tried to come up with a word that could cover ALL of that list. Self Control was certainly up at the top. Patience. Grace.
Maybe she should just get some Junior Mints and no matter what the outcome, the night will be awesome because of the chocolate. ;)
They’re just slightly older.
This issue gets me fired up because it should get all of us fired up. We get so hot under the collar about parents chelating, HBOTing, nicotine patching, etc, but we don't spare any outrage for the idea that nonverbal (and sometimes VERBAL) autistic individuals are taken advantage of and words, ideas, thoughts, feelings, accusations are put into their mouths that are not theirs. This doesn't make us scream out in outrage?
Round 7-8: 1 HDC in each ST around. (60 HDC)
So, I now realize that I have been updating my Facebook status over this blog- oopsie. The last I posted about Baylor was that they were not going to be able to accept Ethan's insurance. Well, I was literally looking up Baylor administration contacts when I got the call from the Program Director that they COULD accept Ethan's insurance! Phew, what a roller coaster!
It’s been 12 years since I last went there – I’m not quite sure where time has flown. I must say I am looking forward to it – meeting family and getting reacquainted with old friends. We have a lot planned. The day after we land, we will be driving down to Mombasa and then a few days later safari in Tsavo, back to Nairobi for the weekend and then drive up to Samburu for 4 days of safari luxury at the superb Sasaab.
Please leave a comment - love to hear from you!! Come and play along these sketches are always fun :)
The other day, Ryan left the office door open while he was working on the computer. A few moments later I realized how quiet it was and went to find out what the dogs were up to. We found Dax chewing on a stuffed animal that was within his reach from the office. This stuffed bear came from Aeropostale as one of their "free" gifts for spending so much in one shopping trip. At first, I took it away from him, but then I thought I have no purpose for it. Dax was whining and whining when I took it away so I just gave it back to him. He LOVES LOVES this stuffed bear. To the point where it's kinda ridiculous. He takes it everywhere with him and won't share with Zoey... We've even caught him humping the stupid thing. Dax has a new best friend.
Last week the New York Post’s Page Six reported that “fashion legend” Scaasi planned to wed his lover of 50 years, “publishing insider Parker Ladd.”
Visits to the toy store were regular and comforting with each of my children, the boys more so than Annie, as she preferred movies and parks. The first few visits to the toy store with the boys were a joy for me to experience; a small child, surrounded by a virtual cavern of shapes, and colors, and sizes, and textures. The tentative first few steps to approach the things that caught their eyes and their hearts, starting out quickly, then slowing on approach to seemingly savor the last few moments before they got to touch. The plaintive looks back at me, hoping to see the welcoming and reassuring smile that they always received in return, with a soft "Go ahead, babe, it's okay." And finally, little fingers, reaching, then touching, then grasping, then moving the toys around in ways not invented until that very moment. And of course, the smiles, and the giggles, and the visible relaxation of a body and mind in perfect concert in pursuit of pleasure. And I would stand there, and listen, and watch, and support, all the while thinking to myself the same soothing thought: "parenting is the most perfect job in the whole world."
because he did not have a place in the inn.
I so wanted his letter to be all about me. For years I read his words and interpreted them as a promise that God would work everything out. Or that I'd eventually have my way. Or that things would at least make sense some day.
Christ our Passover has been sacrificed for us; *
Just about anywhere
with tours in Czech. That’s quite ok
Read a book.
Or lie? Life’s lovely and I love the world today!
Twenty minutes later Jacobs stood outside Greer apartment with a Styrofoam cup of chicken noodle soup and saltines. Clutching the brown bag to his chest he pressed the black square just under the peephole and listened for the barely audible chime. Unsure if he heard it and doubtful that Greer had heard it he fisted his hand and briskly knocked. Cocking his head he listened expectantly.
adapted from Saveur, serves 4 – 6
Mutassim, who was also killed, was leading the battles in Sirte, while Saif, who is currently on the run, never set foot there and, from August 27, sought haven in Bani Walid, another pro-Gaddafi bastion that fell just before Sirte.
I call “Easing my zephyr open”.
than a disappointment
I never received any specific, prosaic direction about the phrasing, nothing like “this phrase ends here,” but I had plenty to chew on. The next evening, when I played the same piece, things fell into place in a new way. I realized that all I had to do was show up when it was time for the notes to happen. I just had to have my hand over the keys at that time, and the notes would “play themselves.” Next I tried the Fantaisie-Impromptu, where I’d been stuck at a speed plateau, and found myself going at nearly the required bat-out-of-hell tempo– for a while, anyway– without any effort. One more reason to think the advice was genuine– it actually worked. I hadn’t realized the degree to which I had been fighting each moment of my life as it arrived, existing in a state of tense and even painful anticipation, even though I thought I knew how to Be Here Now. I don’t know how that habit got started.
Homeopathic medicines can be administered once the source is removed, to help correct any imbalances brought on by lead toxicity.
She said, “The Johnston family are so dumb that they just drool”
To be honest the physical limitations this 'incident' has caused are one of the factors that prompted me to cut my ties at work sooner than was originally anticipated, I just couldn't tackle those stairs 50 times/day anymore.(As if the hand/wrist problems weren't enough!)
I moved the dough carefully to the table and placed it on top of wax paper. Yes, the recipe actually calls for that clingy stuff from hell, but like I said, I’ve learned that it must be avoided at all costs for the sake of my sanity. (The wax paper works better, by the way.) I’ve also learned that when a recipe says, “do not form into a ball,” you shouldn’t. No matter how much your inner Play Doh-loving child wants to. So I followed the instructions to the tee and rolled out a perfect 12-inch circle, and proudly draped it in the freezer to chill. When it was ready, I placed it into a pie plate with a little foil on the bottom, filled it with poor-man’s pie weights, and baked it.
The food industry is an oligopoly that has transformed not only what we eat but how we eat it, and what we think of food.
2011-This was a very complex and the most volatile year I have ever seen in my 14 years of trading. There was a normal correction from the February high to the March low. At this peak the market had been trending up strongly for 6 months and this was also 9 months from the 2010 low at 1011. The market then took one more run to a new high and peaked on the 1st trading session in May. After that it didn’t bottom until early-October, over 5 months later. This high (1371) wasn’t seen again until 10 months later in late-February 2012. I saw major caution signs in the market in July. I then got a confirmed bear market in early-September. This analysis held up until 1/10/12 when it was proven to be a false signal despite the fact that it came from multiple measures. Coming into 2012 the 10dma of the OEX put/call ratio was sky high, Treasuries were suggesting a bear market had begun, and my bear signals were still intact. In review I thought 2011 looked a lot like 2007. Third years of the presidential cycle are supposed to be strong. However, when the second years are stronger than normal it tends to create weak third years. This happened in 1986-1987, 2006-2007, and 2010-2011. As you can see from my circles, despite massive volatility the market ended the year right where it began. Very similar to 2007 and 1987. So I came into 2012 bearish but by 1/10/12 I determined that I had a false signal and that the cyclical bull market remained intact despite a very nasty correction.
When we come back, we see what we just saw. Michael Cole also informs us that the Administrator Assistant, Eve Torres tweeted after this match that it’s unacceptable to end the match this way, therefore, tonight, Randy Orton will face Alberto Del Rio, and Sheamus will face Chris Jericho in separate one on one matches.
To paraphrase:
So I have them. Now what? Hmmm, I almost purchased a set of toy dishes. Maybe instead I should just use and enjoy my dishes (not the "grands") and if one breaks choose to be happy because it served a purpose? Not worry about putting the dishes in the dish washer ... so what if the silver band wears a bit from use or part of the pattern fades ... its a plate and it should be covered by food anyway!
Step 11: Top with grated cheese and sour cream. Our particular toppings involved sour cream, stir fried mushrooms, and cheese. BreAnna and I also tried strawberry jam.
Metaphysics: doncha just love it. I hope the other robin stays alive, but will it matter if it does not?
When I submitted my first article to a magazine I did it as a challenge to myself. I took a deep breath, said a prayer, and hit "send" just before the deadline. As soon as I did it, I realized that my biggest fear was that it would be accepted.
What works better for me is where I am now, sitting on my deck listening to the subtle tune of wind chimes and gurgling water. The weather has turned for the better with the sun coming out and a mild breeze at my back. My yard is coming to life with buds on the Magnolia tree and the shrubbery greening up. Every so often the fragrance of spring wafts through the air and I feel so happy. Life is good, this is what retirement means to me.
Ahern said that state law gives the agency 10 days to respond to The Journal’s request. He said that Palazzo has asked the cable companies to file memos that expand upon their reasons for wanting to keep the information confidential. The state rules that govern cable TV have required cable companies to file annual reports since the industry’s inception in Rhode Island in the early 1980s. The reports are to contain information about each company’s ownership, management, financial condition, facilities, services and subscriber information…
-- let go, float above your British worry and shame ... tango will grip you like a fever. I said I wouldn't pick these up.
nature of the alleged abuse.
Wei was beginning to question the wisdom of continuing his current operation. The swamp was deep and dark and filled with predators and pests … let alone the Americans who had holed up in the depths of the mossy waters to avoid assimilation at one of the FEMA/U.N. camps.
Let's see...have I left anything out? Oh, yes, that sink full of sudsy, dirty dishes. Really. You'd be surprised at how artfully you can arrange and frame a mess. ; )
“Good, I hope you combust”
I keep waiting for some environmental group to announce that the Earth is running out of oxygen. It’s the kind of huge lie that environmentalists of every description engage in. There’s plenty of oxygen and, despite the latest lies about carbon dioxide (CO2), the great oceans of the world are not turning into reservoirs of acidity. Together these two gases are the basis for all life on Earth.
I wonder if you guys think it’s a great idea or will you just stick to using emoticons?
John and Kitty had some more dialog.
Savior we bless your name, thank you for this your children and before this evening you have not allowed them to perish. Now they have come to you, please receive them in Jesus name, forgive them in Jesus name, let your blood cleanse them from all their sins in Jesus name.
Here I go! I've been flying tandems for a couple of years now, and last summer I was lucky enough to work full-time at a paragliding school and flew over 150 tandems for them. Since my certification I have also worked for myself and wondered where exactly my tandem and instructor licenses would take me. Teaching students from scratch hasn't been my first focus, although I do love teaching the basics at ground school (ground handling, etc). It's also quite an expensive option, as the instructor needs training gear (school gliders, harnesses, helmets, etc) and besides, my friends have a good school already with all the facilities.
Player: I succeed.
I always tell myself that I won’t walk during a race. And, I never have. (Swiveling and stopping at crowded water stations does not count as walking in my book).
Preheat oven according to package directions. Add wet ingredients to the dry ingredients, according to the package. Add the spices and clementine zest. Bake as instructed. Enjoy!!!
And that in a country where contraception and abortion are freely available at the expense of the state on the NHS for very many years
Back in 2003, a couple of things happened. The program that I had bought to catalog my comic books had finally died. The company that sold it had gone under years before, and the program simply stopped working under Windows XP, and I didn’t have the money to buy a new program at the time (I was freelancing in the aftermath of the burst Internet bubble). I was also having a lot of trouble managing my books, CD’s, and DVD’s…they were piling up, and I’d occasionally buy something I already owned.
This is my Sunday.lol
I went from this:
Boys have no problem with a girl protagonist. You just need to give them the right girl. Look at Northern Lights, Mortal Engines, Skullduggery Pleasant, To Kill a Mocking Bird. All read by boys and starring girls. Look at Buffy and Lara Croft!
As for the seat, Alex and I are huge fans of the front bike seat. When the seat's in front, you can keep a close eye on your baby, which feels safe and secure; plus, you can chat and sing and feed them crackers:) And what a thrill for the babies! Seriously, it must feel like a roller coaster!
As freezing persons recollect the snow–
$1,424 Monthly Homeowners’ Dues
For those of you who don't know about this book, it's about Cleopatra's only daughter Selene. Imagine having a mother like Cleopatra -- a mother who chose the love of Egypt over everything (and everyone) else.
So far, Derek has not dated any Kardashians, but he's still a relatively young guy.
Do you have something fun planned for the day? As for the Mister and I, we are headed to the Empress Tea Room on Dale Mabry to take in a Mystery Dinner Show with a 1950′s theme! This should be a blast……our time now is spent trying to figure out a costume to wear. I hope no matter what you do, you take time to appreciate those closest to you because no matter what gift you give, the best gift you can give is your time!
I look at the Tag surfer quite a lot, all posts with a particular tag shown in one place. Recently Lexie Cannes, a trans activist, wrote about Mischa Popoff, a campaigner against trans rights, whom she called “hardly worth mentioning”. At least she answered the rubbish he wrote. Dr Eowyn mostly quotes, to spread anger and resentment among her conservative readers about the Transsexual Menace to our Children. I prefer posts where people write on what pleases them. I do not want to be depressed. There are positive stories about. Popoff opposes the introduction of education on trans issues in Canada. Hooray! That means it is a live issue, and other people are working for that education.
The Buddhistic negation of reality in general (appearance = suffering) is perfectly consistent: undemonstrability, inaccessibility, lack of categories not only for a "'world-in-itself," but an insight into the erroneous procedures by means of which this whole concept is arrived at. "Absolute reality," "being-in-itself" a contradiction. In a world of becoming, "reality" is always only a simplification for practical ends, or a deception through the coarseness of organs, or a variation in the tempo of becoming.
Meanwhile, economists were screaming from the rooftops that the Democrats were forcing mortgage lenders to issue loans that would fail the moment the housing market slowed and deadbeat borrowers couldn’t get out of their loans
“Pretty cold today, huh?” I asked.
Even though a cloud’s white curtain in a far-off corner flashed
I cant wait to plant our seedlings into our flower box this weekend. Im also very excited to spruce up our garden and get cute little garden ornaments for it. PS. when I was 8 there was no way that I ever thought I would say that
The first mile is almost all downhill. Just before mile 1 is a very short uphill. I was definitely a little winded as man I flew down that hill...OK, I did hold myself back some, but its hard to go slow when its all down hill. When I got to the mile marker, a volunteer told me "LOVE YOUR SKIRT, nice race attire".
Go batter-batter,
You can use juice, milk, almond/soy/rice milk, even just water. Whatever floats your boat.
“What happened to put you off men?”
I should’ve known then, I don’t know why i tried to believe you
Each day, I feel blessed and awed. Privileged and humbled. Alive and free.
So…. Here’s the materials you need to construct your own Candy House:
Maybe even make out with her.
â€œThe USPTO is committed to the President's management agenda goal of citizen-centered operations,â€� said Under Secretary of Commerce for Intellectual Property and Director of the USPTO Jon Dudas. â€œOur electronic hearing room is another way in which we are fulfilling the President's goals. The new cyber hearing room saves our customers time and money, because they don't need to travel to our Office in order to be heard.â€�
I did have a look at the complete list and unfortunately the majority of the LA countries appear in the Watch List. I found Bolivia, Brazil, Colombia, Costa Rica, Ecuador, Guatemala, Mexico, Peru and even a note regarding the situation of Paraguay, which is in the Monitoring List. Yet, the USTR is pleased to see the progress made by the country and it refers to a case decided in 2011 which obtained the first conviction under its new criminal laws. However, the USTR still has serious concerns regarding piracy and counterfeiting and advice the country to “intensify its customs actions and improve its cooperation with neighbouring countries Brazil and Argentina on cross-border enforcement of IPR.”
Unfortunately having to pay the fine of£70,000 this record of service will be reduced, my prediction.
Not long into our day at headquarters Read’s CEO, Hannah, came and found me. “We’ve been looking at your photographs,” she said, “And we have a proposal for you.”
The following Monday (March 12th) Junelle Jacobsen is going to share her special talents. Junelle has one of the most beautiful sheep blogs I've seen, Yes and Amen. She has a wonderful encouraging spirit that just shines through her photography, stories, art and videos. I can't wait to see what she comes up with!
250g punnet black berries
I also made these a couple weeks ago--wrapped them at work on my lunch hour but I didn't get around to listing them until recently:
After introductions, Judith started the session with an ideas generator. She suggested writing a list of different characters, locations and objects. By choosing one of these at random from each list, a basis for an idea will appear. Another suggestion was to pick an arbitrary word from the dictionary. Just open the dictionary and point!
I already posted the renovation before and afters of the living room, but thought I'd show you the work in progress of furniture placement. This is the latest set up, but it changes monthly.
element in human and animal nutrition. Sulfur is involved in nearly
cavalry, moving hither and thither,
Let me brief you in short, although you can find Hokkien Mee elsewhere, but KL Hokkien Mee is an authentic version, which I have tried before when I was young. What is authentic Hokkien Mee? As an authentic Hokkien Mee, 1st of all, the noodles must be ‘Hokkien noodles’ which they are made without the use of preservatives, colouring and alkaline additives. Normally, these firm and smooth noodles are thicker and rounded.
Jumping and swinging that ponytail. She is such a girly-girl. I may be in trouble in the teen years.
Don’t know if you saw the Big Question show this morning – but it was apparant to me that Tommy was attacked by muslim and liberal ‘guests’ on the show – typically he was referred to as far right despit him asking for a definiton.
all thy kindness I record,
Having a program in place to better utilize our best coaches, we then need to focus on identifying our athletic talent and funneling athletes to coaches that can best help them develop. I know that in this age of shoe companies, agents and the like that this will not be as easy as it could be – which is why a CEO will need to be able to either interface with those various factions to assist in facilitating this process, or be able to find individuals who can. But matching up athletes with coaches is key to our achieving our potential as an international program. Because in watching our athletes perform in Daegu (and elsewhere) we have far too many “elite” athletes with glaring technical flaws. And for our athletic population base, we have far too m any athletes that plateau and stagnate at too young an age. I look at an athlete like a Ryan Bailey – with the physical attributes of Usain Bolt – who was 9.88/20.10 last year in spite of major technical flaws, who literally disappeared this year. Then contrast him with Yohan Blake who was 9.89/19.78 last year and ended up as World Champion in Daegu and the star of Brussels. I see a disconnect in both organization and philosophy. Because I guarantee that in nearly any other country this Ryan Bailey would be nurtured as a near athletic national treasure. But here we treat him as disposable because we have so many others that we feel will come through when we need them! Yet at the end of the day we showed up to Daegu with only one viable sprinter – Walter Dix – a story that was repeated in several events at Worlds. So perhaps our athletes are not quite as disposable as it seems – and as an organization we need to nurture as many as we can get our hands on.
Between the CPN, me and Frank, and Molly’s friend Jack – who was here yesterday, and who glitters on the fringes of the room like a gypsy whose prophecy has come to pass - we try every angle, every point of reasoning and emotional leverage to encourage Molly to leave the chair. But like the chair itself she simply absorbs all our efforts, soaking them up with the smoke and the heat from the fire and the muted images from the TV.
Excitingly, I have a stuffed pheasant in a case borrowed from my local museum school loan collection currently sitting up in my studio at the moment, about to become an oil painting for me to permanently enjoy (or if I don't like the resultant painting and I'm not too ashamed at the outcome, may offer it to my allotment shop to cheer up their blank walls).
As far as I’ve been able to determine, it does work operationally. It seems the US Treasury is already legally empowered to simply mint it’s own platinum coin in any denomination it wants and effectively deposit it in its Fed account, rather than sell bonds to the public to fund its Fed account.
We patched things up and had a 1 year total relationship. He's the one that taught me ballroom and 2 step dancing at bars and I love it. He was demanding thou, I had to be a perfect housewife, never denying him....So the arguments were endless.
over the months before, or having to wear
Lately I've been asking myself number one a lot. What needs to happen? I like the other suggestions, especially the scribble version. I'm going to try that. Maybe it will help me get over the hump and finally write that dragon scene I've been putting off for far too long.
Compliment your ex on his or her looks, but don’t take it overboard. Be courteous, friendly and at the same time, keep a check on your emotions and behavior.
I wasn’t supposed to attend the Tatt Awards Friday night. I had a terrible headache. In fact, my doctor slash lawyer Raulito Lambino advised me to seek medical treatment abroad. I refused.
The Chosen Masters have decreed that there are too many of us (Prince
This is my submission to Hay Hay House to support my book proposal.
I’m not making sense am I? Will stop writing now.
At what point in your life do you quickly answer, “I’m a writer” with a strong, clear, confident voice?
So we have a busy weekend, but it should be a lot of fun. Ohh the sun is shining today and it's suppose to be 50 by Sunday! So maybe spring is on it's way. I sure hope so!!
Date of Origin: Wednesday June 08th, 2011 approx. 12:30 PM
“It’s hard to sneak around and do what you want,” Obama said. “I have done it a couple of times. But you know one fantasy I have, and the Secret Service they keep looking at me because they think I might actually do it, is to walk right out the front door and just keep walking.”
Suzette came up and dragged me from my funk and made me plan some trips. She has recently changed around her whole schedule so she can run around with us more. I was forced to oblige.
Sharp discrepancies between official statistics and those of Interpol and the Medical Research Council are considered.
As soon as I did slide back the door, she threw herself into my arms, crying about how she was so glad I was back, and don't ever leave her again, and I didn't tell her I was going anywhere!!! Normally, in a situation like that where someone doesn't remember something I said, I will often just brush it off, but I was annoyed at her banging on my glass door yet again, so I told her that I did tell her, and she told me that she was also going out of town. She looked very surprised, but said nothing else, just started bitching about how she felt left out of her family's plans and didn't even go to their house on Christmas day. I knew she hadn't, her parking spot is right in front of my patio, and I noticed she never went out. I didn't care. I was busy, and if she chooses to alienate herself from her family and be alone on Christmas, then that's her problem.
State:
Kasmiri chilli powder - 1 tbsp (according to taste)
My inspiration came from her use of the patterned paper. I am always looking for ways to use mine (before I decide to lose it!), and the large panel of patterned paper Vanessa used really spoke to me. I could use a good chunk of paper, much better than just scraps, and the layout would be a cinch.
Taken: 04/24/2011
ilusión, no te puedo encontrar.
Author: STORMS OF DESTINY/HarperEos
3"Why do you look at the speck of sawdust in your brother's eye and pay no attention to the plank in your own eye? 4How can you say to your brother, 'Let me take the speck out of your eye,' when all the time there is a plank in your own eye? 5You hypocrite, first take the plank out of your own eye, and then you will see clearly to remove the speck from your brother's eye.
Doctoral candidate Antoinette Landor who presented some of her findings at the World Congress for Sexual Health in Glasgow has drawn a connection between teens losing their virginity and peer pressure.
Seriously, dude, we love ya, Mitch, and we think you are going to be the best big brother a girl could have!
Scarf:: Hot Topic
Support the artists by buying their records.
Moments that stir the soul: The gold noon sun of the opening sequence; the body and the music; the camera brushing through the tall green grass as if presenting the perspective of another; the shape shifter that intrudes upon the scene and watches, silently, from the periphery; the figure that wanders naked into the empty frame; the song and the cinema; the moped ride that brings to mind the vacant drifting into night of Catherine Deneuve's 'Marie' in Pola X (1999); the underground shrine; the stories within stories; the questions of love, with its mysteries and conspiracies; the spirit of the animal returning to the forest; the lights in the trees; the eyes of the beast burning brightly through the dark.
Okay...this is the time when you can all say....
Thank you for understanding that Jill was, and is, and will always be, a part of my life. And for trusting me enough to allow our friendship to flourish and strengthen and grow. And thank you for opening your heart to her when she needed us more than anything.
Beer. If you can't taste it, why bother!
Anyway, after a night of being eyeballed and Minority Report stalked as the lotus flower bomb of some guy’s eye and running off in the other direction to marry Mr. Ciroc, my stomach was punishing me for inhaling my food during the night. I don’t think I ever tasted the shrimp or the fries…as soon as the food came out…poof…it was all gone. That being said, I had to eat something for lunch and I decided that I was going to order Chinese food.
Psalm 91 The Message
As Narcissus is the figure in the above who has received the least attention or mentions in previous posts, perhaps some time should be spent elaborating upon him now. He does also appear alluded to in Hadrian’s Thespiae inscription, where the temple of Aphrodite and Eros is described as “beside Narcissus’ flowering garden.” In Marguerite Yourcenar’s book Hadrian’s Memoirs, she has a scene in which this inscription and its connection to the meeting of Antinous and Hadrian is beautifully recounted.
I didn't give up my hunt. I remember seeing a recipe in Vanitha for Empire Chicken Kababs and it was just flour,vinegar, chicken, food colour, Empire kabab masala (!?!) and salt. C'mon, when you give a recipe, it should be a whole recipe...how else will you know what's there in that Empire kabab masala? Never mind! I still wrote down that recipe in my favourite navy blue diary.
Last weekend to the Cotswolds to visit my father-in-law's widow. We try to stay over in Stratford as it's a long day's driving otherwise. This, the revamped Shakespeare Memorial theatre, with the curious tower, somewhat like a medieval Italian city state. In the foreground, a glorious magnolia, dripping with blooms.
What you may need to bring or what venue might lack:
Juice from 1 orange, plus a big spoonful of the zest
Now it is only the brave hearts, the adventurous and the rebels – people like neo-hippies – who can dare to experience the pure living and high thinking life without the mobile, who can breathe in the fresh air, consciously and knowingly and who can look at the sunrise and the sunsets at the beaches. They can even dance and get drenched in the rains and not worrying about their phone. The blasted thing leaves you with no choice but to believe in God, or with the hope that there will be a day when some newer technology would kill this beast.
Yes, I suppose you would think I was lucky, but really, I am only persistent---
As Mom’s November birthday approached, I decided that Ms. Kitty had been around long enough to merit a fiscal investment, despite her ‘stray’ status. I started looking into the insulated(?) Igloo dog & cat houses, but happened across the Kitty Tube during my search. Ultimately I liked the Kitty Tube better because: it seemed better insulated, I thought it looked more aesthetically appealing, the entrance was smaller (the better to keep out the elements and larger animals), the lid can be removed for cleaning and easy interior access, plus it came with a bed. Add the facts that it is MADE IN THE USA!, has a lifetime guarantee, and it is made of recyclable materials – win, win, win!
We have now found a new Virtual Distributor in Lightning Source. The up side is that they are owned by a very substantial USA distributor and offer distribution in both the USA and the UK. We are now quite far with them in that three of our most export oriented titles have been uploaded and new orders placed to replace those poor people who never got books from BookForce. We have yet to find a supplier for Australia, formerly covered by BookForce.”
I loved it. In high school, my friends and I would go there before school on big exam days to study and on Sundays we would often end up there after church (sometimes instead of church). As an adult, I loved to spend my days off wandering the aisles of the public library across the street then settling down to a long cup of coffee and a good book at Veli’s.
There’s no such thing as ‘Urban Children’. What is that anyway?
See! I told you it was much, much worse.
The Inbetweeners Movie does not offer intelligent humour, it never promised too. It’s a movie about the teen experience, filled with all the amplified embarressing moments most, if not all of us have experienced on some level and although you cringe the whole way through at the awkwardness, shame, embarresment and complete stupidity of these four lads from suburban London you like them. You can’t help it.
I hope you enjoy the card and are having a blessed day.
Each advocate has completed at least 50 hours of training and they are available every day and night. CMU was the first university to establish this kind of program.
What is the SAS?
-rw-r–r– 1 root other 440 Jan 24 11:47 vfstab.prevm
Thus speaketh the LORD of hosts, saying, This people say, The time is not come, the time that the LORD’S house should be built.
‘I have never understood how the religion whose heart is that God is love and that we are to love our neighbors as ourselves can give rise to wars that are absolutely unjustifiable and unacceptable relative to the revelation of Jesus.’
happy Summer frame of mind ...
I hope you enjoy. I probably won't post anything new tomorrow, but will be back over the weekend.
Next was the applique of motifs on the canopy. I had some misfortunes with the lettering on the canopy roof. For the English verse “His /Her Banner Over Me Is Love” I used very old fusible and so the letters peeled off after a few days…another lesson learned. For the replacement letters, figleaf motifs, Hebrew letters, Mogen David and Olive Branch appliques, I switched to new Steam A Seam Light. It took a couple of extra days to re-do the lettering but the results were satisfying.
Blouse (Esprit), vest (Esprit), suit skirt (Kensie), tie (thrift), shoes (Unlisted, thrift), earrings (don't remember).
Maria V. Snyder
In the spirit, therefore, of acknowledging Anzac Day and those Aussies and Kiwis who have fallen while being the biggest bully on the block, or at least its mightiest sidekick, I can’t go along with Binyon’s ode. I choose to post from John Le Gay Brereton‘s Anzac these lines that it is easy to read as an acknowledgment of the wrongs we inflicted on our foes:
Home Improvement
But we must not lose sight of the goal in the end. It is no less than the new humanity in Jesus, which we are to be part and parcel with. And this is nothing less than the process and journey of a lifetime. Into more and more conformity to God’s will in Jesus, which is Jesus-like. As we look forward to the result of God’s good working in all things, in and through Jesus for us and through us for the world.
The next day I packed up my 1974 VW bus, a suitcase of clothes, my Rosewood Gibson acoustic guitar, and Cass. I pulled out of my parents’ driveway while Daddy waved his arms wildly in the air, yelling, “You’re gonna ruin your life out there, Evangeline (he’s the only one who ever calls me by my full name)! Los Angeles isn’t the city of angels. It’s a city of heathens and devils!!”
So I thought about what we leave the dinner table to get - silverware, straws, napkins, and salt - and found a caddy that would hold it all.
Winter greens with carrots, feta cheese and brown rice - such a delicious and quick recipe! We've made this twice so far, the first time with brown rice and more recently with quinoa.
"One unknown man"
1. Any dried beans like fava beans, navy beans or white beans washed and soaked overnight in water, 2 cups.
In short, the results which emerge when one examines the structure of ears and their origins clearly invalidate evolutionist assumptions. The Grolier Encyclopedia, an evolutionist source, makes the admission that “the origin of the ear is shrouded in uncertainty.”362 Actually, anyone who studies the system in the ear with common sense can easily see that it is the product of a conscious creation.
15 And truth is lacking, and he that departeth from evil maketh himself a prey. And the LORD saw it, and it displeased Him that there was no justice;
