10% ABV
Where was I? Oh yes. THE ULTIMATE GOOD LUCK. So anyway, I had the very great fortune to interview Richard Ford a couple of weeks ago, this because he has a new novel coming out in June, called CANADA, and a wonderful experience it was, too. Richard Ford is entirely charming, a real gentleman, and I found the whole experience hugely enjoyable.
Looking back on February, it wasn’t very productive… it was a whole lot of busy-ness
Grandfather’s breath always smelled like vinegar. Randolph asked him repeatedly for a more noble Indian name. He’d hoped for something like, “Walks on the Wind” or “Fearless Falcon”. But Little Pigeon stuck and he continued calling him that until the “bottle” claimed his life.
Starring: Ranveer Singh, Anushka Sharma, Dipannita Sharma, Aditi Sharma and Parineeti Chopra
And this ensured, there was only direction the wind could blow.
The male goldfinches have almost completely molted to their summer color.
FROM THE INTERWEB
At the end of the meal Jesus took a cup of wine, blessed it or gave thanks over it (or both) and transformed the staple beverage of the day into a means of grace and union. In many parts of the Middle East in 1st century, water was not always clean enough or safe enough to drink. Milk didn’t keep. Juices had to be fresh-squeezed or fermented or distilled. Much of what we call “wine” in the Bible is much more accurately “brandy.” Distilling killed bacteria and made spirits of the non-spiritual kind hugely popular. For fishermen, tradesmen and tax collectors wine drinking was likely as much sport as thirst-quenching. Wine was consumed morning, noon, afternoon, suppertime, evening and in between where appropriate. For Jesus to say “as often as you drink it, remember me” is incredible. For anyone who ate and drank (i.e., everyone!) they would have their memories jogged a dozen times a day — I remember Jesus.
Now before we go any further, let's distinguish between the word realistic, which means dealing with the world as it actually is, dark side and all; and the word naturalistic, which means imitating nature. Realistic is about content; naturalistic is about style. Robert Altman movies are naturalistic; Company and Next to Normal are realistic.
Laure replied, saying she would gladly take me around France, but the VISA process might be too cumbersome. So I might just make do with a cross country trip. Across the US and across India.
“This room of yours looks as if a tornado went through it.”
This is so lovely, so spontaneous. I'm truly honored to have it written for me by a long time acquaintance.
Me: I never mentioned anything about any rules. Earlier in the conversation I mentioned how Jesus said to go convert everyone, but that is about it.
Segel had a Bar Mitzvah. But when asked if he considers himself a “cultural Jew” he replies: “Yes. But in terms of organized religion, again, I think the notion of ‘I know better than someone else’ is wildly arrogant.” Here, Segel sounds to me like a classic adult interfaith child. Having lived the experience of growing up in interfaith families, we tend to see the world from more than one viewpoint, and we tend to question the idea that only one religious tradition could be the true path. We are also likely to feel alienated from religious institutions that have rejected us.
What a lovely day and night. The drive to work held an hour worth of Espanol for Gringos. Is it sinking in? What did I learn? Unfortunately un poquito. I did learn that Rosetta Stone totally immerses the student in Spanish with no English words.
I had prepared a different essay for Ethos, about how Naval Special Warfare had changed and evolved since 2001. A few days before I submitted it, we learned of the tragedy in Afghanistan. That other essay will have to wait for another time. The loss of these fine men brought home to all of us the costs and sacrifices that our warriors and families have borne since 9-11 – and this recent painful loss is a stern reminder of the horror and tragedy of war. War is indeed about killing and dying – but it is also about heroism, patriotism, determination, brotherhood, and sacrifice. We must not forget to celebrate who these men were, and in so doing, celebrate who we are.
Now see, the funny part here, is how hard I have been trying to reduce sugar in my diet, I was a sugar fiend all my life. Has my recent lack of constant sugar uncovered the reason I craved the sugar? Or has my years of sugar abuse actually caused damage? I know, don’t worsenalize or jump to conclusions, and definitely do not read about pancreatic cancer on WebMD.
It seems unlikely, to me anyway, that Albertans can be convinced to write off Smith, who comes across as pretty affable on TV, as a dangerous radical.
The next logical step seemed to be bringing this networking activity of mine to the blog itself. This worked, to an extent I’m not very comfortable with.
“Well she’s managed to find an Ophelia. Just like that. I’ve been collecting PPs for years – I’ve got hundreds of Galaxis and Aphrodites but not a single Ophelia. Then she comes along and finds the one in purple evening dress straight away. It’s so typical! She always has to have something better than everyone else. I bet her mum and dad went out and bought thousands of PPs specially, just so they could get their hands on that flippin’ Ophelia.”
Seriously though, I have had four medical doctors in my classes trying to have natural births. Sometimes even the people who are part of obstetric America realize that "that" kind of birth isn't what they want.
Thank you so much for allowing me time to voice my concerns. May the Lord bless you as you seek to do what is right for our nation and guide us to follow our constitution and founding principles.
*Justsowriter here. Now for something a little lighter than my last two posts. This is for all you writers out there who have ever had to force a watermelon-sized idea through a lemon-sized creative outlet. WARNING: THIS POEM HAS SOME NAUGHTY WORDS. Enjoy!*
14. Frankenstein's Monster Breaks Loose
On a side note, while the radio show was on air, JB was in the hospital waiting for Ri-An. He even brought her favorite flower. Yellow Tulips. This guy also haven’t forgotten, I like little touches like this. I guess, like a puzzle piece we’d surely see how this will all turn out later. I’m with my fellow dreamers, i hope this hints won’t be put to waste. I enjoy JB’s moments with Hae Sung, but JB and Ri-An has more depth. Whether they’d find each other again and rekindle what was lost or realize that it’s just a sweet past. Either way, it would be fine.
Come nightfall, there are fears that a ‘radical after-party’ at an undisclosed Financial District location could turn violent.
I chopped up my filling a little before putting it in the pies because I chose cherry and the cherries were sort of big, I wanted to be able to fit enough inside. Place a small dollop of your filling in each pie, making sure to not get to close to the edge.
This is a friendly reminder that the last day to submit HOA dues of $1,900 per lot for 2012 without penalty is March 31st. Payments are due on January 1st of every year. Payments received after March 31st will incur a 50% late payment penalty, no exceptions. If you have already paid your 2012 dues, thank you, and please disregard this message. If you have not yet submitted your payment, please do so ASAP to the attention of Michael Taylor at 211 John Wesley Way Savannah, GA 31404.
I start by pointing out the inaccuracies in my own title. Today’s post isn’t really a Top 5, but in fact just a selection of 5 drawn from different sports. And I’m not sure heroes is the right term either. Sportsmen that I’ve enjoyed watching, yes, but ‘hero’ is a level above that, a category I’m not sure I’d ever put an athlete in (certainly not just for their day job in any case). So as much as 50% of the title is inaccurate. But I’m sure we can overlook that little fact, can’t we?
If the Character is dead and there are no high level miracle workers around, there's only one thing you can do: go through their clothes and look for loose change.
A few days later Bobbi Kristina
Squeeee.
ay…hello there!
9. Triquilín (2:43)
Damn it! I stood up and peered at my scraped hand, blood beading out of paper-cut sized scrapes. I’d been out here for at least ten minutes, but still, I heard nothing but the crunch of my feet snapping the twigs underfoot and my breath echoing through my own head. Ready to turn around
chopped shallot
But the one saving grace was this Eddie Matthews stadium seat card from old Milwaukee County Stadium. I already have three other stadium seat relic cards, as well as an outfield wall relic card, so I jumped at the opportunity to grab another for a reasonable price.
90+ – No series
‘What does he eat?’
“At that point, our stories didn’t amount to anything to speak of. When we started in on Bill D., we had no Twelve Steps, either; we had no Traditions. But we were convinced that the answer to our problems was in the Good Book. . . .
Judy at JayJaysFavorites commented “Can’t figure out the last one Mike. Unless you have one of the Red Tails flying in the red sky”!
, said co-pastor Tai Amri Wilson, at First Christian Church Oakland. it is a parish made up of elderly African Americans, young people from the LGBT community, Quakers and Buddhists, social justice activists.
I pimp the Wiley X or Oakley sunglasses pretty much every waking minute of daylight that I'm not indoors (and I've pretty much gone to Wiley X only within the last year). It doesn't matter if it's sunny, overcast and raining, snowing, or anything else. The only time I don't wear them is in the dark, and even then I've got them on my head, with the clear lenses close by. I'm only getting one set of eyes in this life, and I've come close to losing one or both of them on several occasions. I will not risk them because I'm too cheap to buy, or too lazy to wear, quality eye protection.
photographing a deceased person, was a common practice in the 19th and early 20th centuries. These photographs, from the beginning of the practice until now, are special mementos that hold deep meaning for mourners through visually “embalming” the dead. Although postmortem photographs make up the largest group of nineteenth-century American genre photographs, until recent years they were largely unseen and unknown. Dr. Burns recognized the importance of this phenomenon in his early collecting when he bought his first postmortem photographs in
Three vintage vendors and the theme is Mother's Day and Spring.
Our office has the donation list that can be accessed on the Chez Lola website. If you have items or goods to donate, please complete the form on the website. We are sending this information to the displaced residents, who can follow-up on the items they are interested in. There was a similar list set-up for Anh Nguyen and Andrew Schneider here: http://itpedia.nyu.edu/wiki/Myrtle_Avenue_Collapse_Benefit_page. Unfortunately, there is no general place to hold your donated items at this time. The search for housing remains the main concern for displaced residents.
I'm enjoying using Washi tape and printing some free printable cards to journal on - especially of the 4x6 size since I don't want to use all the foldable cards. I did buy the label and 4x6 ones from Marcy Penner. Also, I couldn't live without my Instagram app!
Of course, there are a load of complications you could add in – but keeping it top level is more likely to be successful.
(AFP) — The clone of Bobby Joe Fannin, who goes by the alias Robert Duncan O’Finioan, was arrested by Customs and Border Patrol agents at the Calexico/Mexicali border for acts of criminal intent.
Sodium:448mg
Gary Fowles.
Manager Bandt gave two reasons for this decision. The first was that the Germania had already sold more tickets than there were seats available for the remaining concerts, and there were even more music lovers who wanted tickets. A season total of fifteen subscription concerts was needed to accommodate everyone. Second, “the undersigned has had application from many of the subscribers to compose the programme of mostly classical compositions; and again from many to have the Germanians perform more music of lighter character. To satisfy all, the Society has adopted the following plan: To perform alternately a programme of classical and one of modern music—which brings the next Concert in the category of the latter style, a Concert in which none but light music, with few exceptions, will be performed.”
Sam shook her head. She had to be going crazy, having visions. Maybe they'd put her in a mental hospital. She took a few steps back, pulling Abby with her. "Dad, this is too freaky!"
But now, I have watched all that Glee has to offer. I am all caught up. I have to wait until Tuesday to watch the next episode and then I have to wait a whole week to watch the next one. After going through a Glee marathon, I don't know what I'm going to do. :(
I thought I would show you some pics from my bedroom. It's a really large one compared to the other rooms in my house, and so it has to absorb quite a bit of Freshly Found-ness. Things were quite out of control over Christmas, but have been taken into hand now and are looking a lot neater. I have the challenge of working and living at home and so have to integrate both as best I can.
Off in the distance I heard the familiar sound of our chainsaw and decided to bring my camera outside while I caught up to Henri. It was surprisingly mild and so I took a little look around dreaming of when I may get back into the garden.
This week I kicked ass because:
EAC-FLAC (separate)-LOG-SCANS 246 MB
Am I talking too much about the weather?
2- (and this isn’t really a rule) it should hopefully be interesting. Because that’s really the idea behind this, right? Writers are always told to make sure to grab a reader with their first page, but what about those readers who pick up a book and flip to a random page. What if it was page 77 of a novel? Or page 7 of a short story? Or whatever.
Buying less clothes or even thrift store clothes, is a great way to save both the environment through less consumption – that reduce part of reduce reuse and recycle – and at the same time save your money.
How are mental health challenges and psychiatric impairments approached by family members?
Not only this, but just as it is a man’s job to protect you from the fickleness of his own emotions, to ensure that you feel loved and cared for, even when he does not feel like loving or caring for you, it is your job to do the same. The men in your life long to know that you view them highly, that you admire and respect them, that you care for them and desire to please them. In short, they want to know that they are important to you, and that you are not only willing, but eager to fill their needs.
Throughout episode 2 and 3 there are many non-mecha scenes drawn by Obari but I think his mecha scenes are the best. This next one is probably one of the best looking scenes in the show, he handled the mecha and even the effects work too I believe. Well, there is an FX explosion bonanza in the final climactic scene(not in this clip) which looks great, but I’m not sure if Obari was involved with any of that, so anyway:
ISBN: 978-1592322916
OK, taking a deep breath now. I only have one more rant before I leave you to visit Page 99 and make up your own minds: To quote my favourite songwriter, Morrissey: ‘America is not the world.’ Many of the more scathing criticisms I read were caused by simple British/American/Elsewhere differences. One reviewer went mental over the use of single quotation marks. Doesn’t she know that in some quarters this is actually the norm? Another railed against the use of the word ‘gaol’. Well, hello! If a site for writers invites international users, make allowances for different preferences and spellings, OK? (I read not one single British complaint about the spelling of ‘color’ or the use of ‘alternately’ to mean ‘alternatively’. )
Information below after clicking the reply button,
I can't believe it's hard
The award was made on the basis of the gallery's breach of its contract to store the chips securely. It is worth noting that this was an appeal from a lower court ruling which held in favour of the gallery on the basis that it could not see any loss to the artist.
The Plot of Harry Potter and The Goblet of Fire:
*Averagely priced for steak
Focusing on the known, and not unknown, I think that by growing your network of knowns (That 8.8%-25.5% of traceable readers). I should be able to level the figures a bit and not just rely on the insomniac late night internet wander to fuel my views counter. Without reinventing the wheel, so to speak, I think the best way to grow your known followers is to find networks you have not broken into yet. Sure, I could continuously post on my Facebook about the blog, but people will get weary of it and start to desensitize to anything I have to post, and at worst click the little “x” to block all my Facebook updates. Facebook is a good starting place, and your interested “friends” will likely keep following you, but Facebook as a whole is overridden with acquaintances labeled “friend” and they are highly unlikely to follow your blog. What other networks are available then?
We sit poised on the top of a cliff, a near drop off before us, that falls to a rushing river. In the middle, a bridge of snow and ice hints at our destination. My husband guns the snowmobile engine. “Ready?”
They would go on to chart six singles into the Billboard Top-40 charts, all in the years 1976 and 1977.
the virgins- "rich girl"
Thursday night I thought we should try some place a bit more casual than what we had been eating. There are a few Thai places in town and Thai is my favorite Asian cuisine, so we ventured out to find and try one. We ended up at Thai Me Up.
I Thessalonians 5:16-18 (NLT)
The problems that you suffer from are problems that you make
Of course either way, my mind isn’t made up, and my goal is of course to run a fast event with a focus on fun, while handing out lots of prizes.
turning around, facing you, standing there
I began reading the book (from the start, even though I've read it for the nth times now), and pictured Miley and Liam as Ronnie and Will. I'd say that this time, I finally been able to dwell myself on the story. I find myself turning the pages with so much anticipation and eagerness... waiting for the next turn of events. I used to love reading inspiring stories like this, and it has been a while now since I last read Dear John (by the same author). I think Nicholas Sparks is so fond of writing stories that has a happy-not-so-happy ending. Don't get me wrong, I love all his works. It's just that, I always end up questioning "what could have been" in all his books that I've read. All of it--emotional, sad, sometimes depressing... but they are inspiring at the same time, it makes you think of forgiveness, loyalty, love, and hope. Maybe that's the thing I love about these stories, that life is not always a happy ending, but there are a lot more reasons to move forward, to live life.
With diabolical wit, the author of TANATALIZE revisits a deliciously dark world where vampires vie with angels — and girls just want to have fangs.
Jake S: Goku vs. Superman?
Tempted me out of retirement. Oh, the irony.
-run a load of laundry
Next Generation Indie Books, the Independent (Ippy) Book Awards, Writer’s Digest, and Global eBook awards are just a few of the contests and awards open to indie authors. Because we’re not published by major houses, our books appear to have no vetting process. Recognized awards are a great substitution. They tell readers that someone discerning has read the book and believed it to be of high caliber.
MAC Pro Longwear Concealer in NW20
As children grow, they learn to speak, And have so much to say.
* Cardstock: Michaels Recollections Paper Pack
of her mother’s bleeding peony.
Then I took some wood twigs i had collected and painted metallic copper earlier and placed them in the pot. I stuffed in more paper to support the twigs, and covered it with some dried grass to disguise the newspaper and bring in some natural look. It looked like this
I'm planning on doing two highlights post this weekend of everyone's Sew Grateful posts! So drop me a comment if you've done a post for the challenge and I'll be sure to include it!
Roll between two sheets wax paper until it is ¼-1/8 inch thick.
2010.07.31 Iraq Yusufiya 4 11 Four rescue workers are lured to the scene of an earlier bombing and then blasted in a second attack.
She picked his thin body up off of a leaf
Have a fantastic Friday, friends and fellow freelancers!
They begin to slowly roll my bed down the hallway; I can see the lights passing. And even though I know it is impossible it is like I can feel it moving inside of me, doing little flips.
Libertarians and Austrian Economists have a hero in Ron Paul, whose philosophy is fathered by Murray Rothbard, Ludwig von Mises, and Friedrich Hayek, and continued today by Lew Rockwell of the Mises Institute. As a group, those of the Austrian School of Economics envision a world with sovereign individuals and sovereign nations each with its own currency.
or maybe it was just the thunder
Contact us for our Catalogue, Line Sheet and Order Form.
People have been asking Ysassi about their weapons he may have, some taken during routine traffic stops years ago in the precinct’s 320-square-mile jurisdiction.
Even more painful perhaps as they clear the house of its broken and ruined furniture, its soiled clothing, the smell of waste everywhere, working around their gaunt, wan, dementia-suffering and incontinent grandmother is the dawning realisation that she suffers from the same alcoholism that killed her son. Her innocent enquiries as to whether they'd like a drink in the evening (and her abstinence when they refuse) suddenly take on a different hue when the boys realise her plight. And when they finally relent and give her what she so clearly needs they watch the transformation as the glint returns to her eyes, colour to her cheeks, 'like a vampire that had finally got a taste of blood...life was returning to her, filling her limb by limb. It was terrible, terrible.'
We let the boys play some more while I walked about trying to resurrect my hip (almost succeeded – I was able to limp/walk to the train station and home again), and then wandered back to the train station.
"The air force in the South Military District is reported to have been rearmed almost 100 percent with new jets and helicopters," according to regional expert Pavel Felgenhauer of the Washington-based Jamestown Foundation.
The ENT specialists wouldn’t hear of it.
Here we learn that Judas is called a devil. Therefore it is altogether contrary to sound doctrine and plain Scriptural teaching to say that Judas was a saint and became a sinner, losing his salvation. Such a position is taken by some Christians who teach against the doctrine of the eternal security of the believer.
During the service, the rabbi had all of us go around the room and say who we were and perhaps share a story or memory about Little Helen. I really did not think I could do it. I was one of the last people to have their turn, and everyone kept saying, "Well, I met Helen through..." to start their story.
Clea Raymond has a unique gift. A proficient photographer, in all her pictures, there is little something extra, and it's not just a result of her talented eye. There is always an extra photo that she didn't take. And, as she discovered at a young age, those photos always lead to a place where some tragedy is about to occur that Clea can prevent.p
7 Year old Sammy Davis Jr
LMA
:walks away scratching her head:
The governments of places like Iceland almost went bankrupt in 2008, but how many Americans care about that? The financial crisis is all over Europe, too – very severe in places as far away as the UK and Japan, “but what does that have to do with me personally?”
Bronze Oakwell Acorn Lager 3.8
with power spectral density.
rapidshare
Another Regressive Progressive, Rep. Keith Ellison (D-Minn.), thinks Bob should resign instead of be fired. Ellison says it’s not the first time Gibbs has insulted Barack’s base. Doh, Keith. If Gibbsy has insulted you, well welcome to the club. Anyways, Ellison now denies he ever said that. In keeping with the policies of 1980s Corporate America, Mr. Ellison obviously has learned the art of Deny Deny Deny unless they have photographs or video .He basically said Huffpo isn’t telling the truth, or got it wrong, or something. I love when they all start eating their own, don’t you? I can’t wait till it happens over at the other Cliff, and Newt starts sniping at anybody who dares threaten his presidential throne.
that if they open aux service windows they use IE protocols in the background.
thinking -
Save $1.00 on Febreze Set & Refresh
Phil Beesley on his discovery that the novelist once lived in the Leicester suburb of Aylestone and set his novel The Right to an Answer there.
To do the job, a court reporter uses a special stenograph machine with 22 keys. A computer program connected to the stenograph machine converts the text into a document for use. The information is printed out in condensed form and then kept for future reference. Often the text will be formatted into a book form to stand as the official record of the proceedings of the trail if there should be an appeal.
Me: Hey I’m Tom, how are ya.
The kinds of anomalies that people latch onto might be things that we really don’t know the answer to, and can’t explain with certainty to everyone’s absolute satisfaction. But y’know, those are actually okay too. The unknown is pretty consistent with a lot of good ideas. Failing to absolutely nail every single detail of everything that’s going on is not scientifically anomalous at all. There’s no problem if it’s just an uncertainty; it’s only when something is truly inexplicable that your theory needs to be re-worked.
I had a few people mention they didn't know how to layer digis like I did for the background of my card yesterday so I offered to do up a little tutorial. But being the kind of anal person I am I know I NEED step by step pictures so I have done the same for you so this post is a little 'picture heavy' - LOL.
" Stickers
Never doubt that passive-aggressives are at war with us. Unless we know how they feel, we will never be able to plan a successful strategy to improve the relationship.
I think Diana needs longer exposure times and her focus isn't as sharp as the Holga, but she makes the kind of dreamy images I really admire.
In a near future, society is segregated according to whether people are genetically disposed to mental illness. 17-year-old Ana has been living the privileged life of a Pure due to an error in her DNA test. When the authorities find out, she faces banishment from her safe Community, a fate only thwarted by the fact that she has already been promised to Pure-boy Jasper Taurell.
The Grey is one of two slow, ballad-like songs on the album. If I’m correct, it’s about being stuck in a ‘haze,’ and I’m guessing it’s a haze caused by depression. This version of The Grey is a bit different from the version they had previously released on an EP, but it’s still a great song. Off With Her Head was and is still one of my favorites on the album. I love Ariel’s vocals during the chorus, and as far as the meaning of the song goes, I think it’s about something along the lines of self-judgement and being overly self-critical. Again, I could be wrong, but with Ariel belting during the chorus “Don’t let go ’cause I don’t wanna be this, I don’t wanna be this” and “Your way of life has only showed me what a fool I am,” during the second verse, I think it’s safe to assume that it’s about looking at the world and lingering on everything you believe is wrong with yourself. Fight has a self-explanatory message, and features catchy verses and the headbang-inducing choruses that are present throughout the album. To put it simply, Fight is an anthem of survival, and just like the previous song, seems to be about the inner struggle of fighting against yourself during depression, or moments of emotional pain. Ariel reaffirms this in the chorus with the line, “How could I forget that I’m better than this?”.
I hope you enjoy these collaborations and that if you’re looking for someone to work with on a similar project you’ll consider hiring me…or that this inspires your own creativity!
One fairly obvious manifestation of this is the way we choose particles for phrasal verbs. We fill up the tank, the future is looking up, and children both grow up, and are brought up. Likewise, notions of boundedness and containment are intrinsic, not only to the semantics of the noun phrase in many languages (think of countable and uncountable nouns), but also to verb aspect (a point I will take up in a future post).
I finally took the plunge for a pair of designer Mother Jeans, and I'm in love. These flares are soo soft its like wearing pajamas..seriously. Everyone needs to try a pair..
Friggatriskaidekaphobia is the fear of Friday 13th. Now, I understand some people are superstitious but, really? I’d love to meet a someone with friggatriskaidekaphobia, if only to hear them pronounce it. What a bizarre thing, and what a mental word. But there are many more!
This sense of ownership over what we imagine is surprisingly deep-seated. It should be. Our youngest years are ruled by our imaginations. Kids are highly possessive of their make-believe ideas and characters and worlds. They don’t like to be told they aren’t real. And although as adults we’ve managed to conceal that affection for our fantasies under a veneer of pragmatism, the same effect still governs our behavior at a subconscious level.
I went on a search for a clock-type screensaver and I found some gems.
Who were your parents?
VISUALS: The most horrible acts take place off-camera. I found this to be a mistake. But I understand why they did it: The focus is on how casually the antaganists do what they do. So in terms of gore: This movie is actually very low.
Log Home
So full of hope for the future,
After I posted photos of my new quilt in progress and commented that fitting the irregular modules together will be tedious, Olof asked if I could show exactly how this will occur. So here's a record of about an hour's work yesterday.
Guan Eng’s threats run contrary to the freedom of speech as advocated by the Opposition.
Wedding Location: The Mississippi Gulf Coast
Second he had posted on another forum…. “The coins will be going off soon as we have 14 days to actually hand them in, the farmer wanted to see them it’s the least we could do.” It is indeed the least they can do considering the coins aren’t their property!
Both of us had done our share of crying.
Their freedom became an issue for anti-war activist Cindy Sheehan at the 2006 Caracas World Social Forum. On March 4, she carried her commitment to campaign to free them to Ireland and Sweden.
I wore them Friday setting up my jewelry first.
I will say this: Even without the preserved lemon dressing (though I did squeeze lemon into it) and even without covering it properly and therefore hindering its potentional..it still didnt taste bad at all. I think once I perfect it, Quinoa and I will get along really well.
It certainly doesn’t cover all of us as the 99% are facing all of the cuts while the 1% increases their wealth.
Nowadays, Breitling watches have become a trend in fashion circles. They are so popular that everyone is longing for one to add to the jewelry collection. During the long development, they gradually build their reputation in watch field by the outstanding quality and unique design.
And clutched a windup doll beating on a drum for me,
2.Have Healthier Skin and Look Younger: When your skin is properly hydrated you will always look younger. Water helps to replenish skin tissues, moisturize skin and increase the elasticity in your skin.
In April, the U.S. economy added a mere 115,000 jobs, according to Bureau of Labor Statistics data released Friday. In a normal month, that would not even be enough to keep up with new entrants into the labor market. But in this economy, it was enough to drive unemployment from 8.2 percent down to 8.1 percent, the lowest point since January 2009.
The alarmed ethical theorist might speak up at this point: “Too fast.” When David Hume says “Reason is the slave of the passions,” he is making the substantial claim that logical operations are secondary and merely instrumental and that qualitative experience is the primary explanans of “ethics.” When Kant argues that all and only rational beings constitute a “kingdom of ends” he is making a substantial claim that the physical universe portrayed by science (the “phenomenal world”) is valueless qua physical, and that transcendental logical necessity is that explanans. These look to be mutually exclusive claims, and neither is compatible with Aristotle’s view that fulfilling the telos of a living human being is ultimately the aim of “ethical” behavior.
This group has the potential to develop the over 6,000 patents that have hitherto been suppressed for “national security” reasons.
So I bought some 2mm commercially dyed 100% wool felt and cut it up into rectangles, 4.5cm x 5.5 cm (1.5inches x just over 2inches ). I also bought some beautiful hand dyed 100% wool felt to use like a 'blank canvas piece', slightly smaller than the brown wool felt, onto which I could embroider my designs. The colour of this felt could be any colour, my very first creation was being made for my eldest daughter's best friend, so I chose pink. I am presently making one for my mother for her birthday, it is on a neutral 'mushroom' coloured felt. Very light blue would be another popular colour to use. It also allowed me to create a 'pocket' between the two felts, where I could once again, sew in other sacramentals, securely.
Garland plays Sonic Youth's song "Stereo Sanctity" on the show but that's just the beginning of the album Sister's connections to PKD. Stay tuned for a future post's further exploration...
Today is my Birthday... Lunch with my Mom, Sister and daughters! Then, finally, going to see "The Girl With The Dragon Tattoo" tonight. I loved the book... Hope to work in a little painting, too. I'm finishing up a portrait that I started a while back.
I have decided to start all grain homebrewing. I want to take total control of the brewing process from malted grain to drinkable beer. I have already started to build my mash tun but I am building inept so this should be interesting. I am going to a homebrew shop in LA on Saturday that sells the parts in a package designed to fit a cooler so I may just buy that rather then struggle to make something that may not work.
And 100 desert island discs, although it pains me to think of what I left off. In fact, I should probably scrap this list and start over. But that would take a lot of time.
Wave after wave of young men surged forward to take turns punching and kicking their victim.
This has been our 6th year of running Thing-a-day. We do this on a voluntary basis, and at times it has become more time-demanding than we would wish for. There is promotion, communication, design, website development, user management, etc. – all small to medium tasks that in the end add up to more than expected.
I don’t know but say I think so
Sasha takes out a packet.
To repeat, Matthew Arnold’s “Culture and Anarchy” was a response to the significant upheaval in England due to the effects of modernity. Arnold advocated for retaining some elements of English culture while enhancing it with new ideas. One of the issues I mentioned before was that Arnold viewed The Industrial Revolution as a means of financial upward mobility for the masses, but Arnold felt they lacked proper education and refinement when compared to the aristocracy. Without more sophistication, Arnold felt England’s future ruling class would degrade England’s refined cultural standards.
The blog of the Fotomuseum Winterthur (in Zurich) was launched in January this year. I'm always looking for new photo blogs to read, so I was happy to see one with the ambition to:
I had a tough time with this one, because I have a hard time seeing my style. I'm an emotional artist. My art comes and goes in an ebb and flow. I believe that part of the reason for that is because I create my best work when I am truly inspired. An idea hits me with enough force and persistence that I MUST create it. Usually my inspiration comes from a specific moment or emotion in my life. My Beach Comber piece was a good example of that. The painting has a double meaning and was created for my best friend. My nickname for her is coffee, and so the two cups with their steam shaped into a heart.
There were tips galore- and I get at least 5-6 suggestions a day. Everyone’s an expert. I know they are trying to help though.
I remember so many things, and it’s hard to tease them out and talk about them, but strange images come to mind. A photograph my father took when we were in Paris when I was 13. He took a picture of the two of us with our backs against a wall and our feet—I feel like they were up on a railing, but probably we weren’t so daring—but we were just lolling against a wall along the banks of the Seine in Paris. Now, that was nice, that was really nice; that was a nice time to be there.
Stay with me here. What if this means that Ohio, like a lot of other places, is moving away from its quaint communities that seem frozen in time? That it may speak to a larger discontent and upheaval in America? Or that things will stay the same, but more and more crime is invading them, like a lot of other places.
And know that you're blessed
After the race, a bumped into a runner I sometimes trained with and raced against during my college days during the 80's Washington University in St. Louis. We see each other once or twice a year now and catch up a bit whenever we do.
A very significant part of the story is the setting. Oh, the setting – some books use it as nothing more than feet support or something to throw their rubbish at. That is not only very rude, but it is quite lazy; not only on the authors part, but on the characters part as well. It wouldn’t kill them to go find a rubbish bin. But Sweetly does not indulge in any of these horrors. It establishes it’s setting, and then proceeds to flaunt it to every advantage until the end, where the powers that be decided that the beach would be a far more fashionable accessory, and packed off our characters into a car to search out the ocean. I suppose you might say that the treatment of the setting is a bit like the treatment of a baby born to rich parents. Ahem. Other than doing a wonderful job of supporting the book, I think it was interesting how the archetypal small town in the middle of nowhere setting was utilised. The majority of the time, the characters are trying to escape, to distance themselves from these apparently soul-sucking locations (although I do hope I’m not the first to realise they spend more time moaning about this than taking the initiative to stow away on some boat to the nearest port city.). Sweetly is an exception to this tradition, which resulted in mentors and companions booting the poor book off of their pathway and into the dark and presumably terrifying forest, infested with such scary creatures as racoons, and small rodents. I mean, the characters in Sweetly feel drawn to this small town full of whiny bigots, and want to stay there. What I appreciated about this the most, I am rather ashamed to admit, was not the change of pace, but the lack of whining.
After a further 10 minutes
Your pain is painful
There is a widespread nepotism in the Swedish society, and there is an unhealthy symbiosis between the media and the politicians.
To take another example, until recently the CEO of the Boeing Company was a man named* "Harry Stonecipher." Could we get away with that? No way--not unless we were writing a sequel to V..
“What do you want to do to me?”Ask Junsu with cold tone.
The movie is good, maybe a bit forgettable, but still good. And cute. Way better than other rom-com movies.
Alders may be considered a nuisance because of their ability to
3/4 teaspoon allspice
Sometimes you can get away without anyone really noticing the slight change or it really effecting the outcome.
Now doesn't this cover looks amazing?! I cannot wait to read it! I still haven't got a chance to read The Girl of Fire and Thorns, the first book of the series but Geianne already read it and she has nothing but good things to say about the book, see her Review of Girl of Fire and Thorns. There is still no publication date yet for this book but it will be publish this year by Greenwillow Books. And according to Rae's blog:
561210 Facilities support (management) services
Four big pavilions house the many stands of publishers and bookstores from all over the world. Strange to see stands from Cuba and Paraguay, and not from the U.K. (Politics play a part in everything, unfortunately in books and information as well.) It was great to see so many people not only interested in books, but buying them too, even mine!
The Preface and the Introduction reference Yeats and Joyce as the starting point for the anthology from which they must necessarily be excluded. Davis’ choices for earlier poets like Austin Clarke, Patrick Kavanagh and Louis MacNeice are defined by ‘the kinds of poems that have stuck in the minds of later writers.’ Those later writers’ works, especially those writing now, are defined more loosely showing the ‘range of their styles and interests.’
And love increases nations to love
a flash of morbidity.
Abortion has reached a new height in this country in recent months by the fact that a number of clinics now allow abortion purely according to gender and also allowing private clinics to seek business through television and radio advertisements.
He may suggest I blog about how weight-loss can be reflected in our change-of-shape rather than actual kg lost.
Can you see the special words that serendipitously appeared when I was assembling it? (Turn you head toward the left) See? "Joy" and "intelligent". I think it's perfect for the college student who will be using it.
Echo by Francesca Lia Block: I remember the year I decided to get serious about my writing. It was my senior year in high school, and I had to take on night classes. This novel stuck out to me whilst perusing through Barnes & Noble, and I thought, why not. I sat in my night class sneaking peeks at Echo, blown away with her lyricism, beauty, and ability to turn this ordinary world into a land of angels and magic. I knew then, I wanted to write magical realism. Each story in this novel is beautiful and heartbreaking.
For years Paramount would also be the home of Billy Wilder. Mr Wilder would make his American directorial debut at the studio with The Major and the Minor in 1942. Billy Wilder directed some of the greatest films released through Paramount, including Double Indemnity (1944), The Lost Weekend (1945), Stalag 17 (1953), and Sabrina (1954). Indeed, Paramount Pictures Inc. is as much as star of Sunset Blvd. as Gloria Swanson was, its back lot figuring prominently in the film. Sabrina would be his last film at Paramount and Billy Wilder would go onto even greater heights of success at other studios, but his long, illustrious career began at Paramount.
“It is silly that reputed media houses made mistake in a topic like GDP of Gujarat when Growth of Gujarat is a heavily debated issue.” Many tweeple raised their concern.
Associate Professor Azmi Sharom of Universiti Malaya shared Chin’s views with regard to the police action.
Vying for space between the airborne words
That scrapbooking thing has got me for sure;
JMPD OFFICER STEALS CASH FROM MOTORIST AFTER THREATS AND INTIMIDATION.
List still yet to do:
"No" I said, "Just a little poetic
Controlled burn
This recipe freezes beautifully! To freeze, place cooked, cut up pork roast in a gallon freezer bag and pour cooled sauce over all. Shake and turn the bag until the pork is well coated with the sauce. Freeze.
A newer medication that relieves the itching associated with burns as well as speeding the healing process is called dexpanthenol. Dexpanthenol helps to relieve the itching by preventing the affected skin from drying out.
See you tomorrow for another stunner from Kryssi, and a bunch of inspiration from our wonderful Teamies!!
Once again, I'm participating in the monthly 9x9 by DailyBuzz Moms. This month's theme is making a Thanksgiving Table Setting. Thanksgiving is the time when the good china and silverware comes out but when you have little ones, it isn't always the best choice. I wanted to create a kid friendly table. That was friendly enough that my kids could feel comfortable sitting at without getting told how to behave or not to break anything.
Heat a large skillet over medium high heat. (I skipped to the next step while the pan was heating, placed chicken on the grill and came back to cook vegetables). Drizzle about 1 tablespoon Extra Virgin Olive Oil in pan. Add veggies, a pinch of salt and pepper (to taste) and stir occasionally until onions become translucent. This will take about 5-10 minutes (depending on how cooked you like your veggies). Be careful that you do not over cook or under cook the vegetables.
I'm always looking for an excuse to buy Texas beers, and the only regularly offered mixed sixer in the state gives me just that. More bang for the buck, and it's been a while since I bought this one. I'm hoping their past infection/carbonation issues (or whatever it was that was causing them to foam or be funky) are handled.
Happy Sunday! Welcome to my first ever scrapbook post! I am so very, very far behind on my scrapbooking. I think if I commit myself to posting a scrapbook page at least once a month then might be able to stay up to date with the more recent events...maybe... Anyway, first up is Thanksgiving.
Pure organic maple syrup is supposed to have many nutrients as well, but you have to really research which brand you'll purchase to make sure that it's absolutely 100% pure (rather than maple syrup + corn syrup or table sugar) and that formaldehyde tablets have not been used to keep taps open longer during the seasonal flow. It's also pricey since it takes an astronomical quantity of sap to end up with just a small amount of syrup.
Lovely. So, not only does my childish age make me play the game, but my sinister adult sense of humor makes me see evil in it. I may need professional help. Thorazine, I choose you!
Think of a specific way you'd like to greet your spouse today. Do it with enthusiasm and a smile.
I have smoked for 18 years. I have been embarrassed about it for the last 4 or 5 years and have wanted to quit but knew I wasn't ready to do it yet. On Jan 4th I woke up and had a smoke then threw out the rest of the pack and have not looked back. Today has been 2 weeks and I am so proud of myself! I have not once wanted to have a smoke and I am excited to start this new part of my life.
Seam Binding: Scrapnkris ETSY Store
90. “No one can make you feel inferior without your consent.” – Eleanor Roosevelt
It’s all about starting them young and here is my daughter aged about ten months with one of her first ‘board books’. These were sturdily made, in order to withstand the trauma of being handled by pudgy infant fingers smeared with Marmite or jam. She soon learned that any book was worth grabbing from the shelf. At this age she learned to treat books with respect, turning the pages carefully and enjoying the sensation of new delights as she did so; what pictures would be next? And what were those funny squiggles? They don’t look quite so interesting, but Mummy and Daddy manage to turn them into exciting stories for me, so there must be something in it!
Paired with-
Whenever the bus is late I really regret having to catch it at all. I am off to Ilkley, without any desire, earning £41 once I’ve paid for transit. Yesterday it was £7 return to Harrogate. Is it really worth flogging myself for an hour just to pay to get to work?
Fortunately is was to be published in Tatting Times the tatting periodical of Karey Solomon.
3. Is there an onsite company that manages your network or is it managed remotely?
Corrupt Kruger’s successor will be chosen in precisely the same manner he was — by party leaders, who tapped him in a special election in 1994.(The turnout back then was just over 2 percent; he won with a whopping 85 percent of the vote — all 3,044 of them.) Nothing, it seems, ever
This statement does not accurately describe the true mission, which is more accurately described as: secure and guarantee U.S. access to vital energy sources and distribution channels while containing China’s growing superpower status. That is what “a stable and secure African environment in support of U.S. foreign policy” means. Stable and secure does not mean stable and secure for the people of Africa. It means stable and secure for US energy needs and policy objectives. An example of the difference is the elections a year ago in Kenya, where the US decided it preferred to continue dealing with President Kibaki, a known quantity with whom they were comfortable, and did not want to allow the possibility that the opposition might be democratically elected. So the US supported a Coup in Kenya.
Matt Simpson from the ACLUTX said the Legislature should get a chance to evaluate the proposed feasibility study before implementation in order make an informed decision, given that the scope of authority, etc., is uncertain even according to the expert testimony. That sounds to me like a terrific suggestion. Evaluate the study you're mandating before leaping into this. Simpson also suggested that the state look at the cost-benefit analysis for federal checkpoints - how much cash they receive vs. expenses, etc. - before assuming that southbound checkpoints will generate profit. Another good point.
Celery (3-5 stalks)
It did give Mark a bit of a laugh though, and he wanted to go and rescue Abbie from “that utter slag”, but I stopped him. Maybe an “utter slag” is exactly what Abbie needs since it’s doubtful that either of them would rush off to the town registry in the week to come.
Women definitely get the short end of the cock -uh stick on this topic.
Tonight is the beginning of the end of the disappointments of the Obama years and the start of a new and better chapter that we will write together.
We tried seven stores & I spent a total of $4.25. I found one store, however, with a huge selection of vintage children's books that were on sale for 25 cents apiece. I cannot resist old children's books, they get me in the gotcha.
the manifestation
Like:
I headed out to the barn on Sunday eager to ride Prince again and continue our long walking conditioning. I was also determined to work on Prince's solo trail horse confidence. My goal was to get him slightly farther down the road then we had gotten the day before (which was, um, not even off the property).
This was a pretty racy dish for some, using an entire front half of a wild hare including the heart, lungs, head and the creature's blood. It also involved a large piece of foie gras......
General elections for a new president were planned to go ahead next month, but after recent events it seems these elections may have to wait another while yet. The next step must be to bring stability and order back to a country that saw many years of turmoil following its independence from France in 1960, but has seen better times in the past two decades. Since a democracy was established in 1992 the country has been more stable and many will be hoping for a quick resolution to recent events.
Sue, congratulations!!!
5 complexity
So much for the struggling artist.
Pour into the pan and spread evenly. Bake for 25-30 minutes or until a toothpick comes out clean. Allow to cool on a wire rack.
Shimmerz Products Used in this Video:
Senayan, Jakarta Pusat
How about you...Are you a sucker for seersucker?
Thanks to the trail paved in Weiss’ book, we did some further digging into the money cartel financing this “spontaneous” outpouring of campus and Tea Party interest in Rand, whose work is regularly considered by top academics to be mediocre and simpleminded.
A two week residency at Cortijada Los Gázquez / Joya: arte + ecología, Andalucía, Spain including travel costs within Europe (not accommodation while in transit). Winners from outside of Europe can have their travel expenses paid once they are within the EU.
Pitcher
Pierson is not a concrete poet – he does not try to locate the essence of words in the essence of a material. He does not simply want an object to become a word, a word an object. He instead is a poet with a really firm understanding of the sub-textual potential of language and materials. All of the broken stuff that becomes his signs bring with them the ghosts of their former meanings, they all have the aftertaste of the world they no longer have.
I am honored to be one of the participating artists in the Arte de los Brazos Art Show & Sale at Possum Kingdom Lake. This is a community that survived record breaking fire storms last year. The dates are April 14-22, 2012.
Pinterest is a visual social networking site. Members "pin" images or even videos to their pin boards. Membership is free, so you might as well check it out. And, like everything else, there is an app for that.
Santa Fe was just beneath the surface of the water. Even with the scope raised, a short pole of only about 2 feet would be visible above the surface. Still, the surface was quite smooth today and even at our slow speed our periscope could be visible. We’d raise the periscope for just a few seconds, rapidly look around, and lower it again.
Wayne Lai was not the TV King when he filmed this few years ago. But still, he delivered a very strong performance as the main villain of this drama. His expression and aggressiveness in the drama makes him fit very well to that character. Kent Cheng as Dik Yan-kit also did quite a good job in the drama, but he still don’t perform really well in some parts because his face hardly shows great amount of expression (especially on crying scenes). Credit is given to Rebecca Chan portraying as the Empress Regnant, Mou Ze-tian. Eventhough it is a supporting character in the drama, but she nailed the character with ‘power’.
in all the hard cavities so carefully whittled and worn down,
9 chocolate bars
i've also still managed to turn our nice clean kitchen and living room into a disaster in four short hours. i'm good like that. hopefully the banana-chocolate-chip-muffins will soften the blow when John gets home. :)
Sundays - New Challenge
This could be integrated into your current infrastructure and extend your routing system all the way to the browser.
Mind you I still don’t know what that privilege is. One time when I was young and very poor I was late on my light bill. I showed the electric company my balls, but they cut my power off anyway. Maybe they weren’t big enough, since I am an MRA and all, but it didn’t even buy me one minute past the deadline. I was male powerful, but I had no power. Go figure.
"I'd rather not comment on that," said Weprin, who was named committee chairman by Silver. '
ago, which mentioned a drunk man in a truck,
Although we have yet to meet, that will change very soon. Roxanne will be making the cross country trek from Oregon to New York to be part of my Artist Panel at The Ink Pad later this month. I am looking forward to experiencing her magic in person.
let me know you are a follower of my blog....
~Oscar Wilde
It seems this man was continually with Paul for he is mentioned once again in Acts 20:4 with the party in Greece. Although his name is not mentioned it is safe to say that he was in Paul’s company as mentioned in Acts 21:8. It seems that this faithful man stayed with the apostle all the way for while in the Roman prison, as seen in Colossians 4:10, Aristarchus was with him.
Right now, my current fad is granola and yogurt. I've been making my own homemade yogurt (low-fat and unsweetened) and my own granola. As for the yogurt, the experimentation was a few years back, so I've more or less settled on my usual technique. No one in the family is willing to eat my yogurt because they think it is too sour :( But that's the way I like it - natural yogurt tastes like that! So anyway, as for the granola, I've probably tried more than 10 granola recipes and am still experimenting. No one in my family eats that either, so I've to slowly make my way through the granola before making a new batch. I'm currently eating a banana-hazelnut granola and an olive oil-raisin-assorted nuts granola, both of which are so different and taste so good together!
Available from Deveney's of Dundrum.
I don't have the time and energy for a real post, so here's some music to while away a few moments.
You wouldn’t want to be in Nocent; the people are so poor.
“O you who wraps himself (in clothing). Arise to pray the night except for a little. half of it or subtract from it a little. Or add to it, and recite the Quran with measured recitation…… …. And remember the name of thy Lord and devote yourself to Him with complete devotion. He is the Lord of the East and the West; their is no deity except Him, so take Him as Disposer of your Affairs. And be patient over what they say and avoid them with gracious avoidance. And leave Me with the matter of denier, those of ease in life and allow them respite a little…….”
Then I waited. It wasn’t long before the first casualty staggered downstairs, coughing and blinking.
This craft is soooo easy to do! Just fold some paper in half, cut out a heart, glue it down, and trace around it with a marker. Then write "Saints, Our Heavenly Family". Have the kids cut out and glue down pictures of the saints in the heart. You can use holy cards, print pictures from the internet, or cut up some of your Catholic catalogs you have lying around. We used our Autom Catalog.
Abide and love
Everything to Gain by Barbara Taylor Bradford
Which reminds me . . .
When the waitress took their order they said they wanted to inspect the raw piece of beef first to "see if it was marbled to their satisfaction."
So, if you are ready to begin, let me take you by the hand and take you into another world.
I had a much better time this month with Ursula LeGuin's "The Lathe of Heaven," which Alex has been trying to get me to read for TWENTY YEARS (yes, that is how long we have been together).
"I love you". "So long". "Promise me we'll meet again". "Don't go"...
As you can see this tan has came out a beautiful deep colour. Baring in mind i applied it and then a second application about 5 days later so it is slightly darker than the first application.
It is such a special place to live and experience. We are very, very lucky.
The 15-year FRM, a popular refinancing choice, averaged 3.07%, slightly falling from last week when it averaged 3.12%. A year ago, the average rate for a 15-year FRM was 3.89%.
39And we are witnesses of all the things which he did in the country of the Jews and in Jerusalem; whom they put to death, hanging him on a tree.
Can't wait to see what HobbyBaby has to offer in it's upcoming remodel!
How difficult is that to understand? There is no difference between Jew and Greek (gentile). No difference means no difference doesn’t it? There is no difference in the requirements for Jew or gentile. Both are required to come by way of calling upon the name of the Lord.
Upon her arrival in Rio de Janeiro, she stumbled off the plane, her hair not “made,” her nails unpolished. A total wreck in Brazilian terms. She kissed the ground. And she told her story.
1) Stick with it and don’t get discouraged.
It’s Islamic New Year tomorrow! Wahey! And it would frankly just be rude not to commemorate this momentous occasion.
“Try and do the best you can, hold on and let Him hold your hand,
Anyway, I have a busy week ahead. Along with working different events for opening week, classes starting, and painting to do, I'm able to go back to my middle school volleyball girls! I've missed them and can't wait to get back on track.
Well, it made sense (the mouse's being outside the car, that is, not the standing part). He (or she) had obviously been able to get into the car weeks earlier, so there had to be a way out. I stayed where I was, roughly twenty feet away from car and mouse, while I finished my cigarette. The mouse and I even made eye contact a few times, or so I thought. During those several minutes, li'l mouse didn't move from its position! Finally I went back inside, assuming that my little escapee would end up scurrying into a nearby wooded area to live out the remainder of his/her life.
I’ve also been thinking that maybe it would just be easier if I accepted my size. Maybe I need to realize that I am big and that it’s not the end of the world. Maybe my focus on weight is the problem. I wonder if I just accepted myself and worked on feeling good about other aspects of my life the weight issue would recede. I am so obsessed with the weight that I can’t see the other good things in my life.
The al-Shabab masterminds were led by, among others, Adan Hashi Ayro - the group's military leader who was killed in a US missile attack on May 1 2009. It is believed that Adan Ayro and his fellow al-Shabab patrons were trained in Afghanistan. They built the al-Shabab on the tenets of the Taliban - the former rulers of Afghanistan. The al-Shabab first emerged when they began combatting criminal gangs who had been in control of Mogadishu's roads - in effect, modern-day highwaymen.
Top Ten Recent Happenings in Burlesonville (in no particular order):
“Veils were once thought to hide brides from evil spirits and were often opaque. Most modern veils are sheer and often serve to accent or highlight a bride’s beauty than hide it. The vintage trend has popularized the short birdcage veil and many brides are still influenced by Kate Middleton’s wedding style, which has made veils a hot hair accessory,” said media contact Harper Butler.
Never knowin' what love could be
America voted in a democratic Black president!
I had a hard time coming up with the subject, and it was sort of last minute, but apparently I nailed it. Don Giannetti thought all of the assignments turned in were fantastic.
On Human Ebay there’s an option to click on “what you’re looking for”. There’s nothing along the lines of “Let’s see how it goes shall we?” The choices are Long Term (hmmm, Fatal Attraction again), Activity Partner (um….what kind of activity? ), Intimate Encounter (ah, the last one obviously means sport of some kind, definitely not ticking that one. What’s this intimate encounter though? Would any woman in her right mind admit this unless she was touting for business at Ipswich Docks?), Hang Out (What does that mean exactly? Isn’t that what teenagers do in bus shelters? Would I need to turn up with 10 B&H and a pack of Haribos?) The last category was Dating (that’s what I put, seemed the most reasonable given that I didn’t fit any of the other categories and hopefully it would cover all eventualities).
“Say you’ve got a _______ who needs __________ for _________……………..Even before you start, you need to make some judgements…………. You have to decide which ____________ to use or whether to abandon the ____________approach and do _________ the traditional way………..Then you’d have to decide whether you need additional ___________ or maybe it’s time to enlist _________.”
Secondly, Gasoline mowers can run longer on a single tank of gas compared to a single charge of a cordless mower. This shouldn’t be an situation if your lawn is typical in size. Only users with really significant lawns should stick to making use of gasoline mowers.
To her you are weightless
I tried my best to keep track of the set list as it went, but doing work is no way to enjoy a concert. Everything, as I said, sounded great! Noel had a nice mix of current stuff, which to me is better than the vast majority of his Oasis work, a few of the Oasis hits and a nice bunch of Oasis b-sides. Here’s the set list (probably not in exact order) as best as I can remember:
From 66th street I walk down Broadway to the southern tip of Manhattan. Along the way I get the different flavors of a single street. Midtown's large commercial buildings with glossy windows. The frenetic ads and crowds in Times Square. Further south, Macy's, construction, small businesses topped by apartments, a few parks and squares floating in a cloud of pink blossoms. NYU's campus, more stores (some closed and papered over), the horizontal streets no longer numbered. Old Manhattan - churches and graveyards, Wall Street, then Bowling Green and Battery Park. Beyond that the harbor, gray and windy.
Ahem...while you're there, let him know I got this post up just before the bell. Whew!
In some ways it is the best of both worlds. I get to decide the flavour of the stories I want, the topic and the style. But I also get to read great stories sent to me from all over the world.
I thought it'd be fun to share with you the opening of my NaNo book. The story is currently entitled, WESTRIDGE, which is about an all boy rehab facility that has an uncanny success rate. The boys are coming out perfect. Too perfect.
We have to look back at what Jesus said of the scribes and pharisees; the false teachers of His day…
To reiterate: as far as I can tell, the BSA did not challenge the accuracy of the data that the paper presented.
The Maori have three words that kind of point to definition of BLISS. Maybe it's complicated in their language because BLISS is complicated.
It was then that Lido noticed a light was coming toward them from the bottom of the stairs to the left of the corridor they were now standing. They heard feet running. They made a dash for the far end of the corridor where the secret door was, but Hobbits are not so fast as men, nor did they have any light by which to see, and so it was that they found themselves quickly surrounded and captured by three grave young men with long black braided pony tails, each dressed in a black button down uniform with white cuffs. Lido looked to see if they were carrying weapons, but their hands were empty.
TheAlmighty @noah #Flood coming. Build #ark. Make it big. Do it now.
This is the first stanza and chorus of one of my favorite songs. It is called As The Deer, and the first stanza is based on Psalm 42:1&2. “As the deer pants for streams of water, so my soul pants for you. My soul thirsts for God, for the living God, when can I go and meet with God?”
Stay tuned for future writing exercises, training and so on!
She added that the ongoing operation to recover the bodies would have been slowed down as rescuers would have faced the risk of being injured themselves by further bombs.
“People don’t realize is even if you’re a stay-at-home mom or dad, you contribute to your family with the valuable services that you provide like cooking, cleaning and driving the kids around town. It all adds up! With more than one life insurance policy in place, your family would be protected if something devastating were to happen.”
Sunday... L'Isle sur la Sorgue... one of the best flea markets in Provence... (and where I always find something fabulous to tempt me)...
Do you have a fire plan?
Currently, an applicant may request an interview prior to a first action. Granting of an interview is within the discretion of the examiner who has not yet reviewed the case, and the applicant may be required to identify relevant documents and explain how the invention is patentable over these documents.
"From each according to his ability, to each according to his need" is another long-standing socialist slogan. It means what it says: that men and women will freely take part in social production to the best of their abilities and freely take from the fruits of their common labour whatever they need.
Here's a few reasons why you should wait for the handicapped stall when using the restroom with 2 small children.
Walking too fast to take a photo of the beautiful Rose.
Day and Blink182 songs together for a while, so I asked him and some of
Why is the Church described as catholic?
The GW Fins’ dress code is
she ain’t no hoe
i'm not actually feeling as stressed as this reads. just a little bit highly strung.
In some instances, the report said, departments had charged employees with misconduct and discharged them or issued warnings.
As for the views of our Bundesmole on events in Paris – only partially supported by sources there yesterday – it now also looks increasingly certain that things are as desperate as alleged: the FT this morning asserts that the Germanic haircut demand ‘has split the eurozone with France and the European Central Bank leading the opposition’. There are two obvious reasons for this: Jean-Claude Trichet’s deep reluctance to have any more haircuts (again, see the Slog piece of yesterday); and President Sarkozy’s rising state of terror in relation to the French State’s obligation to meet major banking losses directly. New York sources told me last night that a big downgrade of France’s credit rating is now “almost a dead cert”.
Fleetwood Mac Big love UK
A World of Trouble by Patrick Tyler ($18.00, Farrar, Straus and Giroux, softcover) is a great book for those interested in both American politics and the on-going strife in the Middle East. It is subtitled “The White House and the Middle East—from the Cold War to the War on Terror.” Tyler has reported extensively from both the Middle East and Washington, D.C. for The New York Times and The Washington Post. He is a splendid historian, documenting how presidents from Eisenhower to Bush were continually confounded by events and personalities in the Middle East. Some had some experience to draw upon, others knew little of the region and its history. LBJ was distracted by the war in Vietnam, most tried and failed to resolve the hostility of Israel’s neighbors to its very existence. In sum, this book, page by page, is filled with the insider details of the Oval office and its advisors who grappled, year after year, decade after decade with a region operating from seventh century attitudes and practices. In a comparable fashion, I enjoyed Great Negotiations: Agreements that Changed the Modern World by Fredrik Stanton ($26.00, Westholme Publishing, Yardley, PA). There have clearly been and still are times when all the sanctions and negotiations cannot deter a nation hell bent on war or some other mischief. That said, history is filled with examples where negotiations have averted conflict or secured the end of a conflict. The author takes one on a tour of diplomacy in the modern area from the Cuban Missile Crisis in 1962, back to the Treaty of Versailles after World War One that created many of the problems with us today. From Benjamin Franklin who secured vital French support for the American Revolution to Reagan and Gorbachev laying the groundwork to eliminate an entire class of nuclear weapons, the author explains what each party brought to the negotiating table, the stakes, the obstacles to success, and how they were overcome.
photos and came across this one that
To kick things off I thought I'd start with a recipe for homemade Nutella. I've actually made two different versions. One can be found at the Oh Nuts blog--that recipe uses melted chocolate and condensed milk, and has a smoother, fudgier texture. That blog post has step-by-step photos for making Nutella, if you're new to this sort of thing.
I don’t win out of turn, but when I do, I salute the crowd. Once I got carried away after nosing out a broom-handle-up-her-arse woman in a stiff white power suit, and I made it all the way to the National Gallery before realising I needed to get back to scale.
el-Rufai also advised the government to tackle corruption, unemployment as well as allow true federalism which will allow states to have more powers than the federal and ultimately allow states to live within their means.
Yes, I've been THAT busy... with life in general, with baking, and... with training for my first 10 mile race, The Broad Street Run!
I didn't actually bake anything for Valentine's day like I did last year. I did however think this would be a time to share something I tried while I was in Hawaii not too long ago. While the temperature is warmer this week, it dipped way down again other week. Two Fridays ago it was -40 Celsius with the windchill....brrrrr....That is a good 70 degrees colder than it was when I was in Hawaii! (I want to go back!!!!) One day while wandering through one of the many ABC stores, not sure of what I wanted to snack on, I happened upon this small heating/keep stuff warm unit. Inside were these little curious bundles...I just had to try one. Turns out that if you take a piece of Spam, dip it in teriyaki sauce, pair it with some sticky rice, and wrap it in nori, you get a tasty little fast sushi style snack!!
2 ounces (60 grams) Candied orange peel - chopped (optional) (How to make candied orange peels can be found here.)
I love Sue’s character. She is a mystery writer and takes her research seriously. She has a lot of secrets which gives Jason something to find. I like how Craig creates Sue’s character to witty and sarcastic and Jason’s as charming and a little pig headed. Together they make the pages sizzle.
family and friends followed, with of course the necessary cask visit to Bruichladdich distillery, which always comes at this time of year, as wee Hughie gathers the farming fraternity to sample his cask and see how the amber nectar is maturing. This year it seems to be maturing particularly well going on the state of the Happy Farmer and his cousin upon their return to farmland. The cousin went for a short nap and did not surface again until the next day. Stories are gradually pouring forth as the days unfold and the blurry haze is becoming one of clarity with fine tales of balancing garden fences crashing, and the case of the missing spectacles, which incidentally still have not turned up, in fact if you do happen to be visiting a butcher’s shop in Tiree be sure not to mention glasses, whisky or otherwise. I am actually beginning to wonder if there will indeed be any whisky left in that cask for next year’s gleeful reunion.
The situation by noon on May 4 had largely stabilized as follows: All major and most minor Muslim ghettoes were now surrounded by an as-yet chaotic mixture of army, police and militia forces. The abovementioned no-go zones, a series of rings between one to three blocks in thickness around each ghetto, were now empty of people, with many of the buildings having been gutted by fire and looting. The political scene was still in flux, it being unclear to what extent civilian leaders retained effective control of the military or police forces, which made few serious attempts to disarm the militias.
For the first part of this article I want to highlight some of the reasons I pass up on reviewing an author service company. Usually it is for a multitude of the below reasons which bars them. I will try as best I can to list the points I pass up on a company based on importance.
We left the mountains and headed to the Kwa Zulu Natal Midlands, located, amazingly enough, more or less in the middle of the province. A rural area of rolling hills. Very English. This is the heart of the old Natal colony. As we approached, I could feel my upper lip stiffening. We had to physically restrain each other from uttering things like “jolly good view, what what?”.
My morning has started off fabulously!!! I sat down to read emails and to my surprise I am featured this week on Teacher's Notebook. I also hit over 400 followers. The blogging world has changed my life. I am truly thankful to all of the bloggers and followers that have helped me to be a better blogger and teacher. To show my appreciation, My Teacher's Notebook Store is all on-sale and I'm also having a giveaway over there too.
Because they get to the doing quicker.
Make way for the Chinese New Year!
Shopping is something that I really enjoy doing. I take my time and try to pick out just the right thing for everyone. The purchases that I make for myself are few and far between, but when it comes to the things I regret purchasing...they were generally purchased for me!
When a Hollywood scandal leaves her life and her marriage in ruins, Blythe Stowe escapes to the wild coast of Cornwall and a cottage by the sea. There she finds herself both physically drawn to her handsome neighbor, Lucas Teague, and literally drawn into a haunting 200-yearold love story as an elaborate family tree on his study wall sends her rushing back into the past. As Blythe struggles to make sense of what is happening and discovers family secrets that have been long concealed, she realizes
national contingents deployed to
Green, related to nature, is considered tranquil and refreshing. Perhaps due to the Irish it is also considered lucky. Being in the centre of the colour spectrum, it is the colour of balance.
Sorry for being a bad blogger - did try and post this via my IPad, but will have to investigate better how to get it to work as some of the buttons don't seem to like the IPad (hey ho).
But I noticed *** is void of a hymen...I noticed it about 6 weeks ago...the more I think of it the more I worry on many levels. I emailed her Pedi. Can't find anything online if this is normal or not other than after you lose your virginity (which I can't even go there w/o feeling ill). There does not appear to be any trauma or assault to the area (yes I check my kids over daily when not in the care of a family member, nothing strange just a quick once over at bath or diaper change.) I would only notice the difference if I did not have another girl to compare to.
Gift: Piety (Reverence) – With the gift of reverence, sometimes called piety, we have a deep sense of respect for God and the Church. A person with reverence recognizes our total reliance on God and comes before God with humility, trust, and love.
The summer that OG turned three was such an eye-opener for me. I had so looked forward to spending that summer taking her to the park, to swim lessons, Symphony Square, the library, etc. And, yes, we did all of those things, but in my memory, each event was punctuated by a nightmarish temper tantrum. It was that summer that I really thought that one of us was NOT GOING TO MAKE IT.
This is the true question. The Mayan calendar ends on December 21st 2012 – but why are so many people afraid of this date? What is the big deal?
mr youse needn't be so spry
The shaped card base was made using the largest of my new Labels framelits dies. I used the same die to make a mask out of two post it notes which I put into place before running the wheel across the centre of the card twice. The large flower image was stamped over the top. I didn't want to add a sentiment so I thought a little bakers twine across the top would bring balance to the card. (I can't tell you how hard it was to stop myself from typing 'bring balance to the force' then - my boys have been such Star Wars fans!)
I think in all the years I drove I had perhaps 1 or 2 weeks where I was glad to be back. The rest, I loved.
Insert the little silver ball into the cab of the plastic firetruck and shut the door.
1 awake
Personal Projects: Yes! We watched the Godfather Trilogy on April first. All the way through, oof. We propped up the tv on a box since we had no fewer than TWELVE people crammed into our not-that-big living room. I liked Part II the best, and I see why people hate on the third one so much (Sofia Coppola may be the worst actress of all time).
“I’m going to be good”.
In the last few years, I’ve noticed an increasing dearth of setting in the manuscripts crossing my desk. Writers are focusing on voice and plot and character arcs, and on fresh, marketable hooks—and rightly so, as these are all integral storytelling elements.
It happened again today
ingredients; add to butter mixture alternately with buttermilk, beginning and ending with flour mixture. Beat at low speed just until blended after each addition. Pour batter into a greased and floured 12-cup Bundt pan.
Thank you for sharing this deal with me.
The customs agent looked down on me from his high perch. “I’m from Borneo.” He flipped through my passport. “So you live here?”
Tried again today. Here were some of the thoughts going through my head:
Judging on the prices you will need to shop around if you want this book, and will probably need to buy it used (unless you’re up for $413 for a new book). I paid £25 from a bookshop in Scotland in 2006.
Make some space in your life for you, a time to nurture yourself: and start today.
Agent: What happened then?
There are limits, though. Ask Westly anytime, anywhere what the one rule is about guns and he'll tell you... "DON'T SHOOT GIRLS!!!!!"
Mr Livingstone spent £135.94 on a desk lamp, £41.25 on a shirt, £42 for an ‘emergency passport’, and £23.87 on water at a Paris hotel overlooking the Eiffel Tower.
this man led a truly remarkable life - and a good portion of it was spend expanding the borders of our first amendment rights.
MOONDOGGIE: Me too. I'm bummed too!
I told him that I am an alcoholic, who has found peace.
3. Do you seriously think that parents have control of every aspect of their children's development? Are you implying that my son's development issues were because my husband I and I were negligent in some fashion?
First, her allowance is not tied to chores since she is expected to do her chores anyway. Neither will it be tied to grades in the future (a hot topic: hubby thinks it would have helped him in school to be paid for grades; I liked school enough that paying me would not have mattered). I believe that paying for chores (except perhaps something extra done by the child) or grades suggests that one should get paid for doing what one should do anyway.
You mean you can’t get drinking water here?
We did a few walkabouts trying to link trails in different combinations and we were having fun. Gunhill was barely touched. The extreme skiers right under Beta lift by the trees was thin, but very sweet. We were on our way to lower Racer’s via Cliff and Bleeker when mishap befell!!. As we came off Cliff I moved to hit that powder line between Cliff and Hellgate. I turned to get right under the lift and by one of the snowguns, hiden by the fresh snow was a huge snow snake. I ran both skis into its side and did a double eject into a forward front roll landing on my head first and then my legs flew past. What were all those cracking sounds I heard coming from my neck? Fireman John was right there ready to call 911 and I have to admit the stars were out and floating about , but like a true legend I stood up, moved my neck back and forth a couple times to make sure it wasn’t broken, dusted myself off and clicked back in. Took one more run after that and then told the boys I was having an Excedrin moment and would see them in the am.
What do you think we should do?
But there’s no escaping it all is there?
When you find yourself down, ask yourself what is "Different, but Better" in your life?
At that time, and in the area where we lived, the people who lived in the park were other families just like us – families where the father worked; the mother cooked, cleaned, and hung clothes on the line to dry. The kids – well they had lots of friends (more than enough for a game of anything). If there were people anywhere who thought we were poor, or that we were trash, we didn’t know about it.
Adviser: Right, but see, women are humans.
How can anyone justify such a random act of violence against any other human being?
and asked, “Will you marry me?”
Thanks for stopping by! I hope you enjoyed my project!
She moved him to a Waldorf kindergarten run by The Waldorf Steiner Education Association Singapore but when it came to primary school, she was stumped. There were no options; it was the ‘traditional’ school or home schooling or no schooling.
Omega! The grand and glorious
I'm already at half my usual Xanax dose. I do not feel any more stressed at all. Not in the least.
Oh see, love and be
And we came upon some beautiful orange tiger-lilies. I thought we should pick some and take them back to our parents. "I tried that once", she said casually, "...but a whole swarm of bees started following me, and I had to drop the flowers so i could run faster." I was so grateful that she had saved me from being stung to death.
The recipe below is the result of all that. I’ve been baking bread almost every day since Christmas 2007.
Mix 2oz (60 grams) melted butter together with 2 oz sugar, 4oz (115 grams) coconut. Sprinkle over choko mixture and bake in a moderate oven till cooked and brown - about 30 - 45 minutes.
It’s not a book that was meant to be funny, but it really doesn’t need any humor. The characters are molded so well and the plot never slows down, but it’s not a book that needs comedy to keep you hooked. Even with all of the drama (criminal and personal), I never felt bogged down because of a lack of comedy. It was perfect.
And you're back out on the street.
130-200- Ezra Furman & The Harpoons
The issue isn’t whether what was shown were the best bits, but why the people aren’t getting news completely as it is without tampering.
Let them flow away as waters which run continually;
The background is pieced together using a pattern you can find here at Mel Stampz. She really offers some awesome freebies. I added a few little punched shells that were painted with Pearl Perfect pearls and a little Glimmer Mist.
I'm learning more and more to embrace the everyday(ness) of our home.
But languages constantly evolve and I think terms like the ones in Mashable’s list although sometimes ridiculous, show the creativity and humour in language. And in the right context using completely new, colourful and funny language can be very effective. For example humour and a relaxed attitude to language can brighten up dull presentations and make them much more memorable – and personal. I often found the university lectures that were the most engaging and memorable were the ones in which the lecturers didn’t just read out notes written in proper English, but who improvised, used the language as they would do talking normally and who used humour.
I have had in my possession for a while now this beautiful 8 1/2 x 11 inch Epsilon Series hardbound sketch book from Stillman and Birn. I pick it up from time to time - open it slowly - smell the paper - feel the smooth surface - bend the pages back and forth - then close it back up and put it on the shelf~ Where to begin... hummm...
He has a lot fucking sweeter car.
EMMA’S STORY UNFOLDS
Now that winter is over and spring is here, I feel like I could use a facial. Although there are numerous places to get one, most start at around $95. It's wonderful spending a morning or afternoon getting pampered at a spa but I don't always have the time or feel like spending the money.
1 TBSP soy sauce
First off, why didn't someone tell me about how great Cedar Creek was.
Thanks MOM and Sean!! I love you both!
The first person narrator, Frank, and his childhood sweetheart Rosie arranged to run away together to England when they were young teenagers. He went to their secret rendezvous. She never turned up. Frank was devastated and has not got over that day. He’s a policeman, he’s been married, had a child and is now separated from his wife. And all these years later, the house in Faithful Place where Frank and Rosie were going to meet is being demolished. Rosie’s suitcase is discovered. How did it get there? And where is Rosie and did Frank have anything to do with her disappearance?
Governor Romney, you criticized Speaker Gingrich for not being as close to Ronald Reagan as he says he was. When you ran for the Senate, you said you were, quote, “You weren’t trying to return to Reagan-Bush.”
After a quick stop in at Pinkberry (my new obsession, more on that later) for breakfast, we headed up to the Nederlander Theatre where the musical ‘Newsies’ has just opened. Friends of mine at home encouraged me to go and see it on Broadway if I had the chance, but the tickets are pricey, and with it just having opened (for a limited engagement), almost sold out. We headed to the lottery… and BINGO, I won! Pretty exciting, since although I have been to a lot of shows on lottery tickets, rarely is it my name that is called!
who I kiss.
But if you are not afraid to question everything, then you will have a chance to become everything that you were always meant to be.
Admittedly, there are words whose retirement I freely applaud. Almost any word that begins with “cow” and refers to a human character trait probably falls into this category. Cowhanded, well that’s not so bad. It just means that someone is awkward or clumsy. Makes sense to me. But cowfyne? Supposedly, it was a term of endearment for one’s darling (along with pigsnye or snoutfair), but it doesn’t sound like much of a compliment to me, no matter where you put the emphasis. Call me what you will, but if my hubby ever whispered in my ear, “My sweet little turnip, how cowfyne you are to me,” I’d probably clapperclaw him.
In tears of resignation, I conceded, “I appreciate Your love, Lord, but all I really want is a wife.” I still believed that my heart needed the affection of a person in order to feel complete. In essence, I valued human love more than God’s love.
to memories everlong
It’s funny, I mean I wouldn’t say I’m horrible at bowling, nor am I the greatest to ever bowl a perfect game, because that never happened. Frankly I think it’s quite impossible for me because of my lack of coordination. Plus I like to fall down; I’m a hazard to the common people. But I’ve noticed that girls will get all shy and nervous when they’re bowling or playing pool just because we don’t want to appear horrible at those activities. And we’ll take advice, and completely miss the eight ball when you had a perfect shot, because that is what we do. We get nervous and fail at life. Perhaps not so drastic as life, but at bowling or playing pool.
Senor Blues by Urbie Green: By this time, Urbie Green had recorded countless sessions, quite a few solo albums on the Command and Project 3 labels (including a 1974 album arranged by Claus Ogerman) and was Antonio Carlos Jobim's trombonist of choice (he's spectacularly subtle on all of Jobim's Creed Taylor productions on Verve, A&M and CTI). But by the time of his second and last CTI album, he remained unknown - even to hardcore jazz fans. Senor Blues should have changed all that. But tremendous as it is, it didn't. David Matthews provides sterling charts for Green, but sadly no originals. Whether guided by his artistic temperament or Taylor's command, Matthews was trying his hand at a large scale jazz sound that harked all the way back to the early 1960s dates Taylor helmed at Verve (check out Art Farmer's less successful Something You Got for additional evidence). By 1977, these sorts of things had completely gone away, sublimated by electrified fusion (at the major labels) or acoustic small group jazz (at the small labels). Green and Matthews concocted a menu that doesn't sound appetizing at first, but is scintillating upon listening, including jazz classics like Corea's "Captain Marvel," Mingus' "Ysabel's Table Dance," Silver's "Senor Blues" and recent pop covers of "You Are So Beautiful," "I'm In You" and a stunning take of Stevie Wonder's "I Wish" (featuring an early cameo by John Scofield), which is easily enjoyed over and over again. Grover Washington, Jr. is beautifully positioned throughout to compliment Green's munificent and mellifluous stylings. It's a shame that Senor Blues didn't make Urbie Green the star he deserves to be. This is a buried treasure in David Matthews' catalog as well.
My grandma made it for me. :)
So the ritual was symbolic; one goat would have its life sacrificed to cleanse the Israelites of sin. The other goat would have the sins of the people placed on it and sent away.
This is a definite an urgent “must do”! I’ve been asked to knit some pure wool baby soakers for a natural nappy network – which I’m really looking forward to, especially as this might become a regular income stream. However I’ve been asked to price up and offer both lanolised and non-lanolised versions. I understand the principle of lanolising as it means the moisture evaporates keeping baby’s bottom and the lap of the adult they’re sitting on when they “over flow” dry. I’m researching the subject at the moment and the best method to use. It appears it comes in solid blocks, liquid or spray. Although this isn’t a knitting technique per se, it is definitely part of producing a finished garment the customer wants. And who knows it might lead on to other lanolised products – like pooch wear for example!
It says grassroots community groups expected to deliver the big society have been dealt a “body blow” by the first tranche of expected £3.3bn cuts in government funding to the voluntary sector over the next three years, while a support programme, introduced by ministers for charities at risk of going bust, was “too little, too late”.
Divergent is one of those books that makes you think. You read it, put it down and pick it up again. The good news is that the second book in the series is called INSURGENT and that it is out soonish, but that is all we know right now. *bites knuckles* Am looking forward to reading the second book very soon indeed.
I dare you to top this one! I think my Dad would die of embarrassment if I ever sent him flowers. That is the whole idea behind http://BeefJerkyBouquet.com
This is the corner at Gammel Torv where you used to find Café Stelling. A very stylish, yet relaxed place with great taste in design, food, coffee ect. They had a great range in magazines and I loved to go there for coffee and a read. But no more. Kafunky. Kafunky? First of all what kind of name is that - and then all the stars? Maybe I'm getting too old, but I just don't fancy it at all.
In a series of published biographical statements stretching back for years — including his bio on Yahoo’s website — Thompson has said that he “holds a Bachelor’s degree in accounting and computer science” from Stonehill College.
The giraffes are a favourite with children and me, and I think actually everyone else, as you stand on raised platforms to feed them. And yes, by that, I mean you can feed them. Yourself. Yes. It's very very cool.
"We understand that not all people like the smell of roasting coffee." Joan wrote in that first note. "This is our business. If you have concerns with our roasting schedule, please, we invite you to come and talk to us. We hope we can work together to solve this issue."
Squeaky shoes make great gifts. If you’re shopping for a birthday present or even Christmas gifts, parents will appreciate hearing their little one walk. And if the toddler is wearing them while taking his or her first steps—well that’s just extra special!
Bailey used a Taser until Carter fell to the ground. Carter’s suit said the officers did not tell him he was under arrest or give him instructions as they used force on him.
Let's say it was a long, wet, dreary spring. Longer and wetter than it ususally is. Even in Portland, Oregon.
Eventually security came on the bus handed out cards that we all had to fill out with Name, address, social security number etc. Then we had to get off the bus and we were asked...
A wounded child, no longer hiding.
27. I'm trying to honor the guys wishes but can't bring myself to burn them. I want to see what his life was like.
TheAngelForever
The second amazing truth in this passage is that Christ, our friend, continually reveals the Father to us. Ponder that glorious fact. Christ wants us to know our Father more and more intimately. He longs for our friendship to God to deepen. He reaches out and pulls us into His loving embrace again and again, wipes the tears from our hearts, and encourages us to go on. What a friend we have in Jesus! There is not one shred of selfishness in the love Christ bestows on us. He prayed for us while on His own death march. As we know more of God's heart, our hearts will reflect that same selflessness. We will be more concerned for others than for ourselves. I cannot recount the numbers of times I have been blessed by the sacrifices and prayers offered on my behalf by my friends. There are those of you I have never met, including my precious sisters who serve here on the WTW team, who have gone before the God of the universe and lifted my name to Him. What precious sisters you are. Without Christ, that kind of love and concern would be impossible.
You're gonna be knowing
Roasted vegetables
In the 1960s and 70s, the Andaz (a.k.a. Gene Autry Hotel (1963); Continental Hyatt House (1966); Hyatt on Sunset (1976)) was the preferred accommodation for musicians – especially due to its proximity to the ever famous Whiskey A Go Go.
Fuck me gently.
Anyone looking at the my profile will see that the Big Dollop has an affinity with the aspirations of a certain football club from the south side of Glasgow, in the interests of regularity I must state that it has been many a year since I last attended a game and now living in the United States I consider myself somewhat thankful that I no longer live in the goldfish bowl which fans from both sides of the old firm consider to be the epicenter of world football.
I got to download this image from the Bloom, Grow, Dream set for free! You really need to stop by Delightful Inspirations to read all the details of how this challenge works. It's really cool, cuz if you use an image of theirs in a particular challenge they send you a free digi automatically to your email!!! So check it out, it really sounds worth the challenge!! Here's a close up ...
We have one set of double windows across from our bed that faces the neighbors house and a single window that faces the front yard with a window seat underneath.
These courtyards are specifically protected under old Brooklyn Law from having any structures built upon them.
We weighed her pig, Kevin, at home before leaving for the fair. He weighed 270, ten too much. Eddie tentatively felt it would be okay. Everyone had assured us that the hogs would drop 10-15 pounds traveling the hour to the event.
3 yourself
The Background: The Christian Legal Society says that a recent email from the university’s administration stated the Christian group’s application to keep its recognition was deficient because the group’s constitution states the following:
- Hickory Smoke Bacon Slabs
1:30 p.m.: I’m taking advantage of the fact that the power is still on (a minor miracle!) to update this post. I spent several hours downtown this morning and found merchants surprisingly nonchalant about the embargo. Several swore to me that the Mali/Senegal border is not in fact closed, and that imports of fuel and food continue to arrive from Senegal. This contradicts everything that’s been written about the embargo so far, however, so I don’t consider it trustworthy. Still, it’s interesting to me that people in the marketplace are so low-key about Mali’s current situation, and the ones I spoke with are not at all concerned about political violence in the days or weeks ahead.
British Cotton Ginnery Area
This book focuses on the wartime diary of Olivia Cockett, which she wrote for Mass Observation. It is edited by Robert Malcolmson. Olivia was 26 when war broke out and is a singular young woman in that she had been working in a clerical position since she was 17 and having an affair since that age with a married man in his thirties, whom she met at work.
Gintama: 438
As to exploitation rights, the court asked whether their original and exclusive allocation to the film producer was inconsistent with the European Union law and whether a statutory presumption of transfer, achieving the same effect, is allowed. With reference to the right to equitable remuneration provided under the ‘private copying’ exception, the referring court demanded whether the original ownership enjoyed by the author must also be applied to remuneration rights and whether a presumption of transfer is permitted, questioning the compatibility of the principles enshrined in Paragraph 38 with the European Union law.
And yet, none of this unsexy grossness gets in the way of my enjoyment of "Caged Fury"--in fact, it actually enhances my delight. It's a perfect combination of adolescent-boy machismo and adolescent-boy glee at seeing boobs (any boobs, in any context). This movie takes one to a paradise of lunkheadery, and should be celebrated for its shamelessness.
Regardless of how the lawsuit turns out, I suspect the marketplace may well decide this issue. If the show’s ratings fall into a steep enough decline, for example, its producers may well want to cast a nonwhite bachelor to give the program an attractive burst of social tension. That’s show biz.
"Full time Mum.....payment is pure love".
And so here I sit an absolute emotional cripple, barely functioning as I try to grapple with what the fuck has gone wrong, once more .. And I have honestly no idea, nothing triggered it that I am aware of. It just happened..
Kisses from Hell by Kristin Cast, Richelle Mead, Kelley Armstrong, Alyson Noel, Francesca Lia Block
"Okay. I'll take that advice. I'll be coming back," I promised.
I actually HAVE to change my name? But I like my name just fine. It's my name. It's part of who I am. It's my family. It's me. I felt like a bit of myself would simply vanish along with the word used to identify me for 27 years.
We got started with Chef Briony, an Aussie who has been living in Paris for 10 years. She explained that macarons are one of the most precise cookies you can make - we were measuring things in grams, and even when something was 2 grams off, we had to fix it! 2 grams!! (BTW, this is exactly the moment I knew Xani would be interested in making these cookies.)
02. Recovery is cool. Even though it’s been hard, I often come back to this statement: recovered people or people really working toward recovery are SO COOL. And not just from eating disorders. What I mean is being aware and insightful and taking the steps to be gentle with yourself and maintain mental and physical health and standing up for your needs…these are hard things to do. And as far as staying in the present moment and focusing on true self care, those who practice it are in the minority. But when you meet someone who is as present as you are and who accepts your limitations, it’s an awesome feeling. And when I have moments of clarity and connection, I feel really great.
Elochukwu’s property, on House
everything should be fine
Joan of Arc
brave;)
My mind lives in the gutter, geez. Why do you think I have to wash my hair so often! And here is evidence that I have even corrupted my cat. I give you miss Maggie doing her impression of what dirty girls do:
1 tsp. Cayenne Pepper
Charles and Jones have a different relationship. Jones puts his brilliance on the back burner and defers almost wholly to the surpassing genius of Charles. This might be somewhat like the famous line about the brilliant mathematician Johnnie Von Neumann: "There are three branches of math. Applied. Pure. And Johnnie Von Neumann."
The financial headlines can be unsettling, but what if there were a different story, of one financial company who grew stronger?
This my version of the good & tasty salsa verde. It means a green sauce. Salsa verde is a great sauce to make. You eat it cold. You can easily make it in a food processor.
Still, as the Chinese philosopher almost said, “The journey of a thousand miles occasionally begins with the realisation that a thousand miles is a bloody long way.”
You should probably wear a beret when you eat these. A FAT FREE beret. Mine's black, because black is slimming.
Here’s why that’s so important: the annular is used to seal the well for pressure tests. And those tests determine whether dangerous gas is seeping in.
Defeating cartoon characters and anime villains doesn’t count as experience (punk!)
As for Arabist racism. Islam is an Arabic religion. Allah is an Arabic god. The Koran 'can only be understood in Arabic'. Muslims must have Arabic names and even dress in an Arabic manner.
The New York Times
”This expedition has not been properly conducted,” R said. ”There will be a scandal. What can be done to avoid it?”
Rating: ★★★★
I really enjoyed having my family--kids and grandkids--gathered here for Christmas. Because of our varied and hectic work schedules that doesn't happen every year, so it was extra special. One of my favorite moments was one of the days after Christmas. Because of the snow we were housebound, and we were gathered in the living room around the fire. The Kid picked up his guitar and started playing and pretty soon, everyone in the room had one of the instruments from Baby M's rhythm band set and we were all singing along. It was great.
It is in the public interest to investigate this but as it is now coming out anyway and this will seriously undermine the public's confidence in the nuetrality of the police.
Sunday Lunch Magazine
Story Blurb:
"Where am I?"
AP/DAILY NEWS, AGAIN:
Andy Crawford: Snappy title, Andrew.
"Well, me and Josh first met in high-school, an' y'know, we were hanging out. When suddenly, at a party, out of nowhere Josh had this radical idea of me and him forming a band. And so we did.......like. After that, Wart, our drummer stepped in (he was banging Josh's mother at that time), who also brought Beelzebutt (our bassist). And that was when The Stone Tissues Tell The Truth band was truly born."
So, I needed to create my own, particular story shark.
Not given the track record of Muslim soldiers as of late.
Dale, who converted to Islam 30 years ago and was also known as Ken, had worked for the ICRC and the British Red Cross in Somalia, Afghanistan and Iraq before coming to Pakistan.
R 1: Ch 3, * dc in ring. Repeat from * 11 times. Join to top of ch 3.
The Union of these two forces in Yesod, generates the entire World.
What happens when debt-fueled false prosperity disappears? Just look at Spain. The 4th largest economy in the eurozone was riding high during the boom years, but now the Spanish economy is collapsing with no end in sight. When a debt bubble gets interrupted, the consequences can be rather chaotic. Just like we saw in Greece, austerity is causing the economy to slow down in Spain. But when the economy slows down, tax revenues fall and that makes it even more difficult to meet budget targets. So even more austerity measures are needed to keep debt under control and the cycle just keeps going. Unfortunately, even with all of the recently implemented austerity measures the Spanish government is still not even close to a balanced budget. Meanwhile, the housing market in Spain is crashing and unemployment is already above 24 percent. The Spanish banking system is a giant, unregulated mess that is on the verge of a massive implosion, and the Spanish stock market has been declining rapidly. The Spanish government is going to need a massive bailout and so will the entire Spanish banking system. But that is going to be a huge problem, because the Spanish economy is almost 5 times as large as the Greek economy. When the Spanish financial system collapses, the entire globe is going to feel the pain and there will be no easy solution.
In my practices, you see, they are very different things. To say that I worship, does not say a word on my witch practices. To say that I am a witch, that I work magic, does not say a word on my religious beliefs. My ways of worship or prayer.
Sorry folks. Spent the evening with some fellow Ranger Regiment veterans, hanging out, talking guns and war stories, with the wives and kids. Needed the de-compress. Good times.
When Luke wakes from a coma, his world has altered. Synaesthesia confuses his senses and a sinister creature called Dreeg inhabits his mind. Dreeg offers him limitless power – even the power to fly – and the temptations are huge, but the price is high. Who will pay? His mysteriously perfect girlfriend, with hair as long as the sound of honey? His detested sister, Laura, with the wasps in her hair? When Laura goes missing, Luke realizes the terrible truth about himself and his power. His decision is a matter of life and death, and he will have to run faster than fire.
What’s been surprising is how normal our neighborhood here on the south bank of the river has seemed, despite all this. Just like every evening, a small group of young men is clustered by the dry goods shop outside, our compound wall, chatting and watching TV. People come and go. The gunfire doesn’t seem to intimidate here, perhaps because Bamako is normally such a peaceful place and people simply don’t know what to make of it — unlike Brazzaville, scene of repeated civil wars, where the sound of a truck backfiring would send people scurrying for cover.
February 23, 2012
Combining the challenges today, here's a CAS using Cornish Heritage Farms Vintage Flower Vine Backgrounder, and a digi giraffe.
I was headed Harrisons way but they had a private function on so I went for a quick half in the Red Deer. I remember that I fancied a half of the Wharfebank Tether but I went for something else instead. As was a feature of the night, I didn't think to record what this tipple was - it was one of the last 3 pumps on the right looking at the bar. I never stay long in the Deer when am on my own so hotfooted it off to Dada.
artwork included
While I wasn't a huge fan of the What the Fudge? Brownie Sandwich, the rest of the gang was. "It's like soft cookies, except they're soft when frozen. It's magic!" "The right combination of gooey and gooey." "Double gooey -- so good!" "Gooey goodness." "Like gooey brownies right out of the oven except their cold." 'Nuff said.
So....How have we managed to achieve this....well I shall go into detail in my next post. For now Londoners I look forward to seeing you all very soon. Ill be the one in deck shoes and a barber wondering aimlessly around Shepherds Bush complaining about the traffic and staring and the bright lights of Westfield in awe / confusion.
-M.T Anderson's novels.
His face went pale with fear as she opened her eyes and turned towards him.
Spaghetti
When we do this, I think we do it because we long to call the thing finished. We ache to put it in front of some sort of an audience. We've laboured over it for months or years. If it’s polished we can convince ourselves it’s ready to submit even when a little voice in our heart knows about the lurking problems. We know that, at least, it will look professional, from the micro-angle of the quality of prose. Nobody will be able to say it’s badly written, but will anyone want to read it?
God may never reveal all His reasons to us, but He has revealed His character to us. His character assures us that He never makes mistakes, is never uncaring, and that He never separates Himself from our need.
Substitute teaching is a funny job. Some students think I'm cooler and better than their "real" teacher and they want me to come back the next day. These are the kids that write me sweet notes and give me drawings they've worked on for three months. Other students are completely rude and disrespectful (which makes me glad I'm just their substitute). It doesn't matter the age--there's great classes and rude classes in every grade. It's been really good for me to be able to teach anything on a moment's notice and to practice managing a class full of students that I've never met before.
There are frequent, very large gang fights around the embankment's municipal toilet, the Yacht Mole and the Victoria Embankment.
...and I feel like a bloated, congested turd.
3. A shower tray offers a defined showering area providing good visual contrast to assist the partially sighted user.
I'm such a sucker for butterfly images and this one is on the top of my list right now. It's so quick and easy to stamp because it's solid. A change of the ink and I had this card really quickly. Which seems to be very necessary lately. Not a lot of stamp time means I've had to push myself to get creative quicker.
Young People (16 years and under) were given African names such as Africa (Male, 13 years), Abba (female, 14 years) and Laubo (female, 16 years). None of the children, 9 years and under, carried obvious African names, they were all named using European conventions. Twenty-four (24) or 24% carried only one name, such as Louisa (female, 1 year) and Adam (male, 9 years). The majority of the young people carried European names, many had names derivative of the African context, and some had a combination of African and European names, such as Nanny Romney. In this case Nana, a Twi word for ‘Leader’ is changed to a less empowering word ‘Nanny’. The young people often carried the same name as an elder in the community such as Billy Loway (90 years, Superannuated) and Billy Loway, little (18 years, Field). What does this naming convention tell us about the relationship between these two people with the same name? The assumption here is that there is a blood relationship between them in that they are father and son. If that is so, then it demonstrates that men were still purposeful as ‘breeders’ and in fact continued fathering children beyond 70 years. But more importantly how can this assumption of blood relationship be proven? Further if they are father and son, then who is Billy Loway, little’s, mother? Is she part of the Wingfield community? Does he have siblings? These and other such questions can be one of the many themes of a further piece of research on evidencing blood relationships.
Bachelor of Applied Science
Holiday picture books are tough to find – especially for 3-year-olds. They have the tendency to be on the longer side. The kids did pretty well with the two I chose: The Story of the Easter Bunny by Katherine Tegen and Bunny Trouble by Hans Wilhelm.
Through unkindness.
I’ve been in the nation’s capital for two months now and have seen and experienced many things of interest. The city has been a maze of contradictory dead ends and open, sunlit welcomes; of smiling faces and wild, shifting eyes. I’ve witnessed more traffic accidents and heard more blaring horns in two months than I had in a lifetime previous and have walked more on the streets of the District than in any lived abode before arriving to this space and time of my life. All of this said to say, there is, most definitely, a DC state of mind.
To: MR.TERENCE P McCULLEY
I have rarely saw peoples saying 'no' to Potatoes, we love potatoes in any form..My vegetable basket never failed to have this incredible vegetable and i cook atleast once a week this vegetable either as roast or curries..Since i had some leftover already cooked potatoes, i thought of making a quick and simple spicy potato wedges through microwave oven few days back for our lunch..This simple,quick and easy breezy potatoes goes for super quick preparation and suits prefectly to enjoy simply with ketchup even for a chilled evening snacks..Sending to MEC guest hosted by Veena,event by Srivalli..
(at this time I am mentally starting to count the number of times he says "secret ingredient")
We arrive at the winery and meet Dorotea, the daughter of Marisa (whom we also see but do not meet), who will be our tour guide. The building we are in is very compact, and they are in the process of bottling the 2010 Furore Bianco Fiorduva. Dorotea informs us that they don’t usually allow visitors during bottling because there is not much excess room, but we had scheduled the tour a month ago (before they knew they would be bottling that day), so we are privileged to be able to view this operation.
Silverstone brought Ferrari’s major mid-season upgrade to the F150, which was effectively a complete new rear end package. Their upgrade comprised of new exhausts, rear suspension, engine cover, diffuser and rear wing. While the changing rules and weather conditions made it hard to judge if their win was a result of these changes, it was clear that the car had found new pace in fast turns. This in its self is a sign of improved downforce, one of the aims of the upgrade.
Aside from the parade, there are shows - The Elmo Show, Big Bird Show, etc. where children get to sit in the audience and watch their favorite characters perform as if they are on TV. In addition to the shows and parade, there are rides in water (where you can get a little wet or soaking wet) and on land, as well as places where you can climb on nets, a carousel, and some rides for younger kids (around age 2 years). The rides in the park are fun for children as well as adults.
C. du Plessis-Chamont
I love to hear the thunder
So I get bored easily with the JFK obsession in general, but particularly when it is immersed in conspiracy theories. It takes a lot for me to not zone out with a story relating to the assassination. Fortunately, I gave In the Line of Fire a shot anyway. The movie fires on all cylinders.
One thing I realized was that at the start of my journey, I was hesitant to really write about what I was doing and how it was going. I was uncomfortable talking about attempts at being healthier- most likely because I wouldn't want to read those things if I ended up failing.
This recipe is one that I found after we had moved away from each other, and I miss her every time I make them because it's definitely a cookie you want to make with a buddy for calorie-sharing and labor reasons. I've shared them before but thought I'd repost them since it has been a few years and they are too good to be buried among other posts. They're in my top ten favorite cookies because of their uniqueness and their great flavor. They're a cream cheese-based cookies rolled in graham crackers and topped with pie filling. Each cookie is like a little bite of cheesecake but made without the hassle of a springform pan or water bath in the oven. If you are looking for a treat to celebrate this wonderful Cuatro de Mayo today, these would be the perfect treat. And if you happen to know my sister, make sure you don't forget to wish her a happy birthday today.
Fire is the heart of mankind.
Along with rose hip essence, the O'slee Rosehip Mask also contains licorice extract (known to help treat eczema according to some studies and also used in alternative medicine).
I will contend immediately that I am not an expert in aviation security. However, one must realize that the security issues that passengers contend with prior to boarding airplanes is not in itself aviation security. Rather it is access control, and when done effectively it is also target hardening. The second thing we must remember is that terrorism is theater.
I peeled a banana thoughtfully and pondered the significance of my dream. The shop did appear to be doing rather well. Maybe I was destined to own a shop called ‘So Sardines’ and meet Hemingway. Perhaps I’d just taken a wrong turn somewhere down the line. Or maybe it was all to do with being Piscean and reading The Old Man and the Sea.
Your piece quotes Eddy Butler who is not a British National Party member.
today i am loving...
Book Rating: 4/5
It was a settled principle of the Persian government that “Royal Benefactors” were to receive an adequate reward. The names of such persons were placed on a special roll, and care was taken that they should be properly recompensed, though they sometimes waited for months or years before they were rewarded.
I really enjoyed making this wee card. Here is what I used to create it:
16b. Western Kentucky Hilltoppers
I love sharing goodies with my friends and readers!
I have basically just swatched these lipsticks onto my arm, taken a quick picture and wiped everything off... of course someone walked in the door while I was scrubbing and scrubbing, can you never have a moment of peace and quiet at work?!?
Poor things all of my cupboards have been badly abused over the years, with renters ripping off doors and bashing things up. And I haven't gotten around to fixing most of this stuff since I moved in. There's enough termite damage to know that I need a whole new kitchen.
1. I finally actually really moved into our Brooklyn apartment for good. And I'm showing you pictures from our first day in the place, before we'd unfurled the rug, organized the bookcases and properly hung the paintings. The place still isn't exactly photo-ready, but I'm crazy-happy here and thought I'd show the pictures anyway, because aren't we all a little bored with the perfectly executed, expertly styled, industrial-desert-minimalist je ne sais quoi you always see in Dwell? No? Yeah, me neither, but here's my new place and I love it and I'm showing it to you because we're pals.
18By these three was the third part of men killed, by the fire, and by the smoke, and by the brimstone, which issued out of their mouths.
Best. Day. Ever.
For instance, you can’t get all the amino acids you need from peanuts alone, but if you have peanut butter on whole-grain bread you’re set. Likewise, red beans won’t give you everything you need, but red beans and rice will do the trick.
But here come Toyota – “I tell you what, there’s no school like the old school”:
I'm really struggling adding embellies to my cards at the moment. I can get the layout sorted but am really struggling to add the extra details that brings a card to life. I'm really interested how you all go about this... what are your top tips?
“That is all?”
transition to the next era after the General Election.
Throughout our meal, the service was friendly and helpful, and we were made to feel very welcome, although we were a bit disappointed to discover that the Tollgate closes at 3 p.m. – not only do they stop serving food, but the doors close, and it’s a case of ‘everybody out’! Had we realised this, we might have booked our table a little bit earlier, as we like to take our time over a meal and sit and enjoy a drink afterwards. As it was, and as we were only made aware of this when we tried to order more drinks at five to three, we ended up feeling a bit rushed, hence only three stars for service, rather than the four I would have given otherwise.
8:00 – Everybody Was in the French Resistance…Now! @ Union Hall $15 (21+)
Sooo...been doing a lot of packing recently for my move back home over the summer break. Sometimes I just wish I could stay here until the next semester starts up again instead of looking into storage units and flights back to CA. I miss my family loads, but still, I'm completely worn down from everything that's happened recently and wish there was an honest-to-goodness break.
It’s no wonder the man has the reputation I didn’t know he had—or that the quote at the top of this post belongs to him.
Today, the nursing home's administrator came to the hospital to assess Flip and decided that since he can still walk, he didn't belong there. Good! I wasn't planning to take him there anyway. In fact, I'm not sure what I'll be able to arrange because he doesn't qualify for Medi-Cal, called Medicaid in other states, but we can't afford private care at thousands of dollars per month. So we're at an impasse. I know there has to be a solution which hasn't yet revealed itself to me. One of the worst aspects of this dilemma is that I would normally discuss it with Flip and we would arrive at a solution together, but that is no longer possible. It feels a lot like betrayal and it tastes bitter, like blood, in my mouth.
I spent over a hundred dollars that day buying more stuff to work on. I even won a full scrapbook kit to create a large album from Creative Memories.
Here I am at 37 weeks, 5 days. I am FULL TERM!! She could come any day. She's measuring right on size- so she's most likely over 6lbs and over 19 inches long!! I am officially swollen and checking my rings daily to see if they still fit.
Hah!! More readers? I think I need to think of ways to have LESS. Poor POOR folk having to wrestle with lavatories and huge turds. Vomit in handbags. I mean, it's just not NICE. The very kind lady at the conference talked about Key Words and Links and such. I decided there and then to have none of that nonsense. I just want my Blog Mates (and you REALLY ARE!)to come along and read my Bollocks, and then I'll come along and read Yours. If you see what I mean.
Today, I am happy to report, we have a new all-time champion in the Department of Dopey Declarations of Death. It is the ceo of a very famous agency. In one fell swoop (by the way, what the hell is a fell swoop?) our new titleholder has declared the following things dead:
6. Who are your competitiors?
He said: "We have appointed Professor Derek Penslar from Toronto to the chair at Oxford. He is an international authority and I believe he will work wonders. Now my endeavour is to establish something similar at a Scottish university and one in the north of England."
I’m sure there is some thick theology about why this is helping so many of us to stand up to these strongholds that we have struggled against for years, but I am at this point with it…
When the handlebars reach the lowest point, he grabs them and runs until his feet no longer touch the ground. At that point he can swing, pull, twist, spin around in the air – the handlebars rotate freely, so the hanger can do whatever he or she likes until they’ve reached the low end of the rotation again, when it’s time to run, then swing, then run, then swing, as the rider on the other side hangs on for dear life.
- needle - size 14 or 16 or so, large enough for your ribbon to fit
For the sake of the argument, I would accept that Paul went mad or religiously fanatic, but what about the other 12? All of them went mad? All of them went through a “mass” hypnotic stage, having illusions?
So then has the art of selling been perfected?
The zebras were really fun. Witten did surprisingly well with petting the animals. He only used the shovel to pet one of them. :) Mitch wanted to stop at the train museum, but when we realized that it was going to be another $5 just to walk down the track, we took a picture from the front, he marveled at the size of the wheels, and we went on to other things.
Moon followed master Greenfingers pointing hand.
Julian Maclaren-Ross’ Collected Memoirs are a master-class in autobiographical writing. His recollections strike an off-beat chord, shifting between dolefulness, mirth, vulgarity and the genuinely outré. Published in a beautiful moss-coloured paperback by Black Spring Press, the book showcases Maclaren-Ross’ talent as a great wit, and a man of intellect and erudition. Often remembered as a Fitzrovian gadabout, a fine raconteur and a literary mendicant, Maclaren-Ross remains an esoteric figure, revered among a select number of fellow writers but largely forgotten by the reading public. His Collected Memoirs are full of experience; his childhood in the south of France, wartime army barracks, down-and-out boarding houses and subfusc sordid little pubs scattered around the midnight metropolis of London. As with much of his fiction, Maclaren-Ross uses informal, colloquial language to convey his life in all its fascinating detail. This use of a demotic vocabulary constitutes a literary style, redolent of cigarette smoke and drink, which is entirely his own. Booze was a lifelong crutch in Maclaren-Ross’ life, so much so that he seemed unable to face the world without it. Accordingly, he could usually be found holding court in one of the many infamous saloons in the nub of Soho, partaking in the revelry that has come to define his work.
We left the house around 7:00 am after I took a few minutes to blow-dry and straighten my hair. Chris thought that was insane, but I knew it was going to look like shit shortly, so I wanted it to start as good as possible. Ok, it was probably still insane. Even this close to delivery, I still hadn't even come close to realizing what a big day it was going to be. It hadn't hit yet that I'd be meeting our baby in a few hours.
She offered me a chance to work with my hands
Mr Atkinson has said the he fears he will be sacked within days.
3) ND Illinois - 41% appealed (29% affirmed, 71% modified/reversed)
“Expelled from the eurozone, Greece might prove more dangerous to the system than it ever was inside it – by providing a model of successful recovery,” writes Arvind Subramanian.
you only have to feel for it
One thing you want to make sure you do is to plug in the branches, flowers and whatever else you are decorating with, at different depths. I usually like to have the gold branches stick out of the tree a few inches, while the flowers I keep more flush to the edges of the tree branches. This creates a more whimsical effect and a more "natural", imperfect feel.
and spiritual implications
My list of book titles would be expansive.
In exchange for her father’s life, Amarantha agrees to marry the dreadful Beast and be his wife for seven days. Though the Beast cannot take Amarantha’s virginity unless she begs him to, he can and does take her in every other way. From the moment they are alone together, the Beast relentlessly strips Amarantha of all her resistance.If Amarantha can resist her cloaked and terrifying husband, she gains his entire fortune and will be allowed to return to her family and a normal life. But the Beast seduces her at every turn, exposing, binding, tormenting, and pleasuring Amarantha until she no longer knows her own deepest desires. Increasingly desperate to break the curse that chains his humanity, the Beast drives Amarantha past every boundary. But her desire for a normal life may jeopardize the love that will save them both.
Weekend greetings to all, from a very chilly Saturday in the Southern hemisphere!
- Hot cross buns are a kind of celebration bread, filled with fruit and spices. The smell of this dough reminded me of some of the celebration breads that I've baked in from The Bread Baker's Apprentice.
Nobody can predict the emotional state of the people during this time. No doubt, there will be profound sadness at the passing of the only Sovereign most of us have ever known. And, I suspect many people will have an enormous amount of sympathy for the Prince of Wales and will be impressed with the way the he and Prince William present themselves during what will surely be a difficult period of time. Ultimately, there will be less hostility and more sympathy - coupled with a "let's give this guy a chance" mentality.
Rel's footsteps scuffed back from the darkness ahead as drawn-out, bloated whispers. Lack of a breeze made the air lifeless despite a chill that was oddly soothing. It took the worst of the sting from his developing headache. Here and there, water glistened with reflected gloom, running silently down the walls. It was all Rel could do not to hold his breath.
Hey look Rita's Italian ices!
A black bar stool with a shiny chrome or else stainless steel frame is a mild top-notch that give a traditional look to your bars. This type of design is largely used these days in pubs and bars of the all-night dinner with the vivid interior packed of ashen paint, Formica counters, and lots of shiny chrome. They also come with comfortable seat with a firewood frame and seatback.
Christopher Nolan, director
A small history of Maxwell Render.
The National Fronts march to the Cenotaph in London assembles at Bressenden Place Victoria at 2pm for a 2.30pm march off. Please try to attend. If you can’t then please attend your local memorial service………. and please, buy a poppy and wear it with pride.
But all of the above and pretty much any rational solution to this problem needs parents to bother to do one thing: actually parent their children.
"Disappointing" is the word I would use to describe this new hotel. Ritz hotels around the world are managed by different companies and have varying arrangements for the use of the Ritz name. The name is synonymous with luxury accommodation, but one can see that in this case, the style is far removed from what made Ritz hotels famous. Cesar Ritz himself selected decor of the Louis XVI period, actually a revival of the style 100 years after the original. He adopted modern principals of hygiene and ventilation, and wooed the greatest chefs, sommeliers, and service people to create an environment reminiscent of a beautifully managed palace.
Gregory: you guys are raising money off this!
There were lots of smiles this weekend. And some pain, too, of course. And just like some marathons (Chicago, New York) there's still a ways to go even after you reach the finish line.
Not a true test I know - one from the barrel and one through a pump. But I'll be intrigued to see what they have to say.
Flash forward to two weeks ago, when we moved in, and I had hundreds of cardboard boxes and dozens of trash bags of packing paper.
This was a mysterious and thrilling read. I thought I knew exactly where the story was going, but things got twisted and turned around several times. I like when a story can surprise you. Courtney was a great character. At first I thought she seemed a bit spoiled, but she proved me wrong. I also cannot blame her for being attracted to the hunky FBI agent trying to help her out, Jason. They made a good team. As I said before, there were several things I didn't see coming, and I am usually pretty good at guessing what will happen. There was a twist at the end that particularly caught me by surprise. It helped to make for a very satisfying ending.
...Well do you? Now's your chance.
‘Remember that something incredible wonderful is always possible.’
My Thanksgiving was lots of fun. The work was split three ways. We had a great big juicy bird and lots of yummy sides plus four different flavor pies to choose from. What's a person to do? Well, I had myself a nice breakfast. I made pumpkin pies and the house smelled wonderful. We watched the parade and after it was over we had a nice lunch and did some final cleaning before guests arrived. I peeled potatoes and Kristin cut them. As those potatoes cooked family and food arrived. It got busy and loud real fast. But it was nice. The food was good...no it was awesome. I had small helpings of everything I wanted. I indulged by eating two rolls and and extra (smaller than the first) helping of yams. Love it. I did something scary too. I weighed myself that morning, and again that night. I showed a three pound GAIN! The next morning it was two pounds. Right now, I am at a maintenance. And I am fine with that. I don't have to brow beat myself over any of it. I made a plan and I stuck with it.
Naw, me neither. At every instance, it seems to me that *public servants* are trying to increase their power over us, at the expense of our Liberty, our Time, and our Money. If they are not scheming to invade our person, papers, property, e-mail or effects, then they are scheming to take more of our stuff. Somehow, the idea of public service has been transformed into public nuisance.
Hey everyone! Thanks to those who participated in last week's challenge. We always love to see your projects and leave you some love! Let's get right to the winners shall we?? Crystal had the pleasure of picking this week's winners! Our winner is #13 Judy
4. the undermining of schools and teachers' authority
Last night, Wapping staffers told us they expected further arrests very quickly.
So I was looking through old photos and found some from a few Christmas’s ago. I found a family picture of my stepkids, hubby and I and it reminded me of how they would refuse to take photos with me. They would cross their arms and say no and if they were forced to take the photo you can definetly see it in the picture. They either held their father tightly, stuck their tongue out or had an angry face. These moments hurt my feelings so much. As much as I understood their upset it still did. Because I wasn’t trying to replace their mother, just take a picture with my new little family.
The following day, beach events were cancelled due to the inclement weather, but the partying continued with a BBQ and house party, with lashings of food and drink, more music and more hilarity. The happy farmer excelled with his performances of Tom Jones and Freddie Mercury, yet again the farmer’s wife finally had to sweep him up and prise him away mid performance as she made a mad dash to catch the final ferry home.
The power could go underground or, most probably, take an overland route and be carried by pylons; monstrous pylons that are 50m tall and spaced at 350m intervals. The 'artist's impression' below shows how our landscape could be transformed by these monsters as the pass across the front of Stockton wood and over the roof of the Lowfield Inn. Awful. Awful. Awful.
Triumph! Success! And, as if this weren't enough, Bisou--whose training I'd decided to postpone until I had Wolfie in hand--put herself in boot camp on her own. I noticed that, when I would give the down-stay commands to Wolfie, she--who had never gone down unless enticed with a treat--would get a serious look on her face and lie down like a little statue until I released them both. Now, when the guys in boots come tromping through, she holds her stays like a champ. And she has done this while getting as much petting as ever--I cannot keep my hands from this dog--and without having to wait at the door until she makes eye contact, because she always makes eye contact. But then, she is a Cavalier.
Are you saving time?
According to the AP blurb, Traficant "is leaving the Democratic Party and considering a run for office as an independent." He has yet to determine if he's going to run, and in which district.
“I don’t know, heard he took over after his uncle died. Why are you so tense Hun?” She started to rub my shoulders. I instantly relaxed.
If the look you are striving to achieve comes in the form of a $200.00 goblet, it's no wonder you've had a chip on your shoulder. In order to achieve the look of a super expensive style, sometimes it's necessary to raise your budget just a tad. Don't get me wrong; $100.00 is still a lot to spend on a wine glass. But, if what you originally had your eye on is more than double the price, then that second option might not look so bad. These next two crystal comparisons are so aesthetically similar that even your status conscious friends won't be able to distinguish between the two!
When you make a conscious decision to let go of the hurt and pain, you are making a decision to transform your life. This is not an easy process, especially if you have schlepped the negativity around with you for an extended amount of time. Letting go requires effort and it usually doesn’t happen overnight. I found that the first step in letting go is forgiveness. Forgiving someone for wronging you does not mean that you condone their bad behavior, it means that you are choosing to no longer allow the bitterness and hurt to eat away at you. Forgiveness is a powerful tool in healing and moving forward. If forgiveness isn’t possible, acknowledge that you have been wronged, validate your feelings and start releasing the hurt.
"I don't remember."
This is the big novel of the year, the epic and pure entertainment to boot.
How would you say this film is different and unique?
-Portability – kids like to be able to take food products with them
Prime and Paint White
Evil Dark was a terrifically entertaining read, which kept me invested in its characters from beginning to end. Now I want to read Hard Spell, just so I can spend some more time with Stan, Karl, Christine and the rest, after which I'll eagerly await the as-yet untitled third book. A fun, fast read centred on an interesting case to solve, Evil Dark is a recommended read for anyone who likes police procedurals or the supernatural without sparkles or tramp stamps and leather pants. Meanwhile, I think I need to find myself some more supernatural police procedurals, to see if they are a temporary craving or a lastingly acquired taste. Any suggestions?
Here's to a jolly "Sunny" weekend....... Ha Hemmm......x
The High Five Man wins again!
I feel that in movies, TV shows, and even on magazine covers, female friendships are celebrated - as they should be, but I just think it's the cutest thing when males bond together.
In English we might say ‘environment’ but it doesn’t really say it. People make places. We carry meaning with us. We don’t leave it lying around for others to enjoy. And, for me, the point here is that we carry it with us. When Samuel Beckett wrote Mercier and Camier he was in France. It was his first post-war novel and his first in French. And yet it was set in and around Dublin. Watt was Beckett's second published novel in English and, again, largely written on the run in the south of France during the Second World War.
Missoni, which gears up to celebrate its 60th anniversary next year, has developed a fairly unrivalled niche in knitwear and colour and is one of most unabashedly Italian labels that showcase in Milan every season. It’s been growing; the company has diversified into hotels and home lines and, as part of the global trend towards the democratisation of fashion, launched a line for Target last September, which sold out a few hours after launch.
I also saw the news about Sony All-Stars Battle Royale, but I have nothing to say aside from how I’m not touching it unless they add Crash or someone from either Disgaea or Neptunia. Nice of them to add Parappa, though. It just looks too much like a clone of Super Smash Bros., to be quite honest, and I’m not interested in anyone but Parappa that they’ve shown.
What I really want is for you to be able to read something beautiful, about sex…
A couple of Saturdays ago, I made a quick visit to the Ferry Buildings Farmers’ Market where I procured the makings of a slaw (watermelon radish, green cabbage, scallions, serranos, and cilantro).
He knit you together within the womb,
Slice and serve warm, pouring some of the glaze from the pan over the meat.
The Benue Basin has proven
I have been hobbling a bit every since a humorous incident last month in which my left foot got stuck in a Wellington boot in a shoe shop and the Wellington had to be cut off me with a large pair of scissors. Before that, there had been much pulling by various people of my toes and heel with the result that the outside edge of my left heel has, ever since, been painful when I stand on it in my bare feet, though not when I wear shoes. But it has now started to occasionally be painful in shoes, too, so I guess I will have to go to my GP and maybe try to get it X-rayed. Two visits to my osteopath have not cured the problem, which he thinks is caused by problems in my toes, not my heel.
In April 1970, Newhouse News Service reported that Richard Nixon had commissioned RAND to study the feasibility of canceling the 1972 election. RAND denied it and reviewed its recent work for possible sources of the story. They said that the review was fruitless.
4. Big chandelier
Vance Patterson (REP) 25.44% 1,102
The pomegranates bloom.
It is all fixed now and I am trying to play catch up now. I hope everyone has been having a wonderful summer.
with a Deviled Egg-like Dressing
I was inspired straight away and printed off some pics - I only took them yesterday at Hervey bay!!!
It will be worth it. (Romans 8:28)
Here’s today’s midterm. You may notice that it’s a bit topical. Part III, the AP portion, is not included in any of the online versions of the midterm.
Adolescents are particularly at risk for depression and suicidal ideation and suicide attempts.
……Isaacs argues that the disgust evoked by works such as Hollywood Scat Amateurs 7 and Japanese Doggie 3 Way is a crucial part of what makes them artistic. ”My intent is to be a shock artist in the movies I made,” he testified, “to challenge the viewer in thinking about art differently…to think about things they’d never thought about before.” Similarly, [defense lawyer Roger] Diamond argued that the films have political value as a protest against the government’s arbitrary limits on expression, illustrating the “reality that we may not have the total freedom the rest of the world thinks we have”…Isaacs…faces a possible penalty of 20 years in prison…but if the jurors want to blame someone for making them sit through this assault on their sensibilities, they should not blame Isaacs. They should blame the Justice Department, which initiated the case during the Bush administration, and the Supreme Court, which established the absurdly subjective test they are now supposed to apply. Will they take seriously Isaacs’ references to Marcel Duchamp, Robert Rauschenberg, Kiki Smith, and Piero Manzoni, or will they dismiss his artistic name dropping as a desperate attempt to give his masturbation aids a high-minded purpose?
*What made you think ‘I want to write for teens and young adults?’ Is it a genre you enjoy reading?
Streamlined design with updated front panel and top-load center laptop compartment with versatile padded divider for easy configuration of laptops and files
The less freedom I have the more I write
Me: "I use it all the time at work. 'I'm sorry you don't have anymore re-fills left on your prescription.' 'Ok, well, let me look again.' 'Yes, you're right, there was a prescription with one re-fill left, mixed in there. I'm sorry, I mis-looked the first time.'"
Rebutter#1: Andrew Pollack
Yet, Julius can scream his hate from the hill tops (..."Kill the Boer, kill the farmer") and you will just have to shut up about it...Just Shut Up Whitey! There is no crime that Julius has committed, no offense at all in fact...
3. The aid of God may be had upon the asking in our efforts to abolish ignorance and to be properly informed (Ps. 119:34; Matt. 7:7-8).
And lo and behold that each person must pay his or her own way,
And of course I had to share a tapped tree!
Come live with me, and be my love.
Ok, it’s springtime (at least in theory, meteorological theory of course) and with that comes the start of baseball season. Spring training games have just begun and most teams have a pretty good idea of what their team is looking at heading into the start of the season. The Red Sox have their lineup pretty good to go. There are some changes that could be made, specifically to the bench (see Lowell, Mike). So, I figured I would go position by position to see where the Sox stand and how they look for this year. Maybe give some rough estimations of where I think they will finish statistically as well. Here is part 1, the infield.
For I toss and turn I can't sleep at night
Normally 3 pieces of toast, with peanut butter and jam, and a very milo-ey milo with 1 sugar.
the same goods, and promote the greater transparency between trusts that is needed to
While Nintendo has accustomed in the accomplished decade-and-a-half or so to acquiesce this kiddy angel with added complete games, abnormal partnerships, and grittier versions of archetypal stories, their attempts appropriately far accept had bald results. The designs for their systems accept not done abundant to advice this, by opting added for simple and functional, rather than beautiful and powerful, their systems attending and achieve beneath like a Sony PlayStation, and added like a My Aboriginal Sony Walkman.
“After spending my whole life treading water in a sea of lunacy, I found myself literally rolling on the floor laughing after I heard MythBuster Adam Savage say:
And from Thursday to Sunday they even have meals out there! There is an open sided pub sort of set up that is really nice (which is where they had the ANZAC day breakfast). Beers are a good price.
“No more people food. Agreed?”
On March 31, 2012 Dr. Leon retired after 25 years of dedicated service to the U. S. Fish and Wildlife. As Chief of Fisheries and Aquatic Conservation one of Dr. Leon’s duties also included matters of budget for our National Fish Hatchery System.
A shakedown ride it would definitely be… an opportunity to shake off one or two components along the way, too.
At the dairy in nearby Novellara, which specialises in producing milk for making Parmesan, half the labourers are Sikhs, prized as methodical, hard workers who are eager to fill the posts that open as Italians desert the industry.
And what critics and detractors of the MAS-AirAsia deal conveniently seem to ignore is the arrival of the Asean Open Skies policy in 2015, just three years down the road, under which all regional restrictions in place by countries in the region will be lifted.
New book about Ty coming out in August 2012 in the UK, called Another Life. Covers and tasters coming soon on this blog.
Gell tries to argue that Mr. Rogers “encouraged a deeply personal relationship to television that did more harm than good.”
For this project, I used Kitchen Tilda from the "A Little Yummy For Your Tummy Collection". She looks so ready to mix that Chocolate Cake and create the perfect Recipe for Love! Doesn't she?
Everything was perfect, because you were here with me
Stored within the Earth’s emotional body, stored within the lower fourth dimension, and stored within our unconsciousness, are all the lesser thoughts ever thought by humanity. All of this lesser energy must be released and cleared for the shift in consciousness to take place.
Exhibit A) Pick up For a Few Demons More, her latest novel and first hardcover. Flip it over and look at the back of the cover where her author picture is. She made herself look amazingly tall with those black pants and the fun pose.
BAKE 18-22 minutes or until toothpick inserted in center comes out clean
1/2 cups (1 stick) butter, softened
EU officials will review Serbia's bid to formally become a candidate in early March.
Maxwell AFB (Montgomery) – Civilian prison camp established under Operation Garden Plot, currently operating with support staff and small inmate population.
I think Rosalie succeeds in capturing Anna's voice really well and she and her parents come across as fully-formed characters. Interwoven within Anna's story is a sub-plot about her friend Joe, which I felt was a little rushed and could have been developed more, but nevertheless added another level. These strengths helped outweigh the slight isssue I had with the character in the park who seemed very stereotyped and the conclusion of Joe's problems but they certainly don't detract from the book in any way.
Paul: Iuz has to go away. The fact that there is a 998 CY and a University of Rel Mord is evidence enough of that. In the long run, Iuz is only going to get more powerful. The Oerth is his home plane and given the number of former mortals who seem to attain godhood, it's only a matter of time before he attains full godhood. Worse still, through his actions, he could become a vehicle by which Tharizdun returns. I always had the idea that the Oerth was so important because it was the keystone of Tharizdun's prison; put that keystone in Iuz's hands and, well, it's probably not going to end well.
I'm so excited to announce that the next event for U Stamp with Dawn & Friends is
Serbia (added April 28, 2012) – Welcome!!!
Speedy West & Bryant, Jimmy - Stratosphere Boogie: The Flaming Guitars of - 1995
Though the measures are expected to give the economy a boost in the long term, many analysts believe they are weighing on output in the short term, causing a deterioration of investor sentiment and heightening concerns that the country might need an international bailout.
Network with others.
Mathematics would be taught by discovery; activity centers would provide interesting and enjoyable experiences whereby the children would learn mathematical concepts. The teacher was to forget about drilling number facts. The children would learn through play. If they forgot concepts they had learned, they could always repeat that activity or another. Eventually, when they were ready, they would remember.
Like Boss (see my review here), another heavy political show but focused on city government, Homeland is a fun ride but the destination may be a disappointment. It would be interesting to compare Homeland to the original Israeli series it is based on.
Madrid (30-2-4) has 94 points and a seven-point lead over Barcelona (27-3-6) with two games left. The Catalans had won the previous three titles.
Some details: I stamped the image several times, once on designer paper and the other two times on Choice Snow White cardstock (TE). I paper pieced the hat and apron from designer paper, the bowl and her hand from the second image stamped on white. I used Copic markers to color the white portions of the image and to add a touch of shading to her apron and hat. The mixing bowl needed a bit more red to match the rest of the card so I added little red dots using the atyou Spica glitter pens.
For auld lang syne.
for hours, orbs both old and new
My Goals
That was boring eighteen years ago. Not only did it get more boring to teach over time, it also became less relevant for the students’ lives. Fifteen years later, the textbooks still contained the same darned examples, and by then not one piece of chalk could be found anywhere, in any of our classrooms.
Dr. King has been in various clinics since Monday, so we have only seen the other cardiologists in his group this week. I was so relieved to finally see him during rounds this morning because with all of Zoe's progress, we are ready to bust out of this place! He said her chest x-ray and echo looked great. She no longer needs regular CPAP treatments, only as needed. He said she no longer needs all the monitors and wanted us to stay today and get comfortable caring for her, without relying on the monitors to tell us how she is really doing. It is so nice to have all of the wires, tubes and IV's off of her. I was able to snuggle Zoe on the boppy with Londyn on the air mattress today. It was such a sweet glimpse of my future with these two cutie girls.
so you know who needs to be on your card list!
overtook. They all grinned and nodded their heads in that typical Indian yes/no headshake that Russel Peters mentioned.
so that we may spit dorth day and night,
Isn't this why people have kids?
Tore a sheet from a notepad ( from the same section) and stuck that in the middle. Enter my last year’s rub-ons, an adhesive scrabook border and done and done.
In this case, I didn't strop as my daughter was very ill and I just signed on the dotted line to get it over and done with. Sometimes that happens, but I would try not to do it again. I always want to keep animation rights. I will argue that YouTube and machinima are electronic rights if I want to do either of these later.
The reason HanaDan is so compelling is that it gives you the bad-boy fantasy, the redeemed damaged hottie who is changed by love and loves for eternity, no matter what. It gives you fairy tale moments in the sunset, the fantasy of a rich boyfriend who will pound someone’s face in just for saying you aren’t that pretty. But it also gives you two characters who change because they become one and they change without sacrificing what makes them who they are.
The other way is to just hold a spoon and bend it. Using your hands.
--I introduced my friend's baby to H&M. He slept through his whole trip there, but I think subconsciously he's obsessed
Holder and Linden – there were SO MANY looks passed between them at new pieces of information that came their way. Cab with a broken taillight – does that mean something? Where was Ames between the ferry dock and his 4:30am arrival home that night? Why was the casino lady showing up at his party? It all comes back to the Mayor – or, rather, the circle includes him. It’s like everyone has a secret, and some of them are keeping the same ones. Even Rosie’s death pretty much HAS to have involved more than one person, I think. If not the actual act, then the cover-up that’s been going on since. Everyone is determined to see either someone else blamed for the crime (ie Richmond), or have it dropped all together (Mr. No Warrants For You cop boss). But Holder and Linden seem to be on the same page now more than ever before. They’re practically completing one another’s sentences, really!
scattering seeds of justice
Have fun – and never give up…
I don’t even remember how much I spent, but I’m looking forward to the next FF sale!! =P
Well, i only used some chiffon fabric and lace on the levis skirt, the difficult thing was sewing it and yes, I know, its not the same and its not beautiful as the original but, its something.
“The emperor? I just want to find the girl…I don’t even know her name.”
This would be fantastic for decorating your home for a 4th of July BBQ or any other patriotic holiday. I will be showing you how to incorporate corrugated cardboard as well as how to use an Epiphany crafts punch (yes I'm still addicted!).
Ahh, well. It had to happen, didn't it?
For our first meet-up, I thought this was successful night! I got to meet an amazing group of people - all unique in their own ways - and we all got to share in a tour of one of Kentucky's hidden gems of a city - Danville. Seriously, if you're in Kentucky, or driving through Kentucky - Danville is well worth a visit! I know I'll be back!
than the day before.
She played out a little bit. And after she moved to New York she still played out a little bit but now she was in the Pay To Play world, and that’s a big step down. It’s a step down in skill and a necessary step down in attitude. And now she, I, me, whoever it is who’s left here, has mostly given up on the whole thing. Certainly I’ve given up on “getting somewhere”. By the time I moved to NYC the best I could have hoped for was to just play around town once in a while, but now I don’t even think about that.
Right about that time we moved to the Boston area, and I met a naturopathic nutritionist. I described our ongoing saga with thrush and asked if she had any advice. She suggested we both continue our courses of probiotics and that I go "Paleo" and cut out grains and sugars entirely. I already knew that would be a good idea, but she gave me the extra push to really commit. She also suggested that I take one tablespoon of raw apple cider vinegar before each meal (to make the system more basic and less conducive to the yeast) and to eat two tablespoons of freshly ground flax seed each day (this would help sweep out the yeast and provide a base for the good bacteria). She also approved of my plan to start giving baby girl some homemade chicken stock every day to start helping heal her digestive track (more on feeding babies in a future post). After 3 weeks on this plan, the thrush disappeared and stayed gone. This was over Christmas, so it was hard to avoid all the seasonal treats, but totally worth the sacrifice after 3 months of battling thrush.
On a final note, whilst the cafe is satisfactory, as ever, it is pricey. So if you’re taking the family, an old fashioned picnic may be a better alternative. But whatever you do, have a lovely day at Beaulieu, as they say, it really is ‘much more than a motor museum’.
I still maintain my landline and DSL, but for seven years, I had a bare-bones prepay phone as a matter of necessity: you know, one pre-buys a finite number of "minutes" and airtime. Not a smartphone. But it fulfilled my limited needs: got great reception, the minutes were relatively inexpensive when bought in bulk, it sent and received text messages. I use my iPod Touch for data and apps.
I could skip into a cartoon drawing
Last Saturday my wife was called into work. I decided at that point to spend some time homebrewing, since I'd planned to spend the day with her, originally. I brewed an IPA, because I'm running out of the IPA that I have on tap. The basic recipe is below.
But the candy goes on and on....
Dress: You can wear whatever you want! This is your graduation and as queer folk we are often "required" by work, school, family, culture, etc. to dress in ways that do not necessarily fit our tastes. If you wish to wear the cap and gown, wear it. If you want to appear in drag, do it. If you have cultural regalia you wish to wear proudly, please do so! If you want to dress up, go for it. You want to be comfy, have at it. This is your night. All of your identities are celebrated as is the awesomeness that is you and our UW queer communities!
-floral wire
Combine flour and sugar for topping and cut in butter until the mixture resembles coarse crumbs.
Another memory i have is of lying in the back of our family car, listening to Extreme’s More than Words on the radio and making my mind up – then and there – that I would learn to play the guitar – no matter what!
Kalustyan's website has 45 pages of spices - 1,322 items. Perhaps you are interested in choosing from a selection of 41 varieties of coconut or over 100 types of lentils or dahl. If you want this breadth and depth of selection, you had better have a large number of patrons - your casual visitor or curiosity seeker is probably not interested in Tamarind paste or an extensive selection of Ghee. NYC delivers the patrons.
Proverbs 8: 17-21
Chynna became a Christian in 2003 and has started an active career in Christian Music.
Now that's a space for storing food. I go into my pantry about 500 hundred times a day...okay, maybe not that many times, but between going in there to get what I actually need, and going in there to take my curious toddler out...I'm in there a lot! I sure would love it to look as pretty as this one.
Snack: almonds, apple
The First-class Perspective
My mind drifted further into the trail and found the bioscope man. We don’t find him these days except in some fair where hardly anyone pays attention to him. In those days he was the most sought after person. We would gather around him and wait for our turn to watch a song or a clip from that magical colorful box. This curiosity box was all we had for entertainment before the technology filled our homes with CDs, DVDs, and cinema halls and multiplexes lured us into their cozy comforts. The screen culture has taken away the magical world which was created for children something which the toys are assigned to do now a day. It is amazing how integral, inseparable and organic practices of the people were before technology and fast life took over. I hardly see circus, magic and puppet shows, the street performers, tight rope walkers and jugglers who used to frequent the cities. They have been forced to leave their family trade and find an alternate profession.
Tis' the season to spread some holiday joy. And what would be better than a Sci-Fi story about Santa delivering presents at the end of the Universe? Absolutely nothing I tell you. "In The Late December" was a story I read last year and was brought back to mind as the holidays approach. It has quite a bit of heart for such a short tale. Enjoy!
Okay, so you hear often that cancer loves sugar. Well, there is some truth in that. Lets take a deeper look at how this works. Sugars(glucose) stimulates the pancreas to make insulin. Insulin promotes the growth of cells, not just cancer cells but all cells. Remember that everyone has cancer cells. Our body is working daily to maintain health by getting rid of changed and diseased cells. If you have too much sugar in the body this is promoting more and more insulin production which in turn making ALL CELLS GROW. So this means if there are cancer cells, it’s excelling the growth of them too. This goes back to diet. Eat whole foods. Eat complex carbohydrates. Stay away from boxed and canned foods. Sometimes fat-free is worse than having the fat because how do they make fat-free taste so good??? THEY ADD SUGAR!! Be cautious about how much sugar you consume but please don’t toss your sugar for nutra-sweet, aspartame, splenda, or truvia. They ALL have chemicals and additives. A safe alternative is Stevia.
QE has become almost a fetish for gold watchers and market analysts. This perspective was on full view on April 25 during the Fed’s monthly meeting that is closely watched by economists and finance experts.
Burrard Bridge & Pacific – 10:47am
As I mentioned at the beginning, Jaspers’ joints are non too good, I do blame myself for this, but in all honesty, I wouldn’t have done things any different, even if I’d known the outcome.
Between Yesterday and Tomorrow
I know it’s not always easy to get away from your life, errands, or family in the middle of a Saturday afternoon, so I’m really thrilled that this worked out. Some people who wanted to join weren’t able to make it, but don’t worry, we’re hoping we do another meet up in the future:)
Completely engrossed in practical matters, the American man has neither the time nor the temperament for tender sentiments or gallantry; he is gallant once in his life, when he wishes to marry. He is undertaking a business affair, not a love affair.
Leuthold mentions that the sell-off was not a surprise to him since he expected the highs for the year to arrive in the first half. He believes that the peak in April will remain for the rest of 2011. Leuthold’s models are showing a median valuation for the S&P 500 bellwether index.
Deux bouts d'chair
Every show ends with a live performance involving the Hey! Say! Jump members and assorted Johnny’s Juniors. Unfortunately, the song this time was “Wonderful Cupid” (ワンダフル キューピッド) which . . . is totally not my kind of song. In fact, I don’t know whose kind of song it is. Luckily, I don’t hear it often.
The patriots and super-patriots who fall in with the agendas of the military-security complex and the flag-waving neoconservatives are furthering the “end-times” outcome so fervently desired by the rapture evangelicals, who will waft up to heaven while the rest of us die on earth.
That and the blizzard assaulting my town in New York on Halloween weekend. Snow covered pumpkins just look wrong to me.
The war on terror is particularly useful here. Terrorism is a tactic, it has no particular ideology. So it is easy to label any inconvenient opposition, any anti-colonial or anti-imperial movement as terrorists. It is then easy, almost a duty, to make war on them.
I think if I was to give her a big bowl of lettuce she'd be happy.
“Well,” said the man, looking down on the bounty hunter and droid and clasping his hands behind his back, “I’ll give you this, T’ress; you make good time.”
I hope you are enjoying a new start this year. We actually have only gotten an inch or two of measurable snow where I live in Michigan (we usually have feet of snow by now). And, it was 50 degrees today! I had the windows open and was spring cleaning like it was April. They are promising more harsh winter conditions soon, so I guess we can't really say it is spring yet. Still, it's fun to dream about seeds, my garden and tulips...
UPDATE: 28th June, 2011. The Irish Independent today provides additional reporting on yesterday’s proceedings in Dublin’s High Court and claims that the hearing this Thursday (30th June) will be a substantive hearing and that affadavits are to be exchanged beforehand. In terms of the grounds for the application, they include the claim that the loans were not repayable on demand but possibly of more importance, particularly given the past involvement of Michael Cush SC in Paddy McKillen’s case – David Daly has engaged Michael Cush – is the claim that NAMA’s actions are offensive to the European Convention on Human Rights. This case may prove to have stronger legs than the Grehan brothers’ recent (failed) case against NAMA.
I know you can’t imagine the parents that took me in
Brodhead, meanwhile, met with an unspecified number of professors from the African-American Studies department. Participants in that meeting have refused requests from me to divulge contents of their discussion, but it seems inconceivable that the professors did not mention the pending release of the Group of 88’s statement. That document would appear on April 6.
Through distant future visions,
I stitched the pleats of the center back panel to the bodice lining and cut out the panels for the gown skirts. I still need to cut sleeves and the bodice fronts. My plan is to try and match the floral print as close as possible at the side seams. I'm finding the floral stripe on the fabric a little harder to work with than the cross barr'd fabric of my last gown. But the challenge is kind of fun too. I think I'm pretty happy with how things are turning out thus far.
encounter with the little boy I read in the newspaper that the young woman had passed
The words of Psalm 37:7 come to mind. “Rest in the Lord, and wait patiently for him.” We follow this with Psalm 40:1. “I waited patiently for the Lord; and he inclined unto me, and heard my cry.” When one has this sort of mindset, you can do as the Lord commands in Philippians 4:6; “Be careful for nothing.”
My friends, there has been a lot of talk lately about this thing called 'the internet'.
When we fight back, we are drawing on our own strength. But when we turn the other cheek, we are invoking God as our defence. Once we understand this, it becomes obvious that these instructions are for our own good.
P.S. 161 The Crown
* With a free morning now, I did NOTHING :) I cant tell you how long its been on a Saturday where I just laid in bed for HOURS.... it was heavenly
I have been in pubs in close proximity to drinkers who have ordered a beer, the beer hits the bar top the bar staff turn to the till & the beer begins to settle from the bottom up, the punter glances down & waits for their change to be returned. As half of the beer loses it milky appearance they hold the beer aloft & peer through the beer in the glass, & without a moments thought the immortal words trip off the tongue 'this beer is'nt right' 'it MUST be off, its cloudy'.
I am also deeply suspicious about such a huge amount of money awarded for "monitoring and evaluation". This can surely be done by department officials without involving expensive consultants.
When “shift” happens in your life you can either choose to feel bitter, helpless, resentful, angry and afraid. Or you can choose to yield to the circumstances out of your control and gain wisdom, compassion, spiritual insights and future coping skills. It’s not always the shift situation that causes unhappiness. It’s your thoughts about it. When the bad feelings come, you don’t have to chase, push, fight, flee, cave in or suppress them. Let them come in and go out like a swinging door. The feeling will pass. Or you can become frozen with fear, anger and worry. Faith helps you to navigate your way out of a dark place into a place of light to see what steps you need to take to see and believe in your possibilities are for a better tomorrow.
Growing up I was always extremely self conscious about my small breast size. I didn't felt anything was not normal about them, just on the smaller side. The only thing I was confused about was that when my weight would fluctuate my breast size would remain the same, small. I didn't pay much attention to this and just thought I was unlucky and I would eventually get implants, that is if I could convince my parents. Towards the end of my teen years I did realize that my breasts did not look like most other women's, but it wasn't a huge deal as I was already self conscious about them due to their small size. The other big issue was that I dreaded clothes shopping when I was on my heavier side. Clothes are not designed for bigger women with small breasts. If something fit me in the stomach, the breast area sagged horribly. If it fit in my breasts, the stomach was way too tight. Bra shopping was another issue as its hard to find an A cup for a plus size woman.
... in the middle of our street! Well actually we're not we're near the end going down the slope towards the shops. Anyway enough of this Madness... (get it!)
Was a timid step
What the members of this extreme socialist party want is for NATO troops, an organization by the way which the party is vehemently against, to carry out attacks on Israeli military personnel to protect militant Palestinian terrorists so that these can fire their missiles indiscriminately on Israeli civilian targets. The Socialist Left doesn’t even want to grant Israel the right to defend itself and its civilian population against Palestinian terrorism. This is blatant anti-Semitism, and again it shows how members of the political Left in Norway condone terror against Israeli civilians and are outraged whenever Israel retaliates.
To quote directly from the website… “Our ground-breaking, proprietary hair integration system can convincingly disguise all manner of hair loss problems, from the minor to the severe. Non surgical, entirely cosmetic and tried, tested and proven by hundreds of women over the past eight years, you’ll have a full head of hair that looks, feels and behaves just like your own. Perfect for both temporary and permanent hair loss.”
But … it should have been better.
Tanya: Your future’s all used up.
Just for today, I will trust God, do the footwork, and leave the results to Him.
The congestion is also more concentrated as commuters approach the urban core, especially in a centralized city. This makes transit a more obvious and more cost-effective solution for core commutes and less obvious for the "last mile," or ten, or fifty, to home.
Wales has long been associated with King Arthur. If you consider the red dragon on the Welsh flag, it makes perfect sense that Arthur Pendragon - the “head dragon” - should have lived and ruled there. But even Geoffrey of Monmouth, whose statue stands in the atmospheric Circle of Legends at Tintern station along with King Arthur's, admits that Arthur originated in England and the legend spread across the border.
I swear I'm not overstating this. More than any book I ever read, more than any film I ever saw, the music and lyrics of Jackie Leven changed my life. In the late 1970s and early 80s, as charismatic leader of rock n roll outsiders Doll By Doll, he wrote haunting and visionary songs that once heard were never easily forgotten – for example:
Earrings: Gift from the boyfriend, from some random shop he discovered in downtown San Antonio, TX during his most recent business trip
His own work and life exist in the place where the artistic and political meet. What is it about artistic practice that has a relevance to the wider society and lifestyle in general? And to the inner life of the individual in particular?
“Zephyr.”
- there is an argument
Of that wide water, inescapable.
Now you need to create a pocket or something to hold the giftcard on the inside so it doesnt get lost.
This tendency is especially maddening when it pertains to the person’s own lane. If you have the privilege of a certain amount of autonomy within your lane of work, use that to it’s maximum not to get away with whatever you can, but to notice problems and tackle them. I tell our incoming staff members – “Leave your job better than when you found it.”
Are you sorry we drifted
And, since i am very much in Verdi mood, due to the Macbeth at the ROH, here is one of those amazingly beautiful arias Verdi wrote for tenors like no other :-)
For those who haven’t travelled Etihad; I recommend to do so. Not only are you greeted by energetic authentic music; but the majority of announcements aren’t in English. Meaning, you can ignore and tune out. And that is exactly what I did for the most (minus two hours spent watching the painfully terrible remake of Footloose).
However, that’s not where ends is it? Adam would not have suffered the terrible death he did were there not a market for the medicine which his tiny body parts became. As Adam died in England, we must assume that market is now in England. Medicine made from bits of little Adam was almost certainly administered to tens, maybe hundreds of people, here in England. As muti is no secret in the ex-patriot African community, many, maybe most, will have known exactly what that medicine contained.
Fourthly, we praise Him in regard to His most noble creature, viz., man. We praise Him principally in regard to men who serve their Creator in love.
Lets do Friday first. I...wasn't unduly impressed with this. Slasher flicks are not my favorite movie meat at any time of day and, while I'm interested in the Friday series for a number of reasons, the actual content of the story isn't high on the list! I find the durability of the franchise fascinating (12 films, the last in 2009), the role it has in the development of modern horror, the impact it has on other films, on pop culture in general (who doesn't have some faint "back of the brain" recognition of "Crystal Lake" or "Jason"?), and so on and so forth.
Grossberg, Lawrence (1992) We gotta get out of this place New York and London: Routledge.
Grate cheese into the vegetable mixture and toss. When meat mixture cools, add it to the vegetables and mix well. Beat four eggs and heavy cream together and pour into meat mixture. Using your hands, make sure everything is well incorporated and transfer to two oiled baking dishes. Preheat oven to 400 degrees and bake for 20 minutes covered and 20 minutes uncovered.
That being said, I am also sorry that I have not sent you flowers. I wanted to, but my credit cards were stolen and I still have not gotten the replacements. My purchasing power is shot to hell. Rich seems gleeful about this. I wonder why.
I think I'm going to make this a late resolution for 2011: When I pick up a To Do list, find the item I want to do least, and take care of it first.
Yeah, yeah, there are features, too. Honestly, they are rarely that good. I share Mick's philosophy that if a feature film is worth it, it will make it to wide release, but the docs almost never do. Seriously, some of the best docs ever were premiered here...like "Spellbound," "Crawford," and "Gigantic: A Tale of Two Johns," just to name a few off the top of my head.
It’s a tough job but someone’s gotta do it! (I don’t sarcastically mean the lounging, I literally mean the painting). I could have (almost did) pay someone else to paint for me but I figured this is one of the few things I can do myself so let’s save some dough.
“No,” he says.
(Author and Teacher of Jhana and Vipassana Meditation)
Emerson was a medium-sized city in an unnamed eastern state. It bordered the Atlantic, was a popular summer destination for vacationing families from the mid-west and Canada’s Quebec province. Emerson was well-known for its seafood, sandy beaches and a theme park with a spectacular Ferris wheel that rested adjacent to Harris Beach. The Ferris wheel, aptly named the ‘Harris Wheel’ offered breathtaking views of Emerson’s city skyline, as well as a view of the ocean and the distant Rogers Island. The Harris Wheel was a popular place for a wedding proposal or a first kiss under the glimmering moonlight with the ocean and city far below. Emerson had a feeling somewhere between the big city and a small town. It had something for everyone.
And even when sisters are different,
How is appreciation shown to you for Teacher Appreciation Week?
Apparently one person is pretty hacked off about that...
-I've been working on this since I found a cupboard full of them! I now carry bags for life in my handbag.
Jimmy Jimmy
Support
nice. They're saying this weekend should be warm and I've got my fingers crossed it is. I can't wait to do some spray painting! I have a lamp that's been screaming for a makeover since the day it was given to me. Weather permitting, I should be sharing it with you next week. =) Speaking of makeovers, did anyone notice the little makeover to the blog? Please let me know how you like it. I would love any critiques, good or bad. : )
Best Information session: #1 Haverford (for athletes), #2 Dickinson
We have been promised (!) that the Cookie Swap will happen again next year - I will definitely be participating again, and looking forward to connecting with another 6 wonderful people. If you're keen to join us, you can sign up here, and maybe you'll be getting some biscuits from me next year! A big thank you to the organisers, Julie and Lindsay - it was a blast, and if you need help organising the UK side of things next year, I'm happy to help!
To remain true to our Berlin heritage, the citizens (also known in my circle as Berliner Bears) are good hibernators. When we absolutely MUST get out, we scurry from place to place bundled up against that unforgiving wind out of Mother Russia.
For those unfortunate enough to fall ill and have a job, The Group Practice is their first port of call. To gain admission, they must first ring the Gatekeepers at least thrice, repeating the chant ‘I want to see a doctor’. Only when this incantation has been uttered for half a day, will the gatekeepers stop trying to fob them off with an appointment with Nursey and give them a date to see the Practitioner sometime in the distant future. With further persistence, however, they will eventually be allowed admission through the hallowed doctor’s portal leading to the Group Practice. When they do finally gain entry to the Group Practice, they will first encounter an interminable line of indigenous farmers and weavers queuing up for repeat prescriptions for various archaic illnesses such as bubonic plague, St. Vitus’ Dance and dropsy. When they ultimately get to the front of the queue, a surly receptionist will announce their name, address and ailment in a very loud voice and then direct them to sit in the waiting room for five hours where the only diversion is a well-thumbed copy of Sheep Lover monthly.
Excerpt;
Now this is the point of my post. People seem to freak out when they have to give away their email. You can tell them that they can unsubscribe. You can have the best anti-spam record. They FREAK OUT.
To watch a movie with my family, on my own couch, without marinating in their farts.
To show thy grace is great and ample;
* $200.00 JustRite shopping spree
12. If you’re lucky enough to have grandchildren, you can send them home whenever they are getting on your last nerve. You can play rent-a-kid with them.
Next up was John Heylin who remarked "The chiles are noticeable, but not that hot. It's smokey." Colin James, who graciously hosted the bottle share at his apartment agreed "You can certainly taste the chile powder". Both Chuck Lenatti and I noticed a metallic taste. There are know-it-alls who claim "metallic" is an off flavor, but it actually provides a mysterious complexity to the brew. Beyond that, the silence was a little telling. Nobody came out and said "I don't like this" or even "this sucks" something people often think, yet rarely say, but nobody said "this is good" or "I like it" either. Never the less, I'll take this polite awkward silence as a ringing endorsement from the Bay Area Beer Bloggers of my latest home brew.
"They've let Horst Dornbusch write the articles on Scottish beer." How my heart sank when I read those words. Ace fantasist Horst being allowed to write about Scottish beer in the "Oxford Companion to Beer".
Application Supplements: Please Complete BOTH and submit via email
I have to decide between 4 people to represent ME, MY family and MY community, I have to pick the person that I think will best fit in with MY views and MY opinions, and be able to get them across for the benefit of MY friends and community.
Lift your voice to Him and say Father, don’t let me miss my breakthrough tonight, go ahead talk to the Almighty God… in Jesus might name we have prayed.
Last but not least was the few minutes I got to sit in on the Voice Actors panel and listen to them go on and on. I wish I got to see them more this year but I felt like they were barely around. Maybe next year. Always a good group though. Always.
The custom figures are pretty damn awesome too. Maxwell Lord as the Black King looks great but I gotta say something about that Checkmate knight figure really steals the show. In fact, that might be the best custom action figure ever made I think it would make a great birthday or Valentine gift for your wife and or girlfriend.
You don’t have to start drinking to improve your heart health, however. Plenty of other lifestyle changes can improve your health in a similar manner to alcohol, such as regular exercise and a healthful diet.
Chaelura spoke to us about Mass Effect 3, and her thoughts on how she did not like ME1, but loved ME2
Blew off the test?
Okay Internets, I’m going for full disclosure here. Total honesty. Shocking admission here, folks. Judge me if you must.
Sacramento, Calif. (January 16, 2010) – Round 1 of the Sacramento Classic ended with a bang, as fan favorite JB Mauney (Mooresville, N.C.) won the Cooper Tires matchup against 2009 World Champ Kody Lostroh (Longmont, Colo.). Going into the special round, Mauney had the higher score, so he got to choose his bull first. He went with Troubadour (Julio Moreno Bucking Bulls). Since Mauney picked his bull first, Lostroh got to ride first. But tonight wasn’t Lostroh’s night… he bucked off of Necessary Evil (Don Kish Bucking Bulls) after just 3.0 seconds. All Mauney had to do was ride longer than that. Not only did Mauney stay on Troubadour longer than 3 seconds, he managed to pull in one of the highest scores of the night: 89.0. Mauney was presented with a $10,000 check from Cooper Tires for his win.
Shimelle is now doing a class all about this approach to organise your layouts and adding your story back into your albums. I am so happy I signed up to it. Already. Day 1 in!!
As someone has kindly commented, out in the world for those to whom law applies, what has taken place is theft. For those consider themselves above the law of both God and man, what has taken place is just revenge because if you're poor, or homeless or without power or status in this World, your rights mean nothing.
11.DAvid Hasslehoff (famous in Germany for singing, i dunno how but i guess Germans have weird taste)
This is for the Queens of the world. In every shade and every shape. For the scarred and the scared. For the bold and the wise. For the revolutionary and the traditionalist. For the swell of your breasts as you feed our kin and hide in closed quarters in shame. For the stories of your tongue, the stories of your hips, your eyes, your hands. This is for your battles lost and those you’ve yet to win. But you will. This is for the eccentric thoughts in your mind, your hopes and dreams.
…The local Loddon Brewery provides us with our bespoke ale — Leaping Lamb (3.9% ABV) – which is very popular at £3.50 a pint. We sell four pints of bitter for every one pint of lager.FFS, bring me a Big Mac and a pint of Holt’s.
GDT June
Here are a couple of examples.
I know I keep saying it but I really do hope to get this blog back up and running soon. Don't expect too much though for a least another month. Hopefully, when I get back I will have a bunch of new ideas that you may find useful in the coming school year.
work is done.
Tuesday, August 28th–I had a long phone call with the IRS.
I’m not a huge cookbook collector. Mostly I don’t use recipes. The two go-to books I relied on were the 1970s edition of The Joy of Cooking and the Better Homes and Gardens New Cookbook. If I needed to make a pie crust or cook a lobster tail that’s where I turned for advice. I had a couple of beautiful cookbooks with gorgeous pictures and never got around to making a single thing out of them. The exception to all this is Secrets of Jesuit Breadmaking, which I loved loved loved and made almost every single recipe in. I even broke my writing in books rule to put personalized comments on the recipes, how we liked them, what changes I made. And later I bought the author’s second book on making soups. These are books I will definitely be replacing, because not only are the recipes good, they are spiritual books filled with interesting and inspiring stories. And the premise of the bread-making book is that making bread is a spiritual experience–the author examines his conscience as he mixes his dough each day.
I was going to start a seperate page for a more personal blogging area (you know....more about my life then crafting) but I decided why make it a seperate page??? I will just kind of include it right here on my craft page. I mean crafting is part of my personal life too!!! So some posts may contain only personal day kind of stuff and others will be crafty kinds of stuff! I think you all can handle that!! I promise not to bore you!
Who Pictures of Lilly UK
South USA — Texas (south texas ).. moving northeast from Brownsville .. south of Houston out to sea… will come back ashore at some point NE of Houston.. most likely a bit west of New Orleans….. Then will be moving NE through Mississippi, Alabama, Georgia, South/North Carolina , and possibly the panhandle north portion of Florida.
After trying two or three bricks I ordered silk tops. I spun a sample un-dyed and found the fibres to be more consistent and it was much easier to control the style/smoothness of yarn. Maybe I had hit on the solution to being disheartened about spinning my favourite fibre. Then came the test dyeing the tops.
Sounds like quite a show, but alas, there will be no Taco Bell Dorito Taco Locos Supreme featured this evening. Sorry.
3. The Police "King of Pain" 4:53
Why does the child have to speak quietly and respectfully to the adult, while the adult gets to be verbally abusive and rude to the store clerk when they can't find something?
There's a door entry system there now at all times due to theft in the past, which is a real shame, but looking at the extent of wine bottles and straight from the cask wine I guess it's a sensible precaution. Beer wise there was only Williams Brothers, Coopers and (thankfully) the full-house of beers from the recently opened St Andrews Brewing Co - a nice set of branded bottles. I was hoping to also try a couple of these at the Beer Festival, but at least I now had some back-up.
Audio codecs for cell phones need to have very low latency between source encoding and playback. In contrast, audio codecs for recording or broadcast can use high-latency audio compression techniques to achieve higher fidelity at a lower bit-rate.
I've never been super athletic. I enjoy sports, and I certainly wouldn't be considered "girly", but I never excelled at any particular sport either. I played softball for many years, and I would say that I "wasn't bad".
You'll be better off starting over with the the name of the main character, what choice she has to make, and what the dire consequences are for each.
And in choosing shows, the audience is free to be guided by its own instincts, not the second-hand views of others. They can experiment without financial penalty. And experimenting — watching something without recommendation, almost at random — is the essence of a festival calling itself Fringe. Among our achievements has been the restoration of the Fringe to the people of its host city.
I understand that you are under a lot of pressure to give up the fight for Longmont and give in to demands from COGA and even the Colorado Government and allow largely unregulated fracking in Longmont.
turf fields opposite the Boat House whilst at Collard’s there were 8 Goldeneye (3 drakes), more Wigeon, Pochard and Tufted Duck but not in big numbers while Brendan got a year tick when 5 Linnets landed in a bush not far from where we stood. No sign of any Firecrests in the spot we’d had them a few weeks back and a final look at Cow Corner before we parted company for home in with a large flock of Greylag Geese we re-found the 5 Tundra Bean Geese. I got home just in time to see the gorgeous Jessica Ennis win the 60m hurdles and become the
Annabella Do you find there is a color palette you come back to again and again?
How do you deal with "the thirst"? Will it ever go away? And my God, the withdrawals, no one wants that. But you do it. And then life improves, if only a bit.
Did everyone have a fabulous Christmas? I sure did! My week was spent at Christmas parties, Christmas plays, EATING and shopping until I couldn't take one more step.
All I see is my reflection and I stare
Dear Ma,
The pleasant light of day;
Ronnie called Nazareth up to the stage, and he made sure Sin City was next to him as well. At this point no drinks were being served; the bus boys weren’t clearing any tables, the bartender lit up a cigarette. No one took their eyes off the stage; everyone was just waiting to see what was going to happen next. After a brief huddle between the musicians, Ronnie stepped to the mic and said – “here’s an old one from The Top Notes, we had a hit with it, and then some guys from England grabbed it.” Ernie kicked into Twist and Shout, and a joyous noise filled the room. Not everybody knew all the chords, but it didn’t matter. The bartender and waitresses knew how this one went and their voices filled in any musical cracks. When it was over Manny apologized to Sin City, told them he was wrong to say anything. Their lead singer said – “no man, you were right. Either make it your own – or don’t do it.”
is evening's kiss
Lonely in a crowded room
For the dresser I used Wildflower blue spray paint. I long for the day when I can get a real paint sprayer. So until then I will use spray paint on some of my projects.
But since I am scheduled to help at the library today, I decided to get into the spirit.
At one point during the ultrasound I noticed that she was measuring this large, blank space at the back of the baby's head and neck about a zillion times. I finally asked her what she was measuring. Looking back on it, she acted awkward, uncomfortable, and worried. And I totally missed it. She told me it was just part of the body and shrugged it off. And I bought it. Ruben and I both looked at each other like, that's weird, but were too enamored to give it more thought.
My daughter, growing up with a suspicious cop for a father, is convinced Girl Scouts are scammers, one step removed from terrorists. She’s got it in her head that Brownies use their cute little smiles to get cash for cookies, then laugh at us for buying such expensive & fattening treats, so many stupid boxes at a time.
nothing visible beyond the circle of our selves
These issues are really central to my art.
Playing.
Nearing the end of my coffee i felt someone tap me on the shoulder, i turned round and this angry looking old man (not the same one as before) was standing there.
from the stereo.We drove through the Quebec countryside for the rest of the afternoon, on into evening, at which point we were getting painfully close to the coast, close to the gulf of the Saint Lawrence river, that salt water, rocky shored, beautiful place.
8. Her Computer (Yes she has her own, it is an old junker from our uncle)
Heather MacDonald, writing an opinion in the Wall Street Journal, seized falling crime statistics and stated this trend singly destroyed the logic linking poverty with crime.
Obviously, in the free enterprise system, attention must be paid to the demands of the viewing audience, particularly when, as with HBO, one does not engage in the compromises of generating so-called `free' TV by accepting advertising. But advertising -supported broadcasting needs its audiences too. Rupert Murdoch has owned and controlled many press outlets in his empire: He nevertheless doesn’t conform their content to make their points of view identical or too perceptibly identical to his own. When he bought the Wall Street Journal he knew he would lose its audience if he stopped providing what its readers considered reliable news and made its content like that of the Fox network or his tabloids. (Even if the Journal is looking more tabloid-ish these days- see picture.) It is around the edges together with wherever it is critical where you see the results of Murdoch ownership and control.
This time we didn't get lost, we just palyed and laughed. Here I am with AM and her big, happy smile. She really didn't stop giggling until we went back to the beach. Luke just wanted to talk to the nice park workers at the dock, and kept trying to run onto other boats while we were getting our stuff off our boat. Brian was pretty sore after pedalling for an hour - I wasn't too bad, as I do that regularly on my way to work (though with all my trips I really need to get back into the habit of riding again.
So he again curses, punar mūṣiko bhava: “Again you become mouse. Again you become mouse.”
2/3 c brown sugar
To read the article, see:
Pork Tenderloin – at our grocery store they have pre-packaged pork loin that are seasoned – we like the peppercorn & garlic seasoned one! It’s usually about 18oz
I might publish the actual entries that I wrote as I counted down to what I believed then was my impending doom. I had read up enough on the thing to know that I had a three-month window between a hideous death and the possibility of a reprieve.
“Go back there to sit.
That was truly an enjoyable Sunday. So much so that I'd absolutely forgotten about the 4th anniversary of my blog. Looking at the amount of posts that I'd written this year, it seems like I'm bastardizing my blog. I'm not. I did mention, in one of my anniversary posts, that a blog is like one's child. Because you love it, you'll put in effort to ensure that it's taken care of. I believe my child has grown up. We've reached a level of understanding that infrequent postings do not equate to a love lost. In fact, I enjoy writing more now than, say 2008, because I begin to understand my priorities. So, I spend, whenever I can, more quality time in collecting and expressing my thoughts here rather than churning posts that mean nothing to me. Happy belated 4th anniversary, Black Tie White Lie.
Multimedia assessment? Contravene current institutional upload limits, no server for the huge files to sit on.
Another example with a negative space and color contrast. In this image some melon seeds were placed beside the water melon. With such a empty space every little element gets more attention like here the seeds. This effect is based on a 'room contrast' (small-to-big-contrast). And although the seeds just take a very small portion of the image, their meaning is enmphasized by the negative space. When there would be more side elements here the meaning of the seeds would be reduced.
Then, in a second part of the experiment, the researchers had the kids pick one marker from their set to keep as a gift. Once the kids had chosen, the researchers tried to persuade them to give back their marker in exchange for other gifts. The kids who had chosen from 24 markers did this far more easily than those who had chosen from only three markers. According to Schwartz, this suggests that the kids who had fewer markers to select from not only focused better on their drawings, but also committed more strongly to their original gift choice.
Clap
And since Thursday, when the thought of ending this obsessive foray into veganism first crossed my mind, I have been able to hear Him so easily in the spaces of each anxious breath, urging me to quiet my thoughts and turn them to Him. You are safe with Me, I hear over and over. You are forgiven. You are loved.
So this is zee end. We are flying home to France from zee USA today. It's zee end of the Blogging A to Z Challenge. Soon it will be zee end of our time in France and we'll be moving.
Best moment this week: Making it a total of 4 days without puking. That is all a distant memory now.
Credit @247Greene!
So why is it okay out but not at home? I have no idea. I decided to give it a whirl at Thathouse and it was met with great approval. Garlic bread serves as an excellent way to sop up the extra tomato sauce from most pasta dishes. It's perfect both for whetting your appetite before the meal, and wrapping it up afterward.
Livewithfruit had the excitement of going to a ball last week where blog regulars Tipsy Young Lady (TYL) Girl With the Black Dress (GWTBD) and livewithfilm were all in attendance. Needless to say an in-depth discussion of fruit was entered into. Considerable scorn reserved for the strawberry cheesecake but great praise for the freshness and crunch of the Grapes accompanying the cheese board.
Eventually the sound checking started around 3pm, and we all got to go in to keep out of the sun. Finally we were all kicked out, and went back in again minus a corner of our tickets at about 4pm. This is the absolute norm here, and I have come to accept that no matter how late I think I am, I will never be too late to miss the opener. So the next time you start grumbling about a gig starting twenty five minutes late at the Underworld or wherever, just stop.
Fashion magazines have long been criticised for promoting an unrealistic beauty, and with the use of Photoshop, that often results in images of models and celebrities looking unrealistic.
Yes you read that right…3 AM.
Liberals don't have a problem with Libertarians, while at the same time they virtually hate Conservatives.
These large jars are holding small pieces of fabric. They look so pretty all together.
all you rubes with your nose uptight,
She could not have surprised me more if she told me I was growing a tail. I think this means I’m a naive jackass or else Ms. Didion is correct in her assertion that our children remain unknown to us.
Display engineering deals with the computer science online university with the computer science online university a computer to make it on time and effort to insure academic success. Use that analytical head of yours for precision scheduling of your daily routine. This should assure allocation of an ample daily allotment of attention to the computer science online university of the computer science online university or problem. A software tech will be emailed back to you.
Newt Gingrich, as anyone who might possibly care knows by now, has withdrawn from the race for the Republican presidential nomination or, in current political speak, he has suspended his campaign.
A ruling by a state appeals court last week, stemming from one of the lawsuits over the project, may cause additional delays in putting up most of the housing — though not in building the arena itself — by requiring the state to conduct a new environmental impact statement.
Not that he gives a rat's arse. (Then how come so many of his recent blogs have stats focused?)
Most schools are looking to improve their image with awesome new uniforms and cool redesigns of their mascots, but not Florida State. Nope, the Noles are taking a step backwards and making My Little Pony their mascot.
Best Screenplay:
3. Never, ever despair, no matter what: “Let us eagerly draw near to Christ, and let us not despair of our salvation. For it is a trick of the devil to lead us to despair by reminding us of our past sins” (St. Makarios of Egypt, 5th century). “When someone is defeated after offering stiff resistance, he should not give up in despair. Let him take heart, encouraged by the words. . . . God raises up all who are bowed down (Psalm 145:14). Do all in your power not to fall, for the strong athlete should not fall. But if you do fall, get up again at once and continue the contest. Even if you fall a thousand times. . . . rise up again each time” (St. John of Karpathos, date unknown).
Cayce picked up photography again in Selma, Alabama. He also opened a Sunday school. In his spare time, he gave readings and his wife Gertrude asked the questions while he “slept.” Later, Cayce hired a secretary, Gladys Davis, to write down all the information given in the readings.
David Tutera called me charming!
Ok, so my latest installment of Thankful Thursday is happening today instead of yesterday, but better late than never, right?
Ink: None
‘We will hopefully see more retail bond offerings in the near future. With the strong first-day performance of the Genting perp in the retail market, this will certainly spur more interest from potential issuers and hasten more discussions for similar offerings,’ he told The Straits Times.
Of that 1%, we supposedly emit, the governments wants to reduce it by 20% which is 1/5th of .0000008 =...00000016% effect per year they would have on the world CO2 emissions based on their own figures.
PLEASE click here DONATE to help send SteinAlive and CHLY to the Symbiosis Gathering by using a credit card or PayPal account (secure). If you’re not comfortable with internet payments, please use the comment box at the bottom of this page, or email me privately to make arrangements: steinaliveonchly (at) hotmail (dot) com I thank you in advance for your support!
For chain’d beneath I rend these caverns: when thou bringest food
I've started to use Google's +1 (Plusone) on my blog as you can see, I've read so many good things about it; maybe you know, We'll see +1's on Google search and it will make you more popular so if you have a web site or a blog you should think about it, too. And please don't hesitade to test my plusones. :)
By the way, I wonder what identity the Deputy FM thinks Israeli Arabs should be proud of. The country does not recognize an Israeli nationality; instead, it divides its citizens into up to six different national groups which have little in common. Hebrew could be an agglutinating factor, as is the case in other small countries like Estonia where the language defines the nation; but again, speaking the language means nothing to the State, to the point that lawmaker Ahmed Tibi, a fluent Hebrew speaker, will always be irrelevant because he's an Arab, while Avigdor Lieberman, a terrible Hebrew speaker, is the Foreign Minister.
Plus, we have a few projects to share with you today for inspiration from our Design Team!
The moon was glorious too. I took another picture of it when I got home.
It is noted that, as much as one can be aware, given the signs and exhortations from the electronic and entertainment media that this year is the bicentenary if Charles Dickens birth and therefore a reason for celebration. As a result we have a few events happening that reflect this celebration of England’s most recognised writer, so it was deemed pertinent that a post regarding such events was a necessary course to pursue. I draw to your attention the most excellent event in September this year given the title Promenade that has a Dickens flavour to its activities to be conducted and enjoyed on the Isle of Sheppey. This event and our encouragement to become involved is posted on the events page.
Have you ever sent an email to the wrong person? What was the result? Please make me feel better. I'm dying here. And have you got a new Life Rule to add to the handbook?
And rain, a meager rain that smelt of dust in
10. Encourage the equine to smell your equipment before placing on them, saddle, pads, bridle, approach retreat
If the programme's not the one you want, get up, turn off the set
815 D-VI/1/1981. “The Uses of ‘Nature’ in Machiavelli’s The Prince.” Chicago Area Political Theory Conference, Chicago, Illinois.
Other than those jobs and a couple of other odd ones, I've been a barista at various cafes since I was 19 and it's something I alternately really enjoy and really hate (because people are so stupid, but whatever).
TOYOTA - The One You Ought To Avoid
Possibly still on sale in Lidl, £1.49 500mls, this is from Shepherd Neame and its their 4% abv Double Stout with the Master Brewer label.
It runs on Taliban-like fatwas to TV channels to not air the dubbed content than going by the merits/demerits of demand for dubbed content in the market. It runs by sucking tax payers money in the form of subsidies offered to almost 60% of films made every year than going through the test of markets. And it also runs on blaming government for its failures day in and day out.
Hollywood has seen beauty evolve through the decades, from the silent flicks to the present day blockbusters, the most glamourous women in the world have been up in lights on the silver screen.
It's everything I wanted for you and yet, some days the realization that this is just the beginning of letting you go breaks my heart.
OOAK Sculpted Hag
...kinda.
Here’s what I have so far:
I love flowers. If we ever win the lottery, I am going to have fresh flowers delivered to the house once a week!!!! Carnations are the flower for the month of January. Carnations is also the flower you would give someone on their first anniversary and this is my first....so carnations all around!!!!! And I love carnations. They are a hearty flower that if you cut the stems every other day and change the water, they can last 2 weeks or more. And maybe it doesn't hurt to add that stuff they give you when you buy flowers!!!!
Season, to taste, with salt and pepper, and serve with pita wedges. (I brushed the pita wedges with olive oil and toasted thems).
The Tiger does not relish the Peach
Further, according to plaintiff’s application, the default of defendants Valentin and Ruiz began with the nonpayment of principal and interest due on January 1, 2007. Yet, four months later, plaintiff HSBC was willing to take an assignment of the instant nonperforming loan. The Court wonders why HSBC would purchase a nonperforming loan, four months in arrears?
It seems there's a vein, a streak in American culture production that likes to deny history, and the changes in society, the good and the bad, and all in-between. And now, like the Bible's been changed, Huckleberry Finn will be changed.
5. Tell me about yourself.
Avpixlat (Oracles?) (AP) reports on these problems and many others, objectively, honestly and accurately. AP does the job that the politically correct mainstream media won’t do. So AP is a “pain in the butt” for the media, politicians, criminals and many, many more, since these problems are now being examined.
Here we are sipping our tea. I'm in the background taking it all in. It was almost surreal. The teas we tried were Orange Jasmine, Vanilla Bean, Wild Blackberries and Wild Blossoms and Berries. This is the married side of the room. We didn't realize it until we were seated for about an hour that all the singles were on one side and the married all together. We also realized that the singles are all size 0 and 2. Bless their hearts.
Atlantic Yards project, depriving local community boards, the Brooklyn borough
Upon entering, the receptionist gestures to wait by the member’s area next to the front doors. All types walk through the doors. Through the glass, the woman and trainer from before are doing suicide drills in the hallway.
Though I was prepared for this via a review, it was still remarkable how much of an ensemble film The Dark Knight is. Bruce Wayne/Batman is decidedly *not* foregrounded in either plot mechanics or screen time. I won't take away from the story by explaining further, you'll know what I mean when you see it. Also great is the degree to which the citizens of Gotham are involved in the story. Multiple, nameless Gothamites are essential to the theme of ordinary people taking responsibility for creating civility.
Favorite flower: Gerbera. You can’t help but smile when you see one.
Another example, this goal was to sweep and mop the dining room/office/music room/art studio. It has a piano (upright-not grand!) a dining table that is meant for 1 less person than we routinely have dining there, a kid’s computer desk, my office/art studio/music room (ego stroking again, it is just another computer desk) and a pie safe used as a pantry. Each of these objects are surrounded by art boxes, file boxes, hobby boxes. So we push these boxes under the table to sweep/ mop 1 corner. Then push boxes back, and push another stack under computer desk to sweep mop there. We keep pushing boxes into the one empty space, trying not to trap ourselves. It is quite challenging. And usually right when we are 2 steps from done, something happens. A kid gets hurt (he kicked me Mom!), sick; the phone rings; a toddler needs to potty; the stove timer beeps, time to go to scouts/rehearsal/friends etc. So we learn to live with the boxes in the new location for a few days(weeks, months) until we can get back to that project.
So, here it is......
Q: The state budget is expected to face even deeper cuts in 2011 and into the 2012 fiscal year. What will you promise to do with regard to education funding? Where will the more than $1 billion in estimated cuts to the entirety of state government come from?
Additionally- The first 25 entries will be added to a drawing for a goody box. (contents will be stamping doodads, and stamps) The entries must be received by February 17 to be considered for the drawing.
I just want to say screw you to employers who don't recognize when employees do go above an beyond in their jobs.
I love old time hymns sung acapella and the Issac's always do a great job.
A friend of mine was telling me how bummed she was feeling and the spring couldn't come fast enough for her.
I am a Mommy, and I am a Writer. A mismatch yes, but there it is.
In response to the piece on children's rights which I posted the day before yesterday, somebody commented as follows:
* Planters pecans
In one of his last notes to me, Ned signed off with his familiar combination of irreverence and affection, “keep the faiths, baby.” For all of us determined to keep both faiths in an interfaith family, and for generations of interfaith children who might not be on this earth if it were not for the work and love of Ned and Mary Rosenbaum, his memory will be for a blessing.
And with the supporting cast of real-life characters:
Yes, it’s movie related. Because I’m me.
Could I stay in shape? While on my derriere?
Last night, on the off-day, a few of the Rainiers staffers gathered to watch Felix Hernandez and the 7th game if the Boston-Washington hockey series. Much to my surprise, one of my co-workers revealed that his goal in life was to have his name appear on this blog.
The good and bad
"The illness, though similar to non-paralytic poliomyelitis in many clinical aspect, could clearly be distinguished and was diagnosed as Benign Myalgic Encephalomyelitis.
History is full of such events. On the 22 July 1946 (65 years to the exact day before Breivik committed his act of terrorism) the King David Hotel in Jerusalem was bombed, killing 91 people and injuring another 46, this was an act of terror by the Zionist group Irgun against the British forces which were then in charge of Palestine, and it was one of the main factors which led to the setting up of the state of Israel two years later. The leader of Irgun at the time, and primarily involved in planning the atrocity was Menachem Begin, who went on to become the sixth Prime Minister of Israil, and in 1979 he received the Nobel peace prize.
Even better in person….check them out if you have time! I’ll be listenin to them again in May at Stubbs when they wander back this way!!!
Will be remembered always on the 11th of May.
Some other clearly Leftist initiatives that Mussolini took were a big expansion of public works and a great improvement in social insurance measures. He also set up the "Dopolavoro" (after work) organization to give workers cheap recreations of various kinds (cf. the Nazi Kraft durch Freude movement). His public health measures (such as the attack on tuberculosis and the setting up of a huge maternal and child welfare organization) were particularly notable for their rationality and efficiency and, as such, were rewarded with great success. For instance, the incidence of tuberculosis dropped dramatically and infant mortality declined by more than 20% (Gregor, p. 259). Together with big improvements in education and public infrastructure, such measures gave Fascist Italy what was
My name is Annie and I am a young African Violet.
Then they released the County Fair line, which caused me brief excitement but it was just not the same. I even signed a petition that circulated a while back begging the Powers That Be to do a Flea Market Fancy reprint.
The main disadvantages of this implementation are that deleting a Singleton class/instance is a non-trivial design problem and this implementation is not thread-safe.
I couldn’t take my eyes off her though I was feeling really awkward about staring at her. I knew that she was aware that my eyes were on her. What must she think I am seeing? Childa was still beautiful even at forty-eight. There was no argument there. She was still an enigma to me. Tough as nails, smart, hardworking and really beautiful. People called her the Queen of the dead. I knew she detested it even though she would rather die than let you see how much she was affected by people’s pettiness like she would call them. She wasn’t the Queen of the dead to me. I was the man who was proud to have landed the most mysterious woman people knew…as my wife.
Just before they come out the door in the wee morning hours
When God accomplishes this in your life He gives you authority in your workplace. You will begin to see others drawn to you. You may begin to be ostracized as well. This too is part of your call. Do not fear this. Embrace it.
I want really, really good sex. I don’t want to be wretchedly sick. Or to starve.
Success is rarely random. A poorly organized marketing plan rarely leads to a successful conclusion. It's better to be organized with a meticulous approach to avoid wasting time and money. In other words it's a good idea to get all of your ducks in a row as the saying goes.
Now, let's imagine you wanted to get a little work out by climbing up the stairs. Watch out! In my room are the contents of my Christmas stocking...more chocolate.
Okay, now, for today's post. Sugar Face Scrub. I. Am. In. Love. Seriously. It's the perfect exfoliate. Pure cane sugar, castile soap, sweet almond oil, and essential oil -- all organic, of course.
Ok maybe not propaganda, since the average cybertrooper doesn’t have the brains to spread propaganda. That is left to some rambling canines and angry hacks who when confronted by a backlash, are quick to run with tails tucked between the legs.
this was the dream his father told him to persue
I am scheduled to depart tomorrow, but will probably need a day or two to get organized before I post Hartford photos again. Thanks for visiting while I have been away.
rest of human kind you still want the same things. You’re driven to success.
By Jackie Glosniak
When I got home I opened the back door to scoop it out and release it to save it from dying in my car, which makes me think about my mother who shakes her head at me and says I am just like my grandmother. (all this with the exception of the fly keeping me up the other night of course - in my own defense it's pretty hard to catch and release a house fly) My mother on the other hand just squishes any insect in her path.
These are not just friends and relations who happened to be in the neighborhood when the U.S. government installed Hamid Karzai as president of Afghanistan, a position he has retained through two somewhat questionable elections.
I hope everyone is surviving after that frigidly cold weekend we just experienced. Maybe you all didn’t feel it, but I definitely felt it in Ottawa and I was not too impressed that I had to drag my winter coat out of the closet this weekend. If there’s one thing that puts Toronto above Ottawa, it’s the weather! It’s so freakin’ cold in Ottawa! It’s not even natural sometimes! Thank god summer is on the way…I am already dreaming about patios, beaches, swimming, hot dogs, ice cream, and SUN! Remember when you were a kid and summer seemed to last f0r-ev-err. All you had to do was wake up, find your friends and run around outside all day everyday eating popsicles and filling up your little paper bag with 5 cent candies at the convenience store. Do they still sell 5 cent candies at the convenience store? I may have to check this out one day soon.
As I close this up, I can't seem to shake Chris Rice's song "Come to Jesus" out of my head.
In summary, then:
I get to go to "game day" again tomorrow. I'm looking forward to it - more grown up time - hehehe. Jimmy should like it - he just LOVES going and playing with kids :) I need to go grocery shopping today too. I guess I'll go in the morning. And I need to come up with a menu and shopping list first. And we have a "Mother/Son" dance at the elementary school at 5pm. Sigh. See how quickly my day filled up on me - ROFL!!!
to shake my father's hand.
How do you organize your digital photos? Is it working for you? I'd love to hear how others organize their digital photos, please share!
Well if you didn't make it to the chat tonight you missed the announcement of the new designers!! We have welcomed: Kelly: Just for Fun Designs; CamiJo: CamiJo Designs; Paula: Keystone Scraps; Natasha of Ponytail Designs; Steph of Double Trouble Scraps; Melanie of Beehaven Designs; Jill of Jill Creates; AND ME!!!! Leaving a Legacy Designs will be sold exclusively at Stuff to Scrap for now!! I am so excited to be part of such an awesome team of designers.
Earlier Sibal- while announcing his 100-day agenda after assuming stewardship of the Telecom Ministry- had said the ministry will take concrete steps towards finalization of the NBP, including the strategy for implementation and roll-out of optical fiber networks.
Him: Yes – she’s not pressuring me for anything more serious.
The dog barks frantically and runs to the door. The doorbell crows…literally. It’s probably R. He’s always borrowing my husband’s tools. R’s wife sends her kids over sometimes with a plateful of homemade cookies (which I never refuse). I am a little irritated.
There was only one problem.... the dead voters were not dead, the issues that were involved included clerical errors at the polling place, absentee ballots and scanner failures, but no illegal voting. This dead, stinking, rotting from the head red herring is the only justification that Nikki and her crew can come up with to explain why their voter suppression law is needed, and it failed.
The sky which I look up at
I didn't know what to expect.
That night, a child might understand
Personally, I’ve always felt that the shame comes from hiding them. Yeah, I own Josie & the Pussycats starring the all-but-forgotten Rachel Leigh Cook and Ms. Tara “Bad Boob Job” Reid, what of it? It makes me happy. Now, I’m not saying I find it terribly intellectually stimulating… although one could make a case that the film serves as a scathing indictment of modern consumerism… sorry, that’s the film school talking. The point is, not everything we watch has to be “Best Picture” at the Oscars material. Hell, look at some of the stuff that even the Oscars pick. I mean, seriously? Marisa Tomei won an Oscar for My Cousin Vinny. Don’t get me wrong, fun movie, but it’s hardly a revolutionary achievement in filmmaking.
Love to all of you!
Judith Curry, a climate expert at the Georgia Institute of Technology – who was not part of the analysis – called the study "completely unconvincing" while John Christy of University of Alabama claimed he and other climate sceptics included in the survey were simply "being blacklisted" by colleagues.
Launching himself gracefully on the bed, the cat peered at him from the corner of the mattress. DJ showed him the picture, “I think this is the first time I’ve seen this picture.”
Forgotten moments of who we used to be.
"Shut the fuck up pledge!" He doesn't recognise this voice, and squirms as something is carved into his skin. The cut not too deep and the pain tolerable, he assumes it a badge of honour. A little like the movies he's seen where paratroopers receive their wings upon a bare chest - pin piercing their skin and 'marking' them as a brother in arms for ever. He winces but deals.
Yeah, I wanna believe, I wanna believe that
* one 4 oz Carmex Healing Cream
And she don’t always say what she really means
2. Access to the outdoors–at least one beach day required.
Synthetic Mexican Vanilla
Some students took advantage of the weather in other ways. The “Moss Mile” is the path from the Diplomat Apartments to Pier Village, which has markers every tenth of a mile along the way. People run this route every day, but it was especially crowded due to the beautiful, 85-degree weather.
He waived his right to extradition and will be heading back to Pennsylvania within two weeks.
So she joined the Tea Party to engage in some blood-lust
He looked around and the place did look like a palace indeed! He suddenly noticed that he was no longer alone. A man of regal bearing stood in front of him. He was a middle aged man with a robe woven out of the richest fabric, a neatly trimmed dark bead and a laurel wreath crown. The man walked up to him taking graceful strides.
I thought I would share the morning sun over Surrey. Tika and I breezed through
Do you have favorites I haven't mentioned? If so, could you share them in the comments?
