The Association especially finds paragraphs G -4 and G-5 to be very troubling, along with the requirement of a 10 day notification in order to request that an item be placed on the agenda. Paragraphs E, F, G-1, 2 and 3 are very sufficient safeguards to ensure a productive, safe and orderly meeting and a five day notification would be reasonable.
George Galloway wins Bradford West – a party called Respect. Does this election show that the country is seperated along ethnic and religious lines – it seems to me that George appeals to the Muslim vote.
“The peculiar character of social-democracy is epitomized in the fact that democratic-republican institutions are demanded as a means, not of doing away with two extremes, capital and wage labour, but of weakening their antagonism and transforming it into harmony. However different the means proposed for the attainment of this end may be, however much it may be trimmed with more or less revolutionary notions, the content remains the same. This content is the transformation of society in a democratic way, but a transformation within the bounds of the petty bourgeoisie. Only one must not get the narrow-minded notion that the petty bourgeoisie, on principle, wishes to enforce an egoistic class interest. Rather, it believes that the special conditions of its emancipation are the general conditions within whose frame alone modern society can be saved and the class struggle avoided. Just as little must one imagine that the democratic representatives are indeed all shopkeepers or enthusiastic champions of shopkeepers. According to their education and their individual position they may be as far apart as heaven and earth. What makes them representatives of the petty bourgeoisie is the fact that in their minds they do not get beyond the limits which the latter do not get beyond in life, that they are consequently driven, theoretically, to the same problems and solutions to which material interest and social position drive the latter practically. This is, in general, the relationship between the political and literary representatives of a class and the class they represent.”
Only one life,
Mahon was executed for murder in September 1924.
I was a lucky duck this year and got to spend Easter week in Paris! I figured I needed to take full advantage of my time there and thus, shopped until I dropped. Below is a list of excellent spots I was quite successful in, as well as my extraordinary finds! I did well!
However, now TrekMovie claims to have confirmed three major spoilers, which I’ll take a look at below the jump.
4) Write a blog post about this giveaway and link me to it in your comment (2 entries)
“When you look at pro-social behaviors,” says David Sloan Wilson, “behaviors that are for the good of the group, they’re not locally advantageous. If you’re an altruist, and you’re doing what’s good for the group, that fundamentally requires time and energy and risk on your part.
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F. Cook turkey balls for about 20-30 minutes until they are slightly browned. Do not overcook or they will be too dry.
Synopsis: Skunk finds a friend after not having any, then is sucked into own family's cult.
"I'm listening," I said.
I also find myself thinking that writing here is kind of pointless. What is there to say that the people that I know read don't already know? Also there's that element of exposure. I've always kept my deepest thoughts, fears and secrets to myself. Not even my best friend in the whole world knows my deep, dark secrets. Fear of rejection? Fear of not being accepted? A deep seeded fear caused by those close to me leaking my secrets to a high school friend's mom causing years of torment and torture. Or fear caused by a drunken mother's inability to keep things to herself and then torturing you in a drunken rage by throwing it all back in your teenage face. It's all embedded deep down in there and I don't know how to let it all go.
That there’s not an Arby’s located in my home town.
Mail Server The man at the pub that brings out the lunch
*This morning I took an early train to a town not far from Montepellier called Agde. Why? Well because the parents of my bestie Bannie's boyfriend, J-Dawg, live here. They're Irish but his dad always worked in France and the States and now that they're retired, they've settled here. J-Dawg's mom moved to France from Ireland when she was 26. She quit her job, didn't really know French and felt we may have a few things in common. She told Bannie and J-Dawg that I had to come visit them when Sir Lancelot was away on business. So here I am. We went to lunch by the sea, took a long walk on the beach and then I saw their adorable house tucked away into ancient stone walls that are of course way older than America. Sometimes I just sit and laugh about how strange my life is. Think about it: I'm spending a few days with my friend's boyfriend's parents who I'd never met. They're 79 and 65. Luckily parents like me and I like parents - one of the perks of being an only child.
Contact your favorite diaper company and let them know about this. Get the word out. A lot of reviews are kind of stuck right now and we need people to fill out surveys. When diaper makers post on their walls and sites, where their requests are in the main newsfeed of their fans, the responses sky rocket. So if you can spread the word, please do. I am trying on my end as well, of course!
This post is a bittersweet one for me....
And what lives when it dies and dies when it lives? The characters in this drama?
DB: The one with the tiger on it.
There's nothing but miracles beyond your door
'We are now, I think, beginning to see the pendulum swinging back and saying identity politics is all very well but we have to have some way of putting it all back together again and discovering what is good for all of us and share something of who we are with each other so as to discover more about who we are.’
Keep the faith Wolves fans! TC is here to save the day!
... Yahoo! ... applied for summary judgment or for the claim to be struck out on the basis that they have not used the trade mark or that any use by them did not amount to "trade mark use".
The kit contains 7g of silver clay, enough to make about 8-10 beautiful charms or two or three pendants, and all the tools you need to get started.
We’re glad to have her around.
I have trouble with All or Nothing thinking. I quickly assume the worst, and asume I know what people are thinking or feeling based on a few words, or past behaviors. Example: No one has RSVP’d for the party. Party is 1 week away, yet I assume no is ever going to call because no likes me, knows me, wants to know me, is upset about something I said years ago, everyone in this town is best friends and I am the only mom outside the loop.
Ms. Brown’s life comes to a tragic end a little after this point in the story. She was 29 years old, a homeless mother of 2. She was on Medicaid, and as an autopsy revealed, dying from the blood clots that originated in her legs and spread to her lungs.
She rolled her eyes. “I’ve never heard that line before.”
Documentation about this record is scant. Although Björk often alludes to it, precise details are hard to come by. And with the singer on a promotionaly tour of Japan and Australia at the time of writing, I turned to one of the few people with first-hand knowledge of this early release: Hildur Hauksdottir - Björk's mum.
The tree chuckled. Instead of the whispering leaves, a low, rumbling utterance of human speech came from the redwood tree. “Regnans? What brings you to my neck of the woods?” He blinked again. “And who is this? A new recruit? A human? A Chosen?”
The seeds, from Medwyns, have arrived. I’ve gone for Gladiator for the long parsnip and Sweet Candle for stump carrots. I have some long carrot seeds left over from last year. The remainder of the parsnip seeds will go direct in the bed as they don’t last more than one season.
An unlimited power was also committed to a select committee, consisting of his lordship and four gentlemen, to act and determine every thing themselves, without dependence on the council. It was, however, recommended in their instruction«, to consult the council in general as often as it could be done conveniently ; but the sole power of determining in all cases was left with them, until the troubles of Bengal should be entirely ended. (from Encyclopaedia Britannica: or, A dictionary of arts, sciences, and miscellaneous literature, enlarged and improved, Volume 11; Publisher A. Constable, 1823 edition).
We've enjoyed living in Utah the last six months (minus issues with our neighbors), and we look forward to being out of our apartment in six months and into a house. It's a cruel joke to take someone out of their three bedroom house with a basement and put them in a cramped apartment! But we've adjusted ok and we're anxiously waiting for the day that we can move again. Being on the third floor, the more and more pregnant I get the harder it is to go up and down the stairs with Brycen in my arms. He still isn't really stepping up and down those big steps too well so I feel the need to carry him. It's getting tough. And now that the weather is getting nice he wants to be outside. I don't blame him! It's been beautiful outside. We have a great playground right behind the building that he just loves. But when it comes time to leave he throws a big fit. It's really tough trying to force 31 pounds of toddler back to your apartment on the third floor, with or without a pregnant belly. Lots of kicking and screaming! It makes it hard to take him outside. A lot of the time we have to wait till Tyson comes home and we go after dinner. Or we wait till the weekend. If we had a backyard we we wouldn't have this problem. It's hard for me to watch Brycen cooped up. I've decided, however, that I'm just going to suck it up and let the tantrums come. At least he'll have gotten to go outside. We're looking forward to Hogle Zoo soon!
Derbyshire’s article is a perfect example of both of these effects. Far from being hateful or racist, the tone of the article was one of stoical regret that things had to be the way they are, but that, because of undeniable facts, certain precautions were advisable to safeguard one’s children. Writing with his usual honesty and thoroughness, it wasn’t long before he was unwittingly saying things that couldn’t help but be offensive to Blacks, while nevertheless being completely true.
Washing dishes, doing laundry, making beds, sitting with Princess reading a book, watching t.v, or blogging…Whatever task I am doing, he wants to be there.
reflects from the bookspine.
Raye’s final years were spent dealing with ongoing health problems. She suffered from Alzheimer’s disease and had lost both legs in 1993 due to circulatory problems. She died of pneumonia on October 19, 1994, after a long history of cardiovascular disease. Raye was 78 years of age, and residing in Los Angeles at the time of her death.
This book’s cover is showy, so you can look for it soon. Please read this book.
That night the picture stood on the dressing-table on his bedroom, lit by the warm glow of the firelight. The following day it lay under lock and key in the manager’s office, while Athelstan Digby busied himself with the affairs of the West African Industrial Mission, and Mr. Evans, far away in Bradborough, cashed a cheque for three thousand guineas.
But that “figuring it out” part? NOT EASY! I underestimated how much, going in.
I also had a chance to add our party packages back to the shop. These are customer favorites for sure! They feature all of Pretty Smitten's favorite party items, all in one listing. It's the perfect party for 12. You get 12 invitations, 12 note cards, 12 cupcake toppers, 12 favor tags, 12 napkin rings and 1 cake topper. Need more then 12? Or want to add additional party items like a pennant banner, tented signs or party circles? Everything can be customized, just contact me for a listing that contains everything you need for the perfect Pretty Smitten party.
Well, today I guess I was. Coach and I had a good walk and our own private body guard was there to keep us safe! LOL ( CoachAlex knows what I'm talking about and so does Johnny Boy who has made a complete recovery from his recent attack by a mutant killer curb.)
Hope you all have a great tuesday
I wish she new that her brown skin
Death is a favourite subject for YA authors. Dead boyfriends, dead siblings, dead friends. Teens hovering between life and death. Murder. Suicide. Terminal illness. And that's not even going near the paranormals.
I first became introduced and hooked on Laura Ashley back in the 1980's when Diana, Princess of Wales wore her clothes.
“We’re still on that? Okay. Concentrate, and listen carefully. As you know, the Cosmist collective is more similar to myself than a cow is. I understand the Cosmist collective. Your intellects are familiar, transparent, and frankly, uninteresting. The cows, on the other hand- wow! Why anybody would actually choose to be a cow when they could be a radically enhanced transhuman is a mystery. This is something I’ve got to figure out!”
You've still got a couple of weeks to enter - so dig out your masculine colours and get creative for the fellas and you could still be in with a chance of winning all the craft goodiness that's on offer - check out the original blog post that is a sticky at the top of the blog for prize details and the linky tool.
Of course, with this recent success, Joe has plans to turn the garage into a boutique mushroom farm, having heard rumours that you can grow mushrooms from spent mushroom compost from industrial mushroom farms. After a spot of research, Joe has located a mushroom farm only 10 minutes away in an abandoned railway tunnel. stay tuned.
LRGP provide a diagram for the Inerters mounting. This being a typical position between the pushrod rockers. No doubt a similar mounting is found between the rear pull rod rockers. Externally it would be hard distinguish the Fluid Inerter from a Mechanical version. Albeit the Renault front bulkhead design shows almost nothing of the Inerter inside the footwell. The steering rack and anti roll bar getting in the way of the small aperture inside the front of the monocoque. Thus we cannot be clear if the device has raced.
Originally a British title, the current incarnation has a few odd moments with measurements — as do most European cookbooks adapted to the American market. Understand that "1.1 pounds" of an ingredient was originally "half a kilo" and the recipe flows more easily. Measuring that pesky 0.1 pound exactly then becomes slightly less imperative.
Met the love of my life
This happens to me about... hm.. twice a year?
5. What's the first thing you do when you wake up?
Now the Chinese leadership faces the same dilemma the Russians face. In order to maintain their socialist systems they have to keep repainting history in order to justify their existence. Although in Russia it is a bit different, the same party apparatchiks still run everything…even more incompetently than did the Soviets. There are even people in Russia who declare that Stalin really didn't kill all those people. I guess Hitler didn't kill all those Jews either.
Here is a listing of this week's winnings:
Today in my line up is a fabulous post from the stylish and savvy Haley from Cardigan Junkie. Her blog is full of style tips and great ways to look fabulous while still saving money, check it out as soon as you are done reading her travel advice here!
So Judge Chesler is willing to certify part of the proposed class but plaintiff’s proposal is overbroad and must be restricted to a class of claims they are empowered to settle.
Even one word can say a lot. Choose a word to convey what you feel, dream of, believe in or want. The choice is yours.
I can't believe I didn't mention this before, but I'm going to see Gene Wilder tomorrow night in person at the Castro Theatre. I've had these tickets for months, waiting waiting waiting. He's going to give an hour-long talk before the showing of Young Frankenstein. I mean, give me a break. Gene Wilder, the comedy genius of my childhood and beyond.
To add a human element, Tannen and Denton pick up two survivors, a beautiful girl and a kid. They both bond quickly with Tannen as opposed to the more authoritative Denton. There is a quick scene in which the kid subtlety emulates Denton, as though he admires him, but Denton pays no mind and that is pretty much the end of it. There appears to be a mized ,essage in the film. On the one hand, the more misfit characters say the world would not have been destroyed if everyone had been like them. Well, okay. Pretty much every character but Denton does act that way. Yet Denton is the guy who gets them safely across the united states and into Albany, so he did save the day. Exactly whose philosophy of life is best? We are apparently not supposed to dwell on that, because this is not a particularly introspective film.
By this everyone will know that you are my disciples, if you love one another.”
I wouldn't be here today, with these outlandish thoughts, but for a woman who is doing quite an interesting series on autism and evolutionary psychiatry in a Psychology Today blog. Her name is Dr. Emily Deans. This is her blog.
APA Citation:
We all went out onto “A” deck, trying to find where we were supposed to go. They were then uncovering the boats and making preparations to swing them out. Everything was fairly orderly, and the crew at least seemed to know what they were doing.
Those veterans wouldn’t recognize our world today. It is still difficult to look back at theirs, and at the war they fought.
XMRV and GBV Virus-Host Interaction
GPRS/EDGE class B, multislot class 32, maximum speed 296/177 kbps (DL/UL)
“This gargantuan discrepancy between our ‘official’ debt and our actual net indebtedness isn’t surprising. It reflects what economists call the labeling problem. Congress has been very careful over the years to label most of its liabilities ‘unofficial’ to keep them off the books and far into the future.”
4. Add whipping cream and chocolate chips. Blend together quickly (I use my hands and/or a spatula). Do not overmix.
I haven't made a book box card for years but they seem to be popping up everywhere so I thought I'd give it another try. There are loads of tutorials out there including one in the Magnolia Ink mag so why not have a go.
9. Project Gutenberg- And we're back to the free books. If you are a classic lover with an e-reader this is a great place to load up on free classic lit. Yay!
What do you think? Did your shows make the list?
It's my part of this whole game that I despise so much. I am lucky; my physical recovery from both your birth and your sister's was quick and mostly pain-free. It's just that it's so... unpleasant for those first few days. To be honest, I hate being that in tune with my body. (Those monks with the meditation don't know what the crap they're talking about as far as I'm concerned.) I'd much rather enjoy the blissful ignorance I normally exist in without being so acutely aware of every nook and cranny of my body. Each day for a week or so after you were born I'd put my forehead on the cool mirror of the bathroom, close my eyes, and say, "Buck up, kiddo! This is the worst this will feel because tomorrow will be better than today."
Sky: "Sophie? Aren't we supposed to be pissed at each other based on the last time we saw each other?"
Most of us think we’ll be the exception to the statistics but 3 in 10 twenty year olds will be Disabled at some point in their working careers. The average length of a Disability claim is 31.2 months.
I hope it all works out, I am overloaded with trying to find hoof boots and get Easy Walker shoes,(not to mention, working!). My sister has a guy in her area that did her hitch for her...she is helping me do this. If it does not work out in time...I will stuff Theo in my trailer..and go it with the smaller trailer behind my truck- with out the anti-sway, Load level bars. Not my first choice, but it will not be the extra long load of my sisters trailer.
Male erotic capital can be seen in all kinds of places: gay culture, celebrities and Hakim goes into some detail about notable attractive men (David Beckham, Cristiano Ronaldo and one of my favourite celebrity men: George Clooney). The difference is between men and women, that men may have erotic capital, but it is the perceiver who grants that sexual and social power. Women have so much erotic capital because men are always gagging for it (to put it crudely), and (male) gay culture which has much of an emphasis on looks (such as fasination with body archetypes such as the clones, bears and twinks). Heterosexual men only would have erotic capital if women desired them, and the stats show that women tend to be less sexually focused so proportionately it is women who have most to gain from exploiting their looks, compared to men. That’s not of course to say men do not use erotic capital either, just that its not as big a part of an inventory.
- pumpkin pie
Suddenly it was born, the Reuben Challenge. Both Kallay and I set out to find this sandwich. We wanted to hunt it down, and try it out. At the least if we didn't like it we at least gave each other something fun to do with our time and something to blog about, right?
08 Ghosts On Water
Gail
November raged and birds were blown about. Humans and animals prepared for what was to come. Early December brought some sunny days, but there was a chill in the air that nobody could really pretend was unfamiliar.
A great shimmery, pigmented gloss that's a very wearable color
I know I said I was doing this just for myself and was not even sure anyone would find this interesting, but it is surprising how many people from the real (non-virtual) world have approached me in the street, at the school gate, in the local cafe, at parties or even in meetings to comment on the images. You maybe a quiet bunch on-line but I am glad to know you are out there!
As I said in the previous article, I may have more to add to this later, or may discover a more elegant way to do this, but for now, it works for me. If you can’t get it to work for you, you have my sympathy, but I’m afraid that’s about all.
This week the challenge is to use Stickles (or any other form or glitter glue) somewhere on your project. As always, we would love for you to include a wonderful image from Squigglefly; to win a prize you must do so, but it is not required to participate.
Dazzled by magic,
Follow your own path; do something you love and do it well. It will be enough.
It's pretty much a given that if you're making music like I do, you will invariably have a field-recording style sample of some kids playing on the playground mixed into your shit somewhere. It's possibly a lost-youth/wish for innocence metaphor?? Who knows, but a lot of songs have it. I don't think City Center actually has any, but many a day I have walked by this school in Ypsi called New Beginnings Academy and heard the future poets, doctors and practitioners at play.
I have yet to figure out why my headache is worse in the mornings and in the evenings.
Barth feared rooting dogmatics in the human subject, whether in Kantian morality, Schleiermachian experience or Ritschlian historical phenomena, because it fell victim to Feuerbach’s condemnation. Barth sought to preserve the transcendence of the Word of God and the contemporary presence of the Word of God by viewing scripture, not as a static, historical deposit, but as a contemporary, dynamic revelation, a divine in-breaking through our broken noetic structures to which we then respond as “acted-upon-objects.”
Most protection sports are modeled to some extent on police dog training. The most common protection sports include:
I have blogged about Miss B before; known each other since nursery we went to Turkey together last September she planned to go asked me on a whim and I agreed. To Miss B I am this girl who does all sorts of crazy things without over thinking things, I’m impulsive, but mainly to her I am the girl who has boys falling over her and is laid back and not needy! She often text me to ask if I can help her to stop over thinking, if she can text a boy or talk to them…. What Miss B doesn’t realise is we all wonder those things, we all think crap should I text this boy, do they like me is it ok to be doing this? What would they think of me?
Class.
I got to go home this weekend. Just to enjoy being home and getting my thoughts together as I start planning for the upcoming weeks with the UCI students.
We’d entertained the idea of meeting up this weekend but there was no definite plans. Well, in a matter of two hours from when he got out of the office, we were eating and drinking at Kona Grill and I was too happy to have my green beer.
Laurel managed to fight his way back and was quite vital for almost another decade.
And, as my luck would have it, just as I'm feeling better I'm starting to come down with a head cold. Apparently one can sneeze while asleep. Who knew?
For doing the quest once: +500 MaxHP and +100 Weapon/Magic DEF
I rarely post status updates on FB and even more rarely do I post anything about school stuff. However, most of my FB friends are other homeschoolers, family members and old school classmates. The primary purpose of my FB usage is to connect with other homeschoolers. X probably sees more pro-homeschooling posts and/or anti schooling posts from his peers, both schooled and non schooled ones. If you don't believe me, imagine how many of his school friends write "ugh, school sucks, I hate school so much!" and the other popular "ugh, my parents suck, I hate them so much!"
Mango ginger or Maa Inji belongs to the ginger family. It looks like ginger but smells like raw mango. I think thats how the name originated.
Now we also have a reasonable collection of DVDs and one of our favourite things to do is have a "family movie night" - which is preceded by much arguing, toing and froing and general indecision. Netflix is not available in Australia (just one of the joys of living Down Under), but we do have a Telstra T-box and can download movies from there (we got $200 worth of downloads included when we signed up).
Monsters/Villains: Krotons.
Flying back from Milan on Saturday after two very successful anecdote circle workshops I was lucky enough to get a window seat. The skies cleared as we passed over the Alps and I took loads of photos like the one above. I suddenly remembered a final year project I had to do on the ‘Structural Geology of the Alps’ at Sunderland Polytechnic for my degree in 1979.
As more news about the live show is released you can be sure I’ll be posting news about it so check back soon.
Paddick was a member of the TSGs during his 30 year police career and ran the London TSG. He spoke about it on BBC’s Newsnight in 2009 in the wake of the Ian Tomlinson death, saying:
Acts 1:11-12
whew. what a busy month. i feel old because i keep hearing myself exclaim about how quickly time is passing these days.
then I have been dipped again in God, and new-created.”
Why, why, why is "change" sometimes so hard and painful, but sometimes it's a huge fun and adventuresome? And how can it sometimes be both?
While my pages are still a work in progress, I’ve broken down the summertime in Chicago into several pages: Food, events, fun facts, sports and places to see. Within each page, I plan to provide pictures (some of my own and some from online) that correspond with what I’m talking about. For example, on the food page, I’ll talk about Chicago style hotdogs, provide a picture of a typical one and also a link to the specific restaurant that I’m talking about. That will provide people with location, hours and other information about the restaurant that they may be curious about.
In this article you can find the great masters of photography such as: Ansel Adams, Robert Doisneau, Harry Callahan, Andrè Kerte'sz, Bill Brandt, Diane Arbus, Arnold Newman, Walker Evans, Lewis Hine, Yousuf Karsh, Gordon Parks, William Klein, Cindy Sherman, Helen Levitt... READ MORE
This pig is not dead. Just sort of trussed. If this is how I had to bring home the bacon, I don't think I'd be eating much of it.
Here’s info on the transit of venus.
Diners should present a note from their cardiologist before tucking in. The original recipe is named aptly "Fondue-Style Macaroni Cheese". It's divine. I tried to balance all the fondue-y goodness by adding a bag of baby spinach and serving a bright green salad on the side, but I wasn't fooling anyone. It makes enough to serve a small crowd (8, generously) and would be perfect after a day on the slopes. Otherwise, it should be left on quarterly - rather than weekly - rotation, unless you want a family full of weeble-wobbles.
There was a dance party,
This is how Lydia and Itay play together: run around screaming, fight over the swings, hug and make up, and then Lydia feels like her personal space is being invaded and starts to cry. Repeat daily.
I’ve heard about the film for long, but this is the first time I watch it, in the middle of coming finals and papers to be due. Today is the last day of teaching at HKU, and it feels like ending a chapter in my life and about to start a new.
Maddux looks like a girl... I think not.
I know I’ve been neglecting the blog a bit but I haven’t had an idle pen. Or typing finger. I’ve been busy writing is what I’m saying.
1 giggled
If looked at from a marketing perspective, the for-profit model of the Fourth Estate is floundering. Today, newsrooms generate readers or viewers, then sell that audience to advertisers. Viewed as a consumer marketing study, the Pew research regarding press accuracy points to a loss of a market (audience). The organization that loses its foundation of readers or viewers is sure to lose its economic support from advertisers.
Till later, keep safe and be happy.
I want to believe that my decorating and clothing styles are intimately related.
"I call it weird bop," bandleader Sam Wisman explained to an audience of about 150.
Me- "You are missing the point. No one should be able to ever take money out of my bank account! I didn't do anything wrong"
In the room, Zanurax managed to get the chest open, to be rewarded by the sight of the crystal. Its golden aura of life energy radiated out in wisps and tendrils and the thief heard a seductive series of thoughts in his head, urging him to pick it up. Elysia had glanced back and urged him not to touch it. It was with a great deal of effort that he resisted the temptation. Using the last of her spells, Elysia called up an Unseen Servant to carry the crystal out of the chest, back through the rooms and passages and across the Pool to Gullhar, the only one of the party who could safely handle it.
I never wake up early but this morning I was up at 8 am to get the Sunday paper, clip coupons, and head to Walgreens. My Walgreens runs out of stock SO FAST!
5 megafoetus
The existence of a class of people living well within their means and miles beyond ours has never been more obvious. And a member of it spake forth from the Bank of England late yesterday. This is what top Threadneedle Street policymaker David Miles said on the telly last night:
But if those progressives really wanted to find the culprits responsible for the state’s widening class divide, they should have looked in a mirror. Over the past decade, as California consolidated itself as a bastion of modern progressivism, the state’s class chasm has widened considerably. To close the gap, California needs to embrace pro-growth policies, especially in the critical energy and industrial sectors—but it’s exactly those policies that the progressives most strongly oppose.
A Hid bulb additionally consists of a ballast in the design that aids to keep the bulb in position when set up. It also acts like a sort of short-circuit. When the bulb or the ignition starter for the package malfunctions, the ballast will definitely cut off the power movement.
Choosing the ‘right’ dress was huge fun, especially trying on styles just for the hell of it and finding that a meringue does actually makes you feel like a princess (and no, I didn’t choose one!)
Some of these study places are don't have locked doors, so you can come and go as you please. If they do have a locked door, just put on your poker face and blend as a student. If you aren't a total tool, you hang around outside and get in next time a real student opens the door. I am writing this blog right now from a study room at a local college. I will probably sleep here tonight.
call "a workshop".
The concert was fun, but very long. More alumni showed up for the concert than at the rehearsal. We had a huge crowd and it turned out to be a great show.
You made him a little lower than the heavenly beings.
for real
The Stylistics are back and, right from the off, the singer looks startled.
3 roma tomatoes
Fannie purchased $68.3 billion in mortgages during March, a 54% increase from one year ago and the highest monthly total since October 2010.
and by negligence) 3.9 32.8
Speaking of fairy tales, Chris Hemsworth is sure lining up his movies this year, there’s Red Dawn and The Avengers. And now we have Snow White and the Huntsman. I hope it’s not as cheesy as Mirror Mirror. =) But from the tidbits I’ve read so far, it looks to be an action/adventure version of Snow White with lots more fighting and killing (I hope).
Albert is a man of faith. I have heard his testimony and it sounds legit. But people of faith have a higher standard to which they are held. The standard is the Scripture. Loyalty, humility and and generosity are among the major themes.
Actually it only took us a little over 15 minutes to make the road journey from Vienna town centre to the airport and on a Friday evening as well. Try that on a Friday on the M25.
Smoked Chicken Quesadillas
But 20 children? Not so good because if I see what my university education and all the sundry trimmings are costing my father I would hate to think he had to make 20 of us. He would need to join the bank robbers to keep us at university.
Gargoyles, goblins, and Frankenstein's monster on the loose
*) Set aside women-only bathing at a municipal swimming pool in France or use taxpayer funds for Muslim women-only swimming times in Washington State.
Before I get to my project, I would like to officially welcome Mona Pendleton to the JustRite Stampers Design Team! Mona's work is truly inspirational, so we are very excited to have her join our team.. Mona is jumping right in and has a project with today's introduction (see link list towards the bottom of this post).
Man, I am on a pencil kick. I swear my kids are eating them. They will all have enough pencils to get their math done BEFORE lunch, but right after lunch half of the class is missing their's. (They are only allowed one at a time right now, because they started hording pencils while I was out. Bummer for me, it truly is a pain.) I really intended to post on something else this weekend. Hopefully that will still happen. ;)
The world will be a lot more quiet without Sparky around to growl at it.
( My father at Arborfield, England in 1949. See the badge on his cap? I have it and wear it all the time on a black felt newsboy cap. It’s a bit tarnished, but I love it!)
And then, yes, you have incarnated, you have been the adventurous ones, you have been the explorers, and you believed in yourself strongly enough to say to the Mother/Father/One, “I am going to go. I will assume form. I will know the joy of being in form and physicality, and then I will come home and resume my form.” Well, some of you have not resumed in eons. But that matters not. Whether you are starseed or hybrid or Earth-keeper, you still are angelic. And this is something we want you to remember. You spend time during this process of Ascension incorporating, inviting in, all of your glorious aspects.
She said she would get in touch with the neurologist at the hospital, to either try to again expedite my appointment or so my condition was at least updated on their computers. I got a prescription for extra muscle gel for my legs too.
I have been working on a Christmas Placemat that I will be teaching my club to make next month. This is from a McCall's Quilting magazine, December 2007. I modified the pattern dimensions a little to accomodate paper piecing the Santa.
Money is a great thing. If you have it.
Somehow you come along just like
8. I live in Canada. It's cold. I would rather live somewhere warmer, but family is here, and family makes me feel all warm inside.
But I realized something yesterday, after I spent a fair amount of time staring out the window and writing a new outline for the end of Degeneration: I wrote more of my screenplay in one go after writing that outline than I had the rest of the month, and I like what I wrote yesterday more than I like the rest of the script. I’m realizing that it’s not the outlines that were hindering me before – it was the fact that those outlines were horrible.
The Golfer's Hymn ............................There's a Green Hill Far Away
Your graphite claws clasped in prayer as you left.
When ready to assemble, slather on to (or pipe) the macaron shells, sandwich them. EAT
He doesn't exactly get off to a flying start by opening with a quote from Hypatia. Or I should say a "quote" allegedly from Hypatia which is actually a modern fake:
In this interview, Brian Weiss talks about whether we reincarnate as animals (or animals as humans), how many lifetimes most people have experienced, if past-life regression can cause issues in addition to healing them, what to do when we experience a traumatic past-life memory, how often we regress to a lifetime that is relevant to our current issues, and Dr. Weiss’ viewpoints on ‘old souls’ and ‘soul mates.’ I had a lot of fun interviewing Brian, and I think you’ll enjoy it as much as I did.” ~
You can use any of the card sketches posted in the month of September to enter to win, but be sure you link up your card with the correct sketch post. For this week's sketch, you can visit the Sassy Lil' Sketches blog here. You should definitely check out all of the other DT cards while you're there too because they all rocked the sketch!
That’s begging to get back
--for the purplish colour: amethyst, orchid, lavender
hums me along,
Panel – guest judge is Estelle.
Contributors, in order of first appearance:
Yummy sweet bread.
Please share your secrets.......oh and Happy Monday!
I used both of the other new sets for this card, The Mighty Sea and The Sea. The image was stamped onto chipboard with Stazon ink. Then I used Tim Holtz alcohol inks to sponge all around until I got the look I was going for. Kind of a coppery sheen. Then I just stamped the sentiment at the bottom to finish the card!
Noteworthy: Kinda got roughed up a bit in the AL after the trade, let's see how a full season treats him in Cleveland.
I have dined in the past at Zod’s other restaurant, Blu in Montclair. Many of my peers are of the opinion that it is one of the most creative and best fine dining establishments in all of Northern New Jersey.
Hosted by Coopers Brewery Technical Manager Simon Fahey
these are the only differences and the new features added in the SAMSUNG GALAXY ACE 2.
There was no final apparent suction, and practically no wreckage that we could see.
What we’ve got above is some chopped red onion (shallots would work really nice too) and some gremolata, which is a finely chopped mixture of lemon zest, parsley, and garlic. Alternatively, you could take the Latino approach and make some sofrito and use that as your seasoning base too. The key here is to really, really kick up the flavor level in the meat, because it’s really going to need it. I’ve also added some fresh rosemary from our herb garden, which is another good herb for use in poultry. A little bit of herbes de provence would be nice too.
With empathic affinity of sympathetic harmony,
Also coming soon to a Wine Predator near you: Jordan Winery’s 40th Birthday invite only industry bash Monday night April 23 from 7-10pm at the rooftop lounge at London in heart of Los Angeles! Check my twitter feed for photos with a blog post to follow!
I do know that the response to this phenomenon from most people is that guys can be just as shy as women, so they shouldn’t be faulted for their shyness. To which, I say – you’re right. I completely agree. However… I also think that if a guy is really interested in a woman, he’ll get up whatever courage he has to approach her. Say what you want, but as much as people claim that in 2010 it doesn’t look desperate for a woman to approach a man, sometimes it still does. Sure there are women who have a perfect sly way to do it or whose personality is bold enough where it doesn’t come off like she’s trying to be the man… but that’s not me.
Watermelons kill, but not just if you eat them. As Dellers will tell you in his new book (UK edition) of the same name, they kill wholesale. One of those ways is by the restrictions (amounting to an effective ban) on DDT, which has led to a resurgence of malaria.
Answering readers' letters and emails.
As part of a collection of fearful people, individuals, denied access to information routinely available in the West and unable to discuss ideas freely, were vulnerable to artificially-induced hysteria. As the failings of the system became ever more apparent and the solutions ever more distant, so the state propaganda and agitation apparatus created new, artificial enemies, on whom the frustration of the population, denied other avenues, could focus their attentions. Consider that in the early climate of optimism about what equal opportunities and affirmative action were thought to be able to achieve, there was a much greater degree of openness than is possible thirty years after the failure of these policies. Confronted with these failures, we have two possibilities: admit they failed; or deny failure, while simultaneously, and without any sense of contradiction, taking all kinds of steps to root out the “enemies” responsible for the failure. Perhaps this explains Western feminism’s continuing obsession with “the demon of patriarchy” and the endless campaigns to uncover “racists”, which are worthy successor campaigns to the Soviet system’s obsession with “vigilance” and the need to unmask “wreckers”.
It was the first project I made from the book but I can see it's going to be a favourite for baby gifts. A lot of the projects are on the 'weird-cute' side and I was slightly worried that the result might be 'Frankenstein's Cat', but I think he's turned out well. It's also quicker than knitting a toy from scratch.
Oil- 2 teaspoons
Today we hear how Lesley Cookman got herself into print while not really trying, and realise how working at our craft can bring far bigger results than expected.
Metallica also contribute their thoughts and memories.
7. Teacher talk time
I am at the climatic ending which means that there is a lot of description and action.
Then we got back on the bikes and went to a second pagoda which I think was still in district 9. I don’t know the name of the pagoda either. From what I understood, this pagoda was built as an exact replica of a pagoda in Hanoi. This was done sometime after the unification of North and South Vietnam to symbolise the unity within Vietnam. I’ll also post pictures of this pagoda soon.
Who will inherit Paradise: they will dwell therein (for ever).This passage is taken by many muslims, as a commandment to be chaste except in marriage OR with slaves and captives. It has been used as justification by muslims to rape slaves, prisoners, hostages etc...
Please make sure you head over to Amazon and get a copy of Defy!!
This is why I'm starting Saturday Stories!
My card design follows the current challenge sketch over at Sketches by Carly. This is just the most fun sketch I've played with for a while! Thanks for the inspiration Carly!
The story fast forwards to the autumn of 1901 in Chicago. The telectroscope has been realeased to the public. “As soon as the Paris contract released the telectroscope, it was delivered to the public use, and was soon connected with the telephonic systems of the whole world. The improved “limitless-distance” telephone was presently introduced, and the daily doings of the globe made visible to everybody, and audibly discussable, too, by witnesses separated by any number of leagues.” Eventually, the inventor is found murdered and Szczepanik is accused, put on trial, and imprisoned. While in jail, he requests the telectroscope. The ability to gaze on the world makes him feel “as free as the birds”; he looks at the strange sights of the world, watches people, looks upon his own life. The device turns winter into summer, storm into calm, as he can look at any season somewhere else on the globe.
It was like I'd just handed her a seven layer chocolate fudge cake with extra ganache and a spoon and said "Have at it kiddo"
28’15 House of Stone
Cope
“—You know, ‘I belieeeeve, that love is the answer; I belieeeeve, that love will find a way.”
She was running towards love
It was in the dark days of World War II that Churchill referred to the existence of a “High Cabal” that had brought about unprecedented bloodshed in human history. Churchill is also said to have remarked about the Elite: “They have transported Lenin in a sealed truck like a plague bacillus from Switzerland into Russia…” (quoted by John Coleman in The Tavistock Institute of Human Relations, Global Publications 2006). Who are ‘they’?
Our walk through Margaret McMillan Park with architects BDP continued into Douglas Way, the part of Deptford Market which has been revamped under the same project. Here, the key challenges were both budgetary and legal. The first speaks for itself; the second relates to the rights of stallholders.
But as we all know, no plan is perfect, especially when it involves a mother with children younger than 20 taking a few hours for herself. Moms all over the world, you hear me, right? You know what I am talking about, don't you? Just thinking words as harmless as 'haircut' or 'manicure' or even just 'book' is asking for trouble. And so no sushi and Nutella for Mommy, no vegetables and fruit in the fridge, no time to finally make something a little more intriguing for you my friends...
And running inside my mind
I moved the bins out of the dining room into the living room and moved in a nightstand I was moving out of my bedroom for the kids to use as a lego/play table. It has been a BIG hit this weekend and has REALLY cut down on the legos on the floor. It hasn't stopped it altogether because of little miss there but the boys are being better about it for the most part.
I only have a few shots of my sister, because my other sister had my camera to take photos and it was almost as though she was waiting for her to have a weird look on her face to snap. So I'm only showing you the photos that won't get me a phone call that starts "Um, you better take those down!"
It just takes one incident of drunken irresponsibility and you are off the hook for years!
18. Inside Outside
Well, it's been a week since the convention ended and I thought I'd write up about my experiences at the 2012 Calgary Expo.
Saw (Mechanical or Handheld)
I love my doctor. She's still my doc, to this day. I trusted her then, and I trust her now. But I remember looking at her and saying, "VBAC, huh?".
“On the earth, satellite of a star speeding through space, living things had arisen under the influence of conditions which were part of the planet’s history; and as there had been a beginning of life upon it, so, under the influence of other conditions, there would be an end: man, no more significant than other forms of life, had come not as the climax of creation but as a physical reaction to the environment.”
Happy Birthday, Hayden!
How's THAT for the most unwieldy book title evar?!?!?
One more sleep until half term Whoop whoop :).
Phobias – Things like new places, heights, elevators, certain animals, are all things that may make people feel a bit uneasy or frightened. But people with these specific phobias feel overly frightened and powerless to control their fear, even if it doesn’t make any sense.
The meanest thing I've done as a writer was create a character, present him in such a way as to be a fangirl heartthrob, let my mom and a good friend read up to a certain point and develop fictional-character-crushes on him -- and then reveal with glee that he dies in the end. I don't think they've forgiven me yet.
“OK. Come on, Gracie. Good girl.”
One common personal trait of Madhu Pandit Dasa can be observed to run through all these projects in the last three decades. His courage and faith in daring to dream and make the impossible happen out of nothing and engage the glorious results in the selfless service to humanity. The traits of a daring selfless social entrepreneur.
The 38-year-old had admitted to two counts of molesting an 11-year-old and eight-year-old and two counts of penetrating another eight-year-old in 2009 including two counts of ‘sexually penetrating’ a minor
The fact that no one had bothered to put in seats for the press also did not go by unnoticed.
burden and weigh me down.
My queen bee is buzzing around the yard collecting honey for her birthday cake! We have a number of birthdays this month, and one lands the day before Valentine's Day. So how perfect - the Queen Bee can lighten some one's day very soon now.
As the cold air played over my wet skin, I came to the awful realization that I was standing in front of a complete stranger........
As I return from the toilet I run into Rob.
I cannot explain the understanding I have now, being a son, and retracing my parents struggle with me, and envisioning the struggles ahead for you — I’ve never been more appreciative to have strong parents in my life and a loving family. I get it now. I want to apologize daily for all the stress I’ve brought to them, but understand that the best way to apologize is to allow them to watch me become successful, independent, and eventually (hopefully more than a few years from now) enter the world of parenting for myself in hopes of passing on the love that was given to me. James, if your daughter ends up having anywhere near as big of a heart, and swagging hair as you..
Whose dandruff genomes are sequenced
Father: Lionel Stapleton
"But I don’t see anyone out there really working on building a portfolio of strong modern beers, instead I see brewers showing off by tinkering with aged beers or overly strong ABV products, or shock launches a la BrewDog, when they could be building something that can change the very culture of the beer drinker forever."
LS: I don’t like to outline that much. I usually prefer to write a first act without outlining so that the characters feel and sound a little more authentic before making major plot decisions. I think then if you write something specific in your first act, it becomes a natural setup, and something you can follow through the script. If those specific things can relate to the theme or the journey that the character goes on, it becomes easier to set it up and pay it off, without feeling like a forced characteristic. In "Man and Wife" I remember the traveling orange was something that became a set up and pay off. In "Seeking A Friend", the harmonica took on meaning as I went along.
After our two years in Scotland, when Wifesy and I returned home – I remembered the people who had kept in touch. I remembered them like a Vietnam veteran remembers the guys who were in the actual foxhole with him. There were only a handful. There was definitely Miranda. Miranda was my second Gayle – equally as funny, equally as intuitive, and bonus we fell in love with people in foreign lands at just about the same time. She met her Dutch husband right around the time I met Wifesy. So, we commiserated over long distance relationships and love and the differences between Europe and America. The biggest and best thing about Miranda – she does the work that friendship takes. She calls to check in, whether I’m in Scotland or Socal or New York. I am eternally grateful for this and I probably don’t tell her enough.
Nearby another one arose and there was a pop. Little bubbles of air snapped as these voiceless animals of the earth came to the surface. That got me to smiling. I was glad to know this about earthworms. I don't know why, but this seemed like one of the nicest things I had learned in the woods- that earthworms, lowly, confined to the darkness of the earth, could make just a little stir in the world.
Boots - C1 through C7
To let you in on the truth, one month ago, I paid my cable bill with a check by phone. Then, two weeks later my service was disconnected. I called the cable company and was informed that the company had made a mistake entering my account information and the payment was not received. I gave them another check by phone and later even got a bill in the mail saying the payment was received.
And here’s the irony, Amanda Hocking is publishing in a genre of which traditional publishers will tell you, “Sorry, but we think the trend has passed.” Clearly the market which buys Amanda Hocking’s books doesn’t agree. Her vampires remain hugely popular (in the same way that gran’ma’s tried and tested recipe for brownies remains popular over decades). And this is the thing, publishers are always looking for the “next big thing”, they’re making and breaking trends with, it would often seem, little acceptance of the fact that the market will eat brownies and read vampires till the cows come home – and in the process, many great books simply get overlooked.
(No! You don't have to mark it! You can if you want to though..!)
herself and whimpered and howled
B6. Give Diamonds / You Can't
Each one of them took on different approaches to living abroad. Some made a home away from home, whilst others took in the cultures around them.
I sigh and think, "and why not, it is what we are supposed to be doing at bedtime. "
Our forum is full of life, so this blog is a natural extension of it. This way, we can tell you a bit about ourselves outside of the closed forum.
I start to type today's post and what was extremely bizarre to me was that I didn't have to start my post title with "Day..."..
They're fun to do, but boring to watch...very boring.
When Hilltown Families readers were asked if they felt genetically modified food should be labeled, they expressed their concerns over GMO foods and concurred that it would be beneficial to have it labeled. Kara Kitchen, mother of twins, writes, “Grocery shopping has become a research project with conflicting data, poor funding, and high costs (to our pockets and our lives!). I know I spend much more time at the store now from reading almost every label in my cart!” And Jennifer Lee Wildermuth agrees that GMO foods should be labeled, writing, “It would save us a lot of time researching what is safe.”
Next year, we’re excited to try Apologia’s new “What We Believe” worldview curriculum. I’ll let you know what I think then. In the meantime, you can read an entire chapter of each book on their site.
I am not kidding when I say this is my new favorite salad. I am pretty sure I had it the next day for lunch...and would have had it again for dinner if there were salad left.
January 1st has traditionally been the stepping stone for a new beginning. New year, new start and dreams of making life better. Before you can move forward you have to look back at what got you where you are. I thought it would only be fitting that my initial post on this site, also first of the new year, is the first beer I ever drank. I'm not kidding, that's the bottle I swiped from dad's stash 17 years ago.
New Grist is brewed from sorghum, hops, water, rice and gluten-free yeast grown on molasses. These ingredients are carefully combined to form a crisp and refreshing "session ale" sure to be popular among those with Celiac Disease, but really brewed for anyone with an appreciation for great tasting, handmade beer.
Purification is the first part of Yoga. When purification is over, the natural tendency of the mind is to go towards liberation, Moksha. If only a disciple whose mind is cleansed of all its impurities, is initiated into the sacred mysteries by a Guru, then his mind will get complete quiescence. He will enter into a Nirvana state.
I am so flattered they asked me to take over their space for the day to show you how to live your life in the FABULOUS! Don't feel guilty when you want to strut around in those metallic green pumps on a random day of the week, or light your favorite candle and let it burn all night.
I write as a way to work through my thoughts and to express myself, and yes to hopefully help someone who is going through the same thing as me. My transition is something that is very personal to me, and I am not Chaz Bono so I do not have to worry about being outed publically and having to deal with the issues surrounding it. So, why bring it out here? Because it may help someone else.
And then there's the issue of laundry and housework. My house is dustier than I would like, but at the end of the year, I'd rather have more writing done than a dust-free house.
Submit the whole manuscript as a Word .doc file (no .docx) by March 30, 2012, with the subject heading: submission–YA anthology.
A horse-drawn trams system started transporting passengers in The Hague in 1864. After that, there were also electric trams and a steam-powered tramway between The Hague and Scheveningen, a beach resort. This card from about 1910 shows a tram passing by the famous Ridderzaal.
In the 1990s, UHF television channels were launched, such as music oriented MTV Brasil, and the Catholic channel Rede Vida. Also during that period, TV Cultura and Rede Record, both based in São Paulo
Your passion and enthusiasm will also inspire others.
Blah, sorry I skipped out on Monday, I was running around like a crazy person doing a ton of errands! I had to get paint for our room, got some cute clothes for the baby, grocery shopping, and a dentist appointment! I was one busy momma-to-be! I even debated on not posting today because Mr. Skinny is home and my brother came home early for the "snow" which is just rain now. But we played Monopoly, but now my brother is sleeping and Mr. Skinny is painting. So I'm blogging while cooking!
In 2001, for instance, SF Weekly suggested that "the Navy dumped far more nuclear waste than it's ever acknowledged in a major commercial fishery just 30 miles west of San Francisco."
Great knowledge from the darkness of the night.
Or an eye sealed.
If you look closely, I did not use a bun...in my journey to try and stay away from as much gluten as possible, I have started using grilled eggplant as my "bun" ...if you slice it about 3/4" thick and grill it (I salt the slices and let the bitter drip out for a couple hours ahead of time) it dries out slightly (don't let it get charred or the bitter will be right back, not speaking from experience or anything!!!) and makes a great bun!
Makes 9 muffins.
So tell nana I love her! You are up there right now! So TELL HER! So this last week I have just been full of appreciation, I don’t know why but for the people here and the culture and food! I am going to miss it, and I got a little sad, but then I thought BAHAHA silly call you still have a year left to enjoy it all. So Teculutan is very hot, and this week was no exception, in fact it was a disfection (I just made that word up, opposite of exception?) it was SO HOT, and as far as rain it is hotter and drier than ever before we haven’t had rain for over a month.
-Staffed packet pick-up the day before the race
11. Add the tomatoes with their juices and the bay leaf. Cover and simmer until the beef is cooked through, about 5 minutes. Transfer the beef rolls to a platter.
She's not moving. Her left leg is at a very unusual angle. But I have to ignore the obvious injuries, and search out the immediately life-threatening ones.
Building Your Own Identity
I am very hopeful the new person coming on will help get all this crap all stopped.
Like we've never loved before.
For each letter I will be providing several downloadable resources plus a letter planner page. You can find these resources at Spell Outloud’s HSPrintables.
NL for Louis-Napoleon, not the short guy from Corsica, but his nephew who became Napoleon III, leader of the Second Empire.
He said. "Guess again, there's one horse that I own,
Repeat rows 1-8 two more times, repeat rows 1-4 once more, bind off. Weave in ends
Tony, Zeva, and Burley go to Naples to the Franklin. The real thermite device is replaced by a fake.
The news from this insider, directly connected to the so-called “Pentagon White Hats,” is extremely positive — if indeed true.
College cost increases MUST taper off. However, it is not up to the Government to directly influence this. Our Government CAN get involved to make sure that credits can transfer easier, which will save many students time and money. They CAN allow for students to earn college credit while still in High School (some students already do this). But Government should NOT set limits on tuition – consumers must decide what is fair. If enough people become unhappy with the costs of college, then those costs will eventually change or alternatives will become available.
Until relatively recently, when new pubs were built they still generally conformed to the established norms of layout. For example, Holts’ Sidings in Levenshulme is still recognisably a “proper” pub in the traditional mould. However, over the past couple of decades an entirely new design vocabulary has evolved for pubs and bars that throws all the traditional design concepts out of the window. The key features of this are:
We would like to send our sincere sympathies to the family and friends of Laura Schaeffer, and we also extend our wishes for a full and speedy recovery to Gary Monaco after this tragic accident.
Only accept Paypal.
(The girls and I have learned many basic stitches for our samplers from You Tube tutorials.
Tao will be admitted soon for her next surgery. We don't know how many more surgeries she will require in the future, but we hope she will be able to join a family of her own soon. Thanks to all who support Little Flower with your prayers and donations, the lives of little ones like Tao are forever changed.
Starting to stir, I feel a now
Me - Hey, that means I get to have Mother's Day an extra 3 times a year.
One moment you are the wave, another moment, you are the hollow wake that follows.
The priest blesses the people, saying:
Madame Tussaud: A Novel of the French Revolution is the story of Marie’s life during one of the most tumultuous times in human history. Her survival was nothing less than astonishing, and how she survived makes for what I hope is a compelling read.
today, me, Chala, Pauline and Thangorthemotherinlaw embarked on a traditional British Easter pastime, of driving to the coast and wandering disconsolately around a faded seaside resort in the pissing rain. With this heartwarming recipe in mind, we drove all the way to Ingoldmells near Skegness in Lincolnshire.
to the yard. Tilt the glass. Spill
Crazy huh? How we get so caught up in that particular moment and time - knowing in the back of my head that it's not forever, that it will come to an end...... but blinded and led by my own feelings as so often happens..... I lose sight of time being in His hands.
I love the Joseon parts – not just because of the setting and the colorful garments but because it’s a good starting line that the plot can exhaust in the modern day.
Saturday - just me Moroccan Chicken Risotto
Her leg was bluish,
Longan, 1 cup
and for frothing milk there is no better than the Aeroccino... this is amazing for coffee and hot chocolate... so easy, so quick and it makes the perfect professional fluff every time...
CHURCHROCK – The U.S. Supreme Court has declined to review an appeals court ruling which upheld Uranium Resources Inc.'s license from the Nuclear Regulatory Commission to conduct in situ leach uranium mining at its Churchrock/Crownpoint project.
The tentacle, as a slimy worm-like limb is a symbol our culture can cope with. For centuries Christianity has prepared us for the encounter with tentacles. I ask for forgiveness, if I offend any theologians, but at least most common people agree that all long moving things are evil as they are the manifestation of Satan. The conflict between the body of the Church and the image of the Snake has let to the demonification out of practical reasons. Due to the middle eastern origins of the authors of the Bible, snakes were dangerous in their environment. One can easily overlook the sneaky worm and step on her. One bite and deadly venom is beginning to destroy your body. Though such dangers do not impress us Europeans in modern cities, the image and its meaning have been accepted and used by generations.
Brett Cross / shadow / slink / 58
Eventually the shopping was paid for, the pile of sacrificed items were dealt with, and it was my turn at the till – but that wasn’t the end of the day’s strangeness…
I look for a weakness in reason-to-combine every time I get an obviousness rejection. If the Examiner offers a weak reason – an advantage that doesn't exist, an advantage that isn't an advantage, a rationale that just doesn't fit the facts – then I'll attack it. So you'd better believe that I'd be all over a complete omission like this one.Sure, the Board may backfill to make up the deficiencies in the Examiner's position, and maybe I'll lose if that happens. But I'll give it my best shot.
he could reach the kitchen
Today, January 9th, is a special day in the Hickman household. At one time in our lives, it was a tremendous day for celebration. My mother, Juliana Marie Hickman (maiden name Loughery) and my brother, James Patrick Hickman were both born today, January 9th (different years, of course). My mother was born in 1929 and my brother was born in 1953.
I've been doing a lot of thinking about the new place... trying to think of all the great ideas I have that I'd like to do...
If that isn’t big time management decision making going on right there, I don’t know what is. And then I heard her say, “quick efficacy.” Now that is impressive. If one of my employees said “quick efficacy” on a conference call, I‘d give them an instant raise.
07-16 Chicago, IL – The Chicago Theatre
Originally I started to think about how this is such a parallel to our society. We are pushed by marketing into that mentality of “feeling crummy enough about ourselves to buy upgrades”… upgrades being, like, a zillion things… wrinkle cream, makeup, expensive hair gel (can you tell that’s a personal issue of mine- haha), hair extensions, nails, tanning, containers of SlimFast, subscriptions to Jenny Craig and Weight Watchers, gym memberships, personal trainers, laser hair removal, contacts, tats, earrings, jewelry, clothes, shoes, purses, lasik, hair dye, highlights, extensions, Botox, plastic surgery, etc. etc. etc. etc.
11 To Be Free 1:10
What's that? Did I watch TOWIE last night? Was it brilliant? Was it? Did someone say something really fucking stupid? Oh, how priceless. Did some human slurry pretend to be in situations that are nearly dramatic? Did some lumps of collagen and silicone and make-up say OMG again and again and again as though 100,000 years of human evolution had never happened?
*Cover in Saran Wrap and let raise until double in size (about an hour).
drawn by some lifeless hand
Here are some beautiful creations by the DT members
and forever will you live
When I was a senior in high school, I bought tickets to see REM. I spent a good $40 of my money on a general admission ticket, and this was 17 years ago. My love affair with Michael Stipe and Peter Buck began on a plane somewhere between San Francisco and Salt Lake City. I was meeting my family for a ski trip in Utah, and I had the Out of Time cassette playing over and over in my yellow Walkman Sport, which was held together with a large blue rubber band.
I sang "It's So Easy to Fall in Love" and nobody looked pained and indeed, they looked more optimistic than they did before.
Dear _____
Shirt: Thrift Store. I think it used to be a dress. The bottom hem is raw, and I zigzag stitched around it to keep it from fraying. The buttons keep falling off so I need to do something about that.
wakes the
I would love to see aftermath.
SAN FRANCISCO (AP) — If you’re amazed – and maybe even a little alarmed – about how much Google seems to know about you, brace yourself. Beginning Thursday, Google will operate under a streamlined privacy policy that enables the Internet’s most powerful company to dig even deeper into the lives of its more than 1 billion users.
(5) Snacks: Especially nonperishable food like dried fruit, energy bars, nuts, and things that are easy to eat on-the-move.
It is with a sense of low level panic that I write this post. A slow sense of dread has been creeping up on me of late. I’m not sure why it’s slow or even creeping because I can’t run that fast anymore and I’m sure my hearing is going.
“Let the lies drain from your mind, your body and your life. So many things that seemed to hurt as a kid weren’t personal. You just happened to be there. It had nothing to do with you; it had to do with the person delivering the pain; mental, physical or both. You can look back as an adult and understand it all very clearly now. The kid needs you Shaun, and you need him. Breathing is easy. Every breath is smooth and deep, feeling very comfortable. If you can trust your mind like a heartbeat Shaun, the magic will begin to happen. Trust the adult you are and the kids you were, coming together. Your mind will drift free of your body Shaun and you’ll like that. That’s trust Shaun; a mind/body harmony. You can drift off to wherever you’d like Shaun. Anywhere you want to go. You have the freedom.”
Once they had coaxed me down from the ceiling and apologised for diving in too early I watched the rest of the procedure like a queasy hawk as bloody fingers delved inside my sac but all I could feel now was a slight pulling sensation.
PCW Tag Team Title Match
Matsui is the only Yankee of recent vintage I did not despise with every fiber of my being.
Leave a comment and tell me what you like to put in stockings.
I saw Dr. Scholl the following week. He actually was surprised I'd made it again to come in. All was fine, him saying "Just any time, Carolyn, any day now". I also told him I was never going to have this baby. He just laughed and patted my shoulder. He always patted me on the shoulder as I would leave his office, over all the years I saw him.
“Don’t talk to strangers.”
As Tuesday progressed, I was seen by my specialist again and more blood work. I laid around bored and uncomfortable. The baby had no desire to stay on the monitor, so the nurse's made their pay for sure with that task. She was kicking and swimming, it was a game of cat and mouse for them. Also NOTE: I am a HUGE Chicago Blackhawks fan, and they were in the Cup games, I had to restrain from watching games due to BP issues.
11.Reelin' And Rockin' (Berry)
Stay tuned for more holiday cards with my handmade rosettes inspired by the ones I bought.
If we could just slow down enough
This or That with Marco!
Our holding hands
The NEXT art fair has released its list of exhibitors. Next is the invitational “emerging” part of the Artropolis cavalcade the last weekend of April later this year. It’s a little confusing since some of the galleries’ names appear as exhibitors at both Art Chicago and Next. But it looks to be a decent roster that will provide for some good viewing with some pretty prominent spaces to the lesser known.
The final accounts of the fiscal year shall be presented to the People’s Assembly within a period not longer than one year as of the end of this year. The final account is done by a law; and the same procedures in approving the budget apply to the final account period.
Yep – that’s right, electrocution with crazy needles of torture.
smiling, unzipping your coat, dropping it on a scatter of pine cones,
My parents returned to work and I was invited to spend a week in Newcastle by LB's parents. Since our meeting LB had been writing one or two letters every week and I would reply almost as often. Email, SMS, and Skype would have been handy then. With much excitement and a fluttering heart, I jumped onto the steam train for Newcastle. LB had his own car and we went to the beach, picnics, hiking, the movies and dancing. We were madly in love but soon it was time to climb aboard the puffing billy and return to Sydney. LB had to go back to work and to university but he had an invite to Sydney for the end of term holiday. In the mean time we wrote many letters. It is funny that I can't find any photos of this holiday.
Instead we came home with....
But a gluten allergy alone still leaves the field somewhat open. I have seen gluten-free beers on the shelf for a couple of years now and have also seen articles regarding homebrewing gluten-free beers, so this posting prompted a little more research on my part.
Q. A good number of multinational companies are now offering specialized courses as part of the syllabus in many technical institutions, in a bid to step up ready-to-deploy workforce. How do you look at this trend?
But, I poured out some almond milk and saw that it was around the same hue, and I realized that the color would be completely carob-y when all was said and done. Thus, I stopped fretting about Mimicreme.
HAPPY HAPPY NEW YEAR!!!!
And all I can say is if you watch this clip you will see a 189% happier, calmer mom. I visited the family again about a week ago and everyone is just so much more joyful. The kids go to the park now, they ride their bikes, meet up with their friends — stuff their mom had been too afraid to allow before my “intervention.” Now she’s thrilled with their independence and I”m thrilled with her! What a change!
As the gods began one world, and man another,
He slyly breathes combatant lies that seek to overtake.
The aromas follow through in taste with some added spiciness and the flavour of fried fruit to match the characteristics of the traditional Clootie Dumpling. I lost the taste of banana that was so present in the smell, which is a little disappointing but there is enough going on with this beer to keep me interested. Something that I definitely didn’t expect from this beer (judging by the packaging and description) was that it would be a really easy drinking beer. It’s has a low abv. (4.2%) and is light enough in flavour to be a session ale but it is definitely more interesting that your standard IPA or light ale. The spiciness is kept in the aftertaste and in that way reminds me again of a ginger beer.
Zombie and Dalek are unlike us and yet oddly similar, recognisable, even if only by eyestalk, upper-limb-like extensions and voice. There's an uncanniness in there too.
Concert Band warms up on stage
Well it has been one week since I've started training for the 5K on March 31st. I've ran 3 days this week and I wish I could say I was already running 3.1 miles, but I'm not quite there. So here's my week one recap courtesy of my RunKeeper App.
253. Labs, microscopes, hands-on learning.
This had first come up on the Nandi hill ride that I did four days back, a test ride to see if I and the bike - after being serviced - were in any shape to ride long distance. The Nandi hill ride is roughly 50k, 41 undulating ks to the base and than a 9k unrelenting uphill. I managed the up in 3:45 and then was back home in good time with just a tiny puncture that I could just pump up and ride before replacing the tube in the shade of a parking lot back home. But the afternoon heat had scared me on that ride and then the pain had started on the last stretch. For that one afternoon, the prospects for the Goa ride had seemed dim, but that was only until I was rested and bathed and then I figured that it just had to be done.Think of how you'd feel having done this, Divya had said.
And after entering the arena, the UCLA band and cheerleaders stood out amongst the crowd as did the thousands of UCLA fans that dominated the lower level seating. It was impossible to look past. The CSUSB team now had to battle a much more talented UCLA team and a crowd that would inevitably give the Bruins an advantage.
“Did you bring food?” asked Morrie’s wife.
Have a great day, all. Until tomorrow, my friends . . .
Seventeen year old Lacey, completely ran off the rails after the death of her mother. To get her life back into order and complete high school, she moves to a small town to live with her aunt. She hopes to leave her past behind and start afresh.
before our death -
I remember back when I used to take Remedial Math classes for struggling Engineering students. I was trying to explain Zeno’s Paradoxes to someone, to illustrate a Convergent Infinite Series. I wasn’t making any progress with this kid. When I thought I had explained about half of what I was trying to explain, he fell over backwards and asked me to repeat myself.
I never made it to a Soviet drunk tank, despite the best efforts of friends and colleagues, but a couple of my fellow students in Voronezh were once called upon to bail out "Major" Farid Bouaouni, an Algerian Situationist shepherd who looked like Major Easy.
For delinquencies within existing home equity credit lines, 79% came from loans originated from 2005 to 2007. The number of revolving home equity loans is at a five-year low, with 11.6 million outstanding as of March 2012.
* August 27-29: G service suspended between Hoyt-Schermerhorn and Court Square F station, replaced by shuttle buses
I wasn't coming up with a good idea for this week's IF topic, so in an emergency, you go to your files of old art. LOL! This was done a couple of years ago, and was titled, "Run".
5. Harley Quinn - Detective Comics
And that’s another hint, the format that works for you. You can find a million different synopsis examples online or through your writer’s groups. Just like writing your book, you have to create a synopsis in your own voice and in a style that you’re comfortable with. There is no right or wrong to this. Three pages, five pages, ten pages, it doesn’t matter as long as you are including the important information—who, what, why, where, and how.
So Anastasia makes it to this meeting, her inner monologue making catty comments about all the other women she runs into on the way. I think to myself, is this really what women are like in their heads? I honestly don’t know. The author’s a woman, so I have to assume that she’s writing her own gender accurately. Right?
Yeah but why eclectic?
This weekend was spectacular, as the older girls in my group had fun between shows putting on their own “flash mob” performance at a train station full of surprised and happy revelers headed to Chicago, videotaping themselves dancing on the streets, two-hour prep before a completely different costumes and hair at the Genesee Theater, five-minute notice to dance with the Shannon Rovers.
What do you think of The Voice? I’d love to hear any opinions from people, so feel free to comment below.
Mapping is one way of being able to help support the evidence for the age of the woodland, and there are other ways that are also very useful, such as collecting any written accounts of the woodland. If the site was part of a large land holding at one point in its history it may be that there are written records such as land holding details where the name of the woodland may be included in the records. Some ancient woodland can even be dated back as far as the Doomesday book. If there is a local historical group in the area they may be able to help you with this research or the local archive office may have copies of written documents for the area that name the woodland, the archive office may also have copies of local maps that can be used to show the continuation of woodland cover on the site.
A spokesperson for Cowell’s Syco Entertainment is reported as saying 'there is a dispute with a local group in California about the ownership of the One Direction name in the US. One Direction’s management tried to resolve the situation amicably when the matter first came to light, but the Californian group has now filed a law suit claiming they own the name. One Direction’s lawyers now have no choice but to defend the lawsuit and the band’s right to use their name.'
OK... ultimately, buy Apple in Vietnam! if Sri Sarjana remains as the only pc shop standing in Kuching.
They are sending a message
02. Deconstruction 4:57
1 cup Oatmeal
Boasting the largest safari zone in any pokemon game, EVER, as well as the legendary pokemon trainer RED, you'll feel ten years old again as you run through Johto and Kanto.
I came as James Garfield, an impressive man who died just months into his presidency as an indirect result of a gunshot wound inflicted by an insane office seeker. The doctors, sticking dirty fingers and other yucky probes into the wound finished him off with a rip roaring infection a good two months later. If they'd left him alone, he probably would have been just fine. Interestingly, he never ran for a political office. He was giving a speech to introduce a candidate at the Republican National Convention when someone yelled, "We want Garfield!" He waved it off and finished his speech, extolling the virtues of his candidate. But over the next few days, momentum grew and despite his protestations, he was named the Republican candidate. Stunned, he sent word to his quiet, home-loving wife. She was not pleased.
The rest of us explored the small town of Banlung. We visited a Vietnamese bakery, where we sampled freshly baked banana cake, which had the consistency of cassava cake and was dotted with bright purple/pink specks. It was delicious, but would have been more perfect with a cup of strong Vietnamese coffee.
In a fun promotion, Sourcebooks/Jabberwocky is offering signed Real Mermaids Don’t Wear Toe Rings bookplates with proof of purchase. More info HERE.
Fillmore Auditorium, San Francisco, CA - January 8, 1966
Massachusetts 6-Mar 41 38 0 0 0
Tuesday – Baked or rotisserie chicken, parsley potatoes, green beans
* Armenian Genocide in Ottoman Empire
To access all the MIS options, just visit the "Recommend a Member" tab of Sisters Only on the ZTA Web site. You will need a username and password to open that page. That process, if you haven't already completed it, is very simple. Just follow the online prompts.
The other day I saw some young Chinese guys, about 4 of them. All young, 2 fat, 2 skinny.. Just sticking to each other, not really using the gym. At least not properly! The 2 fat guys sprawled across the floor so they could arm wrestle on the bench for the bench press! LOL I laugh when I see people improvise some sad mess in the gym, all to distract them from the work they aren’t doing…
I surpassed in a single chariot, full of invincible power.
Matters came to a head last Thursday when Mr. Goddard, a builder who had turned the barn into a three-bedroom home, moved in with Diane Wilson and their two sons, Harvey, five, and Charlie, two.
Well here are the rules for the award...
Do you have a favorite one you've created?
This week the CBOE equity only put call ratio had 3 back to back days above 1 taking the 10 day average to 0.895. To find a higher level we’d have to go back the dark days of February 2009. As I mentioned earlier in the week, we haven’t seen this much fear in option traders since the bear market bottom. The normalized put call ratio jumped to close the week at 1.45 – a multi-year high.
The Apostle Paul, who will become the central character in the second half of the Book of Acts, was a disciple of Gamaliel the rabbi (teacher).
Yesterday, when I got back from my Zumba class, we spent the day sitting in our lovely garden reading and enjoying the sunshine in temperatures of 20C - lovely.
She couldn’t really be considered a victim in the traditional sense although she was a victim of unfortunate circumstances. He hadn’t stalked her, hadn’t climbed into her window to snatch her away in the dead of night, in fact he had never conceived of hurting anyone, ever. The whole thing had been completely unintentional, her death that is. As for the rest, well that is for you to decide. Mr, Potter was a lonely old sod who had the misfortune of looking like the people he embalmed for a living. His skin held an unusual pallor that no amount of sun seemed to brighten, his eyes were sunken his face too thin giving him the appearance of a skull with skin stretched over it. His smile wasn’t any better, it made him look like a grimacing reaper. Sadly his appearance and profession virtually guaranteed a life of bachelorhood.
Have a wonderful day and thanks for leaving me a comment.
Either that or the dis-connect is so great they've ripped a hole in time and space.
Soon a new season will stretch before you filled with the potential to deepen your relationship with your heavenly Father and to increase your ability to fulfill the special plan He has just for you! You are more likely to fulfill that plan if you are spiritually and physically fit. How will you begin the new season? Are you approaching it with a solid understanding of the nutritional requirements necessary for spiritual and physical vitality or are you randomly starting it without a deliberate dietary plan?
He hesitates a moment more, trying to gather himself as the haze penetrates deeper into his mind and the sick feeling in his belly grows riotous. It builds to a point, then sinks back down. His heart throbs in his chest and he feels a convulsion shudder through him. If this keeps up, he’s certain he’ll die.
Please check on links for more information. Details about their next Fight – Avengers 2? Thanos info at http://marvel.com/universe/Thanos
“Do you believe in God?”
Do you know what it is yet? Move over Rolf Harris!
For my next layout, I wanted to include the map of the resort and then added text words from the Technique Tuesday travel set as an embellishment along the side of the map. For more visual interest, I added several sticker words from the kit and some partial stamp images as bits and pieces around the page.
So there goes a few attempts. First thoughts are that actually, it is fun to try and find something to fit the form. It is a good exercise in editing. Hard to choose a subject. A little humorous. Probably would get better with practice. Well I said myself and Poetry were not friends, it is not like I read a lot of it. I think my first date with Haiku went well enough for a second attempt. Maybe we shall have another date soon.
Anyway, I wrote a blog post I shouldn't have done, but I'd just like it to be known now that every ounce of negativity I felt in that post has now gone. It's gone, and it's not coming back, not if I can help it. Because I was stupid to let one person's opinion get to me like that. I should know by now that, as a writer, you do sometimes need to develop a rather thick skin, but I let my guard down yesterday and that shouldn't have happened. The corned beef and potato pie turned out fabulous though! So, there you go, out of all that negativity came positivity!
Gradually add water to form into soft dough.
scent of night
The focal line is Romans 10:15 “How beautiful the feet of those who bring good news!”
735 **D-IX/3(B)/1976. “The Aspirations and Limitations of Free Enterprise Liberalism.” Annual Convention, American Political Science Association, Chicago, Illinois. (Incorporated in Item C-2001(5), above, pp. 189-201.)
I love you like the moon and the stars.
7. Material witness is missing
Yeah, haha…
It can be with scenario this way that payday advances could be the respond to that might just remedy your critical economic problem. This is if you need to keep away from seen and pressuring individuals be the greatest replace and many offered method of obtaining finance that may be readily available at any hour, 1 week each week. And the thing which could do this for you personally is definitely the pay day Loan.
12. Mickles and Muckles, examines the insanity and corruption of State Capitalism, and wonders why on Earth the left still places faith in it.
Little did I know fate’s sense of jest.
Ridley also lists Woolas’s sins thus:
It has been quite some time since I’ve read any of Emily Dickinson’s poetry. I have a collection of her poetry buried in one of my bookcases. I’m going to hunt it down this weekend and read it. Do you plan on reading any Dickinson this month? If so, what works of or about Emily Dickinson interest you?
Buttermilk - 1 1/2 cup
They were struck with fear when they heard that the king had given him authority to gather an army.
This is about the bruises left unseen, scouring my skin but I’m still unclean. On the inside. Was I too weak, too soft, too vulnerable and how much of this was my fault. But how does a child ask for it? She doesn’t and yet we question a girls slut rating to deem if there was probably cause probably cuz we are too busy telling our girls to clean up their shit instead of teaching our sons not to be rapists. And with each new agenda, we pretend our offenders are just men and mistake perversion for homosexuality. Because this isn’t about sex or gender or orientation. This is about a sick stimulation, a war waged on an unsuspecting country.
However, the prosecution has five days to seek an appeal and, if the challenge is accepted, Mr Lubanga will remain in detention until that appeal is heard, the ICC said in a statement.
Too long to wait? Go do some laundries or scrub your bath tub while waiting.
The lamp from West Elm was finally taken out of its box and we then discovered that every single one of what I estimate to be about 300 of the lamp’s crystals were individually packaged and had to be unwrapped. Not sure if that explanation makes sense. Here is the lamp.
and wishing each of you smooth sailing in 2012!
I'm looking forward to another hike again soon. My friend Margie who's also working on doing all the trails in the park (see her blog here) is coming over in a couple of weeks and we're going to tackle the Grapeyard Ridge Trail. So - get out there while it's still autumn and check out the fall colors!
santigold is quickly becoming one of my favorite artists. she is super talented and unique and i am just loving about any song she puts out there. if you are unfamiliar with her, listen on spotify immediately.
- Crab cakes - Faidley's in the Lexington Market supposedly has the best in the city. Also get some raw oysters if they are in season. Or, if you are willing to leave the city, hit up G&M Restaurant (near BWI airport) for their crab cakes - widely believed to be the best in the area. They are quite large and tasty, but be prepared to wait for a table.
Mix the dry ingredients: flour, salt, baking powder, baking soda, sugar. Mix the wet ingredients in a separate bowl: egg, buttermilk, melted butter, vanilla.
At my visit to the Kranji War Memorial (see previous post), I chanced upon this snake creeping across the granite floor and steps up to the memorial. About 3-4 feet long, it clearly was not afraid of anything in its path. He even turned to let me photograph its portrait before slithering into a bush.
1 labourers
But I need to take a little hiatus.
Time went by.
COMPULSORY LICENCE
“You’re breathing fast. Your cheeks are flushed. Your pupils are dilated.”
Oh, but wait. There’s more. We can’t forget China! Now things get a little fuzzy here, because Mao really didn’t have time to slow down and record every single dead peasant. Officially, he was prepared to kill 50 MILLION people to institute his “reforms” but that was just boasting. The actual number was only a couple of million… Hey, sometimes you’ve got to break a few eggs.
He also chose to take the dark, noir-ish thriller that the Coens made and turn it into a broad comedic thriller. Purists are going to be horrified about that, and a lot of critics who loved the original had a hard time with the remake.
Okay so you guys will have to excuse me while I go try to straighten this whole mess out. I hope they have an office locally, I don’t even know where the fuck Pandaria is…
HE EXCELLED AT NIGHTTIME SNUGGLING.
What is your favorite theme, game, goody ?
Angela Merkel has said Europe needs "political courage and creativity rather than billions of euros" in a thinly disguised rejection of Francois Hollande's pledge to re-write the fiscal pact if he wins the French presidential election on Sunday.
trap glass
depths, it’s dearth like the
It’s enough to give bankers a bad name.
Tommy Sheridan’s position is polarised. His supporters never doubted him, despite his conviction. His enemies simply took the conviction as validation of their opposition to him. In general perhaps the conviction reinforced the image of Sheridan as a rogue, but a likeable one, complete with his sun tan. Few “neutrals” would have had sympathy for the NotW even after the conviction.
flesh all sunken about the eyes?
* Write thank you notes to those who have touched your life and inspired you
So I was just there, literally staring at my suitcase. The little black dress. And my dear friend Kripa has made no efforts to add another descent dress. After staring for what felt like an hour, i thought, “Well, what the hell! Might as well be reckless tonight. For Saint Valentine’s sake.”
Giving up on that rabbit trail, here are some more pictures of the vistas at the Peace River.
beautifully.
Saute’ the onion in the whole stick of butter (real please, I never use margarine). Add the garlic when the onions are translucent and cook another minute or two.
Just you wait to see what this is all going to look like painted.
So it comes as something of a surprise when we discover a family in the basement of the house. Harry (Karl Hardman) is irrational and domineering, and wants everyone to retreat to the basement, a plan Ben dislikes because it leaves them trapped inside with no point of exit. Helen (Marilyn Eastman) is more concerned for their daughter Karen (Kyra Schon), who is wounded. We also meet Judy (Judith Ridley) and Tom (Keith Wayne), also hiding in the basement. We learn through a series of radio reports that the problem is widespread and that the gangs of creatures are eating their victims.
Eating- You still LOVE to eat. You are still getting primarily breastmilk but typically get one bottle of formula a day since it's hard for mommy to keep up with your appetite. Thankfully you've been great about switching back and forth between nursing and the bottle and breastmilk and formula. You typically eat around 4ozs every three hours or so with a 5-6oz bottle right before bed. I think we may need to increase you to 5ozs soon for your daily feedings.
Hey Babe! You are as pretty as a truffle in mud!
by leaping from a nearby tall building
Oh, and of course, what’s Malva Pudding got to do with today’s unusual date? Well, just look at the quantities in the ingredients. This is another reason I love this cake – you can easily memorize the recipe if you really need to.
+ 1/2 cup flaked almonds
Yesterday Alex and I walked outside into the rainy 58 degree weather (apparently Idaho Falls has banned both spring and summer) and he looks at me and says "Col!" (cold) So I say, 'col-d." with a real emphasis on the D, you know, sounded like col-duh. So Alex, being the good boy that he his , repeated it perfectly, Col-duh. I was so proud of the genius that was my 2 year old. We head inside and a little while later I give him a cookie. He eats the whole thing the walks up to me with his hand stretched out and says 'More-duh?'
Well I got to *see* a Vita – unfortunately the queue was so long that we’d barely moved after 15 minutes and with time running out we had to make an executive decision to get out and see a few more games instead. It didn’t look as big as I’d heard it described, which is a good thing and although I was viewing from a distance the screen gave a pretty clear picture. Would’ve loved to have actually played one but sadly it wasn’t to be… yet!
In just a few minutes I will have my Wild Orchid Challenge card posted and will be offering the last basket which this time is PINK and filled with some SWEET STUFF!!! So don't miss it today!!!! Hugs to all!!!
kindled torch we clasp,
I've just finished tagging and wrapping up this yummy Noro Shawl, which I knitted on behalf of Tadhgs prep class as a farewell for the prep teacher who is sadly leaving this week. She'll be missed. I'll take Tadhg in to school this afternoon for the afternoon tea so we can give it to her. I'm anxious to see how this is going to affect Tadhg over the next few weeks. We had a horrible year last year. Although she loved Kinder she did not love me dropping her off. It was halfway through term 4 before she stopped crying and clinging to me when I left. I was reassured that she was happy out again withing 5 minutes of me leaving. . . but man I just felt rotten until I picked her up again. School has been going better for her with a few wobbly days here and there. I'm hoping she'll take this change in her stride.
This past weekend, we worked on getting the doors finished. On Saturday, I sanded down both doors (Chris doesn't trust himself with a sander and anything expensive just yet), and then we each took a door and stained it. We waited the recommended 4 hours, and then applied another coat of stain on it.
The bells reverberate, reverberate
That was real. That was the truth. All she’d needed was a moment. And someone to spend some time with her. And acknowledge that she was hurt. That she needed just a moment. Just a bit of time. To close her eyes. And remember what’s real in this world. And what’s fake. Remember what matters, and what doesn’t.
A shot of the back: You can see the drape well there. It came with a sash belt, but I wore that in my hair instead. I wore my mom's gold chain belt from the 60s, and my bigass cheap earrings (they only come out for parties!).
I don't know much about Milla Jovovich except that she was in some vampire movies that aren't Twilight or Dracula. But I do know she was at the Oscars, lookin' fabulous in retro finger waves and a beaded gown. It's probably really heavy, but so gorgeous.
Another unfortunate was that my memory card filled up, so there are no photos of Eeyore's Gloomy Place or the bridge where you can play Pooh Sticks. However, these are the pics I DID manage to take:
If you have the patience of a 2-year old, make these with a partner. I wish I did. But I was rewarded for my hard work...I really was.
I've taken a few photos along the way if you'd like to have a go at making one yourself -
You now have a unique colour or pattern that will really make your blog stand out.
scheduling, smart controllers, and how to get the most out of your irrigation
It's not the way I want to spend a Saturday though.
Without thinking.
Back to the Christmas market, or Christkindlmarkt, as us erudite people say. I had moved to Amsterdam, after this last trip, which afforded us incredible access to travel around Europe. I had always wanted to experience Christmas in Germany, so my friends Rachel, Naomi, Diane and I took the train that wound down south through the flat landscape of the Netherlands. The green fields of the Netherlands were slowly replaced by the thick forests of Germany and into Koln itself.
Here in America, the Irish aren’t particularly known for much beyond corned beef, cabbage, and boiled potatoes. Gastronomical wizardry was never one of my grandmother’s strong points and while that may be a really awful sample to base a conclusion on, my mother’s description of the food on her first visit wasn’t inspiring either. Even the visit I had in 2005 with my mom, Aunt El, Uncle Henry, Uncle Chuck, Aunt Pat, and Uncle Bud didn’t dissuade me of that impression. We ate pub food and while it was ok, it wasn’t anything to write home about. This time though, I didn’t have a bad meal. The variety of food, the care in preparation, and the general hospitality of the people who served us, completely changed that awful impression of Irish food forever as far as I am concerned.
“You shouldn’t shout at the Sherriff like that, Relvin,” Pevan’s voice cut through Pollack’s growl as the big man raised a hand to strike Rel. “It’s disrespectful, and you did distract everyone.” Pevan was stood in a Gateway in the wall by the door, holding Van Raighan’s arms pinned behind his back. The thief wore a grimace, and a dark mark above his right eye that was probably a new bruise. Pevan shoved him forward and stepped out of the Gateway, letting it slide closed behind her.
John Paciorek didn’t know is that it would be the only two and half hours of his
Several weeks ago I ordered the Philosophy "On a Clear Day" skin system plus a few other Philosophy products. Here is how and when I use them:
Finally, there are no reputable scientific studies suggesting that a boy’s sexual orientation can be altered by his mother, no matter how much she loves him.
Tarwater: Stone
The drawback? Thinking about myself is starting to make me feel actually sick. Self-promotion is the name of my business, yes…all of my businesses actually. But I feel like all the searching through photos and videos, posts, and inner reflections about yours truly is like an addiction. Ego stroking has become being Ego’s bitch. And my Id is seriously pissed off (sorry for the swearing mom, please keep reading my blog!). And even the parts of my businesses that I’ve tried to really focus around helping others or leaving a good mark in the world feel self-serving. Even chanting doesn’t help. Or doing good works.
that's the ticket...
Poor, delayed and uncompleted investigations fostered a culture of impunity within the DCS, the CSPRI said.
Paul McNeil (guitar)
Toffee: butter small rimmed baking sheet. Combine nuts and baking soda in a small bowl. Stir sugar, water and butter in a heavy small saucepan over medium heat until sugar dissolves and butter melts, about 2 minutes. Increase heat to medium-high. Boil until dark amber colored, stirring constantly, about 3 minutes. Mix in nut mixture and immediately pour it onto buttered sheet, spreading it as much as possible. Cool completely, then chop with a sharp knife into small pieces.
Ólafur Arnalds
any ticks at all. Nor kisses, nor caresses.
Everything else is lawn. Between the parking lot and the center walk, the lawn is sparse and the ground is compacted. To the left of the center walk, the ground is less compacted, and the grass transitions to a mix of clover and moss closer to East 21st Street.
Debs
Voodoo dolls of your horse were found in the possession of the show's grounds manager
Yes, I am crazy enough to write a 50,000-word novel in July, but that's the beauty of Camp NaNoWriMo: I don't have to wait until November for the muse to strike, as long as I can get the ball rolling and take out all my energy on the creative process... especially now that I have a lot of pent-up frustration (ahem) to unleash on all of these pages.
gets decked out with ferns, citrus,
On November 6, 2011 I’ll be taking my second ride as a challenged athlete through the course of the New York City Marathon on a recumbent trike. I’m pretty darn excited about that. I’m even more psyched about being a part of Team LFF, having the opportunity to raise awareness and funds for Leary Firefighters Foundation. And I love the idea–the possibility–that someone who is differently abled, as I am, will see me participating in the marathon and realize that she could do the same.
The plan? All loan clients would be treated as if they had taken out a catastrophic insurance policy that was weeks away from being launched when the earthquake hit. This would not only get the clients fresh capital quickly, but it would also teach them to benefits of buying insurance. Nearly 20,000 micro-businesses were recapitalized in a matter of a few months.
I'm a control freak (to be completely honest with you)... but not in the way where I have to take charge, boss people around, and do things my way... different from that.
I will not bring her to the bird clinic as I do not trust these people any more. I am sure they put her down or take her as a living meal for their wild birds.
Being in your living room and having a living relative tell you about what they want to happen when they die.
Ms Sullivan also stated, ”We need a culture in Ireland where people – including whistleblowers within the Gardaí – can bring matters to public attention without fear. The aggressive reactions of the Gardaí and the Ombudsman after I brought this incident to light were very troubling for me, my family and my academic supervisors, all of which my lecturers and I have set out in a briefing document explaining our concerns.”
It's embarrassing
Dad soon left and stopped by my neighbor’s house to tell them their dog was out. You could see them watching TV in their den from my house. They just didn’t know. I thought that was a pretty awesomely cool thing for my father to do. My social anxieties would get in the way of me doing that.
108. Naked and the Dead, The: Norman Mailer
The heart’s sound waves are converted into an image on a monitor. Performed in a cardiology outpatient diagnostic laboratory, the test takes 30 minutes to an hour. It can reveal abnormalities in the heart wall that indicate ischemia, but it does not evaluate the coronary arteries directly.
The director of FAMU’s pharmacy school, Dr. Margareth Lacrose-Pierre, told members of the Crestview City Council last month that 30 students will comprise the first class, with 30 additional students added each year. The school is expected reach maximum capacity in four years, with 120 students enrolled.
...it's soothing to be out in the country...
Who is in charge in the USA? Many believe that the White House and the political institutions are in charge. Others will assume that the mega banks, Wall Street and the federal reserve system are the real bosses. But both assumptions are not really convincing.
- Cross the river on the car ferry and then up up up out of the gorge.
If I thought he was aware before, he's even more now! As soon as I enter his line of sight he lights up, which MELTS my heart. He is so social and just gives this jaw dropped, open mouth, gummy smile. Which is great, except for at night because he just starts kicking and getting excited when I'm trying to soothe and quiet him.
From pens, to toys, to cups, to high-end ideas for drawings at your booth – WE DO IT ALL! I can’t wait to WOW you!
"Eyeball" has become an automatic "laugh line" in our stories this year.
clutheran.org- Click on Lessons on the left side bar. Then click on View individual lessons and levels under New Testament. Scroll down to The Ascension and click on the grade level you want.
2 considerable
Inks: Elegant Eggplant, Perfect Plum, Pink Pirouette
What can you do to create? What can you create?
Use your might to direct the UN Population Fund
Stealing Heaven is a very interesting book. If you have recently read Ally Carter’s Heist Society, this book is very like that, but more family based.
As much as I wanted to write more, and be more descriptive, I couldn't. It was hard to walk, and write, and drink and take pictures. But I tried.
This was my third time through Pope Benedict's brilliant first encyclical God Is Love. Our Catholic women's book club read it for our May discussion.
dash of Nutmeg (because our family puts a dash of nutmeg into almost every thing we make!)
Today was Day Four of the great Book Blurb Writing/Tweaking. I didn't touch it yesterday, because I felt I needed a day to work on other things and not that. Apparently today was too soon to come back to it. I was just given instructions by my friend to not touch it for two whole days. (Which I needed to hear, seriously.) I have plenty of other things to do, so I am going to try to do this so I don't drive myself (and everyone else) insane.
1 chances
Butter and sugar, how I love thee. And combined with some (whisper it) condensed milk and that height of British marvels that is golden syrup… om, nom, and double nom. Of course, it does sometimes happen that you’ve not got any lait concentré sucré to hand (maybe you’ve used it all up making Tablet?), in which case the humble single or double cream may be substituted for a thinner result. And as all countries have not got Messrs Tate and Lyle to rely upon in times of need (or in the day to day), some runny honey will also give your caramel or butterscotch a taste which is definitely acceptable.
I was way too stressed about the whole thing, I stressed so much and I completely lost the joy, the lightness, the happiness.
never taking for granted,
in the remote desert plains of New Mexico. While exposing his sculpted body to temperatures above 140 degrees, Jed partook in intense week long meditation sessions while fasting. After 2 weeks of deprivation and searching deep into his soul, Jed experienced his first hallucination. He saw himself as a hawk soaring high into the stratosphere looking down at the meek earth. Miles beneath his feathered quads, Jed saw a wild stallion. Of course this stallion was sprinting and Jed was intrigued. He flew down to take a closer look at the magnificent beast and he quickly realized that he shared many of the same stunning physical characteristics. Huge vein filled legs, beautiful white teeth, and an affinity for traveling faster than most terrestrial animals. Jed had discovered his spirit animal! Next, their racing kits. They sell a package where you can "join the tribe" and wear their company branded outfits. It comes with a contract, seen below (click to make it bigger):
And bagel. (bay-gull)
"So you're denying that that happened?"
“I'm very polite by nature, even the voices in my head let each other finish their sentences.”
We have a TON of toys between the three kids, so we set up a reward of 1 star for every toy they donate to Goodwill. Are your kids obsessed with IHOP? Mine are, so we made it a reward for 60 stars. Love this app! Bathing and getting ready in the morning is sooo much easier.
- In France, it is forbidden to call a pig Napoleon.
So hand me that remote
Gueant said the suspect is talking to a police negotiator and says he'll surrender in the afternoon. The minister says police want to take him alive.
The two Pauls – Raymond and Lincoln – had a falling-out over an allegedly genuine German aristocrat – a baron – who wrestled on Lincoln’s UK circuit. The baron lived in a flat above the 2i’s and had a pet cheetah which he took for walks in Hyde Park.
Next up, we headed to the grinder to try and start turning shoulder into sausage meat.
Step Four: Tape the bottom with floral tape or secure with twine.
Oh, I can hear you, God,
disappears
Even in war, we retained our decency. The Quisling left will mock this, of course, but by which side would a surrendering soldier prefer to be taken prisoner? The English, of course. Not for us the inhumanity of the SS, be they German or Lithuanian. Not for us the death camps of the Japanese and not for us the Russian rape of Berlin women. And why not? Because we are English, that’s why not.
Anyway, two golds went to UK brewers, the first was a category that I judged (along with several other UK judges including the lovely Glenn Payne and the fabulous Mr Dan Fox from the White Horse) and it was the subject of some really lively debate, which was brilliant because only good beer provokes passionate responses - the upshot of this being that Rooster's took a one and two in this category with Leghorn and YPA respectively, so well done Sean, I'm thrilled for you and feel you've taken two well-deserved wins there.
Once and enemy now a friend
How did you learn to cook? I think most people are taught as children from their parents, which is what I want to do with my son. He already loves cooking so I'm hoping that my cooking journey will rub off on him and he will acquire a love and skill for preparing food.
The UN issued the citation, and NATO came in with the tow truck. Make no mistake, in the real world, NATO is the USA and the USA is NATO. It’s a politically correct way of using military force without being seen to be acting alone as an imperial aggressor. But what about the NTC’s death squads, the theft, the rape, the torture and destruction of citizens’ property, business, and whole lives?
and the Global Initiative to
Jitters: A Quirky Little Audio Book by Adele Park (Audio book)
What is the strangest–or most unique–phrase you’ve ever been woken up to or said to someone to get them to wake up?
Apparently, through no fault of our own, we were born with one breast larger than the other. Now, because I’ve already posted a piece about the merits of breast massage, I know what you are thinking.
And the effect goes deeper - into the psyches of writers, and this feeds back into our culture. McCrum sees this as 'the desperate conditions in which the contemporary writer must operate'. I thank him for that insight, and can vouch for its accuracy: now when I conceive a short story or a novel I find myself immediately thinking: but would it stand any chance in this cultural situation? Could I give it a good log-line? And if I feel that I can't - that it's too subtle and complex - I wonder whether I should write it at all.
Black Pudding, wearing a white t-shirt with a target symbol on the front, stepped out through the long grass.
Exceptional experimental musicians make me ecstatic. Every so often there comes a wave of really good music and an argument can be made the most recent occurrence came on January 31, 2012. Two of my favorite albums of the year, Gotye’s Making Mirrors and Lana Del Rey’s Born to Die, were released on the same day.
I smile at her and respond, “Yes, this is it.”
We hadn’t been out that many times but we had built a strong connection through all the ways we stayed in touch. Because he was away so much, every time we hung out meant that much more and we didn’t take it for granted. I actually loved the whole arrangement. I did me while he was away – I hung out with friends, worked, whatever…and throughout the day I’d get an email or two. Maybe a text, and always a phone call before bed. One of the weeks he was in town he asked to make me dinner… In his home!!! He’d mentioned, on many occasions, how much he enjoyed cooking. Other than rotten-tomatoed nachos, I’ve never had someone want to prepare a meal for me. For some reason it made me nervous. You see, I’m a human garbage dump. I eat almost everything. What if he made something, the one thing in this world, that made me barf real chunks all over his table and chairs? *single blink* He told me to trust him, so I did.
Another fun activity that I do every year with my kiddies is a treat! I always buy a big box of popsicles and take them outside before the buses arrive. I never spend much money on good-bye gifts because I know most of them will not last the ride home. Instead, I spend on a cold yummy treat that I can enjoy with them.
Isabel Christine, this has been such a good year for you...I'm excited to see what God has planned for your 9th year. You continue to amaze me with your wisdom and gentle spirit. You have a huge heart & are so conscious of those around you & how they feel. You continue to be an amazing student. You are becoming such an athlete. You are such a graceful swimmer & the head of your swim class. You are well on your way to your first 5k with Girls on the Run...you are such a good role model & have a bright sweet Girls on the Run attitude! One of my favorite things about you is your love of writing & how many great notes I receive! I'm so blessed to be your mama. You are my first & sweetest treasure. I love you to the moon & back!
Thank you all who entered!
So, I’m really skint this month. Yes, most of it is my own doing: high living beyond my modest means (I went out with my mate a couple of Saturdays ago). But usually I could’ve afforded this quite easily, so what’s the difference? Well, the past few months have been quite a drain on my finances. There was a short break (very short as it turns out), there was my car going in for an MOT and never coming out the other end, and there was a trip to a second hand car dealer. All these were, in one way or another, firsts for me. Each one made me walk away significantly lighter in the pocket and with the feeling that someone somewhere was not my BFF. The former and the latter also made me question when it became OK to lie to people in order to get money.
12 Forsaken Gardens
I love to play soccer because Daddy loved to first. He played soccer for BYU in college. I kept playing because I wanted to make him proud and because he'd come to my games. I remember watching a home video of me playing soccer. This is how it went: Dad is filming me. I'm on defense. I'm doing kart wheels and dancing around. Dad is yelling at me to pay attention. Also when I ran, I had like this girly dance run where I pointed my toes. I can only imagine his frustration. He was taking it seriously and I was dancing around. bwahaha
From the side, I would say they are actually flattering because they aren’t being pulled open. They are stitched down about an inch, which keeps them tidy, and if I had actually made functioning pockets, the pleats would make those pockets very comfy rather than “jean” tight like on flat front pants.
Our other main course was a Sake-Braised Wagyu Short Rib with a Root Veggie Puree and a Mushroom Confit. The Short Ribs literally fell apart when our forks hit it and I my dad could not get enough of the root veggie puree.
“Ford is a much-valued local company as well as a highly successful global company and the bestselling vehicle manufacturer in Britain for 35 years. That success is in no small part down to Ford’s committed former workers.
If you use Google for search, use someone else for social networking. If you use Microsoft for your operating system, use someone else for your web browser. This sounds easy, but keep in mind that every one of the large companies in this fray is constantly attempting to leverage the one or two services that you use with them to entice you into using them for all of your online services.
I’m just a kid again,
You read that right. Despite the fact that I literally gained 6.4 pounds just looking at that picture I still have the desire to put my kitchen ineptness aside and make an attempt at recreating these little bits of heaven. I figure - even if I screw up the recipe, in the end it's still cookie dough and Oreos. How could I possibly loose?
The monsters and characters, for the most part, were backgrounded by dark dungeons or caverns. Yes, "dark" was the operative word. These were dank, dark, nasty places where only the foolhardy ventured. Unlike the default dungeons of 4E which are (were?) lit, old school dungeons celebrated the absence of light. Those sinister eyes always seemed to be following you through the dungeon from the safe confines of the darkness. So, the depiction of old school dungeons highlighted the play of light and shade. This was absolutely central to providing a sense of drama and atmosphere. It's a shame the people in charge at WotC don't seem to consider this aspect of the game's history in the same way. As far as I'm concerned, they've rejected their inheritance (see Edmund Burke on the French Revolution).
McCarthy was invited to the “Democratic Senatorial Campaign Committee Winter Retreat” in Miami Beach in January 2010 at the Ritz Carlton South Beach Resort. Attendants were reportedly told that the “dress for the weekend is casual.”
What will they grow up to accomplish? Who will they be?
A year reaping rewards empirical,
Inside there was a range of 7 or 8 Thornbridge beers of all strengths to choose from, including Marples, Jaipur and Pica Pica. However, unlike on my first visit, there was no guest beer. Given the many collaborations and tie ups and therefore one presumes business relationships Thornbridge have with other brewers, its strange that they seem so reticent to let them get their products on their bars (and yes, in order to validate this point, am going to have to ask you to believe that this is a Thornbridge pub, even thought its not).
Then there are college decisions to make, and the toughest baseball game of his life coming up, and a coach who won’t stop pushing Josh all the way to the brink. And then there’s Eve. Her return brings with it all the memories of Josh’s past. It’s time for Josh to face the truth about what happened.
“Arrived in Portsmouth, Shardlake and Barak find themselves in a city preparing to become a battle zone. The mysteries surrounding the seemingly normal Hobbey family nineteen years before, involved Shardlake in reunions both with an old friend and an old enemy close to the throne. Events will converge on board one of the king’s great warships, gathered in Portsmouth harbour, waiting to sail out and confront the approaching French fleet…”
Shibumi is a novel issued in 1979, written in English by Trevanian, a pseudonym of Rodney William Whitaker, an American academic who remained mysterious throughout most of his life. Shibumi is set in the 1970s and details the struggle between the "Mother Company", a conspiracy of energy companies that secretly controls much of the western world, and a highly-skilled assassin, Nicholaï Hel.
Still, I’m not a huge fan of Intel. My last Intel chip was a Pentium 2 at 450Mhz. I’ve had all AMDs for the last 15 years. And the thought of a six-core chip is pretty awesome. I hear, that AMD has 8-core chips coming out. Though it will probably be a different socket.
Esther and Jerry Hicks. My three favourite books pictured on the right (although not a very good one, I need to learn how to use Photoshop) are ‘A Million Little Pieces’ by James Frey, ‘ The Seven Spiritual Laws to Success ‘ by Deepak Chopra and ‘ The Tao Te Ching ‘ by Lao Tzu, all of which prove a very good read.
service. We hand select our collection of bedding sets and only settle with the best, to provide you with the finest in Children's bedding. From newborns, toddlers and teens, CBB offers quality bedding for any nursery or bedroom. We provide quality boutique style children's furniture at a non boutique price.
Much more complicated refashionings are on their way...
Abby
I want you to be a witness to my pain. I want you to acknowledge my misery. I want you to see the good and the bad of me. I want you to love me even in the deepest pit of my underworld journey.
So you have a perpetual sexist cycle going on here: there aren’t many women in hard scientific fields; biology prone people say it’s because men are better or that women aren’t interested because it’s how they’re hard-wired; women believe they’re hard-wired to fail at science and become disillusioned with trying harder, basically “proving” the biological argument; and then the cycle repeats.
Well, I can’t take ALL of you, just a piece. Specifically, an inspirational piece.
Next up was all the gift cards for teachers and nieces and nephews (too hard to get them what they want anymore!) I hate to give just a gift card, it needs to be pretty so I came up with these ornament holders. I used the Echo Park Holly Jolly Ornament SVG from iDiecuts.com as the base and just sewed a half circle on the back to hold the card. I finished it off with some Twinery Twine and the dog tag Die namic from MFT.
(If ‘B’) Clearly you have writing ability. It may be that book publishing does not suit your niche. Try submitting your work as articles to magazines, physical as well as on line magazines. Try small niche publishing presses or ebook publishers. If you do not have a blogsite, create one and write about general subjects in the news. This may also help to build your own public profile. Consider taking your writing to a different medium – local radio/TV or a local community newspaper for your niche interest/subject. Raise your profile and try expanding from there.
This isn't normally the kind of post I would do, but with the holidays coming up, I thought perhaps others would appreciate this wonderful deal as much as I did!
At the beginning of this year as I started to think and plan for Knitty Bitties my biggest goal was to create a more cohesive look and style for the products in my shop. I didn't want to limit the items I created, to say 2 or 3 products, but I did want all of my product look like it went together.
I took my hair out of its rat nest of a bun and ...
Listen Claire, you will see
comment J.V.Tol(OEB): Nice(Remastered) recording of this last concert of the "On Location" world tour. Nice opening by the announcer and good concert containing great arrangements. Complete concert.
Was this my mistake? To be honest, yes. The reason why is that I should have thought before picking my test subject. ‘clicking’ on a button on a screen is easy as pie for people who already worked with computers, knew what a ‘click’ was, and how a mouse worked. My mother had no experience in all of this. So although I thought I came with the most simple interface, I learned one of the biggest lessons in usability: know your audience. An interface running on a computer by default has an audience of people who can use a computer. Just like that when you invent a new interface for the driver in a car, you expect them to be a qualified driver and that they know how the acceleration, gears and steering wheel work.
And all the ambiguities
I wish you were here
Wrestling has a long and distinguished history in Britain, however it wasn't until the 50's - when ITV started to broadcast it - that the nation really started to take it to it's heart. By the 60's it was just about the biggest sporting attraction on TV, and many of the stars of the day became household names... Jackie Pallo (Mr TV!), Mick McManus, Billy Two Rivers (real life father of designer Wayne Hemmingway) and many more.
Looking this up online, I guess they also have a Never Land Family Fun Run 5K. And there’s a Tinker Bell Half Marathon Expo, a two-day event at the Disneyland Hotel where the packets and numbers are handed out, but where you can also buy Tinker Bell Half Marathon merchandise.
Kyle and Sarah make their getaway in a “late model gray Ford” (the film was released in ’84); the car which the T-800, Sarah and John escape with in Terminator 2 is a similarly styled sedan.
Finland has a population of 5.3 million and is one of the top five nations in civilian gun ownership, with 1.6 million firearms privately owned, The AP reported.
After one last dinner back in Iquitos and a final sunset walk along the river, we headed to the airport for our marathon flights back to Denver. We are crossing our fingers that we have no more mix ups like the one we had from Cusco.
And start hearing a music with melody and beats;
Why? Because I AM THE CLIENT!
I am impressed by how beautiful every single person is if I just take the time to see it.
1 wring
Now for the good stuff, BLOG CANDY. I'm offering up a SURPRISE grab bag that's sure to help in your scrapbooking endeavors!! To be eligible, please leave a comment on all 50 states to everyone know you've been there and if you like what you see on my blog, please become a follower! The winner will be picked randomly on Sunday, Sept 18th and announced on my blog.
August 28: I shot my last scheduled wedding of the summer today. And I was going to post a picture from that shoot...
I am surrounded by half packed boxes and I feel like my house is in chaos.
And The English burnt the wicket on a sort of funeral pyre;
Tomorrow is the new release blog hop! We hope you'll join us for some fun and prizes and to see all of the March stamp sets revealed in full!!!
Anyway this is just a post to prove that I am still alive and will be back crafting soon. I did make one thing, but I can't share it with you until next Monday. It is for the FCCB :) So for now I have a couple of pics of something I have been working on that isn't quite a craft.
More uses for eggs
Glue the tops of the lava flow to the volcano where you think it looks good. Then get some red tulle out of the cupboard and add some of that so it looks like its spewing out the top of the mountain. If I had orange, I would have mixed some of that in with the red. But oh well. It looks good all red too.
Next, getting him dressed was no easy feat. The first shirt I put on didn’t feel comfortable. This was a brand new pre washed long sleeve t-shirt from Osh Kosh. It’s darling, but unfortunately, new clothes rarely stay on my son. He prefers old and soft. Many of his very favorite clothes and shoes have spots and tears, but they are the only ones that I can get him to stay in. This morning was no different. I put on Gap underwear, Osh Kosh Jeans and the Osh Kosh t-shirt. After he was thoroughly dressed, he started screaming and wailing about the shirt being too small and the pants being too big. So, off the clothes came! And it wasn’t just a calm, “mommy I’m taking off these clothes”, it was a screaming crying whining fit accompanied by throwing his clothes over the room which landed on my husband’s face as he was walking over the room. At least today he didn’t Run when it was time to get him dressed. That is the typical scenario. He races over the room when it’s time to take off his pajamas or time to get changed any time. I can’t figure out why! I don’t know if that is his body having an self-acting reaction to change, or if it’s a behavior issue. But it’s something that we want to work on in occupational therapy.
I am not a natural runner or an athletic type by any stretch of the imagination (ha! a nation sniggers) but I've been inspired to go out running a couple of times this week after seeing the marathon runners and envying them their stamina. I've also been inspired by Eddie Izzard's marathon challenge too - have you been watching the programme about him? Amazing. How did he DO that?
One of the things on my March list was to make Nancy some quilt squares for the Quilts of Valor she is working on. I wanted to be a part of her project in some small way.
Boehner correctly noted that gas prices have doubled since President Obama took office. But he did not mention that they were unusually low in early 2009 because of the economic crisis, when demand for energy plunged. We’re not sure that the economic misery of those days is worth cheap gas.
The Dr. nodded and said that that was what he thought, too.
This time next week, we will be on a plane on our way to Norway! I think this is the fastest we have ever pulled together a trip, and friends, it's going to be a good one! Two and a half weeks at home with my family, and then three days in Stockholm with just the three of us. Nick and I spent a few days there when I was pregnant with Espen, and decided it would be fun to go back as a family, because it is such a beautiful city, and so kid friendly too. Three years later, and off we go!
Funny how couples can communicate after sufficient passage of time without words. A mere glance, a light touch on the arm, even a gentle clearing of the throat can say so much more than a whole Gone-With-the-Wind-sized-shovelful of words could. We just get to know each other — mannerisms, likes and dislikes, how each will respond to these things in the other, etc. — that we know how the other person will respond, or at least we usually do. However, even after a decade or two, we can still be wrong.
Scrappy stripe: 4 - 2 1/2 x 1 1/2 squares
As per usual, Brandon Sanderson creates a scientific system of magic that takes its form through natural processes. I’m not going to get into how the magic works because that would be a major spoiler; suffice to say that certain rules must be obeyed or it won’t work. Magic is treated like something that isn’t so much supernatural as a part of the world that isn’t fully understood.
My Father's way may twist and turn,
Until then, you'll have to satisfy yourself with on-road giraffe butt.
Before I could blow her off the way that I blew everybody off who suggested that I needed more sleep, she told me about a phenomenon called "hospital psychosis," and warned me that I was in grave danger of falling ill to this mysterious mental ailment that creates delusions in patients and people who spend too much time in an intensive care unit. Apparently, the constant alarms, lights, and movement of nurses and doctors take their toll on the body's biorhythms.
As we were pondering whether to go ahead with the pizza bread item, this idea suddenly popped up in my head - using my sandwich maker to make toasted sandwich on the spot. My mum have this sandwich maker which my brother won it in a lucky draw many years back. We used it only a few times and it was the best choice for making freshly toasted sandwiches on the spot.
We have added our crimson coating to the collection of paint we noticed on the parking lot ramp and our car now wears with pride its Peruvian battle scars.
And now, the latest twist of irony only Anwar can conjure is perhaps the most bizarre: parading independent Australian MP, Senator Nick Xenophon from Southern Australia as an observer at his sodomy trial.
The glory of that day.
Who have I missed out? Which writers do you know of who are using new technologies creatively?
- Fabric and Watercolours
Melt the candy melts or chocolate chips in a double boiler or in the microwave. Dip the cake balls into the melted chocolate and lay out on the waxed paper to let the chocolate set. Chill in the fridge for the tastiest results.
Shall I fall to death's feather.
“You should know likewise what is to be the glory and the brightly shining state of the creation in the future age. For when it will be renewed, it will not again be the same as it was when it was created in the beginning. But it will be such as, according to the word of the divine Paul, our body will also be. Concerning our body the Apostle says: It is sown in a natural body, but is raised a spiritual body (I Cor. 15:44) and unchanging, such as was the body of our Lord Jesus Christ, the Second Adam, after the Resurrection. In the same way also the whole creation, according to the commandment of God, is to be, after the General Resurrection, not such as it was created, material and sensuous, but it is to be re-created and to become a certain immaterial and spiritual dwelling, surpassing every sense, as the Apostle says of us, We shall not sleep, but we shall all be changed, in a moment, in the twinkling of an eye (I Cor. 15:51). Thus also the whole creation, after it shall burn up in the Divine fire, is to be changed.
I started my blog back in October last year, but I only wrote a couple of posts before it got forgotten. At the end of December I took part in my first #eltchat on Twiiter, then preceded to have ten days off work with no voice and a bad cough. The combination of the high from #eltchat and an almost complete lack of face-to-face contact with the world was just the motivation I needed to get both my blog and my Twitter participation off the ground. Since then, the two have been intertwined, and have changed my teaching and my life.
The Thai are usually tall and slender.
And finally - the new #01/25 - FIRST EVER Lt. Ed. Canvas Prints of many of my new paintings (as well as some Valentine's Faces of Faery) are up for auctions starting at a penny now on eBay. As with ALL my canvas prints we can now wrap them upon stretcher boards & add hangers on the back, free of charge. Click HERE to see the new #01 Canvas Prints.
As a guest designer for this month at The Paper Shelter Challenge, I am thrilled to share my first post! Our challenge this week is "Photo Inspiration" and the pinks, purples and greens will definitely inspire you to join us!
we shall see
Cause when I take a look around
Incredibly talented women of all types are dressing up as their favorite geeky characters for the Women of Geekdom calendar. Podcasters, writers, gamers, cosplayers and artists, the calendar has a pretty diverse set of ladies.
This can be a salad served on greens or it can be a yummy treat for dessert. Even though, it has grapes in it, and no apples, the flavors remind me of a caramel apple at the county fair or at Halloween time. This will be a great ambrosial dish for our cook-outs this summer, or a potluck, and yours too!
You caused lots of strife.
After each situation, tell whether each child is praying, fasting or almsgiving.
dotting down to Ms.
We cannot go back to the way things were. Just as the new ideas of community were formed after the upheaval of the Industrial Revolution, communities in our Post-Industrial age will have new shapes defined by the circumstances of their own time. The ever-expanding rise of the online community alone means that things will never be the same again and, in time, this too may become as normal as the previous ideas of community it replaced.
All winners get to enter into the gates of heaven.
This is probably one of Leon Thomas' lesser-known albums, and I can see why. Not that it's bad, it just completely bizarre by virtue of its utter normality. Putting this album on the turntable for the first time was a jarring experience for me, because I would never have envisioned the singer I know through Pharaoh Sanders' band - the guy who innovated "jazz yodeling" as a technique all his own -- covering songs from B.B. King, Santana, The Jacksons, and Joe Scott (writer of "Never Let Me Go" and also responsible for the classic "Turn On Your Love Light.") The title of the album, Full Circle, might indicate a return to R&B and soul-music roots for Thomas. The album cover, which has him pimped out in bad-ass blaxploitation-soundtrack garb, does nothing to clarify this mysterious record.
A Bag of Trader Joe's Chocolate Kettle Corn
I decided to keep up with the other series from the same magazine before tackling this series. Anyway, given that I posted an entry for another series, I decided to keep up with this one.
No, I always wanted to be a teacher. I used to hold “school” sessions in the basement with my three younger sisters. I actually gave them homework. And they still like me. When I grew up I actually did become a teacher and spent twelve amazing years in the classroom. I honestly floated into school every day, with wings on, that’s how much I loved teaching. But then a funny thing happened. I wrote my first novel. My life has never been the same. I left the classroom and took a part time coaching position in which I coach teachers on how to become highly effective in their instructional practices. I did this to give myself more time to write. By a stroke of what I will call “luck” I will be a full time writer after this school year ends. I am beyond excited.
" One mans Junk is another mans Treasure " I think today's treasure hunt went Well , 5 empty pocket watch cases , some kinda silvery Nails , a hand full of small blackish metal things and two tiny silver magnifying glasses .
Collins and the Sixers will look to continuing their forward momentum and their quest to regain NBA relevance when they open the season the day after Christmas against the Portland Trailblazers.
If you're a blog reader, feel free to answer. I'll keep you all on the right course -- wrong answers won't get approved. I also don't post questions about the general query process or how to submit work to agents. These questions are about how the Shark works and ONLY about how the Shark works.
The important thing that is usually forgotten soon after someone is released is that human rights are always tenuous there; they just overreached this time by arresting someone who is too famous. Now people are starting to remember that they regularly arrest those who are not protected by their celebrity. I think you are right that by releasing Ai the government expected praise, but really all they got was a begrudging acknowledgment that they had finally done the right thing. Never mind that the PRC claims Ai owes them $1.85 million in "tax."
Crumbled Feta cheese for garnish
- Chicken & Tofu Curry
15.Rev. Joseph Callender / God Leads His Dear Children Along
After a period of waiting, the call to move from our home congregation of 24 years came — rather abruptly. I have been struggling with this call for some time now. But my husband put it into perspective, “Maria, we are not leaving the families with whom we have bonds, for they are in our hearts and we will still see each other, here and there.”
He has been doing well. Not great and not just ok, somewhere inbetween. Every once in a while he acts like he is in pain, and this afternoon he ran a fever. It broke by late evening, and I hope that is that. Unfortunately it means I had to cancel our swallow study for tomorrow ( I had to call and cancel before closing and that was before the fever broke), so who knows when that will get rescheduled for.
Here is a picture drawn by Sedrick with his little claws of a giraffe.
After much prayer and discussion, we decided (my husband, Little Miss, and I together) to try medication. Since spring break, Little Miss has been on Vyvanse. This was not a choice that we took lightly. It involved MONTHS of research and other interventions to come to that choice. And I am so glad we did. Little Miss has improved by leaps and bounds on this medication. In her words: "I don't feel like I have to jump up and down all the time". As a result, her frustration level has diminished, and as a result of THAT, her behavior has improved. My daughter went from a straight c report card (with one failing grade) to A's, B's and C's. Needless to say, I am now a complete advocate on medication when it's warranted (**NOTE: Medication is NOT right for EVERY child/family. PLEASE do extensive research on your available options and work directly with your pediatrician before making decisions on something like that**).
US Treasury Secretary Timothy Geithner has called on European leaders at the G20 in Washington to send a “decisive signal” that they have a strategy for tackling the debt crisis.
It may seem a bit odd, but this lack of self control without my input is very hard for me to take. He still hasn’t come up with an answer of how it’s not going to happen again except that I’m supposed to stop it from happening. He used me stopping him from drinking as a viable example, in his mind, of how I will stop him. I keep telling him the problem is that I had no idea it was happening. He said I would.
I just have to share this with you.
This is maddening. There has to be a way forward, there just has to be. If only I could find the right path. If only I could write the novel that fuels my dreams.
KEFFEDAKL4 13
On Sunday, however, we ruled Legoland. W.B. much preferred it as none of the rides featured scary dark places and it was generally peaceful and everything looked to be made out of Legos and they had a store where you could go in and fill up a sack with every type of Lego known to humankind. At only $28.99 a pound! And the lines were significantly shorter.
First, a disclaimer. I do very much like this movie. The acting is phenomenal, the dialogue is excellent and including the 1812 Overture is a surefire way to make my day.
Really, when was the last time you had a pint of an erstwhile Portland Brewing beer? With a reputation of safe, pedestrian beer and a flagship that now looks like a daisy in a field of craft brewing's exotic orchids, MacTarnahan teeters. Recent seasonals have done nothing to stem this impression (Grifter, Slingshot Pale) ... until now. Of all the major breweries most likely to release a saison, MacTarnahan's had to be the least. Yet here it is, Lip Stinger. The whole thing is mystifying. Including, it turns out, the beer itself.
King Solomon: Lower that sword! Remove it from the courtroom! Send the child with Lena, and by no means kill him. Because Lena is the child’s mother. Only the real mother would make any sacrifice, even letting her child go to someone else, rather than going through the pain of seeing him slain by the sword. The words of these women have told me the truth.
The perfectionist says if I don’t listen, then everyone will see who I really am: an amateur; a dreamer; out of shape; not all I should be.
now, if you are doing things by hand, place the drained bulgur wheat in a large bowl and knead it for about 3 or 4 minutes. add the onion mixture, flour and salt and knead again for another several minutes until you have a ball of dough. you may need to wet your hands under the tap every once in a while but it should be ok. check for salt and if needed add some more.
Take lots of photos and I mean lots. I lost count on the bedroom reveal, but let's just say, I'm using photos over several shoots because not all turn out on a given day. Weather, settings, time of day all play a part. Shoot more than needed so you can pick and choose your very best and offer your editor a good selection.
If you didn't catch it from the Letterman themed top ten, Tyler and I made a 'practice run' to the hospital last night. After waiting it out for about three hours, I finally decided that what I was feeling warranted an exam by a medical professional, in case the pain was indeed contractions.
- In 2010, an emergency provision will offer seniors a $250 rebate on the costs incurred within the “donut hole”
Where's the Sun on the first day of Spring on Mars?This is a good question. For the first day of Northern Spring on Earth, the Sun is located at a position known as the "First Point of Aries", a position that by definition is RA: 0°, Dec: 0°. The math gets a little tricky if we want to do this for Mars while staying in Earth-centric coordinates of RA and Dec (some icky spherical trigonometry is involved), so let's take advantage of JPL Horizons again.
And it is an odd sensation to feel happy and sad at the same time.
2. What are your strengths?
Have three stars next to your name on wifi. Get a three brilliant appraisement on all prixs.
Losing weight does not have to be hard, just be patient and forgiving with yourself. Don’t forget everyone is different so your journey will be different as well, but ultimately as long as you keep your goal in mind and take steps daily to reach that goal, it will happen.
If any of you are interested in becoming my official sponsor for the Olympics, please let me know. Since it's my first Olympics, I'll really wear anybody's logo.
I've decided to put this all out into the open...
All I know is that I will not be going back to Sea World anytime soon. It better be warm and no rain even possible. I am really interested to see how many kids will be missing from school tomorrow after being wet and cold today. Pretty sure it is going to be a movie day in my class. :)
A group of product design students recently took a trip to the February ‘Southern Manufacturing’ show in Farnborough. Daniel Cano has kindly supplied an account of the outing.
“What?!” I replied, my emotions alternating between pride and indignation. “I can’t believe that you lied to me!”
Sagittarius is yellow-brown (bordering towards yellow or “saffron”)
Oh well, we'll get through it somehow.
Anyone else having troubles with training????
A few minutes back I asked him to go out with me on Valentines, "if you're lucky," he smiled.
The little birds by God are fed
Chinese culture vs. American culture in the area of "Special Request" required a clarification that neither party knew needed to occur.
4. Didn’t win the lottery…oh do I need to buy a ticket to win?
Looking back over the past few years and all the crap that has hit us, I’m at a bit of a loss. Who have we pissed off?
They have poisoned the food supply through negligence, and undermined the farming system through monopolization.
Amen! Come, Lord Jesus! (Rev 22:20)
Coco and I trailed way behind the boys on our walk home because she wanted to walk all by herself. It takes forever. Lucien would occasionally run back to visit us, then double back to join his dad. One time he returned to Alex and said, "Coco fell down real bad in the middle of the street with cars but it's OK -- I think she's still alive."
Side Pockets:
Yes, exactly, I know what you’re saying…Girl, how can you work on anything?? Well, it’s real easy, I just pile things up. However I realized today, by piling things up, I don’t get anything finished because I get distracted by other projects. Looking at this conglomeration, I see three projects I have not finished:
Riley’s hazel eyes suddenly filled with tears; his voice became softer.
I was kind of surprised to find that this record hadn't been blogged before (at least that I could find). It's bad enough that it hasn't been reissued on CD. So even though I have some of my own records to get ready for posting I thought I'd take a few minutes to put this one up for you. As suggested, it's not my recording, but was done by FolkPhile (from vinyl) some time ago. FolkPhile is a great collector and poster who has been around in file sharing circles for a long time, posting in newsgroups and sharing in other places as well. So thanks to her (?) for this one.
director sama is very pro D: amaaaaaazing.
“This is about my reputation,” Lewis said. “The police accused me of lying about my conversation.”‘
Patisserie Claude
Swish is a soldier though. He's still the same crazy big brother as always. He gets to come to work with me and Mom more often now. We hang out in our patio and play.
Another lady in Sandymount told me that she got into a taxi on the North Strand and asked him to turn left to go over the Sam Beckett bridge. "Who's driving you or me" he drove straight on and she told him to pull over. "Who ever pays the piper calls the tune, smart arse. Now off you go"
I have a disconnect between what I see in the outside world and how I see myself. I look in the mirror, and I think, “Not too bad. Not perfect, but not bad.” I like myself, and for the most part, I like the way I look. However, the scale and my clothing are reminders I need to lose some serious weight, and last month I finally listened. I’m on a good path, and I’ve dropped 6 pounds so far. Again, not bad. I’ve cut sugar from my diet, I’ve been feeling increasingly strong. Most shockingly, I’m actually enjoying working out. I put on my loose(r) pants and head out of the house knowing all of this, wearing my confidence like a must-have accessory.
Then, as a last step, re-assemble your grill and turn its burners to high for 10 minutes. This will burn off excess water in the grill and help to sanitize it.
His smile, his misterious glance,
Hope all is good with you. See you on the next post!
- Misuse of many words
Tuesday - Meat Loaf, peas, mashed potatoes, cornbread
The challenges that lie before our contemporary designers are almost as numerous as those that burden the refugees themselves. There are cultural barriers and geographical isolation barriers, a distinct lack of materials and resources (or high costs associated with sourcing) and access to basic necessities including power and water can be heavily restricted. The most effective emergency shelters “make use of inexpensive, readily available materials, and require minimum tools for a quick build” (Wortham, 2007). But designers must design not only provide shelter and safety, but fight disease, educate, locate loved ones and reunite families, and create a sense of community solidarity. There is an ethical obligation to build with environmentally sustainable initiatives, and a moral obligation to rebuild not only houses, medical centres, and schools, but homes and communities.
Can you believe these are just a few of the hundreds of photos I’ve taken? And, of all things, I missed taking my own shot of Mary!
(Yes, the idea of a Heineken brand mocking an InBev brand's inauthenticity is absurd*, but it's a great ad.) Craft breweries could take a page from this playbook.
Fuuuuuuuuu!! XDDDDDDDDD
A tender document for the upcoming ceremony was published on the Russian government purchasing agency’s website. It reveals that those invited will enjoy a fine dinner. For starters, guests will have scallops with vegetable pancakes and mushroom sauce, smoked halibut with lettuce, fried duck roll with rosemary and Cornelian cherry sauce, and seafood salad with avocado puree.
It has been very cold today. It began snowing tonight.
by Steven A Morrelli for the March 2012 issue of InsuranceNewsNet Magazine. Steven A Morelli is the editor-in-chief of InsuranceNewsNet.
At work my buddies refer to me as “the Wizard.” Soon, my friends outside of work and some family members began to question why they call me that. The truth is, I always thought they call me “the Wizard” because I work in tech support and I am always able to fix any problems put in front of me.
“Harold, you have a date. One hour. In the shopping mall.”
"Everybody Draw Muhammad Day?"
let cool on pan for a few min before moving to a cooling rack
This weekend I took Margaret Fitzgerald's Nurse Practitioner review course. If you google her she seriously has 27 different acronyms behind her name. Apparently she is pretty much what you should include when preparing for NP boards. Taking the Fitzgerald for NPs is like the Kaplan for RNs. I didn't realize she was a big deal until she offered to autograph our review books (for real-I was sort of put off by that).
how they look so happy
The knees responded quite well to antiseptic wipes and a scrubbing brush. ( Ouch)
Hurry home.. I have a large repertoire I can pull from in regards to embarrassing moments and crazy thoughts. I usually just replay these things with you..but since I can not readily do so, my neighbors and friends will benefit!!!
After I had Jess of Bakericious's mango pomelo dessert during the food blogger's gathering, I made a mental note that I shall make it some day because that was one of the best sago dessert that I've tried. The usual honeydew sago dessert that was served at buffets were either too rich or sweet. Her mango pomelo dessert was very refreshing and makes me want to have more without feeling sinful of eating dessert. I wished i wasn't too full that day to have extra helpings of the dessert. ;)
I thought this would be a cute Wordless Wednesday picture and short story to share. I do look forward to checking out your image(s), please feel free to share the link in the comments area! Hugs & Blessings!
How was I supposed to answer? "Well, he should be a strong man. Not necessarily strong like being able to carry heavy things, though that is nice. I mean strong enough to support you when you're angry or sad or hurting. Someone who doesn't mind if you cry sometimes. Someone you trust enough to let see you cry. You should never be afraid to show how you're feeling or talk about why you're feeling sad."
A few days later my whole world went colorless. I couldn't figure out what the hell happened. I was walking along my merry way and then all of the sudden, I couldn't see colors anymore. I was sad, missed my mom, and was a permanent fixture on the couch. Once Dirty said this all started because Hanks and I couldn't be friends anymore, I got defensive. There was NO way I'm THIS sad because a friend of mine who isn't THAT important in my life said we can't hang anymore! "What kind of person does that make me?" I seriously questioned EVERYTHING! I questioned my marriage, my feelings for Dirty, my feelings for Hanks, my mom's death, myself, everything! I wondered if I had some serious feelings for Hanks that I didn't know about. It wasn't easy but I told all of this to Dirty. I felt if something was going on with me, he had to know. This is our future! He took it well, probably because I was so pathetic and crying and knew exactly what was going on. He let me spill my guts and then told me, that and Hanks "breaking up" was just a trigger. "You two are friends, you guys text and hang out, it's a loss, even if it's a small one. But this is triggering the feelings of your mom's death." Well hell! I didn't even think about it that way and why would I? My mind was just blank and I felt so dead inside.
Was I intimidated by the bagel? Oh yes. But, I persevered. First, I made the sponge.
-- On top of color televisions, potential clients for the agency include such newfangled inventions as disposable diaper, the synthetic fiber Kevlar, lawn replacement AstroTurf, the sugar substitute NutraSweet and any product related to the American quest to reach the moon.
beyond his pubescent attempts at apprenticeship:
Kelly stepped closer and licked Moons ear.
Behind the ladder are Les Clark and Eric Larson. We can't see it here, but Eric is drawing centaurs from Fantasia.
And a proper noun's specific.
"The director has received the docket and has passed it on to the DPP (director of public prosecutions) in Pretoria (Dr Silas Ramaite). He will make a decision in due course. It's a thick docket so it may take some time," said Sipho Ngwema, Ngcuka's spokesperson.
Button-up, vintage thrifted ($4)
It's Disney World for grownups: Yes, Vegas is the new family hotspot, but I'd be hestitant about bringing children there. Hotels such as the Mandalay Bay are ideal - huge pool area, and "Lion King" and Colby Caillat performances. At some point, one is going to have to leave the hotel to go to neat attractions such as Bellagio's fountains and Mirage's volcano. However, you're going to walk down "the Strip" and see billboards for adult shows, alcohol promotions and Mexicans workers handing out flyers for call girls. You could plan to be strategic, but I'm not sure how much fun it would be for adults or the children.
In preparation for the big move I am targeting one area a day. Today it’s the pantry.
DR. ORLANDO SACAY and WILFREDO GELITO, joined by THE LANDOWNERS OF BORACAY SIMILARLY SITUATED NAMED IN A LIST, ANNEX “A” OF THIS PETITION, petitioners,
That you’re sacred and blameless
And here's the press release!
Mix all ingredients (except for the extra sugar for dipping the glass) together well using a heavy duty mixer.
I thought the hight would have an effect like difficulties to breath, a higher heart beat, head aches or similar. But instead the only effect it had on me was that I really had to focus on what I was doing. I had to concentrate all the time, had to watch every step. But that was all. Lucky me :)
Now it's in a keg. Warm and flat, it has a nice malty character, good flavor. It's a bit boozy though, you can tell it's got a bit of alcohol in it. Off to the fridge to see how the taste changes when it gets cold and carbonated.
The story is very original and I found the characters pretty much realistic, normal, average teenagers any person could relate to. The story is centered around Corinne Finley, who discovers one day she has a strange family history. Under very strange circumstances she discovers her grandmother's little treasure, a wooden box with PYXIS engraved in old fashioned capital letters containing strange bottles of liquids. Are they food dyes? Because after all, her grandmother did like to bake. Now we come to the mystery part!
Now I wish I could take credit for this recipe but sadly I can't. The 120 cookie recipe has been doing the rounds and there are a few variations. I found this recipe here and of course being a lover of my Thermomix had to convert it. This recipe really goes a long way. I had to make it in 2 batches because I didn't have the 500g of butter (yes that is no misprint) required!
Fish(Catla/Rohu) 250 gms
1/3 buttermilk
Rating: 3 out of 5 stars
It is a part time position, with plenty of oppurtunity to pick up extra hours if I want them. That is one of the main things I was looking for. After years of working full time and raising my kids and caring for disabled relatives I want more time to pursue my own interests. Now I will have it and still be able to contribute financially. Musicman won't have to work as much as he is now, which means more time for us. That makes me very happy.
I have had lots of guesses in my competition now but so far no one has guessed the right number. If by Monday the exact number hasn't been guessed I will be giving the prize to the one with the nearest guess.
Burton also does a tremendous amount of heavy lifting – probably a little too much -- with the abundant 1970s era soundtrack, which is utilized as biting contrast to Collins’s serious but antiquarian proclamations of purpose and nobility.
8. Spent Grains will find a new life in food or baked products.
Mile 7 (Mary the Food Librarian, Helen, Alison)
Enough cynicism. Sorry.
It's easy to get started, too! Sign up, then simply take photos of your child's coloring pages, drawings, collages, etc., and upload them to the site.
Shankar’s father was very happy to see the letter. He too was a daring guy in his youth. He wasn’t happy to see his son join a jute mill, but poverty made him agree to it.
SMRT trains running along the East-West line from Pasir Ris to Joo Koon were delayed for up to 20 minutes due to ‘train fault’, causing angry commuters to post on Twitter to vent their anger and frustrations:
My super cute BUTTERFLY is from Bug Buddies 1. The set comprises of THREE fabulous images and FIVE coordinating sentiments.
But the fact that the politicians from London are the ones feeding the Smog in Un Lun Dun, the very politicians who are meant to be representing the greener side of life, with pro-active recycling and saving our planet. It seems that Miéville’s view of politicians is not a very positive one – that they are mostly hypocrites who care more about saving their own asses, and making themselves look good, than actually improving the state of our planet and everything they profess to care about. Maybe I’ve read too much into it, and these aren’t Miéville’s views at all, but this is certainly the message I got out of the novel as a whole, and it’s certainly not one I disagree with.
You may have seen the many news reports lately trumpeting beer as the lubricant that brought about the rise of civilization. For many beer lovers, this is not news. Heck, it's the reason I started "Confessions of a Beer Geek" in the first place. Indulge me for a second while I quote my mission statement, which I wrote over three years ago:
“So, I can change? How can I?”
7. Jean-Louis Murat "La Mésange Bleue" 6:01
The following comment was received from Paul England (Simmons & Simmons, London):
Ooh La Frou Frou Collection blog!
Exercise: A: Walked dogs twice. Stroller walk with friend around lake.
you used a silicone ice cube tray.
James D. Halvorson, 56, Greenwich, Conn.
- Educational videos and tutorials directly from Provo Craft.
Here is where the discussion of the electoral roll fits in. To my knowledge, there is no place in the world that allows this many foreigners to vote for the strategic purpose of winning office.
The tender silence speak,
Hey, I'm just glad to know I'm descended from people who, when evaluating which material goods really matter, include the teapot.
Moving on to consider the more recent developments in Wicca and Paganism, Hutton presents the modern world phenomenon of Witchcraft and of Paganism as having developed in Great Britain and been exported to USA where they were taken up by feminist pagans who massively popularized the concepts as well as imbued them with a more socialistic communal minded orientation. After this socialization the author says a “new and improved” Wicca made the jump back across the pond to England in the early 1980′s, that Paganism and Wicca have returned with greater prominence and popularity to Great Britain in large part via the books of such authors as Starhawk, Z. Budapest and others who have provided a number of self initiation and guide books for the growing number of solitary practitioners or hedge witches. Hutton portrays then the development of an essentially a politically conservative religious movement evolving into a liberal/progressive movement prioritization feminist issues, promoting a progressive social policy, and advocating self-help/group therapies. The author rounds out his voluminous research with an interesting personal account of what in his view the principle precepts of modern Paganism and Wicca entail.
Everyone must have the same idea. That,or someone is making a whole lot of soup !
Jesus came to fulfill the law, providing grace, and mercy. Through Jesus’ name we can do all things. (Philippians 4:13) That doesn’t mean that we should continue to live under sin, but it does mean that there is never-ending forgiveness.
the girls thought mr. john's tractor was the coolest thing ever.
The last Epping-Ongar service ran in 1994. At the time when passenger services were suspended, the line was only carrying a mere 80 passengers a day. The train that ran the final London Underground service on the line, a three-car unit of 1960 stock, has been preserved by Cravens Heritage Trains. After a variety of special opening days, at the end of 2007, the railway was sold to a new private owner who was committed to bring steam back to the line. Thanks to the owner the hard work of volunteers this will now be taking place.
Moses:
On the nose - A very finely poised battle between buttery sponge cake malts and citrus/ginger hops.
More detail anon…
The next thing he knew, he heard a growling barking dog and loud thudding goose-stepping. For the next few hours he listened as they barged into every house in the neighborhood and searched all of them.
If anyone asks, tell them it's a drink for a friend.
Nigh Night!
So it produced a sore throat and the sniffles.
Despite a large percentage of those tweeters having an unusual association with Justin Bieber (I’ll let you make your own mind up about their sanity), they share an overly exaggerated opinion of the sport that the majority have outside of racing.
Cecile LeNevez barely lifts her head and issues a haughty, "Whatever...." before returning to her iPhone where she's clearly immersed in a message of great importance. "Not there!" The blonde waves the new girl towards a bed in the corner of the room; again without making eye contact. A bed hidden in the sloped nook of a cape cod roof. Dark, away from the rest. "That's yours." She returns to her iPhone conversation as Corina begins to unpack whilst holding back the tears of loneliness. Already she doesn't want to be here.
“Yes, I believe in Jesus and received his justifying (sanctifying) grace when I was baptized into his Church. Jesus saved me. And at those times when I have sinned gravely and lost this grace, I returned to the Lord to be cleansed again by him in the Sacrament of Reconciliation (Confession) where I again received his justifying grace.
2 Tbsp unsalted butter melted (to brush shortcakes)
For the first time in a pair of series, the Red Sox lost a series-- dropping this game and thus, the series, to the Oakland A's. Tonight was the major league debut of top prospect Will Middlebrooks and he first came up in the second inning-- walking on four pitches and stealing second base. There was no scoring for either team until the fourth inning. With one out, Yoenis Cespedes doubled into left-center and was promptly driven in by Seth Smith, who grounded a ball into right-center to make it 1-0 A's. Daniel Bard had been cruising along other than that fourth inning blemish, but in the sixth, things got much worse. With one out and a man on first for the A's, Seth Smith doubled to left on a ball that Cody Ross overran to make it 2-0. Kila Ka'aihue doubled down the first base line to score another run and then Brandon Inge doubled off the monster to make it 4-0 in the fourth, Inge would be Bard's last batter.
At this point I met Emilia who was on course to finish under 2hrs and looking strong. It’s not great introducing yourself to someone while you are at your racing worst, but I still kind of did it.
11. R. Falcao (Atletico Madrid): Age: 26 Gls: 17 – WGR: 1.07
~ If you would also like to do a review of the book(s).
like orderly masts of ships
No matter how well you get along with your superiors. No matter how committed you are to their cause, their vision, or the mission. It doesn’t matter how much you’ve sacrificed in regards to your life for a company, you are baggage waiting to be catalogued in the excess bin. I don’t care if you’ve been invited to the yacht, if you baptized the CEO’s child or if you bore an illegitimate one after a “casual encounter” after hours in the toner room, you can get fired and no one is indispensable. No one. Not one person is exempt from this and it takes seeing good people getting canned after 10, 15 even 20 years working for the same place. True, there are some places that are much more respectful to loyalty, but when it all comes down… no one is safe my friends. Once the cow stops giving enough milk, no matter how hard she tries, there’s always a pneumatic hammer waiting to answer any questions you might have in regards to the farmer’s loyalty to his herd.
The male medical students, known as "Brown Doggers" and who supported using animals for experimentation, began once again to turn their aggression against the statue of the brown dog, which to many represented a victim – their victim.
To a sunrise which sets the world alight.
The 1968 Democratic Party Convention in Chicago is portrayed, where Uncle Cronkite famously lost his cool as the newsmen were assaulted on the floor of the convention, calling the floor security "thugs."
I have read a lot and still have a lot of reading to do. I have always struggled with "reading comprehension". I am both an audio and a visual learner, but more aural and as a result more verbose...loquacious. I understand how to listen and respond. I am at times just befuddled by too many words on a page.
64) Did the sun come out or did you just smile at me?
Best song – sorry, can’t decide.
“In a murderous time the heart breaks and breaks and lives by breaking.”
Everybody needs a Tirzah in their lives.
They must return by bitter shove
Well I hadn’t learned when a front door can be used,
O let me from this day be wholly Thine!
Such an awesome way to start the new year! Just WOW!!!
The five-year old girl is babysit by her naked uncle. The uncle explains to the parents that it is natural and beautiful to be naked. And as the parents leave he assures them that it is alright for the five-year old to sit on his naked lap while he reads her a story. After all he is a holy man of God. He is not subject to the law of sin that the apostle Paul said is in our members. He says it is natural and beautiful for him to be naked as he babysits his niece. After all this is how God made him. He removes the child’s clothes also so she can be as God made her also. Naked.
Meanwhile, in Paris this morning the allegations get wilder still from the DSK camp. My informant is, to be honest, on the outer fringes of the Strauss-Kahn supporters club, but he remains firm about black ops against his hero:
So, I've been slacking in the "blogging world." We are currently without internet at our house. Comcast should be by tomorrow to get us set up! WAHOO!!!
Air of excitement is back!
I often see people buy exactly the same things as people they follow on the internet. I try not to do it myself, but it's quite irresistable. "That dress looks so good on her, so it'd probably look good on me too", blah blah, so on. And when you know exactly where to get it, why not?
These and a mountain of other statistics testify to the failure of the American government to enforce its immigration laws and deter an army of illegal immigrants from invading the nation.
Lately I have been experiencing huge waves of energy running into my body from the crown. It feels good, but it keeps me awake for a long time, then subsides.
Using a pastry brush, spread your herb topping on the bread loaf.
Busta Rhymes - 39
And, to make her job harder, the child's carers had completely disguised his horrendous multiple injuries by putting some chocolate on him. How was she supposed to see through that? There was nothing in the training about that. Hope the tribunal solves your problem, like, Maria.
When do you know its the best time to visit someone who’s recuperating/has had a baby/has had a surgery/is in the intensive care?
I moved the horizontal element in the sketch a bit further up. Here I have used different strips of German scrap and misted them in different hues of lilac and purple. Under it can be seen another layer of stamping.
who are destined to a life of abandonment and grief and ugliness so horrid most of us can't even watch a five minute video about it
It’s not clear what the Chinese navy’s role in all this is going to be, but one must also wonder about several other imponderables. These would be (1) What speed will Titanic II be doing off Nova Scotia (2) will the same approach to unsinkability be employed (3) will there be enough lifeboats this time and (4) who’s going to be in charge of iceberg discipline?
"There are more fatal attacks committed by Pit Bulls than any other breed". This is an oldie but goodie - it's been bandied about forever. We recently sent a notice debunking this claim to the Huffington Post in response to a REALLY silly (even by over-the-top media standards) essay. Here's what we said: the Centers for Disease control have ceased compiling dog bite statistics based on breed because they recognize that such data is impossible to gather accurately. Statistics on dog bites based on breed have been called into question by many, including the American Veterinary Medical Association. Not to mention, for the purposes of bite statistics, the term "pit bull" doesn't even reference a single breed of dog: it references AT LEAST 3, along with mixed breeds and dogs merely looking a certain way. To compare "pit bull attack fatality stats" against those of "any other breed" means you are comparing attacks by MANY breeds and "types" against the bite stats of just ONE other breed. Hardly accurate or a fair representation of the American Pit Bull Terrier breed, aka Pit Bull.
So we first wound our way to the esteemed council man's office. When taking a quick peek inside the workspace itself a proud banner fighting for gay rights displayed itself above the hard-working head of a summer intern made me satisfied that this politician was worthy of the honor of a key to the city site right outside his front door. Unlocking the plexi glass display case, tucked behind the American flag, lay an entire little village of objects and notes, eagerly waving hello to Tom and I as we dug right in. The words of the people are below:
I've stopped reading here. I'm utterly confused about who the main character is. I'm absolutely stymied about why you think any of this describes a romance of any kind, and I'm here to tell you that if you kill that kid, you're going to be toast in the query process even if you revise this thing to perfection.
Sailing across the frigid North Sea, the long, slender piece of wood cut through the deafening water. Positioned at the bow of the ship, Alfhild pensively sat, thinking of the battle to come. A chill slithered down her spine, not due to the brisk wind, but because their destiny was only known to Frigg.
- You are testifying on Capitol Hill, and your science is challenged?
Please take time now to photo document your tree BEFORE Con Ed comes around, as well as after their visit.
Somehow, the Jews prevailed against the attempted second Holocaust. And without the help of Europe, the United States or the UN.
This is part of a series. Are they any special challenges when writing for a series?
But the book I read yesterday - which I am not going to name - made me so mad I couldn't sleep.
Sue Grafton
Here's a sneak peek at what I'm working on for this year's CTN. I'm doing a set of animal/alphabet/automobile flash cards. Originally the idea started as doing a children's book and the idea evolved into flash cards. Everything is very much still in progress, but I want to share what I've been working hard on. I have exactly 2 weeks left until I need to deliver the final files so wish me luck.
We will still have 3 winners.
21. People = Shit
*Psssssst*And Nancy? Make sure Planned Parenthood gets a good chunk too. Losing access to low cost (or free!) checkups, birth control, and counseling on sexual health and family planning would throw off more budgets than just my own, sending the economy into a terrifying downward spiral as low income women everywhere STOPPED. BUYING. SHOES. This is serious, people.
My sister in law is coming for a much anticipated visit. This gives me the kick in the ass that I need to get the house in order. Plus, she is just about the sweetest person that I know.
Unfortunately I forgot to photograph the Copic colours for this project :( The hair is done with E30s, the dress with R80s, the top with the pale RVs and the green on the tights are the paler YGs. I used the Ns for the shoes...hope that helps...sorry!
A: Yes. It’s within our technological reach to build a full-sized Enterprise with 1g gravity. This Gen1 Enterprise can go on missions to key points of interest in our solar system, like Mars and Venus. It will be the biggest ship of any kind ever built by humans, and it will be larger than the tallest building in the world. It’s possible to build the Enterprise, and it would be a monumental achievement for us humans who inhabit the planet earth.
HAPPY BELATED BIRTHDAY SON!!!!!!
I don’t know why the Tramp wants this so bad. Early versions of him are often cloudy this way. Yet Chaplin created a character so refined in his motion and so closely mimicking natural human reactions that it never matters. You might say Chaplin collapsed the barrier between motivation and action. While the Tramp obsesses for reasons we can’t understand, his means of attaining a goal always has logic, and his emotional response to success and failure make him credible, even normal. It sets the Tramp apart—most glaringly in these Keystone shorts—from actors playing caricatured types, who react in caricatured ways to things such types are supposed to react to. The Tramp’s not a Bum; he’s a man who has no home.
Blue Point Toasted Lager is on the more straightforward side of things, with a light bitterness and a gentle caramel. Bob caught a hint of candy sugar, and we were both sensing some berry notes. Tasty.
And I set out on my journey: job searching and applying, job searching and applying. Occasionally, I had an interview or two, but nothing really panned out. During this same time, however, two things started happening that I didn’t foresee. I started spending time with Jake again (unconsciously making NYC a preference amongst the 5 cities now) and my job began to offer me more projects and opportunities – eliminating the whole restless thing I had going on (although I still wanted more money). Even with those two things occurring, I kept searching and applying, believing that wherever I was supposed to be – something/ the right thing would come through for me. And one day, I received a call for a job I’d applied for in Brooklyn and they wanted me to come up for an interview. Having been through a few interviews prior, I didn’t get overly excited but it certainly had everything I was looking for (great career potential, more money, and this new found desire for NYC). I went to the 1st interview and I KNEW I’d knocked that interview out of the park.
Conveniently pulled from our “Uncle Litinov” series of programs at CultFit HQ…
You're showin' 'em how it's done
Here are some of the things that I’ve learned from this summer (in list form because I think in lists.)
Scooter/ Motorcycle/ Moped 21%
While Amazon directly threatens traditional publishers with its new imprint, it continues to undermine the ecosystem on which book publishers, and most new authors, depend. Julie Bosman describes this well in her NYT article, focusing on the last remaining brick-and-mortar bookseller with nationwide clout:
Taste :
For years, state and local school officials have handed out these competitive grants with few strings attached and little oversight, a Miami Herald review has found. For example:
Sgt. Hale/ Chimera Trooper
The grown up man recalls the story and broke down in tears when the soldier touched him, hugged him. He smelled, he was covered in lice but the soldier didn't care. He just had this moment with this kid. He got rations for the boy and the others and he was never seen again.
Up until a few years ago, I thought a “meme” was either a creative spelling for “Mimi” or a mime that wasn’t spelled properly at all. I’m slow to catch on to most social zeitgeist trends out of choice and because I’m slowly turning into one of those old curmudgeons my parents are now. I’m nearly tragically unhip, though I do maintain presences on Facebook and WordPress (though not Twitter; I refuse to go down that road.)
APRIL MONEY REVIEW FOR YOU
By Rainer Maria Rilke (1875–1926)
talkative
"This song kicks off with a solid riff and, even though it feels a little '90s, it is quite catchy. Vocal style is similar to Stereophonics, and lead guitar is similar to Oasis. 'Fly' is quite short, but is probably worth a look if you are a britpop fan."
1. Breaches of contract are actionable per se
The Klang Municipal Council had better adhere to a 66.6% quum, not the voters adhere to the Klang Municipal Council ‘renovatrion guidelines’. Where are those Local Council Elections and amendments to BN era local laws? The ‘end of APARTHEID Constitution’ needed amendments?
The Avengers is finally here. The enormous cast of some of the greatest comic book turned into films have come together to fight evil, or with each other. Either way, this is an action movie buff’s time of the year. And also it is time of the year for box office hoots!
Physics. Nice teacher, yes, into his trad jazz, but what the fuck was Physics all about? And why those tall stools, why the long benches? So uncomfortable. I liked a desk with a chair, a stool and bench were so uncivilised.
Mare51089: yea
3/30/2012 Detroit, MI – St. Andrew’s
centenarian grandma marks 36 years in prison today
Police said a 32-year-old Derrimut man was taken to the Royal Melbourne Hospital with fractures, while a 27-year-old Taylors Hill woman and a Richmond man and woman - both believed by paramedics to be aged 19 - were transported to the Sunshine Hospital with minor injuries.
Spring and summer are so busy for me because we have a boat too. So we've been spending lots of our spare time doing boat projects.
In Switzerland the German Swiss and French Swiss are different but there is a rough equivalence that allows them to work together with mutual respect, deal with differences, and strike deals that are mutually acceptable. The same can be said for Castilians, Catalans, and Basques in Spain, and Hundus, Sikhs, Muslims, Gujaratis, and Bengalis in India. These groups are all different, but the differences are not so great or one-sided as to render them completely asymmetrical. Where goodwill exists, the different groups can represent their racial and cultural interests and address problems in a quid pro quo manner without denying race as the American establishment does.
To be recognized and respected is the inaleienable right of every human being.
“Weeks passed, and the little Rabbit grew very old and shabby, but the Boy loved him just as much. He loved him so hard that he loved all his whiskers off, and the pink lining to his ears turned grey, and his brown spots faded. He even began to lose his shape, and he scarcely looked like a rabbit any more, except to the Boy. To him he was always beautiful, and that was all that the little Rabbit cared about. He didn’t mind how he looked to other people, because the nursery magic had made him Real, and when you are Real shabbiness doesn’t matter.”
I am also “stickying” this post for its duration, so it is easy to find.
Wow, I can't believe it's almost April! Where did March go? This year is moving way to fast, yikes!! Today, I have a quick card that I made using the Kate's ABC's cartridge. My card base is 4 1/4 x 5 1/2 and base layer at 4 x 5 1/4. I cut another mat 3 1/4 x 4 1/4 which I distressed using Tim Holtz-Victorian velvet distressed ink and pop dotted this cute vase with flowers cut from Kate's ABC's cartridge. I cut it at 4 1/4 plus the layers, again distressing the pieces. I added a cute little Peachy Keen face from the Dolly Dumplins set.
For my card today I used the Brr and the Nerdy Snow Peeps and last months set Bring on the Holiday Cheer.
Agents in Cartagena noticed the piano was suspiciously heavy and decided to tap some keys, only to find the sound quality seemed strange, the statement said. The cocaine was discovered packed into various recesses of the instrument.
3. Celebrate them.
(Trouser Press)
So, I was watching In Time last night, and all I kept thinking in my head: If J.T wasn’t in this movie, I would’ve shut it off in the first 5 minutes. The movie had absolutely nothing to offer except this oft-repeated line:
There are so many details about our last few days with Mila that I want to share. I want to write about court and our long trip home. But I'm feeling the need to write another story first.
Thanks for stopping by Today! Scrap the love of family and friends before the memories fade away!
Do not buy low quality cheap articles and lose your money.
So LG has decided to write this really funny post but hasn't done it yet. It's coming soon though, hang in there.
Often when things don’t go my way I want to cry or scream or cuss (or all three). But usually the bad things pass or the disappointment fades or the hurt heals and I realize then that I could never survive without my faith. The faith that is nourished by my family, my friends and my community. The faith that sustains me during life’s heart-breaks, setbacks and disappointments.
Not a week, did we miss-
i attended an event, majlis anugerah gemilang siswa, which was organised by unimap. the event which was held at the dewan kapitol was in conjuntion with the univ's students successes in sports & others along with academically excellent. my parents were invited along, but they had to sit quite far from me. i loved to see mine & my friend's humble parents who came along, i love to know that all of them were happy for us, their children, and i love the feeling that we had make our parents proud and thankful based on their smiles and nods, with who know? the tears of joys inside insyaAllah. subhanAllah. alhamdulillah.
“Hey white-boy!” I heard while crossing the street. I quickly realized that, since I am white, a man, and the only other the person on the street, they were probably talking to me. So, I turned around.
Keeping cool can literally save your life. The lack of an air conditioner can cause real misery in those hot, endless days of summer. Dehydration, heat stress, and loss of energy can be serious conditions, particularly for young kids and the elderly.
Back to the Occupy movement, I’d like to share this article from Josh Brown, a financial advisor inNew York City, where he tells Wall Street why people are angry. It’s not a long article and it’s a good read if you have a couple of minutes.
This is a fabulous recipe if you like stir fry chicken. I found it on Rasa Malaysia, a great food blog. You marinate the chicken twice, and it completely changes the texture of the chicken, so that it is tender, just like you get in great Chinese restaurants. It sounds weird, but bear with me, as the results are fabulous. I have doubled the sauce ingredients from the original recipe, as I found there was not enough sauce. If you are using more chicken, double the sauce ingredients again. You can also use whatever vegetables you have on hand, eg. broccoli, choy sum, carrots, bean shoots etc
I recommend combining a trip to the Patan Museum - which rightfully has a reputation as one of South Asia's finest museums - with a visit to the House of Wo. Also on the same block of Patan Durbar Square, the Sundhara Hiti (sometimes called the Royal Bath) made famous by a scene in Bertolucci's Little Buddha - has just recently been reopened.
Endurance
The old man smiled at me and pushed it into my hand, closing my hand around it before I stepped back and stared at him. “Thank you.” Maybe he wasn’t so bad after all, but my judge of peoples’ characters hadn’t done me any favors.
The café has nothing to do with the Lomprayah company, but they have an arrangement – useful for both of them, and convenient for the traveller who arriving in the early morning can find a place to squat and maybe have coffee and breakfast. We waited an hour or so before the bus arrived and we were transported to the catamaran. We boarded the boat and we were off, bound for the beautiful island of Koh Samui.
The answer to question #2 ... we’ll tackle that answer another month.
limits the very essence of who He is? Why do we box in the essence of the uniqueness of who we are in His image?
Living in North America and being exposed to art and literature from many cultures I am sometimes not as current on Irish literature and the arts as I would like. My youngest brother Thomas, living in Dublin, is an avid reader, patron of the arts and is knowledgeable on music of all genres. His gifts to me are usually books or CD's. He is always so excited to tell when he attends a book signing, concert or lecture of some up and coming artist. A copy of Ghost Light by Joseph O'Connor came through my mailbox and I have just finished reading it for a second time. I highly recommend it.
So glad it's the weekend.
Well, today I have quite a lot to do. I need to start working on a book that I’ve been working on for the last month. It’s actually very good, but it definitely needs work once I have the skeleton put together. I won’t go into much detail on it now because so much could change.
From Adam on up the Jesus, every man and woman went to a lower region called Paradise and some even deeper than that called Hades but no one was allowed to enter Heaven. Everybody went to Hell. Remember Jesus went to Hell to set all the captives free because everybody was doomed after Adam and if it wasn’t for the blood of Jesus, we too would all be going to Hell. Luke 23:43 “Jesus answered him, “I tell you the truth, today you will be with me in paradise.” Acts 2:31 “He looked ahead and spoke of the resurrection of the Christ, that HE WAS NEITHER ABANDONED TO HADES, NOR DID His flesh SUFFER DECAY.” NASU 1Peter 3:18 “For Christ also hath once suffered for sins, the just for the unjust, that he might bring us to God, being put to death in the flesh, but quickened by the Spirit: 19 By which also he went and preached unto the spirits in prison;”
Going thru my harddisk and reorganizing some of my old photo, saw this shot taken 2 years ago but didn’t really caught my attention during that time.
As a kid, my family went on a "BBQ Tour of the South" to find the greatest version of BBQ sauce on offer. I don't totally remember the verdict, but I do remember getting a wicked sunburn on Tybee Island a week before the 8th Grade Dance (dammit.) However, I came out of this excursion with a great fondness for all varieties of BBQ, and turning vegetarian has not altered it one bit.
It would be nice if these styles took off as I think they open up so many new flavor palates. For this particular beer I had a very focused flavor profile I was going for. From previous experience with Brett Drie in my Best Bitter (almost a 1.5 yr ago), I know it produces some huge fruit flavors when young. Especially tropical flavors like guava, mango, papaya (think the popular Hawaiian drink POG). To follow-up with this, there are two main ways you can go with flavor blending - contrasting or complementing. I decided to go for something that would re-enforce the tropical fruit flavors - Nelson Sauvin hops. My first exposure to these hops was in Alpine Brewing's Nelson, which is wildly popular. My first time trying it, it took me by surprise because I was expecting a big citrus hop flavor typical of many West Coast IPAs and this beer has a soft fruit flavor. And at that point the "Sauvin" in the name started to make sense because of the relationship to white wine flavors.
In China, a rocket carrying its first space laboratory was launched into orbit. There was jubilation in their country. Everybody's getting Wang Chung tonight.
Mexican Response
Arrivals' baggage was disinfected in huge autoclaves, 'residents' forced to shower in Carbolic acid and the healthy were divided from the ill. Passengers were also segregated from first class to Steerage and their accommodation reflected their status aboard ship. Quarantine periods lasted up to 3 months. Initially the situation was difficult and alienating but after several Royal Commissions and improvements, for most, it was a pleasant if not a little intimidating experience. Sadly for over 500 souls it meant death. The rooms we stayed in were formally third class quarters but beautifully restored and all mod cons. Close to the Asiatic quarters (those of you who know Jeff will appreciate the irony) and opposite a haunted dining hall. Generally very comfortable except for my initial ability to unlock the bathroom door which kinda freaked me out a bit. Well until I was told I wasn't applying enough force to the downward door handle. Duh moment!
her favorite show -- the fresh beat band.
*Hint: Be sure to sing clearly and slowly through the "L, M, N, O" portion of the song. When we sing it quickly, it sounds like one long letter - and your child will learn it that way!
This glamorous set is composed by a necklace and a bracelet. Two long strings of stone and metal beads that sensually wrap the neck and the wrist; the necklace string’s ends softly fall from the left shoulder to the breast and the back.
C/O Jills House
There are many different vitamins with which a vitamin deficiency of them can lead to acne problems. One such vitamin is Zinc. Zinc is one of the most important vitamins when attempting to fight and prevent acne due to its many uses and how important it is to the body and the skin. A vitamin deficiency in Zinc alone can cause acne breakouts and therefore maintaining healthy amounts of Zinc in one's everyday diet is very important for those looking to either combat their current acne problem or to help prevent a future one.
MADemoiselle Veronique & Monsieur Walter
1. Expectations – People, including students, tend to prove us right. They rise to our expectations or let us down. We must keep faith in our students’ good intention to help and learn.
Graffiti is considered as vandalism in some countries.
After delivering their presentation and campaign ideas to the sex dragons, the boys waited with trepidation to find out how they did – and were thrilled when they learned that their idea had won a silver award and that they would now get to see their ideas turned into reality this year.
There seems to have been a double-LP version in the US (note: most people are quite certain that there never was a US Pregnant), but all we have here is a track list for the single LP version:
Buff: Euphoria is not a drink. It's a state of ... bliss.
Space-gap is the owl-light-wish of time-gap
There is a reason the movie The Hangover was written.
It’s a form letter, only this one actually grades my sense of failure. In the case of the BBC’s Writer’s Room, they receive 10,000 scripts a year and less than 10% get through the first sift. I didn’t make it past the first sift. They didn’t bother to read more than the first ten pages. They thought it was rubbish.
Tallahassee, Florida 32399 (850)488-4877
Blautöne/blues: B 99, B 97, B 95, B93, B 91
Cooked this dish last Sunday....lazy, tired and do not know what to cook
Marcin Dolega at almost 450 pounds:
It seems to me that the state is using sport to sharpen up its means of oppressing the populace. And to be quite frank, if the Olympic Games are such a huge threat to the life of people in this country that this types of measure, as well as putting weapons on top of blocks of flats is needed, then it is just one more reason why we shouldn't be having them here. The other major reason being the immoral cost when we are supposedly in a financial mess.
Hubby(clearly obsessed and running to the computer to search): I CANNOT believe I dropped that plate! Damn you ebay…..I can’t find that exact model.
105. “There are two ways to spread happiness; either be the light who shines it or be the mirror who reflects it.” – Edith Wharton
Copyright protection is a set of law formed in the United States and the rest of the countries all over the world which reserves exclusive rights to the “authors of original authorship and work”. The copyright protection extends its wings to the dramatic, literary, artistic, musical, and other intellectual crafts. Such protection is basically granted to both the unpublished and published works.
I thought we fought these battles in the late 1970's and early 1980's. I'm sorry I didn't know about the rally in time. I would have been more than willing to be arrested for this issue.
The J Paul Getty Museum has commissioned four new sculptures by Tim Hawkinson, and, for the first time on the west coast, his gargantuan Überorgan, 2001 is on display. Using an actual organ and a variety of ducts and pipes as a conveyance of massive sound, the flatulent and moaning piece is loud, overwhelming and completely obnoxious. It is also fantastic. From the intestinal tubes and belching aortas in the Getty’s entrance hall, you proceed into the collections looking for quiet, struck with wonder yet fleeing a magnificent creature that woke you up.
This was just one thought rattling around my brain today (Wednesday) and lingered for a while before passing through.
Adopting a lacto-ovo vegetarian diet does not automatically mean an improvement in health. One of the advantages of lacto-ovo vegetarianism is that eggs and dairy products are good sources of the protein, vitamins, and minerals for which vegetarians may have special requirements. Both eggs and dairy products, however, are generally high in calories and fat, and contain cholesterol and saturated fat.
“Oil spills can kill large numbers of animals by covering them in oil, and create long-term contamination that can affect populations and ecosystems for decades”.
My grandpa was indeed the patriarch and the public sphere yang to my grandmother’s matriarchal private sphere yin. He loves to recall boyhood memories of mischief, smoking, playing drums in a rock band, and riding motorcycles. He coached baseball until he couldn’t anymore and could run a mile with ease in his 50s. He’s a country boy—a god-fearing, self-educated, politically active, workhorse of a man’s man. He liked holding titles at work and in church and taking on all of the responsibilities and accountabilities they entailed. He’s 5’ 4” and almost all of his daughters and granddaughters, in stature alone, stand taller. But he’s a booming, charming, and authoritative presence in any room (and a little bit of a show boat in some). When you shake his hand, even if you try to match the pressure, no matter how much bigger you are than he, you end up feeling it for a few seconds afterwards. He rarely cries openly; he refuses to take necessary medications even after being presented with sound medical advice urging him to; he was firm but compassionate with, at least, me (his kids are ambivalent on this one). That’s just who he was and is—in part nature, in part nurture.
Fabiana Romero was gunned down in the breezeway outside of her new apartment at Villa del Sol condos in south Orange County Wednesday. Jesus Romero, her estranged husband whom she had filed for divorce from and had a permanent injunction against, was found dead nearby from a self-inflicted gunshot wound, deputies said.
There are 35 days until the end of the world.
The Taliban claimed responsibility for the assault on the heavily secured compound housing hundreds of international workers on the eastern outskirts of the capital. They said it was in response to the U.S. president’s visit and promised more attacks as they launch their usual “spring offensive” across the country.
but i have a couple of things to tell you before i disappear again:
Last night I got my answer.
LEMON ICE CREAM WITH MINT
These are the makeup products I use every single day but they're not the only products I use, just my favorite. As you can see, I use a lot of MAC products! It helps that I now have my MAC Pro card and get a sweet discount ; ).
Epilogue: A handful of years later, the day of salvation is nigh. As of this post’s drafting*, I am in the process of digging through the hundreds of thousands of well-intentioned but collectively sorry old words in preparation to raise the story back to life. …Which, at this outlining stage, feels disconcertingly like robbing graves to piece together a creature ripe for reanimation by lightning.
What impressed me most about Benaron’s story is that it is a fiction story that manages to enlighten readers about a true event. The education is subtle—most of the novel is about Jean Patrick and the relationships he forms with his brother, his coach, his uncle, his girlfriend, his teacher, and his country. But you could read this book knowing next to nothing about what happened in Rwanda and come away with a much better understanding.
Sometimes the toast does not land butter side down.
If you teach Avery or Charlie and receive a bottle of lotion or candle from me - it may, or may not, have come from the gigantic stash in my re-gift closet.
It's wet, is what. Not the yarn, thank the KG--and yeah, I asked, twice--but the wall. And the floor. My knitting room shares a wall with the kids' bathroom--the same wall the shower is against. And that wall is, according to the Head Guy, "unsalvageable." As is the IKEA Expedit unit that stores the yarn. Again, according to the Head Guy. This prompted me to ask again about the yarn, and I think he finally caught on that the yarn, for some inexplicable reason, is Important. That maybe it is so Important to the crazy lady of the house that it could be used as a bargaining chip to get me on board with the whole, "we have to tear down half your house" idea. Because he immediately began reassuring me that only one corner of the yarn storage is wet, and he personally removed the yarn from the wet section and put it across the room. And, if the insurance company approves the claim, his guys will very carefully box the yarn, exactly as it is in the bookcase right now, by color, and label it, and make sure it goes back where it belongs.
After the conference, Coach Xhi of Pinay Fitness told me that many foreign triathletes train at the SBMA before they compete at Ironman Triathlon events. There's sea, good terrain, and the bike and run course has challenging slopes and incline.
This morning was fabulous,
C. Keeping a journal
The thing that happened is that last week in the middle of the night, Serge woke up and his arm didn't work anymore. He tried to wake me, but apparently I was unwakeable, so he took a taxi to the emergency room and got some "care". I put that in quotes because the doctor told him he had "trucker's arm" and bound it with a cast and splint thing and told him to come back in ten days. Basically he was told that it would probably just go away on its own. Well, no. Since it was his right arm and he's right handed, everything became a chore. Not least of which was ass wiping. Writing, cooking, using a mouse, everything was difficult. So he went to see a physical therapist. But since he didn't have a doctor's referral, he had to pay. I don't think he should have to pay and hopefully he will not be spineless and complain to the doctor when he sees him again on Thursday. His problem is this: He can't tilt his hand upward, and he has difficulty raising his arm as well. The camera was brain farting when I took this shot, but he looks like a person with MS when he tries to pick up an ordinary glass of water.
Add a jump ring and some ball chain and our Mixed Media Charm Necklaces are ready to give as Mother's Day gifts!
Cinderella Dresses - printable collage sheet plus individual images
The waiter brought over the bottle and a clean glass. The beer poured this beautiful, lightly carbonated pale red with a white, one inch head that lasted for a couple minutes before receeding into the beer. The final drop produced a glass of unfiltered, cloudy beer with a beautiful red color and a gorgeous white head. Even the waiter walked up to us and said “Wow! I was not expecting the beer to look like that!”
The house stands silhouetted by trees. In the dark there is an eerie look to it, like whoever last lived in it was scared away, or was driven away, or ran away. I get out of the truck. The engine ticks and I can feel the heat coming off of it. I grab my bag from the bed and stand there holding it.
Don't tell anyone.
Going from acid to rock
uttered shocking words.
Why did you say no? That was a lie.
gives a stop
I went into school, and on the way saw a cyclist being crushed by a bus at the Knightsbridge/Sloane Street junction. By the time I got to UCL, it was 5PM, and I’d completely forgotten why I walked up there in the first place.
What kind of peace is this? From the days of Madrid and Oslo to this day, have we achieved anything? We have achieved nothing but illusions.
And why the bugger are you cutting the funding and the resources that are already out there, if a Big Society is needed this much?
There is only one yellow spotlight lit and that light is focused on the three servants (Imtithal, Saameira and Maisa) who are cleaning the floor.
My new kicks, which aren’t really new. I’ve been getting Brooks Adrenaline for years now. I’m breaking them in for the Flying Pig and I really like them! I think they are helping with the shin splints I was getting earlier in my training.
The Sing Sing Museum project that I worked on ten years ago, and that was to be built inside the ruin of the original building, is on hold. In my opinion, that’s not a bad thing.
New Testament people included in these sets:
1 onions, finely chopped
One of the rules that has been brought up more than once now, and which is a topic of great debate in the forums, is this: don’t use adverbs. This must be a good rule since everyone repeats it. After all, we all know that Stephen King dislikes adverbs above all other parts of speech, saying that the road to hell is paved with them. Or something like that.
There wasn’t really a curtain; there wasn’t even a stage. I just had to move some tables to make room for my equipment at the back of the shop. Then I went to get a mug of coffee. I looked out the front glass window. That same glass window I had looked out countless times while steaming milk behind the counter while a line of familiar faces waited patiently for their morning coffee. Now, however, I looked out it to distance myself from the situation I found myself in.
700 ml vegetable stock
Source: Iceland Review Online
for a bag I wore the originally black clutch, that after the paint job from last fall looks better everyday. I've used it as a computer case ever since to get that perfect distressed finish.
What I have known is this:
Most of the school year was typical, classes, assignments, hoping not to get picked last in gym, wondering what was for lunch, passing notes, getting caught with gum. As the days rolled into months, there was one day that we all looked forward to. As the school year drew to a close, as the days got a little longer and warmer, we all started to get excited for…..Sports Day!
I also ran with a backpack (not intentionally - I just didn't have time to drop it off as planned) and that made it pretty hard, even at a slow pace. The 6 miles we ran together were certainly eventful. Let's just say it's a good thing I had some toilet paper in my bag because there was definitely an impromptu porto potty stop for the marathon girl in a house under construction around mile 22. She finished STRONG on a hilly course under her goal of 5 hours and was amazing.
not the usual princesses or olivia or fancy nancy,
We’d also like to take the time and give some respect to an often overlooked part of wrestling shows – the managers. A lot of our favorite memories involving big names in the wrestling industry wouldn’t have been possible without them. Who would have been the mouthpiece for Andre the Giant in his heated rivalry with Hulk Hogan if there was no Bobby Heenen? Who would have remembered the rivalries that the Midnight Express were involved in if it weren’t for the great ringside presence and promo work of Jim Cornette? Managers lend their gift of gab to performers who would rather let their wrestling do the talking. They have been an important part of this business for decades and we are honored to have one of wrestling’s most exciting new managers to our trading card set. We are sure that Mr. Late Nite will continue to deliver great promos and entertain fans wherever he goes with his unique brand of showmanship.
I have some experience using these brakes before. A road, drop-bar specific set graced my Kona Dew Drop but they always felt a bit ‘spongy’. Reading around this topic, it appears that to get the best performance from these brakes you need decent cables.
I knew
The kind that's dry, stiff, flavorless.
Will I still buy it? Most likely because of my love for the franchise and that I want to see Diablo die once more. But I’m sure the game will receive less than a 100 hours of total time. And I expected 1000 hours. That’s how much my hype has gone down. Instead of dreaming of Diablo every day like I expected, I am instead dreaming of Dota 2 and Guild Wars 2. Something has gone wrong indeed. However, I am sure some blind fans will defend Diablo III as the perfect game despite its lack of core features of the franchise.
Well this past weekend I purchased a used aquarium, which also came with 4 rather large gold fish. So once I got them settled back into the aquarium in the new home it was time to start draining the pond. First thing I did was bring in my water lily and other aquatic plants I want to try my hand at over wintering. I am hoping I can over winter all of them that I brought but but mainly my fingers are crossed for my water lily. So once they were in and put to bed in a fridge in the basement, it was time to catch the fish. Well this can be a challenge when you don't have a proper net.....okay I thought I had one from years back, but needless to say it was no where to be found. Good thing the fish in the pond were fairly dormant, made it easier for me to catch them. So the were transferred to a large tub of pond water and brought in the house to slowly adjust the temperature of the water to room temperature. 24 hrs later they were moved to their new home in the aquarium.
May His name be praised!
But I think part of it is that it keeps my mind engaged. I may not read the serious literature that others read, but a lot of these authors are amazingly talented and vivid. Just because their stories end happily and have some sex thrown in, it seems as if their creativity and ability is somehow questioned.
“Do you really?” asked Riva, cocking one sleek eyebrow. “I’m not so sure; but, the Beboodles are certainly your legacy and you have every right to pick up where your grandmother left off. You must have some guideline?”
Yet there is hope. Life hurts right now but there is a little light at the end of the tunnel. I have my new mantra.
The last few days have been cool in the morning with highs only getting up into the 80's. It has been so nice after such a hot summer. It has also gotten me in the mood to get out my Fall decorations. I was going through pictures I had taken of my Fall decor in previous years and I have to say most of the photos are not that good. Blogging has really improved my photo taking abilities, even though I still have lots of room for improvement. Anyway, I wanted to share a couple of the photos with you. As soon as I get my decorations up I will post them but until then here is just a little inspiration.
“With all due respect, sir, if this is the dog’s clit then this is the luckiest dog in the world.”
The Treasury’s credit easing scheme may improve access to funding for small- and medium-sized businesses and, as can be seen by recent news reports, some exporters are receiving more orders from Asia.
She lived with us for 18 years. Pamela was very shy but oh so sweet.
Sullen, Zantric carefully gathered up Brother Vang’s prone form and was joined by the dwarves as the felled crusader was carried clear from the carnage; a solemn hymn was begun, with the others soon joining in prayer over the selfless servitor of Iomedae. With Brother Vang’s continual sacrifices and fearless dedication to his fellows, a chord had been struck; sent forth from the mortal coil, Brother Vang felt himself surrounded by a familiar, comforting warmth before receiving a touch upon his brow and a reassuring clasp upon his shoulder.
This project is supported by the Iceland Symphony Orchestra, The Icelandic State Radio, the Ministry of Education, the Icelandic Musicians’ Union and the Player’s Committee of the ISO. The book was published by Forlagið Publishing Company in March 2008 and in conjunction, the ISO gave a series of concerts for playschools and a family concert 26th to 29th of March 2008.
Humans have been breeding and crossbreeding dogs for centuries, which is why we have tiny breeds, huge breeds and every size and shape in between, all so different that the proverbial visitor from Mars might conclude that these dogs are different species. Not so for cats, which have never lent themselves to the same kind of genetic manipulation.
I read because the words that build the story become mine, to build my life;
“Initially, I was very hostile to the iPhone, so I really have come full circle. My Nokia 6620 that I just loved started not working and my husband, a big Mac user, continually wanted to get me to use an iPhone. Well, eventually, when I had to move to a different cell phone, he did convince me to use the iPhone.
In addition, on that trip I saw the Timbavati males, as well as a nervous, mature male lion from Klaserie. Leopards were out and about, and we had a nice sighting of a long forgotten friend; the Machaton Male leopard, who used to be around when Mangadjane was still the dominant male! I have often wondered where he got to, but it seems he is still around, and is likely to be the male that is often seen at Lily Pan, the place I found him sleeping one night! A couple days later, grant had him at Java Dam several kilometres to the east; so he clearly gets around. He was reasonably relaxed at night, and didn’t run off when we approached, although we approached very cautiously. He has potential to be a good dominant male in the future.
I’ve been in the middle of plenty of conversations where the phrase, “The Holy Spirit doesn’t always have to wait until the last second, He can tell us what to do ahead of time too” is used at least once.
To help out, I created a new napping spot for her. Within moments she made it hers, and....rarely leaves it when the studio is open. :) I am very proud of her for being such a good listener.
4. There is no intimidating presence, making it impossible to shout someone down or otherwise bully them into silence. Even if multiple people gang up on a single person, that single person can respond to the multiple people in one post rather than having to shift between multiple related conversations with different people possibly asking wildly different questions.
oatmeal scotchies.
Some of my pets are outside; some are inside. One wants in as I type. These pets also need food and fresh water. I have to do that today, too.
Magick and Kabbalah teach you the practical skills to be able to understand the structure and mechanics of Nature, and how to harmonize yourself and live within them in strength and harmony.
...which is much easier to remember, and visualize, but not the text book standard. At any rate, while the cookies baked, the older children went off to watch a Standard Deviant video review of the whole thing (here), while the younger children watched a reading of The Greedy Triangle (here), in time for us to all come back together for cookies and milk and The Nonagon.
Ham Fried Rice
The boys seemed too occupied to notice him, and the old man breathed a sigh of relief. The small sound caught the attention of one of the boys. Taller than the rest, he had the awkwardness of his age. He was quieter than the others, too. The old man sucked in his breath and waited.
When we get to the parable at the end the question is often asked, “Which brother are you?” While I think that can lead to some convicting conversations, I want to ask a different question that I feel like Jesus is getting at. You are the older brother, what group(s) of people have become the “younger brother” for you? Homosexuals? Pedophiles? Muslims? Ex-Convicts? ________Race?
Here’s the recipe:
