2 tbsp Bailey's Caramel Liquor
As to Bill Wilson, Bill himself, A.A., and a host of biographers have provided us with details about Wilson’s birth behind a bar, his renunciation of church, his atheism, his grandfather, his mother, his father, his sister, his boomerang, his violin, his first love, his second love and wife-to-be Lois, his Burr and Burton Academy days, a hobo motorcycle ride, stock market meanderings, Lois’s Swedenborgian religion, the involvement of Lois’s family in Swedenborgianism, and the pair’s marriage in the Swedenborgian church, as well as some information about Bill’s Army days and law school attendance.
I’m not a scholar and so i may be off by a bit on my dates… but at any rate this is what i was working on today.
So take a walk, look around. You never know where an idea or some inspiration may be lurking. You may surprise yourself.
Here's how the schedule will go
you guys are really schmucks!”
BLOG CANDY is a $20 gift card to Michael's. To win, all you have to do is comment on each of the designer's blogs. Following everyone's blog isn't required but we sure do appreciate it when someone new follows our blogs. The winner will be announced on http://mincedpaper.blogspot.com on April 27th.
Ponder: He'll pull your dick out of your pants.
The current guideline for allergy prevention (as of March 2009) recommends vaccinations according to STIKO recommendations for children and adolescents with and without allergy risk.
Killed is more personal, and doesn't invoke people as a group, but people targeted individually.
My internet friend Benedicte of Carnet de Dessins has shared an art exercise with me and some other friends that begins with drawing any kinds of lines that you want inside a little box. It recreates art in perhaps its most basic form, and in contemplating the exercises I was reminded how much I want to and, indeed, need to make some little landscape sketches of a very free sort.
Limpopo police spokesman Brigadier Hangwani Mulaudzi would not comment on the availability of the video footage but said the matter was being investigated.
It has been speculated many times before on prehistoric sites such as this that the Caledonian (Iron Age) fortress on Tap o’ Noth is itself named for an important prehistoric chieftain called Nocht. Etymology of the name is not a misspelling derived from the wind direction! Tap o’Noth overlooks a remarkably dense cluster of ancient sacred sites (Nether Wheedlemont, Upper Ord, Mill of Noth, Clatt, Percylieu to name a few) rivalling the Wiltshire heartland and Salisbury Plain. It has maintained anonymity because of its remote location in western Aberdeenshire, where high mountain routes to the grouse moors and Grampian hills are regularly cut off in winter.
1 tbsp Blue Berries (or any berries)
Getting ready for order Fulfillment;-
- I made this dough once in a stand mixer and once with handheld electric beaters. The poor beaters had to labor a lot, and I wound up recruiting a sturdy spatula to help out, but it’s good to know that you can make do with whatever tools you have on hand.
My brother shouldn’t face a monthly food allowance of $160 per month…because conservatives under the dome think hunger is a motivator and fail to grasp the reality that special needs children will become special needs adults who still have…wait for it… “needs” like food.
Spirituality, by definition, is an occasional impulse, while ritual, liturgy and taught moral behaviors serve to keep me in relationship with God. Spirituality is intensely personal, while only structured community can give me the language, the rites and the ethos that enable me to be in readiness for the sacred.
Far away from my goal of 33 mins for 3miles (just under 5km) I ran/walked it in 38mins 12seconds. Here is my Nike+ graph thingy..
Monday, a mere 12 hours after I arrived in BsAs, I spent no less than 7 hours in Canning, mixed between classes with Javier and Andrea and milonga Parakultural. On tuesday another 7 hours of Canning. This is actually more time than I spent sleeping since I arrived, mind you.
And no, no chefs there to sweeten the pot. I DID however get towel-flicked on the ass by one of our chefs at work today, so a little bit of balance has been restored. Excellent.
This card was my recent birthday card from my friend Narda. Isn't it beautiful?
justin and i have so much to be thankful for this holiday season, i am so overwhelmed by how God has provided and kept us safe this past year in particular.
At the dance, Matt looked super hot in his 20s attire, and, in other news, was treated to a short lecture by Caroline, warning him against getting too attached to Elena. Caroline called it like she saw it: those that fell for Elena tended to get hurt, but is this a fair statement? It seems to be true that the people who love her are at risk, but it is not because they love her. Elena’s loved ones are at risk because she loves them back. It’s those who want to hurt Elena that hurt her friends and family. Regardless, it was an interesting scene, reminding us that Elena always has other options; she can always ditch the Salvatore brothers and try to live a “normal” life.
If your idea of the Gorbals is something like this:
And, no, I am not a prima donna.
Master of Science in Experimental Statistics from NMSU, USA.
Funny how things come along.... on Tuesday I went to a friend's house for a Chinese cooking lesson and there in her lounge room was a bowl full of bulbs with long, green shoots and looking so beautiful I thought it was a lovely piece of living art. She is Chinese and explained that in China this is what you do with sprouting garlic; you let it sprout and all winter you cut the shoots for your cooking. Soooo simple, soooo sensible; soooo beautiful.
for what else may? The wind?
Check out this photo below of our 1886 Mercedes-Benz tri-wheel replica, displayed behind Cassique Clubhouse. We also hope to age as well as our 1947 Jaguar (left) displayed on Friday night!
Or it might be that literature doesn't need dodgy Doppelgängers because it's self-sufficient. In an excellent essay in The Guardian a couple of years ago the playwright David Edgar referred to Christopher Booker's The Seven Basic Plots: Overcoming the Monster, Rags to Riches, The Quest, Voyage and Return, Comedy, Tragedy and Rebirth. Combine them at your leisure and you needn't look at For Whom the Bell Tolls or The Color Purple as works to reproduce word by word. There's plenty of fish for everyone in the sea of fiction if you can use your imagination effectively enough.
The violence is straightforward and unflinching, a reminder of the “Classic Old School Gangster films of 80’s”. The action is visual and compelling. It imparts a guilty pleasure that makes one enjoy the violence, without being bothered, who’s at the receiving end. Safe has the “right combination” of a great action movie.
Nicolás Kanellos
EDIT: I see now that, in addition to the PTF post mentioned by Deek, that this video was mentioned in the December 2011 issue of ETC (which I just got to read last evening). So, well done, Typosphere. Sorry I missed it.
Likewise, ye husbands, dwell with them according to knowledge, giving honour unto the wife, as unto the weaker vessel, and as being heirs together of the grace of life; that your prayers be not hindered.
Diversity is a codeword for White geNOcide. Anti-racist is a code word for anti-White.
YOURS: This portion is in progress. Thanks for your patience! :)
And finally another one with lots of superhero names, but this time in bright comic colours.
Over on Locus Online, they've announced this year's inductees into the Science Fiction Hall of Fame. The 2012 honorees are Joe Haldeman, James Tiptree, Jr., James Cameron, and Virgil Finlay.
Mama: "No, TOMATOES have seeds, potatoes do not"
I am lost in a sea of pseudo-olde-english with learning to play lawn bowls, being distracted by the shiny, just generally being asleep, dreaming and chancing to anyone unfortunate to cross my path, my day is a nightmare I would like to wake up from mid-morning to sun down and beyond. I am plotting and planning. perchance.
Peter Greene – guitar
Here is me at 37 weeks. This was a couple days before I had Ethan. Yes I was about to pop and my stomach was heavy. I felt like I was carrying around a cement bag. Not fun. But I should be grateful for one thing, I didn't get one stretch mark.
This was a HARD week. Honestly, embarking on this venture I didn't expect it to be so incredibly unpleasant at times. But, I met my goals and I'm glad that I set up this accountability for myself because I know I would have stopped if I hadn't. Yes, I hate being hungry that much ;)
It bases itself upon how it would like the world to be, rather than how it is. The Moralism of the AWL and SWP is a reflection of the abandonment of Marxism. Marxism provides a scientific – historical materialist – basis for understanding social laws. It provides the basis for understanding, for example, that a society has a Bonapartist regime for reasons directly related to the material conditions in which that society exists. For example, it may have Capitalist productive forces at a low level of development, with a consequently small, weak and poorly developed bourgeoisie. That facilitates the State in such a society being able to raise itself up above society. We have seen such regimes in many places – Cromwell in Britain, Napoleon In France, Bolivarian regimes in 19th Century Latin America, and in 20th century Latin America, as well as in Asia, and the Middle East. Or there have been those societies where Capitalism has been relatively developed, but alongside it has been a relatively developed working-class, whose strength weighs in the balance against that of the bourgeoisie, making it relatively weak. Such was the case with Louis Napoleon, or with Bismark. In addition there are those societies where other social cleavages, usually along ethnic or religious lines lead to a stalemate within society that allows the State to rise above it.
What he was offering was a way of freedom based on awareness of and investigation into the psychological patterns that keep us back from being all we might be as spiritual beings, and prevent us from experiencing and giving out loving-kindness/compassion, and that can be experienced by anyone sufficiently motivated to try it out for themselves. If pursued with right concentration, effort and commitment, he suggested, it would bring about peace, serenity and a sense of unity – surely the aim of all spiritual paths – which would ripple beyond the individual self.
PUTAR: According to a story carried in The Hindustan Times today Kevin Rudd, the Australian Prime Minister has announced that he will be attending the Beijing Olympics.
That said, Hocus Pocus is probably a more wearable shadow because it doesn’t have as much shimmer and sparkle to it. It’s dark and smokey, and when used wet it makes a great liner. And no offense to Ms. F., but I like the bewitching name better. Thank you to Lianne Farbes of The Makeup Girl for providing us with the most versatile shadow in the MAC Bloggers' Obsession collection.
Tilda with a dog...
Jillian's letter made a lump in my throat just like when I wrote about Mama's dying. That scene is a favorite with readers. Why? Because it makes them feel an intense emotion. Isn't that one reason we read?
6. Good Design is Honest
Next week, however, we're going to make our first attempt at homemade ham, and will possibly have that ham for our Easter dinner. I'll let you know.
The paradox is that to get my heart's desire, the steady and warm love of these devotees, I have to give up my artificial demand for their love and surrender to the process of honestly earning it, by giving up my envy and illusions with gradual and firm determination.
It records: “He believed the time had probably come to arrest Gerry Adams. He imagined it would be possible to prosecute him successfully for some offence and thought that more was now likely to be lost by allowing him to continue his activities than by forcing his colleagues to choose a successor, who would probably be less able.”
On Friday the National Portrait Gallery sent a letter of claim to a certain Derrick Coetzee, an American software developer at Microsoft. The NPG complains that Coetzee has uploaded more than 3,300 of their photos to Wikipedia. Coetzee does not deny that since joining Wikipedia in 2003 he has found it ‘strangely addicting’.
Beware the Siren Calls
While there are differences between the United States and Canada, it can generally be said that North Americans are accustomed to a quicker pace of life where gratification comes more readily. As a rule, the differences can be broken down into Americans being more likely to overreact and become quickly stimulated, whereas Canadians are more likely to under-react. Americans, at this moment, are more stimulated by social issues (politics, wide conceptual issues along the lines of “values”), while Canadians are more stimulated by localized matters (civic or community implications, viruses, contamination, local pollution, etc.).
Even though the whole time I could hear in my head my mother saying, “I could paint that!” and my response back to her, “Yeah, but you didn’t. He did. And now HE’s famous!”
For those of you who are looking for a shortcut to a homemade dessert, this is your recipe. We’re talking majorly easy – like Pillsbury cookie dough. Also, I have to confess that I topped all of this off by putting chocolate syrup on it. Ahem.
You do your best to avoid them, but off days happen despite your best efforts. It would be easy to blame going out too fast on the inaccurate mile markers, but that's a poor excuse. Pacing involves basically zoning out all the runners around you and concentrating on form and breathing, and I wasn't doing any of that. And besides, everything else about the race organization was near perfect, and they organized the race a lot better than I ran it. No, I just wasn't sharp, didn't concentrate well, made a stupid mistake with the simple act of tying my shoes, and didn't do the little things that really add up over the course of the race. Yes, I am proud of what I accomplished that day and finished in a time most people would think was pretty good, but complacency is the enemy of any runner.
The water contains over 43 minerals. And who knows what else.
4′s-
Wrong. First BadDad, and then D-boy decided to come and talk to me at the uncivilized hour of...well 7:30 to be honest. It felt like 6:30 though, we did lose an hour.
13. Little Demon - Screamin' Jay Hawkins (cassette only)
I'm the girl next door who acts like her brothers.
I feared it will be very complicated .
My girls love their new rice garden. I put this together for my 20 month old, but my 4 year old loves it just as much! They played with it for over an hour! This was a simple project, just a little time consuming to color all the rice. If I’d had more than two baking sheets, it would have gone faster. Also, I had no idea how much rice I needed, so I ended up going back to the store for more. I ended up with 20 pounds of rice (8 cups each color for 6 colors).
This is the first of many I'm sure.
“Meditation is the process of withdrawing the attention from the world outside, and focusing it at the seat of the soul in the body, behind and between the eyebrows. This point is known as the inner eye, third eye, the single eye, shiv netra, tisra til, or the divya chakshu. In order to withdraw our attention and focus it on this point, mind must be controlled and stilled.
He could have chosen another path, like pleading his case to someone. If he had kept knocking on the doors of the officials, they may have listened to him. He chose, however, to commit suicide, rather than turning to another option. Therefore, he was not devoid of free will.
“Suteki Da Ne” means “Isn’t It Wonderful?”
Favorite Game: Batman-Arkham City
NYU contends that the W-2 form and the emails between Fleurimond and several NYU employees conclusively establish that Fleurimond developed Orion while she was an NYU employee, acting within the scope of her employment. However, in the Court's view, these documents may not be considered on a Rule 12(c) motion for judgment on the pleadings. These documents were neither referenced in Fleurimond's complaint, nor relied upon in drafting the complaint. It is equally clear that they are not documents of which the Court may take judicial notice.
Christopher Ciafardini, 30, New York, N.Y.
The LCWR leadership has announced that they will be consulting their members, the heads of women’s religious communities around the country, as to how to respond to the CDF announcement. One thing that ordinary Catholics can do is to exercise a ministry of en-courage-ment by writing to the leaders of nuns’ communities that we know and love, and letting them know that they have the support of Catholics in their time of need. We need to let our Sisters know that they are not alone, and that the Catholic people stand courageously in solidarity with them. If we want LCWR to respond with courage to this situation, we must en-courage the Sisters that we know and love.
Every moment in my life has led to this point, now, sitting here in the soft glow of the candles that I’d purchased on a random “need to get away” Modesto trip with my “college best friend”. If someone had told me then, such a short time ago, that I would use them now, like this, I would never have believed it. But if there’s anything I’ve learned, it’s that your experiences, good or bad, small or momentous, change you. Life doesn’t just happen to you, life exists in all the ways you respond to what’s thrown at you.
Here is yet another opportunity for you to ascribe to the effort to attract talent for the Business Analyst position in AVS team, R&D Hyderabad. The job description is as below.
I thought about this while I talked on the phone with Robert's case manager about the most recent complications in Robert's care, such as moving to overnight enteral feedings (and all the good and bad implications of that), as I discussed with the same case manager strategies for obtaining the eye gaze communication system Robert needs, as I discussed with my husband a serious problem we are having with members of our large extended family whom we feel are ladling judgements on us because of their baseline discomfort with Robert's disabilities and their disagreement with us about what constitutes proper quality of life for Robert, as I drove Robert to a physical therapy session where we adjusted his walker and made sure a brace that had been recast fit properly. In short, a typical day for a typical caregiver of someone with profound disabilities.
There were new and familiar images – the unbelievably sexual flower-devouring-flower sequence, warplanes dropping bombs made up of religious and corporate symbols: the crucifix, star of David, crescent of Islam, Mercedes-Benz and Shell (maybe a little behind the times??). And with the use of lighting technology, there were impressive sequences in which the wall appeared to shatter, crumble or get blasted away. The music was enduring and unchanged, so familiar, and it was thrilling to hear it again, live, with such amazing visuals.
Now, every time I sit down to write or think about our amazing vacation, I get a little bit sad that I can't experience some of these great beers all year round. But, I think it makes me appreciate them that much more. We will be back to the great state of Oregon someday, but until then, I can hope that some of these beers will find there way into Ohio.
Customer reviews and ratings of Framed Prints of St. Veronica with the Sudarium from scenes from the Life of Jesus, St from Robert Harding are available on the merchant’s website, see it by visit the link below.
"He's our landlord, he's supposed to do things like that." Ellen directed a hard stare at her friend. "Don't try and make me believe you've been harbouring a secret passion for Howard all these years, 'cause I don't buy it. You're just trying to distract me."
Barry Goudreau-Guitar
Dylan's imagination has really kicked in over the last month. It's been so fun to see. One of the ways we've been encouraging it is playing dress up. I've put together a small collections of hats and costumes into a mesh basket from Ikea. One of the hats is a cowboy hat. To help him dress as one of his favorite characters, Woody from Toy Story, I made him a vest to go with it using some fabric leftover from the chaps I made for my Jessie costume last Halloween.
I didn’t write a Christmas letter this year, but if I would have our year would best be summarized with the word ‘exhausting.’
- sewing machine
Now I am facing the same thing with Ashley. If she were just blind, she would be welcomed at project LIFE. But because she has significan medical issues which must be attended to, she cannot.
Sleep habits: I’ve actually been sleeping a bit better. If I wake up in the middle of the night, I haven’t been having as many problems falling back asleep – even with Joe snoring in the background. My mind is also a lot more relaxed, less anxiety, so I don’t “think” too much when I wake up. This allows me to just fall back asleep without many issues. My dreams have been super intense and super vivid.
Some Western law enforcement and intelligence agencies have long pointed to what they say are the symbiotic relationships that sometimes exist between terrorist groups and narcotics traffickers, from Al Qaeda in Afghanistan and Hezbollah in the Middle East to the Revolutionary Armed Forces of Colombia, or FARC…
“Guaranteed” 2/3 of Parliament needed to switch agricultural land for development – Gone!
Brinsley Schwarz didn't plan to start a grassroots movement -- the bandmembers wanted to be stars. Lowe and Schwarz had already spent several years in Kippington Lodge, a Tunbridge Wells-based guitar pop group that released five singles on Parlophone during the mid-'60s to no success. By 1968, the members of Kippington Lodge were beginning to feel restless with their straight-ahead pop/rock and were eager to explore psychedelia. Keyboardist Bob Andrews joined the band later that year and drummer Billy Rankin came aboard in the fall of 1969. By that time, Kippington Lodge had completely revamped its musical style, evolving into a folk-rock band with psychedelic pretensions and appropriately changing its name to Brinsley Schwarz after the group's lead guitarist. Ironically, it was around this time that Lowe became the band's lead singer and primary songwriter.
Also some of my medications can make my voice tighten.
It takes a lot of work from the face to let out a smile, but just think what good smiling can bring to the most important muscle of the body… the heart. ~Author Unknown
Poetic, to the say the least.
I bet others didn’t have this problem, this supernatural calling of the horrid, horrid angels of Destiny, Death and Fate.
I also bought another shirt, not pictured here, and some other things from Bath & Body Works, Love Culture, Forever 21, and TJ Maxx. It was definitely a fun shopping trip. And overall, I am very satisfied with what I purchased. Old Navy definitely had the best deals and the best fits. I actually found more things there, but decided not to get them all. It was definitely some fun times at the register!
This exhibition at the National Maritime Museum – guest-curated by David Starkey – celebrates five hundred years of the London Thames and its relationship with our monarchs. The narrative sweep is partitioned neatly and chronologically. We see how Tudor and Stuart rulers mounted simply enormous royal processions, mainly for propagandistic purposes. Henry VIII did one for Anne Boleyn. Charles II introduced Catherine of Braganza to the London public with a huge river display for which Pepys himself could not get a berth on any boat for under eight shillings, leaving us to rely on John Evelyn’s account. The Queen’s procession on 3rd June will be the first in 350 years to rival these.
Now, I must say I thought that I was pretty good at not jumping around from product to product without finishing things... turns out I'm just really good at hiding the evidence. I was rooting around in my cabinets under the bathroom sink and found way too many half used abandonees. I straight up ditched/ gave away the items I hated (no need to suffer) and got to finishing the others. There is something so uplifting about an empty product. I don't know if it's the satisfaction of knowing you finished it, or the prospect of getting to start into something new.
Dec 22 : Who do you miss the most from your past?
Live for dreams,
“Androzani” was first released on R1 DVD back in 2002, and it was a fine DVD with remastered picture and sound, featuring a commentary track with Davison, Bryant and Harper, as well as some enlightening behind the scenes footage of the regeneration shoot, an extended scene, a piece on Sharez Jek, some trailers and news items discussing Davison’s departure, as well as a photo gallery, the production notes subtitle option, and an isolated music score. All of this material has been ported over to the new edition. On the original disc, some matte paintings in Episode One were fixed, and viewers were allowed to watch the original version via seamless branching. The Special Edition does not allow for this, and instead offers up the original sequence as an Easter Egg. (The only item not ported over is the “Who’s Who?” text feature, which is a fairly insignificant omission.)
No more drops will hit the ground
Liar Liar
they’re going to hurt you,
shoots from the rocks and engulfs him in an eerie glow. He
Storytelling is a wonderful tradition, at times it seems to be a dying art form, so I was thrilled to discover that first there is a "World Storytelling Day" and second it is celebrated at the Spring Equinox.
Moon looked in the direction that Kelly the collie was speaking her slurpy words in.
Days spent swimming, snoozing and lazing in the sun. I was as relaxed as a bowl of jelly, until Busy-And-Important-Husband suggested the helicopter.
If Algeria wants to hang him then so be it.
I have circus issues! true statement :) my house is often like a circus so you'd think id be comfy there. I remember going to the circus as a child. I have a picture of my Dad in Raybans and his Member's only jacket and me and my mom eating popcorn or some other snack. I remember being so jealous of trapeze girls and wanting to ride the elephants. It was glam, it was exciting, and super fun :)
The categories for faith-based organizations which they developed were:
Timestamp: 2009-01-14 02:17:12 UTC
Phil Buckle's songwriting career began in the early 90's when he penned hits for his own band, the highly successful Southern Sons and Australian recording legend John Farnham.
With the flipback set to debut in England next month, I’m so pleased to introduce Arthur van Keulen, international marketing manager of Jongbloed BV, the Dutch publishing company that created this innovative book format. The goal of the product, as Arthur states in the interview, is to make reading more convenient for today’s consumer.
1 score
So what is one to do?
You could totally be the next Bob Dylanesque folk hero in the Post-Apocalyptic uprising (assuming that you are uprising against some type of force, like Pod People, or Snooki). Hmm… maybe learn the Ukelele or Harmonica though as they're more portable. Or invent your own instrument with the skills you’ve learned watching MacGyver.
Hair do ideas
Dress and socks--563-T, 337-T, 331-T, soft green
There have been sporadic attacks against Christians.
After a grueling 4 hours of trying to replicate the video game to reality, we felt the stamina (or the lack thereof) kick in and our feet complaining of pain. But all was certainly worth every sweat of it. Being able to play the game we “virtually” love is definitely a dream come true, and we’ll keep trying it until we’re good at it.
My name is Nathaniel David Netzley. I go by Nate. I am a red head. I am a theatre brat, I was raised in community theatre and still take an active part in it. It is my dream to make a living as a successful actor. I am constantly thinking, my mind races at the very mention of words and will link it to several other ideas and often I will say things relating to those thoughts or even have physical reactions to those thoughts. I have an incredibly good memory and I know a lot of really trivial stuff. If that makes me a hipster, sue me. I am very flamboyant, very eccentric, and I will not suppress that.
Rebecca
So after we had a few days of work and rest, Team Hines once again made the short trek down I-85 to spend an afternoon with us wandering the white halls of The High Museum. The High, much like the gardens, is located a short hop skip and jump from the Mayfair, so after parking the car, we headed over to see the current series of exhibitions, of special note the Picasso to Warhol, a basic smorgasbord of Modern Masters, and the exhibition of Outsider Great Bill Traylor’s work.
1947/8 Foxhead 400 Houseparty (live magazine show for ABC, Chicago)
they shake their heads, they say I’ve changed
TWO: Nominate worthy bloggers for this award, no limit how many you forward it to.
Till the next post, amigos. Adios.
Free State Brewing Co. Poor Richard's Ale
It took a little while for our food to arrive but, again, given the business level, I wasn’t expecting it instantly.
Pleather Vest- Express Thrifted Savers
I will not be afraid, Lord,
Of course, there are parts of what the AWL say, which is correct. They are correct to point to the inadequacies of the John Lewis model, and of the Co-op. Neither of these organisations are the kind of Worker Owned Co-operative advocated by Marx and Engels. But, it is typical Stalinist, Third Period Ultraleftism to reject out of hand the experiments of the workers in this manner, simply because they do not yet conform exactly to the perfection that the sectarians demand! That is not at all the method of Marx and Engels, who argued that workers would have to make such mistakes in order to learn and progress from them. It is for that reason that in the Programme he wrote for the First International, Marx argued against being prescriptive about the forms of Co-operative the workers should establish. He wrote,
All you need to do to enter is be or become a follower to my blog and leave a comment under this post before the 24th of April. Anybody can enter, also my design team buddies at Whimsy Stamps or any other design team I am in. On April 24th I will pick one lucky winner from the comments that are left on this post.
That we will enter in this rest with wonders anew
While Malema is firing on all cylinders to overturn the sentence, there are serious concerns that one of the grounds of his disciplinary appeal could land the league in more trouble.
7.My favourite flowers are sweet peas ...so easy to grow ...great cut flowers and the scent ...amazing . Here are some of last years , can't wait for this years crop.........
So, why is this advice so important? Well we all know that those people who have a low intake get constipated, but longer term, low intake of fibre can be more problematic. But rather than focus on negatives, lets discuss the positive aspects. Six good reasons to increase your fibre intake:
Some background info on the Botanical Garden in Oslo from Wikipedia:
What Are Wrenches?
For the next several hours (really, the next several days), we sat, in utter disbelief and sorrow, in front of our TV. It was horrifying to watch the continual replaying of the towers falling, but we just couldn't move. We were confused and scared and sad beyond belief. And underneath it all, was anxiety and fear because my husband was due to fly out of town on business the very next day. (The trip ended up being postponed.)
At lunch the following day, our clients take us out to “a really good place” for lunch. It’s a bar. Complete with cigarette stench. I have a chicken sandwich. Meh.
And of all but you, alas!
‘Bohemian’ is word that sits uneasily on Michael’s shoulders, although he is undoubtedly a ‘creative’ himself. Prior to being a bookseller he was a published songwriter. Music runs in the family and his sister Clodagh has played with the likes of Thin Lizzie and Mike ‘Tubular Bells’ Oldfield. There is always music playing in the background at the Exchange. A box of tin whistles is perched on the higher reaches of shelves at the back of the shop. Ballad books sit alongside whimsical histories of Dublin and Lady Gregory’s Irish folk tales.
The manual lists the following roles that are designated to the “PSYOP team”.
Like voice, grounding isn't something I can explain fully or type out a complex how-to. It's harder than that - I know it when I come across it, but even then it's hard to know why. But I can say this: when I read it, I know it. And it's worth working for. Keep at it. You'll know it when you find it.
Some words for my babies...
Nokia and HTC are expected to come under increasing pressure in China as Chinese companies such as ZTE, which sold 19.1m phones in the first quarter (up from 15m a year ago) and Huawei begin ramping up production of low-cost Android devices and expanding their sales base.
Religion – I have so many issues with organized religion that I’m unsure of exactly what I believe anymore. The entire situation surrounding the conversation on reproductive rights has done nothing to resolve anything. It has only served to portray the Catholic Church in a harsh light. How am I supposed to support any organized religion when they appear so unsympathetic to anyone who doesn’t fit the mold? The article below is a perfect example.
Bee Sweet Creations is offering one handpainted hairbow holder, painted a bright blue with "Beautiful Girl", flowers, and paisly designs decoupaged in bright greens, pink, and a pale blue. A cute bow is also attached to the top in bright green and white. Three ribbons attached to hang hairbows. Great way to organized all those adorable hairbows for your little princess!
Among the new features incorporated in Linux kernel 3.2 we can mention better support for large files by supporting block sizes bigger than 4KB and up to 1MB in EXT4, upper limits of CPU time can now be set in the process scheduler, lots of Btrfs improvements, and much more.
Have a good day every one. See you later. xx
19th Century
In my opinion, the beast hadn’t killed that family, but that wasn’t impossible. I thought in my family and I was frightened. I bought a firearm at a gunsmith’s to protect my family. I got in my car and I went to the village where the beast had killed that family.
75. In the late summer of that year we lived in a house in a village that looked across the river and the plain to the mountains. —Ernest Hemingway, A Farewell to Arms (1929)
That is the message I want to spread: “SHOUT!” That is my health tagline in my Spanish blog.
Zing!
Well, that's about it!! If there are anymore informational items I need to post, or questions that need answering, I'll do that when they come up!
Well, that's it for this post ^^ Because Himegyaru is so big (literally), I've decided to dedicate an entire post for tutorials in the future, this includes a very personal tutorial from yours truly ♥ Sadly, that post won't be until early Summer.
2 Tbsp cooking sake
“To my loving family,” her sister Suzy read aloud, “assuming one of
Skirt:: gift (loool, all of my things are gifts!)
- Robin Willard, Young Adult Specialist, Chicago Public Library
Acts 8:22 Repent therefore of this thy wickedness, and pray God, if perhaps the thought of thine heart may be forgiven thee.
Here is this week's speculative fiction prompt. I'm not labeling it this week, so take it whatever direction you choose. Have fun with it!
Our verse tells us that Saul was chosen. “The God of our fathers hath chosen thee.” Compare this with the account in Acts 9:15. “He is a chosen vessel unto me, to bear my name.” Whose name? Verse 17 gives the exciting answer as Ananias continues his message to Saul.
It's also comforting to know that when you need someone in times of stress or crisis that someone will be there.
I suspect that too often we are waiting for the next big thing when we would really benefit from looking for the next little thing. It is the little things that can make the biggest difference in our lives.
But aside from when Hauer and York discuss the painting – the rest of the time we get a series of tableaux – this is when the figures we see in still life in the painting take on motion and become alive. Their lives take place for the most part as a hellish existence. The Inquisition was brutal, swift, and there was no judicial system in play.
10/27 – Wilmington, NC – The Soapbox Laundrolounge
Now onto some blog awards… I would like to thank Kelly at Eat Yourself Skinny for this Versatile Blogger Award! This is my first blog award, so I’m especially excited about it!! Please, go check out her blog, if you haven’t already, and check out her yummy food!
We were in the final stages of a cat-and-mouse game with the enemy diesel submarine. The simulated war had escalated to the point where Santa Fe was authorized to sink it.
Actually on my stomach at the moment, since I'm in bad... in that weird spot between "too damn tired to stay awake" and "so tired I can't sleep".
It's really starting to piss me off that almost no reporter seems to be willing to point out that the proposed constitutional amendments to ban gay marriage are blatantly unconstitutional. In addition to the First Amendment, we have the Supreme Court's ruling on this already. Eric Shepherd did a great job pointing this out the other day when he wrote:
“I see,” I replied. “Does the film have scenes that would facilitate this worthy objective?”
after seeing my niece run merrily around the apartment in the nude, i realized i have way too much in common with this little munchkin–starting with the amount of hair we have on our vagina.
Whether or not someone stutters when they speak or you just can’t understand them at all, do you take the time to listen? Or do you just walk away………………
So good, in fact, that you should try them. I suppose you could argue there’s protein in there, eh? Vegetarian protein at that.
To state the matter another way, more than 15,000 orphans in Guatemala have not been available for adoption since 2007. Instead of being united with families in the U.S. who desire to nurture them, many orphans have been left in orphanages to formulate their own family structure, attaching to workers and children who, no doubt, come and go throughout their lives.
I didn't snort. Really. At least not until I'd gotten the crazy bitch to the contract department because she was insisting she shouldn't have to pay for a $600 piece of equipment she just didn't return.
we set it on fire,
Shocked derision is my constant reaction more generally. Newt wants a moonbase by 2020, and his supporters cheered: why bother? You’re on another planet already. I have heard various excuses for this. The President as an embodiment of the Nation has to pretend to be an ordinary man. The constitution, as a way of getting Government out of the faces of citizens, elects second raters.
(my fail: the rocks weren't supportive enough as a layer so the charcoal fell through... also I learned later that you can crush up the charcoal and put it in with the soil)
And less scary. As time has passed, I have been forced to acknowledge that despite the psychotic look of Parisian traffic, you don’t see cyclists being bumped off at every corner, nor is there a steady stream of ambulances rushing mangled Velib-ists to city hospitals. Of course, there are plenty of accidents, and you should worry, but you should also know that there are a lot of cyclists doing dumb things on their bikes, too.
oh - and taupe?
So we are going to pray now and then Ed is going to lead us in singing. If you want to start walking together, if you need freedom from the rituals and rules, if you long for that loving, passionate, grace filled, relationship with God – come down here, let’s pray together, and start that journey.
Anderson Valley Brother David's Double
Rule 2: When you have an absolute iron-clad guarantee, see Rule 1.
When I resell face to face I rarely let anyone come to my home. Usually the only exception I make is if it's a big item I can't easily fit in my van. I have a meeting spot right off the interstate that's about 5 minutes from my house, and allows buyers easy access on and off the interstate. I do usually have my kids with me, but I meet during the day, in a busy parking lot, and I turn off my vehicle, step outside of the van, and lock the door. I've never felt threatened or unsafe doing this.
He leans forward, his gaze locked on mine, and brushes his lips on mine. I sigh and he deepens the kiss.
(WUAB, of course, is today's Raycom Media-owned MyNetwork TV affiliate.)
My son is in a band and this is one of the titles of the bands songs...."All Ways the Same" slight slant! Actually the bands name is "Slightly Left" check them out on facebook, You Tube, CD released.
Until late at night he kept on wailing.
By 1937 they had become the largest printer of artistic posters for the French National Museums as well as many foreign institutions. Many major 20th. century artists visited the studio and worked there to create original graphic works of art.
D – Maybe this accident is a wakeup call to your spiritual life? Often you later realise that there are several reasons you should be thankful in a car accident
Grate or cut cold butter into small pieces and freeze for about 15 minutes. In bowl of a food processor, combine flour and salt. Pulse a couple of times to combine. Add the butter pieces and pulse about 10-12 times until the mixture becomes coarse crumbs. Sprinkle the ice water over the mixture and process about 20 seconds, the dough will clump up and begin to hold together. If the dough appears too dry, add more water, one teaspoon at a time and pulse briefly until the dough sticks together when you pinch it between your fingers. Lay out 2 large sheets of plastic wrap and dump 1/2 of dough out onto each sheet. Press into a disk, wrap tightly and refrigerate for at least an hour. (You can do this a day or two in advance if you prefer.)
Turn'd to tower'd Camelot.
61 one
Luke's helper- Play with Luke and help him with anything he needs as Mom asks.
Imagine my jubilation when my new friend Mr. Rocker38 made a witty, and logical, inquiry with regards to my recent astonishment that I had discovered U5 textured sex toys (click here to read Sexy Scavenger Hunt)!
Hey there Pixie friends!! We're getting a late start this Thursday morning, but we have a fantastic challenge to make up for it! This week we are challenging ourselves (and you!) to make a card or project using....
Antique and Appraisal Market
In 2006, I had just emerged from divorce and long-standing financial difficulties and had built up enough vacation time at my company to take the trip to Peru.
You wouldn't expect someone dressed in a suit to tell jokes about crushing beer cans on his forehead! (not without it sounding like he's mocking it at least)
I think I did? Did I?!
I'm 10. When my mother
I don’t want ‘em.
14. C'mon People - Kraak & Smaak / 5:00
It means that it’s like the undersides of boats at a marina—boats put up for winter, cracked keels, chipped paint, crud, flies and spiders in the sails. Chained and padlocked ladders, stolen oars.
Overall, there is a lot to like in there and I feel, given the many tough choices and pitfalls in their path, it displays that they have had clever and conscientious minds at work.
I enjoy writing fantasy, sci-fi, paranormal and mystery, but I'm not really sure if I've found my niche genre yet.
For my creative project "Marie Antoinette Slept Here", I am trying to incorporate post-modernist aspects into this work. The dress itself is a bricollage mash up of fabrics and a nostalgic referencing of the 18th century in a contemporary context. Making it more than just a dress will require more thought and more work on my part.
VERDICT: Do I feel a crispy crunch as I bite? Yes! Do I get that chewy center? Yes, indeed! Is it underbaked? No! What I taste is vanilla custard. The butter isn't overpowering, but it's there. This cookie is just like that one I used to buy at that cookie place. These are excellent! Now, I had visions of wrapping pretty colored ribbon around a stack of these, and photographing them. Only, I was losing my natural light. I decided to shoot photos the next day. Well, that wasn't going to happen... let's just say that out of the 24 cookies, there were four left! I'd say that the men in my life liked them.
Brewpub: 639 Conner St., Noblesville, Ph: 317-770-5280
I am currently a librarian; I lurked there for so long recommending books to patrons and shushing people, that I suspect they only hired me so it would be less creepy. Now I'm armed with a name tag, and a thin veneer of credibility. I'm also a musician with synesthesia – which isn't an issue until someone plays a wrong note, which me want to squirm inside out. It makes for a good live show.
As I stand in the gap for my family, I must guard my heart (Prov 4:23) The Apostle Paul challenges: “Watch, stand fast in the faith, be brave, be strong. Let all that you do be done with love (I Cor. 16:13-14). Just as the watchman of old, we must wisely treasure our charges and wear our spiritual armor with vigilance. If we persevere, God has promised: “Look at the nations and watch—and be utterly amazed. For I am going to do something in your days that you would not believe, even if you were told” (Hab. 1:5). May God help me purposefully stay “on watch” in prayer.
But Dawn can’t help feeling that her life would have worked out rather differently had Gina and Pete been able to adopt her in the first place. ‘It is absurd that social services thought they were acting in my best interests,’ says Dawn. ‘I think I would have a good case against them in court, given the stress I have suffered.
I had several reading goals last month. I read Mistborn: The Final Empire by Brandon Sanderson for a group read hosted by Carl. We have two more discussions left for this book. In addition I read Coventry by Helen Humphreys for a readalong hosted by Caroline. I am almost done with Eldest by Christopher Paolini. The one book that I totally failed with last month was the one by J. M. Coetzee. I started Dusklands but had a hard time getting into it. I will add it to my reading goals for May since this book is on my 1001 list and I can’t skip it. All in all I am quite happy with my reading in April. When I set my goals I thought it would be a relaxing month, but my calendar filled up quickly. This may sound like an excuse and it is. But I read for pleasure so I don’t get down on myself if I don’t reach all of my goals. Life is stressful so I see no reason to add more stress. Also I like to set goals since I know I will work towards them. I may not succeed 100% but I do make progress. And progress is better than not accomplishing anything at all.
I was about to write that I thought it is possibly the most beautiful thing ever, but Scooter just meowed a protest. What a psychic (as well as psycho) cat he is.
Pour batter over apples in dish. Bake pancake until puffed and brown, about 20 minutes. Sprinkle with powdered sugar, if desired. Serve warm. I used some maple syrup on top. So good.
Narco-politics also alarmed the Philippine National Police (PNP).
(Anwaar nudges Fareda. Fareda rolls her eyes, but, luckily, General Najiya does not notice.)
I got the impression that these essays may have been separately published and only now bound into one volume because there are quite a few repetitive sections that a good editor should have rooted out. But that's a small complaint and certainly not enough to dissuade you from getting your own copy. Put this on your own wish list or gift it to your favorite Francophile. Better yet, give it to someone who doesn't already have an undying affection for the City of Light. They may just find that there's a lot more to Paris than loves lost, love found, pastries, lingerie, wine, and strolling along the Seine. And amen to that.
Level 8: MP Cost: 23, jumps for a certain distance.
A huge range of colors and designs can be found among these kitchen types. It is quite easy to install these kitchen accessories as most of the fittings are ready made. There are more than a hundred ways of laying these accessories which broaden its scope of designs. The most commonly used kitchen shapes include the U-shape and the L-shape.
Whether it’s jobs, economic growth, energy prices, incomes, regulation, weak foreign policy, or the quality of our lives and the nation’s social fabric, America’s current course looks questionable at best.
4. "10% of the dining experience comes from the food." There are so many factors that influence one's mood, perception, and memory of a dining experience that ultimately feeds into review. Stay with me for a moment as I dive into some academia. People in happy moods tend to ignore negative information, and people in grumpy moods tend to think more logically about situations. There's an vast amount of research in the field of social psychology that investigates that impact of mood on perception and memory. For example: Let's say that I receive terrible service along with some fairly satisfying and tasty food. I would hazard to guess that the service might put a damper on my experience and therefore I might rate the restaurant worse the food actually was. On the other hand, there are some restaurants I frequent because no matter how terrible my day was, they always put me in a good mood. Thank you @FSAustin and @MilanoAustin.
So I pulled in to the parking lot and the first thing out of Kerri's mouth was: "I know where we are! I used to come here to do Kung Fu!". And that gave it away, before Nana had a chance to take off her blindfold. My hair salon is in the same plaza, you see. And as a surprise, I had made an appointment with my hair dresser to cut and style Nana's long hair.
Setlist :
born: 4/4/1957
Phase 1: Productive Struggle
The plan is to have some serious rides this week then put Klein on chill mode for the next week since it'll be the week before the horse trials.
How are you managing your posts and making sure the music business management of your gig promotion is presented in the best business fashion?
I will be sharing some of our Hawaiian Cruise experiences this coming week. I thought I'd start today with a fun photo of Dawson and I on our way to snorkel at Molokini Crater in Maui. Maui was our first stop on the cruise. What a beautiful place! We saw so many amazing fish and ocean creatures, saw 5 whales (one even did a flip in the air for us) and even got to snorkel and swim with beautiful sea turtles. It was awesome!
Now then for you other writers out there isn't it wonderful to wake up in the morning with an idea for a story? That happened to me this morning and i can trace back the seed to it. You see right now i have a list of different anthologies i want to submit to because the seem up my alley for style and content. Right now on that list there are 14, 1 i already got accepted to and 2 others i just wrote for yesterday on the list at the top are the open until filled ones the going down by date. One of the ones on the list in fact the one with the earliest date is "Beware All Animals Great And Small" and i hadn't come up with anything i was trying to think of something randon some cute animal that i could use for this. And the other day me and my friend were walking through the woods talking about bunnies and how it would be funny if someone trained rabbits to kill like in monty python. This morning i woke up with an idea to write bout rabbits for the Beware antho that was off of this idea and that im rather excited to write.
Rumours of the Marvellous; Peter Atkins (Alchemy Press)
Reading the Roll of Honour. ‘Poor young chap,’
Kathy also suggested that, as adults, we have already figured out ways to help ourselves pay attention, such as doodling, tapping our feet, wiggling our toes or fingers, twiddling our thumbs, etc. She said that teaching children to do some of these behaviors when they need them is a good idea. She also gave a great website for some “social stories” that can help teach children the desired behaviors. There is a LOT more useful information in her handout, so I really recommend that you download it and find the time to read it; it’s GREAT!
Travis Shuler of The Public: One of my favorite local bands, I've been captivated by The Public for more years than I can recount. Dear Travis stands out in a crowded room full of hipsters with his black suits and piercing blue eyes. Yet, he is a tremendously nice guy. His brooding lyrics fit the front man persona just so, and I am not embarrassed to say that watching him on stage makes me go all little girl wobbly.
Well, it turns out the best way to get your child over wanting a black room is to just let them have it!
"She's kind of a scrooge. She buys gifts, but only practical ones. Like tennis balls for my birthday. Tupperware for Christmas. One Christmas she gave me a snow scraper. For her birthday, as a joke, I bought her a plunger. She loved it, thought it was a great gift idea.."
For many years we've shared our lives,
One aspect I didn’t include in the last Nancy’s Notes, “Draw Near: A Response to Love” (probably because nobody likes to think about it!) is that we draw near when we are being disciplined. The words disciple and discipline are closely related. Strong’s concordance says that a “disciple” (3100-Greek) is to become a pupil; to enroll as a scholar, to accept instruction and teaching. It defines ”discipline” (4148-Hebrew) as reproof, warning or instruction; may be restraint, a bond, chastisement, check, correction or rebuke. Jesus displayed many of these throughout His ministry with His disciples as He taught and instructed them, corrected and even rebuked them at times.
-Steel Wool or Heavy Nail File
I couldn’t fully explain myself and what I learned about the rules for getting the F-4 in the states because: a) everything was translated by Mr. Lee b) I’m not sure Mr. Lee understood exactly what I was saying… because he kept repeating the same things over to me. (Sound familiar?) Because of this ‘dual citizenship’ by birth (I was born in the states, and according to immigration here I am also a naturalized Korean), I was supposed to have renounced the Korean one by the time I turned 18 or some other such thing.
FLIGHT 1
This is why the police wont investigate the finances.
1 Bunch Italian Parsley
Cool on a rack. They will keep for several days in an airtight container – allegedly !!
Third and finally, syncretism hasn’t stopped. As this series on Antinous should demonstrate, the end of the late antique period and the so-called “triumph” of Christianity did not stop the tide of new ideas and perceptions about Antinous. Artists, scholars, and art restorers began to see him in new ways and to give shape to him in new forms…Raphael’s Jonah is based on Antinous, for crying out loud! (Though, perhaps, a Jewish prophet-Antinous syncretism might not be the most useful divine image to pursue…!?!) We are a very different human race that is alive and thriving now than what was found in the late antique Mediterranean. Chances are, we all (at least in the U.S.) know people who are of Irish descent, and yet that culture had little to no direct contact with Rome during that period. We probably all know some people of Asian descent–from the Far East of China and Japan, the Southeast of Vietnam and Thailand, or from India and a variety of other places–and while many of these cultures did have trade contacts with Rome and the Greek East, nonetheless they were not visible and prevalent in many places. Though most of North Africa, and some deeper parts of it, were known and conquered by Greeks and Romans, people of African descent were not extremely common in Europe of late antiquity. And, forget entirely about people of Native and Central American descent–these continents weren’t even known to exist! And yet, here we are, living on one of them, intermingling with people of every possible origin on a daily basis. And, it’s wonderful. Whatever we might think about Neil Gaiman’s American Gods, the idea that every group of people brought their gods with them to America (including Antinous) is one that I think many modern pagans can get behind. Gods of the classical world certainly don’t seem to have any difficulty contacting people here, and gods of elsewhere in the world seem to have done likewise. This being the case, the idea that any pantheon of deities is somehow existing in closed corridors or in a divine conclave that just hovers above their own devotees and never even has a window open on its divine neighbors is, in my mind at least, ludicrous. The gods have always been as promiscuous as humans can be, and as gregarious, and as multi-faceted and interdisciplinary and multimedia and equally fascinated. The gods are not a fixed and unchanging quantity–if they were, they would never have been able to make it out of a local context. Zeus would have remained an obscure deity revered in a cave on Crete, perhaps. But, that’s not the reality we’ve observed in ancient history, and it certainly can’t be the reality we witness today. New gods will appear, new forms of old gods will emerge, forgotten gods will re-emerge gradually, and syncretized forms of gods will come about at various times and for various reasons.
None of those people gave a damn. And their information was crucial to what I was trying to do, and it's not like I can go anywhere else for a liquor licence or for the information.
I was asked to review two products from the company Beeyoutiful. I enthusiastically agreed, since I had a previous positive experience with this company's SuperMom Vitamins. After Ladybug was born, I was very, very tired. I now know that was probably because I seem to be prone to pregnancy induced thyroiditis, and I was probably in a hypothyroid phase. I didn't know that then, though. I just knew I was exhausted beyond belief, I was concerned my milk production would suffer, and I had to be able to care for my sweet baby girl.
my timid, rule-following, overly cautious daughter
However, there is one aspect of population that I think would make a useful measure. There is, presumably, an average figure for how many from a local population are likely to become part of an Anglican church - let's say that it's 2.5% for ease - so for every 1,000 population we might expect a congregation of 25 people. We might then set up a system whereby any church which has a congregation of between 2% and 3% of the local population is considered 'average'; those with a congregation of less than 2% are less than average, those with more than 3% are more than average. This would give a rough and ready guide to how churches are doing (and obviously, other factors would need to be taken into account, along the same lines of the 'culture' mentioned earlier. Mission posts would not be expected to be 'average'!)
My interest in Egypt is, in fact, nothing new. When I transferred to Eastern Illinois University in 1981, I had plans to go there for a year and transfer to the University of Illinois to study Biology. This changed when I took one of my prereq courses, a Political Science course taught by, believe it or not, a professor named Faust.
The music for the movie is great, in terms of suspense and action. The movie has it’s own theme music that plays during important moments in the film. The movie has elements of action, romance, historical fiction, and drama, but at its heart it is a heavy romantic drama, the other elements are to compliment the story.
King: Women are of low class. They must be used to a lower kind of treatment.
Goals specifically for my home
PAUL: Well, I’d talk about it, but I don’t see it as being very practical. I think it’s a much bigger problem.
Alot has been going on lately...first and foremost is my moms health has been pretty bad. I sat with her for over 12 hours at the ER, she has a severe infection in her arm and it is huge, swollen, red and giving off crazy amounts of heat. I am not gonna lie, I am scared to death of losing her, as much as we fight and bicker, theres a ton of love there...please keep my mom in your prayers :(
Du Monde
There are 3 new colours, and one matte topcoat;
8×8 metal pan
Someone will always tell you it can’t be done.
He was young and seemed so sure
Comhaire F, Vermeulen L, Vanhoorne M. Effect of professional exposure to carbon disulphide on semen characteristics. XI World Congress on Fertility and Sterility 1983; Aug. Abstract.
Daily bottled American craft beers will stay about the same in number or be reduced slightly, but will be changed a bit in composition, with fewer of the same style, and more diverse flavor profiles. The BJCP list will continue to serve as a template for the bottled list remake.
1) Steep tea in water for 5 mins. Remove and discard tea.
What all that tells us is that the existing rule-book seems to be blocking progress and the attempts to bypass it have done little better, if not far worse.
* A brief note to some of my readers. Every time I write anything about the Armenian Genocide, I receive a number of long and detailed comments on how it never happened, and even some on how it was actually the Armenians killing Turks.
Compared to other cord bank services, Cryo-Cell is almost 31% cheaper. They boast the industry’s highest levels of quality certifications and accreditations. Their U-Cord® Service provides clients superior value and unique features. They are one of the world’s largest and most established family cord blood banks with over 200,000 clients worldwide. They are also a category-exclusive Upromise® partner and contribute 2% to client’s established Upromise accounts. They even provide $50,000 Product Quality Guarantee and they also provide a $10,000 Cryo-Cell Cares™ payment to client families to offset personal expenses during transplant procedures.
This recipe is gluten free, vegan, loaded with antioxidants.( garlic, onion, carrots, turmeric) Perfect to help build up your immune system just in time for winter.
1971.
176. V. Spenser, Prothalamion.
Roman has only just started to become interested in his crutches. We always take them with us to PT. He usually prefers to use his wheelchair or just crawl. His PT Lori and I took a "when you're ready" approach to the crutches. We didn't push them. We'd ask about them, talk about them and sometimes he'd try them.
1 tsp. Eden Foods sesame shake, or chopped sesame seeds (I just used 1 tsp. sesame seeds – who wants to chop sesame seeds??)
Here’s the thing though. Jesus calculated all this and made the decision and we are privy to the wisdom of his decision with respect to Lazarus even though we are not always privy to the wisdom he employs in his decisions concerning our lives: Jesus was not content to merely ward off death for a little while. No. His goal was to crush death under the weight of its own hubris. Jesus could have prevented Lazarus’ death, but it was better to utterly demolish death instead. There is wisdom.
No sooner than I lose Ms. Gabor, a sultry Marilyn Monroe has taken her place. It seems my dear Mr. Sanders is in high demand this evening. I smile wryly in their direction, with small eyes, and head toward the dance floor to find one solace in of my favorite crushes, the dashing Charles Simic. Maybe I can coax him into reciting some of his fabulous poetry while we take a spin on the dance floor? It's sure to make me weak in the knees and possibly catch the attention of my distracted date. Perhaps if I swoon, George will forget that pesky Marilyn and rush to catch me. It's worth a try.
I think being in work tomorrow will be tough as there is so many opportunities for snacking. We have sweets, biscuits and chocolates we can help ourselves too. I think its out of boredom too. Instead when I feel the craving hit I’m going to go and get myself a lemon and ginger or herbal tea which should stop the craving in its tracks!
The cardinals retire for lunch, which looks pretty bleak—some kind of porridge. The elderly cardinal sitting beside Borgia tells him one election took more than a month, which sucked mostly because the food was bad. He looks down at his porridge and complains there’s gristle in it. Borgia oh so kindly switches their plates and also shares some excellent wine from his own Spanish vineyards that he’s managed to smuggle in. Looks like he’s got a new ally.
And life was good. We made a pot of tea, grabbed laptops and mugs, blankets and pajamas, and went down to the conservatory, a green-house type thing in the middle of the compound. At eight pm, there was no one there, which meant we sprawled on the couch (Ari’s a good pillow) and put on “Sherlock.”
Stamp - PTI Winterberry, PTI Merry and Bright
She died in September of my twenty-fifth year. Her body was planted in the ground where her roots could rest through the winter. My husband and I bought her house, the only house I felt attached to growing up. The home and yard of my imagination came to me from my grandmother’s nurturing hands. Her lilacs became mine, her perennial and annual beds, mine to tend. Her legacy lived on through me.
Cardamoms - 2 no
Now we have elected mayors. Why? What for? We are soon to have elected police commissioners. Why? What for? Are those councillors previously responsible for what these misfits are going to do going to get the axe? Don't make me laugh! Politicians are busy using our tax money creating ever more gravy trains for each other, stuff the cost to mugs like you and me. At least two current Labour MPs are going for these new jobs, Manchester MP Tony Lloyd for Police Commissioner, Birmingham MP Gisella Stuart for elected Mayor. Why doesn't a pair of lefties going faster than Usain Bolt to clamber onboard a new gravy train surprise me?
I turn my phone off, look up and feel the warmth flood my face, my skin and enter each and every tiny tight pore. I should describe these gardens it seems selfish to keep their beauty for myself. The sky is, as always here, blue, a blue formed out of a mornings cool fog, the pines stand tall, aged bronze trunks sway sexily in the ‘almost there’ breeze. Agapanthus crowd together as they should, a plant that likes company, likes to whisper sweet nothings down the line, between them tall grasses brush past. A hard yellow steel shape poses as a work of art, look at me it demands, I am yellow, I am steel and I am made by man. I look down at my skinny pink jeans and wonder has that ship past? How do I dress anymore? Do I shriek or blend in with this my chosen environment?
SMQ on UCLA: 7-6, overall meh-ness.
* Failure to incorporate eggs one at a time – the eggs need to be beaten enough to provide leavening
massaging the soil, feeding this child, this life
What happened? Frank Rich complains about Obama’s “passivity.” Others grumble the supposedly great communicator has failed to control the political narrative — as is currently the case where the discussion in Washington centers on the Republican theme, “reduce the deficit,” when it should be on “increase the number of good jobs.” Writing in the New York Review, Yale Professor David Bromwich observed, “Obama has always preferred the symbolic authority of the grand utterance to the actual authority of a directed policy… protracted moods of extreme abstraction seem to alternate with spasmodic engagement.”
So if you’re still watching 2 Broke Girls, you’re most likely watching it just for the 2 broke girls right? I mean, no one likes the diner scenes or characters that much (or at all). Well, I got some good news for you! Okay, maybe not good, but tolerable: the diner scenes were practically non-existent this week! This week, Max and Caroline talked to a couple tenants in their apartment building.
A metaphor often used by those with an asset-based philosophy is a cup half-filled. Jackie saw her job as digging for treasure in her own backyard. In this case, it was Almere. A theological definition for this process is the imago dei (image of God), where every person is gifted by God with something to offer. This is an organic and natural way of opening people to God and affirming them as human beings.
Meanwhile, on the other side of the globe, the Aunda was also at a wedding--a traditional Afghan-style Muslim wedding, quite an exciting experience for her. Many years ago, when my brother and sister were babies, my mother hired as a babysitter an Afghan woman, whose family had evacuated under extreme duress--they had to ride camels through the desert to Pakistan before finding asylum (Fatima, the mother/wife, was six months pregnant at the time--an incredible story). The Afghan family was still getting their start in America at the time--they are quite prosperous now, but back when my bubbies were babies they were in a position where it helped a lot for Fatima to watch children. We are still family friends with them, but we aren't as close as the Aunda, who, as everyone knows, is a major meddler, and is now so involved with the family that she scores invites to all these awesome parties. She said the reception--300 people--was like nothing she had ever seen before, and she was extremely impressed with the food (hard to believe, but they didn't serve pasta! instead they had rice! how interesting!) and everyone's dresses. This morning she chatted to me for a very long time about all the points of Muslim weddings she had learned about--the most surprising part to her was that the bride has to pretend to be sad during the entire wedding. The Aunda, however, was NOT sad to be there, and a good time was had by all.
I am asking that you PLEASE, PLEASE PRAY that his surgery will go smoothly and that he will recover quickly. Thank you all so much for holding him and my sister & Ed close in your hearts tomorrow morning. I know my SB mommy friends know exactly what my sister is going through right now. The pain of sending your child into surgery is just horrible - my heart aches for her right now but my head knows that everything will be alright. I believe in God's healing power, the power of prayer and the strength of our family.
Keeping packaged media and broadcasted content healthy businesses is a priority for News Corp. in 2012, according to Jon Miller, chief digital officer for the company.
He briefly told me that Betsy had not fared as well. There had been sudden braking on the freeway, the domino effect as each car attempted to avoid hitting the car in front. Successful attempts ended with the van behind my husband; it slammed into the rear of Matthew's car, propelling it forward under the SUV directly ahead. Betsy's front end folded up like a paper bag, the air bags bloomed and burst, and the chemicals from the airbag left nasty burns on Matthew's arm. The paramedics gave him some ointment for it, but, thankfully, with no casualties or gravely serious injuries, they fled off to the next scene of rush hour catastrophe. Matthew was stranded at the side of a busy highway, wondering how he'd get to work.
Madrid trained on Friday and Saturday at Valdebebas in preparation for this weekend’s early game against Sevilla (Sevilla has spent the past two days training at Valdebebas as well, since Míchel – who of course knows the installations very well – wanted to avoid his players getting distracted by the Feria de Abril. I wonder if Sergio will pop down to Sevilla after this game to enjoy a few hours of the festivities and a bullfight since today is the last day of the fair?).
Has there ever been that one character that you saw, then thought to yourself, "that guy's a bad-ass"? No matter what situation he gets in, what enemies he faces, or what happens to their friends or their selves, they continues to fight on. This is their tribute.
When you finish all of this place a crape on to your plate put a couple of tablespoons of your butter sauce in the center then fold into fourths, in my case I only had two for each person because they were huge but if yours are smaller repeat three times and top off with your fruit mixture. Like this:
Bean Curd Strips, cut into small pieces
Put new information in and GROW.
CURTAIN
This time blocking off and escalator…
#160 Eric Liddell said when he ran he felt God’s pleasure. This is what I’m after. Not just in running but in everything I do. And I especially feel God’s pleasure when I write.
TO ASSEMBLE
4. The Warden’s Walk—If you want to know anything about fantasy, sci-fi, movies, poetry, and all other things creative, this is the site for you. Not only that, but he evaluates many works from a Christian standpoint. Go read his work and learn something.
i returned the camera.
To carry on.
creme fraiche (optional)
Wow I feel so blessed to be on the front page again. That is a total of 4 times! My purse sold almost instantly. Funny how things have a way of working out, especially after I just finished composing a blog on upcoming goals.
It cleans things! It recharges! It has fancy brushes which mean you can actually use it as a back-up vacuum, not just something you use to do the car with. In fact, the only thing I don't like about this vacuum is the press release, which reads "now Dad can do his bit and keep the car fresh". Shame on you, Dirt Devil. This isn't the 1950s. Dad can vacuum the house.
However, that isn’t what’s happening on the island. My theory is far from this theory. Although, it can be easily incorporated as one of the many variables and scenario’s being simultaneously being played out on the island.
Pakistan's Foreign Minister Hina Rabbani Khar likewise warned the U.S. not to cross what she called 'red lines' and not to use Pakistan as a scapegoat. ”If many of your goals are not achieved, you do not make someone a scapegoat,” she said, speaking to the American Government.
This fun craft uses a cut out of a child’s hand to create the ASL sign (American Sign Language) for I-Love-You. Children will love using their imagination to decorate the paper heart that they will glue their hand sign on.
How about you? How has God led you to know Him more deeply? How has He shown you how to trust Him to provide? What are the stories of your Standing Stones?
After I washed my hands and cat scratches (twice), I made my way to the gate, set Milo’s carrier down gently, collapsed into a seat, and just started laughing. Ridiculous.
Being the platform
from every hull these rocks have claimed
It’s almost December and the holiday season is upon us whether we like it or not. Here’s an easy way to knock some of those items off your “To-Do” list. Celebrate the wealth of artistic talent in Texas by buying books created by Texan authors and illustrators. I promise you’ll find something perfect for all the kids on your list!
Bilbytini
Surprise! More pictures of Kelsey, of course. This week, she had her 4 month checkup. She is growing like crazy. This is more for Mom Davis than anyone else but here are her stats:
Brenda Russell blocks the cold with a blanket,
Tonight I had a bird sit on my shoulder as I checked out a potential new “home”.
My buffalo wing obsession began roundabout high school. Dudes would take me out to dinner and I’d always order them. I might have ordered them at dinner the night of prom. I naively referred to it then as a phase. It wasn’t. To this day I’m on the lookout for the perfect place in L.A. to get traditional buffalo wings. I did a Yelp search the other day and the highest rated place on the list was vegan. I know that vegans take care of their own, but still…not a great sign.
Part I
There is a theory that by normalising suffering and emphasising the universal nature of it, religions comfort us with the knowledge that we are not alone. True happiness is impossible in this lifetime, we can only hope for a nicer afterlife. The trouble with this theory, is how readily it lends itself to keeping people in misery whilst telling them that it’s good for them. Compassionate sharing is one thing, oppression another and there are times when it’s not easy to see what you’ve got.
Link up your creation so we can cruise by and oogle your talent...
I was just chatting with Mr. X and told him I read that during a passionate bout of sex, you’ll both use 143 muscles and torch as many kilojoules as during a 15-minute jog. This prompted and interesting conversation about how long that session would need to be to equal a 15 minute job and then how long of a session I’d be up for. Have I ever gone 2 hours? My response was, “2 hours straight?”
Available online and in Molton Brown stores. Priced £29.00
Egyptian security services foiled an Iranian plot to assassinate the Saudi ambassador to Cairo several months ago, the legal advisor of the kingdom’s embassy said in local dailies on Tuesday.
No texting and driving…no wait…donkey-riding!
Recorded at Spaceward Studios, Cambridge on 5-1-83.
Or is it that our past needs us to rely on small trivial things to survive
I don't know why that bothers me so much. I think that if it is some thing to be possessed then if we don't have it, we must be lacking in some way. While I have needs and my family has needs, we are the typical American family that has way more right now than most people in the world have at any given time. I'm always appalled by that, probably because I've spent time in third world countries.
Yes, promise me that you will never tell
5. Organic arugula, .99/ea. at Newflower (through 12/8/10)
Using your advertising to communicate that you can make savings by going online and using a comparison website is hardly a revelation or new news for people. It's a generic benefit in a relatively mature market that's already widely understood by anyone with half a brain.
What does this have to do with the Conference you ask? Well, I became very hardened and bitter towards my son and my joy was robbed from me by the enemy. I have to admit I was a mess. I know that the enemy had been working overtime to cause my family to fall! But God had His perfect plan. I attended the worship conference and it was really good but I just was not feeling it. Then Brit Merrik was teaching and I was at the edge of my seat. He began to share about his little son whom he loved dearly would escape after his bath running through his house naked. But one night his son surprised him and jumped into his arms and wrapped his little arms and legs tightly around his waste and neck. He did not let go for a number of minutes. While Brit was telling this story I began to weep bitterly. I immediately had memories of my son and I experiencing the same kind of loving times. I felt the Love of God fill me at that moment and I went forward on my face to my God. I had realized that I had allowed the enemy to rob me of my Joy but God restored me that day at the Worship Conference. The theme for the Conference was “Saturated”. Well, God did just that with His perfect Love. Restoration, Restoration! For my son, wife, daughter and myself.
I was just sad to see Ms. Wearstler as a Playboy bunny. It knocked her off of the pedestal of fabulousness on which I had placed her and brought her back down to human being trying to make a living. And I know this makes me a judgmental b*tch, but there you go.
After watching so many stupid names go on ships, this is a GREAT idea.
By Chance I stumbled upon this site and was shocked to see almost all of my recipes copied and used without my permission. And after all why should I give my permission to use my content as theirs.
Whew! I'm looking forward to making Athena's paranormal journey through high
6. Choose your photos - from Shutterfly, Flickr, Facebook, or your computer
* Purchase either of the other Dulcie O'Neil books (To Kill A Warlock or A Tale of Two Goblins) and get extra points! (+5 points per book--simply send me an email to hpmalloryauthor at yahoo dot com and tell me what the first sentence of chapter twelve is in either Warlock or Goblins to verify that you purchased it. Please don't leave the first sentence in the blog post--just mention that you purchased the book and email me separately!)
crossing the road
INTERNAZIONALE vs SCHALKE 04
What we read: I must admit that we mostly listened to Adventures in Odyssey this week. Maybe we will read more next week.
Here's what I do:
He gave an important and informative presentation leading to a few probing questions from the group. As important as it was for us to see the data and hear Charlie’s analysis suggesting future trends in funding and residential supports, I was struck by one particular PowerPoint slide. More than anything else that was presented, it cut to the core of what must drive our decision-making.
Although naturopathic remedies are derived from natural sources and pose much less risk than allopathic drugs do, there are certain side effects associated with the use of some herbal preparations. One problem they can pose is through interactions with prescription medicines. It is important for a patient to inform his or her allopathic physician about any natural remedies or herbs prescribed by a naturopath.
WXYT has video on its page that we can’t embed. You can see the video, complete with the gotcha moment, here.
11) Kansas City Chiefs: G David DeCastro
The reverberations over the contentious Shutesbury Library override issue, recently settled by Superior Court Judge Mary-Lou Rup who upheld the defeat, continued to be felt today...like a seismic aftershock.
Once one sees that there are two mind/body problems, not one, it is possible to address each problem in turn. Chapter Two breaks down the problem of intentionality further, developing the distinction between the problem of mental representation and the problem of rationality, and offers two respective arguments to naturalize the semantics of intentional predicates. Chapter Three offers arguments to the effect that the problem of phenomenology is a pseudoproblem and then explains how phenomenal predicates can be naturalized as well. The arguments in the two chapters are different responses to different metaphysical problems, but taken together they may work towards a naturalistic semantic for psychological predicates. In the more speculative Chapter Four an account of the nature of the relationship between intelligence and consciousness is proposed that reflects the conclusions of the earlier chapters.
I guess you could include F****** A in the above but the F here alludes principally to the façade, floors and other fixtures and finishes. But firstly, the finishing and the closure of yet another chapter in my working life. The teaching year in Barcelona is beginning to wind down and I have started to say my goodbyes to ‘students’ some of whom I have known since I started teaching four years ago. Goodbyes uttered on a scale starting from the very poor English, to Spanglish and through to the very good. Along the way I have inadvertently picked up some good friends, got a good insight into Spanish and Catalan life and culture and would say that it has truly been one of the most enjoyable work experiences in my somewhat chequered career. The life of the peripatetic teacher is coming to a close. For my part, the teaching was largely learnt ‘on the hoof’ and one quickly learnt that students initially knew a sight more than the teacher about grammar and its associated terminology. Ultimately, the teaching was the easy part. It has been the 70km round trip to Barcelona on each working day and the getting about the city by metro, bus or tram between classes that proved tiring. Leaving the house just after seven in the morning and returning around nine at night, with the following day’s material to be pulled together after dinner. I’m not grumbling. It has been a bag load of fun and has provided me with a reasonable income in an alien country where I can still hardly string a sentence together in the local lingo, be it Catalan or Spanish. So to one and all thank you and “Fins aviat!!”.
Let the weather be passable enough to bring our loved ones together.
The new unit comes into being at a time when the United States attorney’s office in Brooklyn has brought a series of terrorism cases that some officials say have equaled or outpaced recent cases brought by its counterpart in Manhattan, something that would have seemed unimaginable in years past.
* Typically, 2+ years of related analytical, consulting, & healthcare experience preferred
Lonnie Dee Robertson
solution, a humanitarian solution to Mr. Gross’ case on a reciprocal
Who learn Torah all day.
An infection filling your veins
* 1/4 tsp salt
Do some wish I’d offer something more pleasant?
I swapped in bracelets for vintage ones my grandmother gave me. The MAC Viva Glam lipstick is such a great color! Especially if you're fair like me. :)
The Galaxy Nexus is also very thin, but not thinner than the Droid RAZR (8.84 mm on the Nexus compared to 7.1 mm on the RAZR), which makes the iPhone 4S look a bit bulky at 9.3 mm. The Droid RAZR is also the lightest smartphone out of the bunch at 127 grams, while the iPhone 4S is the most compact given its smaller screen size.
Instead of discerning the real need with our culture and accepting that there might be a fundamental problem with how children are being raised, we’ve found outside sources in which to cast our blame. When two shooters started killing fellow classmates in the Columbine High School Massacre, a discussion of who was to blame began to circulate on the media. One of the most prominent culprits was violent video games. For the first time nation wide, parents started to critique the violence our youth were exposed to as the source for hostility in the school system. The problem with this discussion is that it hasn’t resolved bullying or rectified the hostility many youth feel. In some ways, it has done nothing but divert our attention from the real issues at hand.
Not only that, but Brian brought home a giant plant from work on Friday. Whoo!! Problem was, we had no place to put it that would keep Talor from playing with it. The combination of the air conditioners and the plant created the best reason to rearrange.
happy friday! the time has finally come! i am moving on up to portland, oregon this weekend! so for the next week, please bear with me as i am making a huge trek up to the pacific northwest.
Since when did I live in your heart?
Tolerant like the sky,
fundraising purposes. HSUS is a "Fundraising Mill."
The white tents cluster in camps, the arm’d sentries around, the
I'm just doing a lot of praying right now....I need strength and guidance and I feel very alone.
It said “revolts” in the province in 1958, 1973 and 2005 “indicate continued popular discontent against Islamabad’s rule, and the plunder of its vast natural wealth while the province remains the poorest in the country”.
- Writing a query that is overconfident or pompous
1/2 cup milk chocolate chips
My oldest son is seven years old and loves watching Ben 10, he even has a Ben 10 pair of shoes. He wore the shoes so much he wore a hole in them, so I guess it's time we buy him another pair of Ben 10 shoes! I recently was givin an opportunity to review Cartoon Network newest release in the volume three series of Ben 10. Ben 10 Ultimate Alien Volume 3: The Return of Heatblast is the latest installment in the series, in which Ben faces a rematch, Elena appears with a new flock of nanochips and it's up to Ben 10 super fan Jimmy Jones to save the day. In this DVD Ben has to face his past, as enemies come back looking for trouble. Good thing Ben 10 has so many friends to watch his back!
I thought I’d share some of the items I have repurposed as well: A votive holder turned jewelry stand. Two vases turned bracelet display. A wall picture frame holder turned jewelry organizer and a napkin holder turned wallet/hair care storage. Always look for alternate uses for things that you love!
After finishing on Sunday, Woods said, "I think people are making way too big of things" regarding his on-course demeanor. I guess Woods forgot that he was the one who said things were going to change. But, hey, if people think this is the first time Woods has lied publicly, they've obviously been living in a cave the past six months.
- Saute nuts in butter for 5 min. Don't let butter brown. Then toss nuts in pepper and sugar until coated.
Sometimes life takes you places you weren't expecting. I'm sad we missed church, but thankful for the opportunity to enjoy a beautiful day outside with our family. We now have memories we will cherish.
This Hindu festival is celebrated in Purattasi month (tamil lunar month around Sep -October) starting from the Mahalaya Amavaasai (no moon day) for 10 days(Dusshera). During these 10 days Goddess Durga (Ichcha Shakti) , Goddess Lakshmi (Kriya Shakti) and Goddess Saraswathi(Gnana Shakthi) serve as the main deities and are allocated 3 days each. The first 3 days are specific to Goddess Parvathy. The next 3 for Goddess Lakshmi. The last 3 for Goddess Saraswathi. The 9th day is “Saraswathi Puja or Ayudha Puja” when everyone gives their tools of the trade — pens, machinery, books, automobiles, school work, etc. a rest and ritually worships them. On the 10th day, all of these 3 deities are worshipped together to culminate the puja. The 10th day is “Vijayadashami” ; an auspicious day to start any new endeavour, the day when gurus are paid homage by all the students.
We've used tubes of paint, putting they colors in little round palettes, but it can mold if you have any dampness.
To improve the world I would set up a foundation, or become an influencing voice in an established one (money brings power and facilitates this) in order to help form businesses that work towards: reducing our dependency on oil; resolving water needs and related issues in third world countries; supporting and developing local entrepreneurs in those countries to be able to create jobs for their own people and develop their own country.
Genocide.
Till then .. Happy Scrapping
Some writers call this writer’s block. But I call it the “Writing-Muse-Needs-A-Kick” syndrome.
from the core
The testament reprise scribbled in a bathroom stall
Pests: They can be bothered by slugs. We bark mulch heavily and clean debris away in early spring so slugs and snails aren’t much of a problem. I don’t need to slug bait primroses in our yard, I guess we have tastier more attractive garden fare.
Valentine signed with a row of X’s
This pic was taken at the same event; there was a balloon comic demonstrating his artistry. He threw a million of these off the stage. You'll appreciate it only if you saw the video I linked to in Saturday's post. Sigh... I am so not right. But at least I look thin.
Reported to me minutes ago in person by Pratt Street Ale House co-owner Justin Dvorkin:
Check out the incredible digital images at the Crafts and Me store here and let your imagination run wild. You'll find more lovely fairies by Sara Burrier as well as other amazing artists like Hannah Lynn and Lemon Shortbread.
*click that link up there to read my tour diary!!
According to a report from the New York Daily News, Robert Fitzpatrick spent $140,000 for an ad campaign for signs on subway cars and bus shelters around the city reading “Global Earthquake! The Greatest Ever – Judgment Day: May 21.”
I'm not quite so old that I don't remember my teenage years and the strong emotions that characterized them. Love, jealousy, fear... REAL feelings. Asher honors the strength and effect of such emotions in this book.
It was the same sauce, but instead filled with chicken and candied walnuts. Too much was too much, but in moderation ... well, you wanted to eat until you reached the too much stage. I couldn't, however, figure out the sauce. Sweet, but not too sweet, creamy, but not a sauce thickened with any starch ... I was completely flummoxed.
Is there anyone that falls
TECHNIQUES:French knots, CAS
There was no moment during the episode that made me sit up and say ‘wow’, but it was a damn fine ride all the way through as individual scenes stood out above the episode as a whole. I don’t think this is Deadwood reincarnate as many others seem to be claiming, the focus is too narrow on just Raylan for it to be that sprawling ensemble drama. Justified does however feel like Seth Bullock has been transported to the future and cheered up a tiny bit; and that’s more than a good thing. It’s good to have another solid FX drama series and it’s even better to have Olyphant back on the small screen and back in a Stetson.
At dead of night, at news from the south,
Maybe it’s because the state of Virginia forgot about Spring and went straight for Summer. Hard core.
I was published on my second try to my first site. They rejected my article giving me just one reason. I went back in and fixed it, then resubmitted and three days later I was published. It was exciting. Someone who did not know me from a hole in the wall published something I wrote! I have a chance to make money on this piece. It has something to do with the advertising on the page when someone reads my article. That will be nice. I also had the chance to push my article by announcing it on FaceBook. One of our Tarts has found and read the article. That was way cool to find a friend as my first reader. Now I know how Sue-Ellen feels when one of us shows up some place where she is guest blogging. If only writing and publishing a book were so easy. Ah well, the best things never come easy and there are always dragons to fight.
And the Siren was mightily amused by the description of Marlene Dietrich: "She baked me a fabulous Viennese cake; she is a great cakemaker." According to Maria Riva, who was deeply fond of Aherne, he was making a great deal more than cake with Marlene. But the lady was alive and still technically married at the time the book was published, and chivalrously Aherne breathes not a word of their affair, though he admits to wondering "how I could manage to bake Miss Dietrich." George Sanders must have rolled his eyes over such determinedly uncommercial discretion.
Never go South of the River.
Step 2: Connect your HTC One X to your computer via USB.
and he will make your paths straight.
Collecting Skulls
Of course a certain percentage of that is referrer spam, but I tend have that controlled here pretty well, so the numbers are fairly accurate. There are about eight or nine thousand page views here and yet only three comments (I excluded my replies). But (now my bitter side comes out) I visited a site the other day that just did one of those “top ten” horror films of 2011. A picture from the film with three or four sentences under them and there were (then) 18 comments. And the person running the blog had yet to even reply to anybody. I simply decided to give up expecting comments and interaction. I will continue to work but I am a loss for this phenomenon. But the comments I do get are great and often they add to the information to the post, so thanks a million to those commenters I have had and hope to continue to have.
Maida or All Purpose Flour- 1 Tbsp.
Tantrum space for people who eschew factory learning in favour of unschooling, open source learning, community based, learning without school.
Like Mary’s dad, I had my own demons to contend with over what I had seen and done in Iraq. After my last deployment I came home to Long Island and found my marriage damaged beyond repair and the middle class lifestyle I took for granted spoiled and worthless. Teaching was the one refuge I had in my personal storm, until I started seeing the same soulless eyes in my privileged American students that I saw in the poverty stricken and fearful Iraqi kids who lived in a war zone. For all the wrong reasons the American kids whined about how tough and unfair their lives were and when I could not take it anymore I left it all behind and went looking for someplace I might be able to make a difference.
Tranquillium – Tonto’s Expanding Head Band – Tonto Rides Again
Chinamaringa
Martin Luther King’s Address at March on Washington
“According to legend, 120 patriots, exhausted after a long, hard battle during the fight for Chile’s independence, reached the lands belonging to Santa Rita. On that fateful night in 1814, these forces of liberty found refuge in the estate cellars. Today, within these same cellars, our award-winning 120 wines are crafted to honor their heroic character.
Writing…that’s what I’m doing right now, so I figured why not start the hobby series with the part on writing? Every person on this earth, at some point in their lives, dreams of being an actor,a restaurateur or a writer. These three professions are not merely ‘professions’ in the literary sense of the world, but callings in their own right. Out of these, writing is the most creative. An actor is bound by her script, a restaurateur by the ingredients, but a writer is totally, completely, absolutely free. As Rachel Bloom puts it,’The number one thing I am earnestly attracted to is intelligence. Writers are thus the pinnacle of intelligence. While actors are great and awesome, writers literally create new worlds from scratch. What is sexier than that? Personally, I don’t know why every person out there isn’t dating a writer.’
Another out-parliamentary prime minister.
I loved David Nicholls’ novel and thought that a movie version would only work if they got the casting for the main characters right. I was wrong.
“For I did not receive it from any man, nor was I taught it, but I received it through a revelation of Jesus Christ. (Gal 1:12)”
Invert the cone-shaped wedge and set it, pointy side down, flat side up, in the crater, and gently press it into place (if needed). Using a chef's knife, trim the sides of the cake to the original shape (in the event reconstructing the cake has made bits stick out, you can trim it a little to make it round again).
This time it was a lot more…physically straining 0.0 haha…hah. ha…being so, it was a lot less fun. Oh well.
The art we need in an age of ecological crisis should be fundamentally relational rather than self-expressive because of the heightened need to nurture respectful connectedness among people and with nature.
Director David Lavallee worked as a hiking guide in the Columbia Icefields for 15 years. He saw profound changes to the mountain landscape as Alberta ramped up growth in the extremely water-intensive tar sands industry downstream. Lavallee’s burning curiosity to find out why took him on a three-year journey across Western Canada that resulted in the production of this film.
May 5th to 12th, 2012
They did back in the '1960s' when Andre Courreges and his designs were the toast of the town. Courrege designed a kaftan in velvet that looked to me like it was the kaftan of kaftans - deep V front, bell shaped sleeves and a loose fitting body that was not entirely shapeless but not tight fitting either. These days I don't imagine French girls wearing kaftans very often. When I think of the kaftan, I think of colour and pattern and loose and flowing and flimsy and most of all I dream of supreme comfort. French girls don't often wear patterns. French girls wear navy, they wear navy and white stripes, they wear black, they wear grey, they wear creme and they wear red. French girls go tight and they go structured. French girls go classic with a twist and French girls go sexy. Kaftans for all their ease are not number one for sexy.
I loved “The Paradise Prophecy.” Browne painted such vivid pictures, the story played out in my brain like a full-color motion picture. I wouldn’t be surprised to see it on the big screen someday. The characters felt so human and real. They were not flawless, perfect heroes who always do the right thing to save the day. They were just like you and me, full of faults and foibles, susceptible to temptation. Callahan and Batty are two extremely different characters who work together and grow as characters throughout the story.
For three months a year, we wake up to the rattling of big iron gates and hollered exclamations:
Incident 2. I have cats and dogs, and I like my house to not smell like them. As cool as being the "lady who's house smells like cats" is, I'd rather not. So, once a week I make a homemade mixture of baking soda and essential oils and spread it over the carpet before I vaacum. So, about 3 days ago..I got out my huge bucket of the stuff and started shaking it around as usual. I noticed it was really clumped up this time, but I had added a lot of lemon oil so I figured that was the reason. WRONG. Immidiately after finishing the living room I hear Sam hysterically laughing. "Mom, you're putting my wizz all over everything" apparantly he thought it would be funny to take a leak into the bucket right before I spread it all over my entire house. FUCK
I was always a deep individual who wanted to find meaning in what I do. I did a lot of soul-searching and reflecting, and realized that perhaps I should’ve listened to my education teacher.
Recipe
The Sultan said he believed that the titles from the state were valuable and he did not want anyone to claim that their Datukships were from Selangor if they were not.
*Before becoming a novelist you worked as a journalist and magazine editor, do you think this has influenced your writing in anyway?
I am sure everything will go off without a hitch and if all else fails I know the gumbo will not go to waste!
Rents have been increasing substantially and vacancy rates are at a low point and expected to stay that way.
- 2 tbsp chili sauce
ābrahma-bhuvanāl lokāḥ
Fall arrived, and all the hustle and bustle that accompanies life on a farm. My husband was fueling up his pickup, about ready to contact farmers and line up the upcoming work week. I would not be going to the field on this balmy day. I planned to stay home and catch up on a few things around the house.
This series is pretty cool, I mean come on, it’s about NINJAS! But as a feminist, it’s not fun watching those harem scenes. At first they may seem kind of funny, but they really aren’t. What it’s doing is saying that the best way to get a man’s attention is to show him a nude woman. Now seriously, that is just wrong. Men should not see a woman’s appearance as the most important feature of that woman. Her personality is what’s important. For any total idiots out there, what I’m trying to say is don’t just look at a woman and go “BOOBIES!”. How do you think that makes the woman feel? Now some of you may be wondering how this is related to Naruto, seeing as he conjures a bunch of non-existent women for a brief period of time, for just long enough to confuse his enemy. Well, it’s simple. The show is essentially saying that showing off a woman’s body is the best way to get a man’s attention. It shouldn’t be. That fact is unfortunately true for a lot of men, but really, saying to a woman “Show me your titties!” is a horrible thing to say to her, so imagine if you were a woman and someone said that to you. How would it make you feel? Pretty damn horrible. So to tie this all back to Naruto, please don’t see a woman’s body as the most important thing about her. Don’t watch loads of harem anime series. Break away from the nasty stereotype that men only like women for their bodies.
But if you do not conform you are exiled. Ian Curteis submitted a play about The Falklands War to the BBC, which was sympathetic to Margaret Thatcher. It was rejected. If he had attacked Mrs. Thatcher as a warmonger or an Imperialist it would have been accepted.
To all of my Brothers and Sisters in Law Enforcement, no matter if you are federal, municipal, customs and immigration, parks service, Marine Patrol or Coast Guard, work safe always, as our family grows smaller too quickly, and I don't want to hear your name being read out at next year's Roll Call of Rememberance, as each and everyone of you is special to me, YOU ARE MY FAMILY!!!!!
2 handfuls of arugula
To start each year I would gather up my seed catalogues and decide which plants and veggies I would like to try this year as well as gather up some old favorites and then we would order them. I would go to our local nursery and gather up some basic start up sets for the seeds. And then we would wait until the postman would bring that special package with our new seeds. My daughter was always so happy that day and wanted to get started “immediately!”
A couple of weeks ago, Kristin called to see if we wanted to go to the lake with them! Um...let me think about that for a second...YES!!!! Going on out on a boat is my favorite thing to do. It's a piece of heaven for me.
And yet don't look too good, nor talk too wise:
Because 2011 was the first full year of blogging here, I must say that in my eyes, it could not have gone any better. I feel truly lucky and blessed to be able to have covered so many great events, such as the World Premiere of the Gods and Generals Director’s Cut, and to have had the chance to interview so many great people. All in all, we ended up with more than 160,000 views during the calendar year, for a daily average of 459. As always, I will be trying my best to bring you the latest news/interviews/coverage surrounding the latest Civil War-themed movies, such as 1863, Copperhead, and To Appomattox; if you keep checking back, you will not miss a thing. Once again, I would like to wish everyone a very happy and healthy 2012! See you all on the blogosphere next year!
Every tale that you spin
In 1857 Bull Head Dock was still in use by shipwrights but it was in the company of two manure producers - one processing guano, the other manufacturing chemical manure.
What I miss? For the first time I am finally missing coffee...decaf just doesn't do the trick!
Then we had the Second Lebanon War, with Hezbollah, a semi-military organization, supported by the Iranian and Syrian armies, sitting on the territory of the state of Lebanon, and some of its activities were terrorism, and some were guerrilla activities against soldiers.
When we look at the different ways conflict can effect our characters, then we can write them not as flat, fictional ideas, but as multi-faceted beings. And that is likely to grab our readers.
Meanwhile, heat the oil in a deep pan ot pot, until just smoking, hot enough so that a drop of batter rises quickly to the surface covered in bubbles (or until a cube of bread browns evenly in 30 seconds) Turn down the heat to medium.
Today is International Children's Book Day. It's been celebrated since 1967, on or around Hans Christian Andersen's birthday, 2 April. More on ICBD here at the IBBY web site.
lise
Can character actors become just too famous?
I've been big time into that Real Estate album, sometimes you're just in the mood for a relaxed summer ride with no big freakouts...it's a bit of a zone out album, simple, but where they go with next to nothing is just perfect...I'd get this just for that track. $20.
I woke up bright and early Saturday morning and after coffee, food, and bathroom, I hit up a few local yard sales. I love yard sales! I got some amazing deals on decorations for Memorial Day/Independence Day, a new garden flag for my mom, and a few new sweaters and shirts for myself (thanks to another fairly small college classmate of mine who “invited” me to her yard sale via Facebook).
This is a simple flower note card I made. The chipboard flower just seemed to be a perfect match to the floral paper--and the plane green made it stand out.
Category: Mystery
Students in JOMC 457, Advanced Editing, are writing guest posts for this blog this semester. This is the 11th of those posts. Kevin Minogue is a senior journalism and political science major from Reston, Va. He is a staff writer for The Daily Tar Heel, as well as a former intern at The Fayetteville Observer.
Do you even know the meaning of the word ‘bulletproof?’ Jesus, your buddies in the Apache Helicopter with the giant freaking Gatling gun didn’t hurt him, what the fuck do you think you’re going to accomplish? You’re just giving the freak some kind of long-distance shiatsu massage!
And after that, I kept the door bolted and locked at all times; I just couldn’t risk that kind of thing happening again. It wasn’t long though, before I regretted that decision.
Please leave your prayer requests in the comments section. If you are not a commenter, but a reader, please pray over any prayer requests left. Take a moment out of your day to think of the other voices we sometimes forget to acknowledge. If your request is not public, you can feel free to email me yours and it will be kept confidential to my husband and I: nikolehahn@thehahnhuntinglodge.com
Lightly Baked Wheat Pizza Crust Before Topping
Good luck to everyone who's working on a novel on this month. I'd love to hear from anyone who's interested in participating in a NaNoCriMo (National Novel Critique Month) in either December or January.
It’s not just the high quality entertainment that premium channels have to offer that’s been making me forget stuff like who our president is or whether we’re allies with Libya, it’s the less costly, trashier channels that have been keeping me occupied, as well. Have I watched a women reenacting giving birth in a toilet, because she didn’t know she was pregnant? Yes. Have I observed housewives from New Jersey forgetting to follow the golden rule? You know it. Have I tuned in to Joey Greco showing hidden camera footage to woman who is ready to kick her cheating boyfriend’s ass? Yep. Do I know whether or not Eden Wood won the “Rumble in the Jungle” beauty pageant? That would also be a yes. Do I feel guilty for watching any of these low quality programs? Oddly, I don’t.
The Sector 84 Commander ordered a unit of 10 men to go to Sector 127 to recover the equipment and bring back the remains of his commandos for identification and determination of what the hell happened. He ordered the unit to bring back the two Rat-lovers for identification in case they could be linked to others.
“As you are well aware, dire times have befallen our beloved country; soaring energy prices, corporate corruption in Congress, destructive natural disasters, overseas conflicts, narcoterrorism, and gunfire at our borders. We’re not going to lie to you; our country is in terrible danger and we are out gunned. We are under attack at this very moment but not by invading troops (yet) or communistic threat… What or who is it you ask? Just look around your neighborhoods and your schools. Look at the violence on T.V. Look at the border.
WHEN I TAKE AWAY THEIR SINS.” (Romans 11:26-27 NASB)
Hurley-"Yeah, but, how's blowing up the plane protecting us?"
So we drive on over to the appointment, and I ask him about Spanish, and why the dude would call me. Jake said that he just stopped trying in class. Because he didn't get Spanish, and didn't think that he even SHOULD be required to take it. Now the truth comes out. Aspies are like this. If they don't see the benefit of something, there is no convincing that I can do to sway the childs opinion. He's decided that Spanish is stupid. And not worth his time. So he is going to sleep in class. And not try. Sigh. He said he's doing the same thing in PE. SO not good.
Later her cards contained messages of concern: “Who will help you celebrate your party? Who will say ‘happy birthday’?”
Remembering the plans from Filthy Frederick, made our way to the back of the roof where I knew to find suitable means by which to climb down. Viz. A combination of drainage, iron barred windows and narrow window ledges. Before our decent could be attempted, were set upon by more guards. Fired both my Heylin’s, thereafter, Crow and I proceeded to draw swords and, one by one, overcame them.
Even be free from the careless words of others.
The characteristics of a Hireling are:
He left with a gift basket of Pringles, and he carried it very heroically.
There are certain personality traits that make for successful entrepreneurs: brash self-confidence, drive and energy, the risk-taking of a riverboat gambler. They can even benefit from willful ignorance--of risk, for example. These traits are not uniformly prized in other areas. In this case, for example, we might note that a Google search might have disabused Nick of some strange views; and a little humility might have prevented him from offering opinions on topics he has no recent information.
Going to the Shaklee Headquarters really meant a lot to me and it makes me even more proud to work for such a great company that cares so much about people and our environment!!!
because of his persistence.
Maggie was more of a follower than a leader. She was content to stand in the stage wings and let others bask in the spotlight. I used to get so mad at her for letting others take credit for her ideas. I told her it was like working your ass off to lose 20 pounds and then continuing to wear huge shirts – no one will notice the results of all your hard work. She always said that it didn’t matter. That she knew and that was good enough.
Welcome, Konsortium of the Korner of Kiner, to the mid-point of the List of Notoriety…the “All-Star Break” of the All-Notorious Mets List.
Either way, I'm sticking to mine from now on!
Jamie Dedes, of “Musing by Moonlight,” honored me last week with the “Sunshine Award.” I love the thought that maybe I bring sunshine to the blogosphere, but as the title of my blog says, I bring quite a few clouds, too! In any event, I am touched and grateful. As I only recently responded to being “tagged,” I am going to do my best to be as original as possible and fulfill all the requirements, which include posting the Sunshine Award badge, passing the award along to ten other bloggers deserving of the award, and sharing ten things about myself.*
Also, Steampunk is a means of writing fantasy stories without having to rely on magic. I'm not a big fan of magic in stories. It makes things too easy. Magic implies that anything can happen and can damage any tension within a book as someone can wave a wand and everything is fine again. Steampunk is a means through which I can write about fantastic things (like the HELOTs for example), but not use magic as a reason for their existence. I'm not saying all books with magic are bad by any means, and there are many writers who use magic in their stories that I love, but I think it's easy to go wrong with magic.
The colours I used throughout the tag were - Scattered straw, tumbled glass, fired brick, gathered twig distress inks with some white paint thrown in. I inked various patched of the three main colours on the tag before laying a piece of sequin remnant over the top and inking the same colours again through the holes.
And me? I’m working full time and have been since August 2009. I work at one of our hospitals with a wonderful group of pharmacists. I have scaled back with my photography as it just got to be too much on top of a full time job and running around with the kids. I am still playing soccer and totally love it! Work and soccer keep me sane.
Nero
Liesl was so happy to have the family over. She gets so excited when her people are here. I had told her that they were coming so she had to go wait by the window. She knows peoples' names and gets particularly excited about the family. She starts hopping on her back legs when she sees them get out of the car. She got lots of love and attention. I think it is cool how much she loves her peeps.
Christian morality is at the heart of this decline of Western civilization. We have been so busy turning the other cheek that we did not realize that our pockets were being picked and our lands taken over by those we sought to forgive.
You Can’t Always Get What You Want
The military isn't lying--it's winning an evolving war against an evolving enemy. I worry more about our civilian leadership choosing to retreat from a winnable war than I fear the military hiding a losing war.
Note the difference in tone between Baroness Warsi and Professor Dawkins. I believe she speaks for most people in this country, for the huge number who would not call themselves very religious, but who might want a wedding or a funeral in church, and who might very well describe themselves as Christian.
Freedom...
Going mobile makes sense now more than ever. According to a recent Borrell Associates Inc. survey, 48% of SMBs said they are “somewhat likely” or “very likely” to incorporate mobile into their advertising spending this year. Yet, navigating the self-service market can be tricky. Here are five tips on what to consider as you make that decision.
At least we know the Pacers won't be in awe of Miami's big three which is good because everyone expects the Pacers to lose.
In this article are some of the normally applied terminology and words and phrases linked to secret agent surveillance Cameras, along with straightforward descriptions:
In ascending order:
U of M policy says that if employees don’t return as faculty, they are to pay back all or some of what they earned during their transitional leave. But that can be waived by the president, and routinely was by former U of M President Robert Bruininks, according to the Star Tribune. Martin is not returning to UMD, but received a waiver from Bruininks because of the amount of work she did during her transitional leave, said Chuck Tombarge, director of public relations for the U of M.
Regardless of what it truly was, we'll see how this hurt/helped Gap in the coming months.
Straight Out of a ‘Bond’ Movie
Things however changed last year when water specialist Hyflux netted $400 million – double the sum it was hoping to raise initially – from a perpetual securities issue.
I'll be sure to post again with the details of the new digs when it's ready.
LANGUAGE AND LITERACY:
This was in one of the Samuel Adams Winter Classics or Brewmasters 12 pack. I think there were 6 different beers in the pack but I can't remember anymore since I drank this beer before Christmas.
So we've finally gotten more of the fun and sexy Japanese socks and stockings up, but we all have a super special fondness for one kind in particular.
By the time we got to the highway we could see heavy rain coming down. It was an unexpected event that made our trip even more exciting and interesting!
106 of the first 108 universities established in the United States were explicitly founded for the very purpose of proselytizing the Christian faith. The intent to proselytize the Christian gospel is literally engraved on the cornerstones of every single one of our greatest universities. It was not our American founding fathers, but profoundly un-American fascists who tried to sever the historic connection between America and the religious faith that made her great.
Oh... well who cares what he thinks. I got promoted!
Once upon a time….
Long story short, while she was able to keep up a little in the beginning, I eventually made a few shots that she couldn’t. I ended up winning 3 letters to none, to bring the overall score of our challenge to 3-1 me (David).
Oh, may I cry, though body leaves the spirit,
I am not amused.
The zebra asked, "How do you know that for certain?"
Julia, Stuart and Baby Alexi’s birth story:
Tuesday morning rolls around and it’s up and out the door to head to the track. I was tired, my knees were still sore, and that sort of concerned me as the old legs would endure a lot of pounding on the track, and we were heading out 15 minutes earlier than normal (which is a big deal at 5:15 in the morning). But, a huge smile spread over my face when I went to Moxie’s food container bin, lifted the lid, and saw this:
Yeah, it would be better for this altoholic if my new Pandaran could also go and catch pets for the chorus. We’ll wait and see.
So we couldn't get out of the sale, is the short version of the story.
Noah’s Ark Zoo Farm will be doing its bit to help local birds this spring by inviting members of the public to join in making nibbles and nest boxes.
We navigated 42 creek crossings that had been rushing torrents
Off she goes again and this time I am forced to run for the cover of the Monkey Puzzle tree. Bloody spiky that tree! Again, I am undetected.
So, RIP Governor Sahab. They might curse you, celebrate your death, but they will never, ever forget you. No one will. That is the legacy men like you end up with.
pink bombshell
little gems, romaine and radicchio with blood oranges, pink navels, tangerines, pomegranate seeds, candied pistachios and parmegiano reggiano
Sam Hewitt was awarded manager's player of the year, having been narrowly pipped to the player's player award by one vote. Our evening continued at Reflex, a nightclub with a fixation with the 1980s. Dyke had arranged for us to jump the substantial queue, by putting our names of the guest list. Dyke plied us with more free alcohol, visiting the bar intermittently to return with armfuls of drink. This began to have an effect on Sam Hewitt. I knew he was in trouble when I saw him trying to dispense soap from the toilet attendant's crotch. He was still, somehow able to maintain a certain level of poise as he left the cubicle, that has come to be expected from his performances at right-back. Yes, he had a vacant expression on his face, but that was perfectly normal. However, to the sharper eye there was a tell-tale give away to his state, the main one being his shoes, which I could have sworn were were showered in flecks of vomit. I suspected most of it to be his.
First picture is the most color accurate. Sorry for the little drags, I was getting impatient.
her eight-year-old autistic son, takes up all of her time...leaving no
Protein 17.7 g
'How can I get more bacon into the the crust?'
I love this room with its pink walls and accessories, mod black chair and white table, with a traditional Windsor chair sitting in the background.
One of my former students attends Millersville and is a graduate assistant there. She invited me to speak on a subject of my choice (sometimes that can be dangerous). My presentation was titled “Business Continuity and Preparedness through Social Media”. I thought I’d share some of my presentation with you in this blog. If you want to see a copy of the PowerPoint slides, visit my LinkedIn profile where I posted a copy on Slide Share.
The ShaveWell comes with an adhesive hook, that affixes to any shower surface to hold your Fogless Mirror. Its sleek design is perfect to remove from the hook for easy cleaning, due to water build-up. For best results, simply hold the mirror under a shower stream for 2-3 seconds to eliminate fog. Perfect for men and women!!
My love for the company has only grown in recent times, as they continue to bring out fantastic new flavours and products, and all of which are fair trade, made from natural ingredients and are vegan friendly.
When the challenge closes on July 31, 2011, we will pick 10 Ginger Gems - fabulous creations that we feel really exemplify that challenge's objective. The Ginger Gems will appear in our wrap-up post and in a slide show in the blog bar for an entire week and their creators will have the honor of displaying our Ginger Gems blog badge.
Josef Albers (1 set of 12 gelatin silver prints, 1931)
It's time to shake things up. Let the Blogathon begin!
because truthfulness ranks high on their ethics and friendship scale. But, after some conversations, I have to wonder. Is the truth really what people want to hear? I have to wonder if in conversations, friendships, lessons, teachings, and oh, I’ll just omit politics, because that’s just something for someone else’s blog. I try to avoid opinions as much as I can anymore, because opinions I’ve found are little more than constant talk and little action and they stir up trouble on so many levels!
So what do those parties so aggrieved by the DA's action think of Anna Majavu? Numsa believes she is a "progressive journalist par excellence". Peter Bruce believes the DA should "publicly apologise" to her, as does the ANC caucus. Cosatu "deplores the suggestion that a former trade unionist is incapable of reporting accurately and honestly". Outside of the DA's critical comments, the possibility that she might in fact be biased was not entertained by anyone. Just to be clear, not the fact that she was biased, merely the possibility. Why is that?
Police forces that seek to become more diverse often discover they have to make an extra effort to do so. Many immigrants come from countries where police are repressive, cliquish and unwelcoming to women and minorities.
Wei’s number two gave the scouts their orders and then ordered the platoon leaders to turn toward the meadow.
Gosh, I could use some now.
OMG!! How fitting that she was singing this in a bed rather like mine....to a man who rather had a look of Pip! Oooh er.......SPOOKY!!!
Mario Kart DSMario Kart
behind, a two-wheeled
I remember coming back from the desert last summer, and wondering what the future would bring and where I would find myself. The uncertainty led me to fall in love … with Ontario. It was so startlingly lush and green after the muted tones of the desert, and everywhere I looked was just more lovely than the last. I’d always had this dream to leave Ontario, to move out to BC Nova Scotia or anywhere with gorgeous vistas around every bend of the road. While I would never rule out a move in the future, I appreciate my surroundings so much more now.
Those who have gone through this know what I'm talking about. The concept sounds simple. Find a real estate agent - that's easy, they're everywhere...someone knows someone who is a real estate agent these days. You fluff up your house, do your renos and the agent comes over for a look-see. You fill out a crap load of paper work and the agent takes some pics. A lock box is attached to your door knob and - voila! - your home is on the market.
Of course, there's no money to be had, so keep that in mind.
H/T Maggie’s Notebook…this will become a permanent go to for info on F&F…
Your blackberry Monaco Touch stands out as the second introduce belonging to the blackberry steady apart from recently experienced an alternative Tablet Computer enter it truly is rivals path. Nevertheless, your Bb Monaco Touch is placed that will require regarding this is own competing firms through possessing a number of the ideal attributes in the cellular noted to help you human race. BlackBerry are so assured while using the Blackberry mobile phones Monaco Touch which will they’re just desiring to introduce this kind of cellular phone for a technological show which can be also having any desires of your LG Optimus 3D. There exists nothing incredibly modern concerning the The blackberry Monaco Touch. It is for the most part considering that it’ll possibly be developing the very best characteristic in its part instead of quite possibly the most innovative one particular. It comprises of this loves in the 3.7 inch touch display screen that may be regarding elemen together with the retina display screen technology relating to resolution.
The New York Times: Eunuchs All Of Them Since Lunch Yesterday.
In any case, that's what's been going on. Next entries I write will either be about a NEStalgia game overview (more like a pseudo-review as it won't be very in-depth), a dream I suddenly have with the next few days, or a stroll down memory lane. I have a memory about a snow day I would love to share as I have shared it so many times.
Already, life is becoming intolerable with the Universal Social Charge, pay cuts, rising mortgage payments and even management fees on many home-owners.
13. Lip Gloss (Sephora - Natural Shine)
Siege is currently recording his Mixtape “Black Diamond Chronicles” working with producers such as The Beat Heroes out of Miami, Florida, London based producer Anno Domini and German producer Philip Grothe of MAKA Productions. He has also currently teamed up with Jedi Night Skool out of the US and is working on a EP, Title, Guest features and date of release to be announced.
Ingredient for the fillings
I hope your week is wonderful, mine will be a mixed bag, joe's Thermomix is arriving with a personal demo, joe is having a small procedure on his toe, more packing at nanas, back to work for me, drinks with friends, Anzac day, oh it's going to be a busy week.
Ridding schools of subpar teachers has become one of the signature issues of national education reformers, but the results in New York City show that, as is true in many school systems around the country, the process is not easy.
to crowd together swapping tints at a time when attempting the impossible looms in general knowledge printed on the nib of abandon - circumstantial evidence frenzy – when differing acts hold master keys to exacting small hours
At the end of the day, their actions speak much louder than their words. Playing cute games with a quiz doesn’t make their behavior or their organizations any less harmful or dangerous. In fact, all it does is add one more example to the long list of their obsessions with the gay community. Sorry, guys, but you’re homophobic to the core. Your hypocritical parlor games can’t change that.
Nature’s Bounty Vitamin or Supplement $1/1
I don't know quite how to describe it. You know how children go from loving pistachio ice cream to, all of a sudden, wanting nothing besides coffee gelato? Or how one day, that United Colors of Benetton Barbie just stops being the holy grail of all dolls, and the soccer Barbie (equipped with a leg that can score goals!) is everything you've been looking for?
A VanGogh (who, no lie, I'm into just because of Doctor Who)
Just puttering around with my Dark Sun conversion and decided to convert and post some of the more iconic monsters of the Dark Sun setting in Savage Worlds form. While I worked on that I noticed a lot of psionic powers/spells which are interesting and should certainly be converted but they don't have an easy Savage Worlds equivalent. So in addition to the monsters there are some new Savage Worlds powers inspired by the process. The powers on the monser entries marked with a * are new and are detailed at the end of the post.
Why is conflict the kiss of death for some marriages, while other marriages weather conflict and come out stronger in the end?
If we are to have real modern-day heroes then we need an overall attitude and moral adjustment. We are by no means starting over, but I think it’s important that we take a moment to reassess ourselves if we keep running so fast that we forget our history and overlook the details.
Earlier today I had the opportunity to interview Rafael Gil an organizer for Occupy Virginia Beach.
Thus, a history of unerring U.S. violence and exploitation in Haiti was consigned to the victims. “There’s no doubt,” reported Frei in the aftermath of America’s bloody invasion of Iraq in 2003, “that the desire to bring good, to bring American values to the rest of the world, and especially now to the Middle East…is now increasingly tied up with military power.”
Gumption is one of my favorite words and one I need to use this week. When I look at the last few months I have demonstrated a fair amount of gumption. Yet, I feel in the last few weeks my gumption level has decreased. Reality is there is only so many hours in a day or week to get things done. I’m lucky that I set the bar high for myself, rarely do I aim low. The flip side of that is when I don’t reach my own goals I tend to get down on myself. I’d like to thank my ex for teaching me how to pull myself up after getting beat down.
Thursday, they marked the World Press Freedom Day in the luxuriously furnished auditorium of the Sri Lanka Press Institute (SLPI). Among the speakers was Mohan Samaranayake, Chairman of Sri Lanka Broadcasting Corporation. He got that post after defaming UN Secretary General Ban Ki-moon when he was serving as Information Officer at the UN Office in Colombo. He was told to leave. RajpalAbeynayake, a lawyer and Editor of the Lakbima News. He became a Rajapaksa faithful after a UNP lawyer slapped him at the lawyers’ annual voet lights dinner for allegedly casting abuse. Mr.Abeynaike is not only a journalist. He was also a member of the Sri Lanka delegation to the Geneva United Nations Human Rights Council where they adopted a resolution against Sri Lanka sponsored by United States. He wore around his neck his official photo identity with picture et all to confirm this.
On to the story...
But then I read on. Recollection, according to Foster, ‘involves a re-collecting of ourselves until we are unified or whole. The idea is to let go of all competing distractions until we have become truly present where we are.’ Now I know, and Foster warns, that this is not an easy thing to do. But what a wonderful, healing practice to try! In our busy lives, it is so easy for us to become fragmented and scattered, with our energies dissipating this way and that, so that we almost lose our real selves in it all. As for me, I know I’m very good at skipping ahead in my mind to things coming up in the future, wondering how I will do this or that. And I’m also very good at mulling over the past, remembering the hurts or the failures or the difficult times. But the present? Well, sometimes I need to be reminded of that.
I hear bat sh!t crazy talk about fat chicks from time to time in these circles:
Dalhousie is known for its own beauty and Charm. It is an important place in Himachal for the tourists. if you plan to spend your summer vacation in Dalhousie, then you will feel that it is a perfect summer retreat. This beautiful place is located amidst the pine trees and lush green oak on the ranges of Dhauldhar. This place is so beautiful that every year thousands of tourists come to this place to rejuvenate themselves and to have an exhilarating experience. You can plan for Dalhousie tour any time in a year as it has comfortable and pleasant weather throughout the year.
Danny Saucedo is a Swedish Pop singer that came from Idol a couple of years ago. He has been writing & singing for the Pop charts ever since. The “Holy Grail” of musical talent in Sweden is Melodifestivalen, a song contest that precedes Eurovision the most celebrated song contest in the world. Danny’s past two entries have been jumpin’ Pop jams:“In the Club” & “Amazing.” Each song has been stuck in my head for the past several months & I am loving it! Then it hit me the other day. Both these songs are similar. Very similar. Eerily similar. After further research, I have come up this hypothesis:
5: Why or why not?
1 pondered
See you tomorrow for Photo Friday!
After we clear a path, I walk in to start unearthing our past, box by box. I happen to feel in my back pocket, a pair of children's safety scissors, that I had picked up in the front yard earlier, or was it yesterday? I mumbled about it at the time, but they come in handy now. I only remember packing a few things. Cast Iron pots. Cloth diaper inserts. Random things from my desk - tape, stapler, pens. I know that there are books - lots and lots of books. But, what else? Do we still need it if we don't even remember it? I know that there are more important things buried in these boxes. I know that there is more to us than a few pots and some Scotch Tape. But does it even matter anymore? Are we past the point of owning things?
Facebook or Twitter: I would choose Facebook…that is where my friends hang out.
08 Leave
Seeing Stonehenge again and the Roman Baths reminded me of being here in 1998 with my family. I think I had a better attention span this time but the sights were just as breathtaking the second time around.
the One sittirg at the right hand of the Father,
Neko Case+
7. Candles On The River (White, Argent) 7:00
I decided to call a nearby veterinary clinic, and good thing there’s one just twenty minutes away from where I live. While I am thinking how to bring Katie to the vet, I suddenly heard her meowing as she walked from the backyard all the way to the garage. Since I’ve seen earlier how weak she is, I told myself that maybe, she is getting better. I also took it as a cue to bring her to the vet (I placed her in a basket). Thanks to a cab driver living near our house, I was able to do that.
2 instrument
Instead of focusing on what you aren't good at ("I'm not a runner" or "I've got bad knees"), concentrate on what you excel at ("I walk really fast" or "I have great core strength"). Building on the positives by choosing activities that play to them will help you find your inner athlete.
Isn’t it time we all sought to support each other?
As I turned into the store lot, Carsten asked me if I would let him run in and get the milk all by himself. Here are the thoughts that went through my head when he asked me that:
Blacks are present in the highest levels of government as well. Two recent Secretaries of State, Colin Powell and Condoleeza Rice, were African-Americans. There is a Black Caucus in the House of Representatives.
Day 9 25/3/2012 (Sunday)
Here's This Diamond Ring by Nancy Sit With The Blue Lake Combo on Po-Lo 3053 from 1966:
The silver tint of the clouds of doubt,
Would Mr. Forgetful exist outside of commercial land, he would not be met with bemused smiles and an "Oh, that man of mine" shake of the head. He would be loudly reminded that if he loved his damn sunglasses so damn much, he would have been wearing them the last several days. The rock-climbing site, the cave, the rapey truck-stop bathroom -- if he had been wearing his sunglasses at any of these places, he wouldn't be wondering if he had left them behind there. So in an effort to show a quirky couple having quirky adventures in their quirky motor carriage, Subaru is hoping that no one will notice an error in logic so glaring, it causes snow blindness.
We had such a great time getting away and enjoying nature. While the snow is really fun, we are glad we only visit it once every eight years!! We are definitely desert dwellers that prefer flip flops over snow boots!
Thanks to Mira Ink for providing a review copy of this book.
and had to hunt down from a warehouse in L.A.(according to the frame supplier, we got the very last stick of this moulding).
So, til then, I will just sit here and contemplate
For Arsenal, signing a player who at the age of 26 is fast approaching a century of caps in the German national team with a record at that level of a goal every other game is impressive although playing in the wide left attacking role has diminished his goalscoring effectiveness somewhat. Tempering his record at Köln and internationally, is the dismal spell he endured at Bayern yet that ended in 2009 and no doubt Arsène took more notice of the upturn in his form over the past two seasons.
As it transpired our Tall Irishman was a proper flirt and flirted with us all, all fab five of us, and any passer-by’s too for that matter, I find that quite off-putting but in his defence he tried to get all his boys in on it as well but they were quite difficult to get going on the flirt scene. Although one of them defrosted eventually and danced a little jig and flipped Ms Attractive on her head with a Strictly Come Dancing move. There was another handsome friend of Tall Irishman whom I tried to get close to, to try my newfound flirting skills on but I was stopped at every attempt by Tall Irishman, at the time I thought it was bad timing, now maybe I’d like to think there was an ulterior motive. I was also put off by thinking that he was into Ms Attractive which always invariable seems to happen I think, or am I just being insecure? Anyhow I seem to be the more approachable, less attractive brunette who guys start flirting with to get close to the more attractive blond company I keep. Is that not often guys game plan? I think I might have read that somewhere.
Do not be put off by the word vampire. This is no Twilight, or TVD. This is not a teen, angst filled romp about boyfriends and soul mates. This is gritty, gory and grim. It is everything a vampire/dystopian book should be and a hell of a lot more. The vampires are not in this book to be liked or lusted over, they are dark and dangerous and most of them you would not want anywhere near you.
If you smoke weed however, I recommend you start with the Transmissions. Then comment. Argue. Agree. Link it to your page and start a dialogue. I can’t be the only person who wants to know the answers.
1 tsp worchestershire sauce
I found "the groper" annoying yet another group of girls. I snuck up on tip toes (he was taller, even with my golden platforms) and reached around his face with both hands, and like the Golden Buddha who could, I snatched the mustache from his lip, and left with suchness.
The palate was seductive with dry leathery characters, sweet fruit and smoky oak with excellent balance and a supple texture – 90/100 points.
Line the wok with aluminium foil to prevent ingredients sticking and burning against the wok's surface
My daughter texted her dad from the banquet about what had happened and he texted back, “That sucks”. But when we got home she didn’t want to call him because she didn’t want to get upset explaining it all over again. She opted for chilling out with me and Martin. I suggested she call him a couple of times always mindful that it is important her father be an important part of her life.
Ribbon: My Favorite Things - Pink Lemonade**
Ed Wood liked Plan Nine, but he never said it was a masterpiece. Oliver Stone would never call Alexander his best film, unless he was just being belligerent (a real possibility).
(Seems like mine did, too.)
wide, soft, slow: a sofa soul that holds
One of the complaints I had about the last Nazi exploitation film I watched, Ilsa: She Wolf of the SS, was that the skirts worn by the female SS guards weren't tailored right (they were too long, and, much to my chagrin, completely slit-free). Call my brain structure ill-conceived, but I think the reason there were so many garment issues peppered throughout that film might have had something to do with the fact that the director wasn't Italian. In other words, only someone of Italian extraction, scratch that, only someone who was born and raised in Italy, is in the position to properly comprehend the importance of perversion when it comes to ladies apparel. Well, you know what? Filmmaker Tinto Brass is Italian, and with his Salon Kitty, Nazi couture finally gets its cinematic due. Of course, there's little doubt in my mind that certain members of the audience will be offended by this movie, which at times seems to be masquerading as some kind of fascistic fashion show, but for those who appreciate things that are frightfully du jour, this film is the awkward tribute to totalitarian chic you've been waiting for. I've said once and I'll say it again, the only reason Nazism was in anyway popular as a movement was because of their uniforms. And not those brown, terribly drab outfits they sported during their early days, no, I'm talking about the iconic/infamous all-black uniforms worn by members of the SS (Schutzstaffel), the movement's notorious paramilitary force. They made the person wearing them seem cool, despite the fact that he or she was probably the complete opposite of cool, yet it was this perceived coolness that usually lead them to have delusions of grandeur.
Proton’s net profit had plunged 86.6% year-on-year to RM20.1mil for its first financial half ended Sept 30 compared with a RM150.6mil net profit a year earlier, while revenue was slightly lower year-on-year at RM4.497bil compared with RM4.5bil a year earlier.
“You are?” he asked doubtfully.
In addition, there’s an "Alepedia" that provides information about six different beers the agency has created, including Arnold Pilsner. According to a spokesperson, the agency "also has experimented with a variety of ale styles, and will be able to brew beer styles specific to seasons, events, people and even clients."
Advantage: Can be done easily
She said to me (probably more than once) that life should be lived with no regrets. The irony in that sentiment is that one of the reasons I chose to date her was because I didn’t want to regret letting something so great slip away. Now… well, you know. I hesitate to call our relationship a mistake, but regret abounds.
So here we were with an 18 month old and a 4 year old. The parental rights had been terminated, the birth parents had signed their rights over months before we got them. However, they had extended family fighting for them. I can’t divulge the confidential information, but if you are a convicted felon, my state will not give you custody. They were all convicted felons.
But the verses in Isaiah were not talking about the oneness of unity. In the book of Isaiah, the LORD is saying that there was no one else, which is indeed a “oneness”, but only because “there is none else.” How could this be?
The title of this episode comes from the High Sierra Carpeting radio jingle that golden-voiced Deputy Jones (Cedric Yarbrough) is paid $200 to warble, with residuals (or so he thinks). Naturally the hypothetical money and adulation go to his head, and he sings this very line throughout the episode, much to the chagrin of his partner Deputy Garcia (Carlos Alazraqui, aka the voice of the Taco Bell dog). Hubris reigns supreme and because the Reno Sheriffs' Department is always down on its luck, comes back to haunt Jones--after he fails to pay a bar tab, of course. The B plot, which involves Lt. Dangle (Tom Lennon) and Deputies Travis Junior and Trudy Wiegel (Robert Ben Garant and Kerri Kenney-Silver, respectively) trying to solve a drug-related murder, has the most hilarious Arby's product placement this side of Fargo.
Take a brisk walk
Gram dal - 1 cup
Which isn't to say that I haven't stuck a toe into the maternity arena. I went down to the local thrift store to see what maternity clothes were to be had, and it was a quick lesson in aversion therapy. Everything was either ugly, gigantic, shapeless, frumpy, or a combination thereof. While I feel sympathetic to the women who, I imagine, were strong-armed into such garments solely by the forces of circumstance and practicality, I hope to not end up in such desperate straits. (But really, who's to say? One thing I've learned in being a full-time incubator is that there is not a lot under your control.)
The “Man, Just Move On. Nobody Will Notice if You Stop Pointing it Out” Response
I backed the quilt in the cutest flannel by Northcott called Forest Friends.
Or all the maturing I have done,
Weapons of unvanquished war.
Lightly grease 13x9 pan. Combine paprika, ground peppers,
But, it was worth it. I think.
The police officers were polite and prompt. But what irritated me the most is the attitude of the police wherein they were unwilling and uninterested in pursuing the hit-and-run driver! There is absolutely NO intention to punish the scoundrels!!!
I saw a news story a while back that intrigued me because it suggested evidence for what I’ve suspected for a very long time… That it’s what you eat that matters… not how much of it that you consume.
He looked dancing like I feel swimming.
Beanie Babies. These small creatures pretty much represent the decade. You had cats, dogs, penguins, unicorns, even a bear named ‘Princess Diana‘ … which I had … and it was probably worth hundreds of dollars. Why, you might ask now in 2012? I honestly have no idea. What is even more mind-boggling is the TEENIE Beanie Baby craze at McDonalds. Fast food is disgusting enough, but I really don’t want to know how many Happy Meals I put in my stomach… and how many drive-thru lines I waited in my mom’s mini van for 30+ minutes… just to get a stupid stuffed animal the size of my hand. WHY?
'Tad*,' I took another breath and proceeded with calm. 'Who is the girl whose hair is being venerated in your bedroom?'
“Please, no, please!” pleaded Olivia.
We all know that DLA and social care cuts are going to result in more disabled people being institutionalised. When the money to fund independent living is taken away you have no choice but to acquiesce to being banged up. Tonight's Panorama is one of many recent examples of how horrific institutionalisation is. Remember Winterbourne View?
For moms who love interior design and want their kids to have a nice space too, Nina of Black Rooster Decor has a charming suggestion — the Kids' Ghost Chair! Molded from polycarbonate and UV resistant (making it useable outdoors too), the Kids' Ghost Chair is available in transparent hues of blue, red and purple. Available for preorder now for June delivery — with free shipping within Ontario, too!
“Bit early, isn’t it?” I suggest.
Now for some more eye candy, take a stroll on over to StampFairy World and see the gorgeous work from my fellow StampFairies. I know you'll be inspired by their creations.
Entering into:
Is Fitzpatrick the answer to the Bills’ decade long woes? Well, the Bills put large stock into Fitzpatrick this week in the hopes that yes, he is the answer. One thing I know is that the Bills are in their best position since 2004 to make a late season run at the playoffs. There are ten games left and the Bills will probably need 6 more wins, which would keep up the pace from the first 6. Is Fitzpatrick the man that will take him to the promise land? The Bills’ brass think so, and we will all soon find out.
Ms. Brown informed police that she could not walk into the police station, so she was indignantly dragged by her arms into the station. They left her lying on the floor of a cell, and she passed away fifteen minutes later.
These simple coconut flour cookies are easy to make, soft and chewy , and of course gluten free. I love using coconut flour for baking. It has an interesting taste that is rich. moist, and creamy. It is also very high in fiber and has five times the fiber of brown rice flour. Fiber makes snacks more satisfying and filling and keeps our system moving. I also used palm sugar which is lower on the glycemic scale than regular sugar and lower in carbs.
This is incurable and maintenance is key. I will start chemo at the beginning of the new year and life will continue to change as I have known it.
I would usually paint the inside, but I took a page out of the pro's book and just did what you would see. And, I was lazy.
Deryn Mentock I'm blessed in that my creative groove seems to live with me constantly. My art time is limited so I usually get after it without much preparation.
so present the best plan in that ballpark”? I suspect the latter.
8.) CEMETERY STOMP – The Essex
Good job she will be there for three years!
which has been controlled by Knights of Malta such as Frank Carlucci
1 wrist
On their trek through the jungle stunned Ben remarks to the gang about Ilana and Jacob, "Kinda makes ya think, Ilana being handpicked by Jacob, trained to come and protect "you candidates", no sooner does she tell them who they are, then she blows up. "The Island was done with her. Makes me wonder what's gonna happen when it's done with us."
It is hard to believe that Antifa had any more freedom of movement, literally or figuratively, than the German authorities allowed it. It is terrible news for Germany that its government is sanguine about the notion of large gangs of hard-left criminals dictating what can and cannot take place on its streets, but this is more indicative of the current state of German party politics than any intrinsic capabilities of Antifa.
First comes love, then comes marriage….but in between there is usually a proposal in the mix. Nic knew that Erica loved Hawaii and often mentioned she would love one of those fruity coconut drinks. So Nic was scheduled to be in Honolulu and arranged to fly Erica out to join him. Before she got there, Nic had been to a Luau and met a local artist that hand painted coconuts. He arranged to have one painted with “Will you marry me?” on the shell so when Erica ordered her coconut drink, it would be one with a special message. The plan was in place, including dinner on the beach and friends in the bushes with cameras ready to catch the moment.
And my mind is still buzzing about the Defensive Pistol class: like if a bunch of stupid #OWS asshole-anarchists in black hoods showed up in The Neighborhood with Molotov cocktails, which one do you shoot first? Do you do the Col. Cooper thing and pepper them in the legs with .22LR rounds to make it hurt badly enough to disperse? Or do you do the Stand By Me thing, Ace: What are you gonna do? Shoot us all? Gordie: No, Ace. Just you...
But modern life defiles a tree
Seven years ago when I entered graduation, my father handed me the first mobile phone of my life. It was not a really great phone in terms of the ones we see today. There wasn’t any camera, MP3 player, 3G etc. It was just a normal Nokia phone which could be used to do the basic functions like making a call, using the GPRS, sending an SMS etc. Since then a lot has changed in the world of Nokia as its market share in India plummeted from about 90% to 30-35% today. But nothing changed in my world of mobile phones until a week back.
-Are we really actually helping a child?
Why would I want to when I had found the absolute love of my life?
“I’m amazed that you love me, I’m amazed that you care. Through your precious blood I’ve found pardon and my sins are washed, they’re all washed away. All my sins are washed away.”
-kellie
not a shadow in site
Cover Chatter: The chapter illustrations are lovely grayscale little death's head images which show up on the cover on Tomas' t-shirt. Death the character is kind of freaky, but the little image is from a helpful book and makes me want that t-shirt.
Where are our cup finals held?
I remember the unease I felt when I heard those words above. Preemptive action? Were we about to attack somebody? Someday someone may astutely observe that that was the moment America began her slow slide into chaos.
Croutons
There on the bridge was a slender figure leaning on the parapet, looking down at the dark water.
We are having our moms over for a bbq in the evening and my hubby promised to clean the house and do all the cooking. All in all, sounds like a great day. :)
‘No, these are not videos from Egypt or Libya. This was the Catz Pyjamas restaurant in Melville, South Africa…’
The show begins to great fanfare and is it just me or does Tom Bergeron always laugh whenever Brooke Burke Charvet says her name? I mean, I personally can’t help roll my eyes, no matter how many times I hear her say that tongue twister of a name and I’m glad to see that Tom agrees with me.
Those cartoon characters never aged of course, and it occurs to me that the Tramp never did, either. He certainly evolved, though not that much. And Chaplin obviously grew older. But Chaplin’s physical gifts remained, and the pancake makeup, mustache and hat still stuck, so there isn’t much to distinguish the Tramp in Kid Auto Races from the Tramp in Modern Times (1936). He’s eternal. Maybe he mellowed a little. But mostly, we mellowed to him.
-GYST Alumni Ari Kletzky was the subject of an extensive article on the front page of the LA Times Sunday Arts section. His featured Islands of LA project was developed over the course of our GYST workshop. Kletzky (who has a BA in business) recently quit his day-job at a loan agency and was accepted into Cal Art’s Fine Arts MFA program.
A good friend of mine is studying to be a sommelier, and I enlisted her help in plotting out a plan of attack. She kindly reviewed the vendor list and provided me with detailed written instructions on which vendors and specific wines would be good to try. This information proved crucial, and I printed an extra copy for my stalwart companion who dubbed it our "cheat sheet."
So the idea that it is possible to get your kid into a decent school where they might learn how to read, write and add up and not get lessons in economics from drug dealers without me having to pretend I’m a religious sexually repressed nutcase will figure far more highly on my list of priorities and not pubs, beer & cheap lout. Having said all that, God knows where I’m putting my cross. Does it count if you draw a knob rather than put a cross? So long as the cock and balls is clearly indicating a preference for one candidate and is in one of the boxes and doesn’t cross over into another, it ought to? I think Dave is more appealing than Gordon. I prefer Cable to Darling, but prefer Darling to Osborne. I am entertained by UKIP and Nigel Farage’s impression of a pub bore, son of gypsy immigrants Nick Griffin gives me the creeps with his freaky eye more than offensive view of the world, but it’s not really a popularity contest is it? Not even a contest on which leaders’ missus is more nailable. But on that score, Nicks missus (after 4 Stella’s), Sam Cam (after half a box of cheap white wine), and then Mrs Brown (after a bottle of Tesco value vodka mixed with class A drugs). You had to know.
According to a study Karmally co-authored in the Journal of the American Dietetic Association, people who add just three grams of soluble fiber to their diets each day (the research team used three-fourths of a cup of whole-grain oat cereal, three times daily) can lower their LDL levels by five percent in six weeks.
The Mets fielded Ike at first; Tejada at second; Reyes was at his usual short as was Wright at third. Chris Carter started in left; Pagan in center and Fernando Martinez was tasked with right field duties. On the mound was Mike Pelfrey and behind the dish is where Josh Thole could be found.
I hope this is food for thought, and that something may come out of it. We've talked about it for years - lets actually do something. Lets show respect for other licensees, even if we don't agree with their priorities, and lets use our authority as the only group that only speaks for licensees to get our point across clearly. And lets do it democratically, honestly and above board. The time for the tide to change is now - and nobody else will work for our livelihoods.
Preheat oven to 400 degrees. Chop sweet potatoes and apples into approximately 1/2" cubes. Divide potatoes and apples evenly among to two ramekins, divide cranberries among baking dishes. Add half of the cider to each ramekin. Combine spices in a small dish and sprinkle over potato mixture. Toss to combine.
Gehry said:
Just relaxing.
I guess that it was a pretty good day for the consortium, come to think of it.
Every year the American Church in Paris has loads of holiday events, including Christmas Eve services, but the candlelight Christmas concerts are by far my favorite. The music is beautiful and completely worth the trip. Plus, Christmas caroling at the end is a blast!
Jintan: M… Moment!
Whose alabaster wounds are scantily dressed
On a plane, on the grass, on my hiking path in front of me, no matter where I find them, I am afraid of snakes. Snakes have a bad rap because of the whole Adam and Eve thing and I don’t want to underestimate that. They’re the devil!
Still not convinced? Then put a plastic drop cloth whatever you're sitting on and prepare to have your mind blown, because NASA also found the Death Star.
For writers, sell sheets are single page flyers/brochures that sell the audience on their book. I learned that sell sheets are my friend. I use them to focus my writing and my marketing efforts.
Later when I was uploading pictures I came across three like this
fighting for your life pretty
As its title suggests, When Cooperation Fails has two distinct aims. The specific empirical aim is to provide a definitive and theoretically informed account of one of the most bitter and politically charged international disputes of the past two decades, between the United States and the European Union over the regulation of genetically modified foods and crops. Our theoretical aim, however, goes far beyond the specifics of the GMO case: indeed, we seek to contribute to literatures in international law and international relations that identify the sources of international regulatory and trade disputes, the obstacles to successful cooperation, the interaction of hard- and soft-law international regimes, and the role of WTO dispute settlement in managing conflict.
From the Mercato, we will take a short walk to Piazza Santa Maria Novella, dominated by the homonymous church, and once serving as the track for the Palio dei Cocchi, chariot races, organized by Cosimo I. The church of Santa Maria Novella is the home of the Dominicans. The lower half of the façade is in Romanesque style and was started in the 1300s. Leon Battista Alberti finished the façade, adding a classically inspired Renaissance top that created a Cartesian plane of perfect geometry.
Congrats! Send me an e-mail with your shipping info, Linda, and I'll send you the kit ASAP. You fin my e-mail adress in the right hand bar.
It was a spectacular afternoon.
with this canning newbie???
After layering the perfect shirt in tartan and a red gingham shirt together I decided to try layering the Boy shirt in Quincy tartan with a chambray shirt. I'm really liking the double shirted look! I bought the Quincy tartan shirt in store for $20 during the holiday break--I was so glad that my size was left.
It would also be nice if people would move away from the idea that Christian=X type of home learning, and Atheist=other X type of homeschooling. That's slotting followers of a specific religion (or holders of a specific label) into a box, and not taking into account the complexities of each individual, why they decided not to send their children to school (or not to go to school themselves), their relationships with each other, etc. There are radically unschooling Christians, and there are rigidly classically homeschooling Pagans. I'd personally like the focus to stay firmly on the important things: are they happy? Are families living together with love and respect? Or, are they striving to live that way (since it can be pretty hard to actually achieve at times, as I well know)? Because isn't that what's important?
3. NLT se: Probably the most readable dynamic/ functional translation without crossing the line into paraphrase.
The Teenage Archetype deck created by Jennifer Hereth is an invaluable therapy tool. The eighty-eight cards for working with teenagers were created by over fifty different artists, but I have been using them in my therapy practice for teens and adults. The images are powerful and moving. I have used them as a check-in and checkout tool. Clients pick a card that resonates for them to fit how they are feeling when they walk in and then another when the session is over. On the weekend I taught a Level One Focusing and Art Therapy group and the group picked a card at the beginning of the day and then later after they had their Focusing practice session to represent the part of them that they were focusing with. They are great cards to do self-inquiry and self-discovery work. They can be used to do Family Systems work, relationship work, and in many more ways. They are a good starting point for clients to understand and explore archetypal work. Jennifer has created a wonderful therapy tool. I have taught archetype groups for years and I know how
The top of the heap in tomatoes is the slicer. Everyone has their own favorite. Some large slicers that are popular like Brandywine, Pineapple, and Cherokee Purple take a long time to ripen. They can be done successfully here in the northeast, but in bad years they can also be a failure. My suggestion is to plant some shorter season plants (70 days or less to maturity) in addition to the longer season ones to hedge your bets. Disease resistant hybrids like Celebrity can also be useful, though I'm more fond of the open pollinated plants because I like to save seed from year to year. Currently my favorite early slicer is Market Miracle which did well in last year's bad weather. It is a Russian heirloom. Many of the Russian tomatoes do well in colder climates. (Note: there seem to be more than one kind of Market Miracle tomatoes. Mine are the 6-8oz variety not the 2-3 oz.)
· Proficient knowledge of Core Java, J2EE, and application servers such as WebLogic
As early as 4, I wanted my hair short. Like most kids, I went and found some scissors and cut my own hair then my mom had to let me keep it. I grew it back out and then started to perm it throughout the 80s. I started to highlight it in the late 90s (it was dirty blonde my whole life till then) and let it grow really long till the summer between my sophomore and junior years of college. I was an AFROTC cadet at Troy University so I kept it long till after I got back from my month and half long field training (officers equivalent of boot camp) in Florida. When I graduated from the training, I came home and chopped off a good 18 inches! See pictures below.
Boys In A Band (FO)
Leta Benedict is teaching a doll on Oct. 14th, & 15th. We voted to only have her teach the two days.
Craptastic, BS 12345-6789
The poets and writers whom Alfred had known was simply astonishing, and by “knew” I do not mean as acquaintances, but as people with whom he had had a long-term communication with. He had exchanged letters with Gertrude Stein. The chair that I was occupying, he pointed out, was T.S. Eliot’s favorite when he visited Cambridge. Eliot, whom most people have described as a distant man and thoroughly British in manner, was, as Alfred assured me, a profoundly compassionate and sensitive man. I would read years later about the meeting between Groucho Marx and T.S. Eliot, which proved the point. Groucho was painfully aware of his lack of formal education and felt intimidated meeting Eliot in London. Eliot invited Marx to dinner and treated Groucho with such kindness that he never forgot it.
+ 4 Primary Weapons, 4 Secondary Weapons and 4 Airships can be unlocked over the course of your escape
Defects of doubt, and taints of blood;
The good thing about not being one of the world’s best-known brewers is that when brewing stops, there aren’t thousands of disappointed customers hammering on the door, and I don’t feel I have let anyone down.
As to the matter of legal proceedings, the article, above is not quite accurate. Fakhra’s family sought to prosecute Khar for attempted murder. The case came to trial in 2003. Although four witnesses testified to seeing Khar enter Fakhra’s home on the day of the attack, all later retracted their statements.
Later, he asked his dad what he said that day that finally got through to him.
I used the opportunity to make a wedding card for my friends daughter. She's getting married next year and she will be using sunflowers. She's marrying her childhood sweetheart from school so this LOTV stamp and inkakinkadoo sentiment stamp was just PERFECT!!!
So how much luck do we get and when does it run out?.
Chair : Pottery Barn Comfort Swivel Glider and Pottery Barn white twill with stone piping slipcover. Cost: free - gift for my birthday. (It's amazingly comfortable). Pillow : Marshall's $15.
And, strangely, his ideas were even less sophisticated than the ideas he claims to supersede: the ideas of Adorno et al. (1950). The Adorno work did at least attempt to measure conservatism and authoritarianism separately so that any association between them could be examined empirically. They did it very badly but they did at least make an attempt at it. Altemeyer made no such attempt. He just assumed what he had to prove: that conservatism and authoritarianism were intimately associated. There can be no advancement in knowledge from "research" like that.
Time of need
Trigger warning.
624310 Vocational rehabilitation services
That I am not embracing
Now the authors consider these tests suggestive but not conclusive, saying this:
This Transportation Package includes your car and one driver …
First, remove the stopper from the drain and clean out any hair, grime, buildup and yuk from it. Then pour baking soda down it, followed by the vinegar. It will “erupt”, breaking up the gunk. Run hot water down the drain, and repeat the process until there’s no more crud backing up and water runs down the drain easily.
I painted the edge of the table peach to match the valance edging. Then to tie the chandelier in, I painted some of the crystals peach too. I feel like painting more of them peach and coral could've given it more of a "punch"...
The seventies and early eighties were simpler times. There were no personal computers, so unless you went to the mall for a video arcade, there was no way to waste endless hours virtually. There were of course after school sports, and clubs, and the time honored just hanging out with your friends. But a generation of New York kids came home to a handful of things that unite us still: The 4:30 Movie on ABC; cartoons or syndicated shows (like F-Troop !) on WPIX; and NBC's Live at 5, when in began in 1980, with Sue Simmons,
This year’s theme for the TLC Trauma Practitioner’s Assembly is “Experience Matters.” This is a very fitting theme since it encapsulates the whole principle behind sensory trauma intervention. The traumatic situation should not be the primary focus when providing trauma intervention. Instead, focus on how the child perceives he or she experienced the event. Using the exact intervention technique is not what brings the most healing. It is the experience of the intervention and trauma specialist.
And she saw the radical reversal of the social structures of her day when “the arrogant” and “sovereigns” would be brought down, when “the lowly” would be “exalted” and “the hungry” would be “filled with good things” (verses 51-53).
This year I will have more client books coming out than any previous year, and I cannot wait to tell you about each of them. One of my resolutions is to be better about updating my website!
Sadly, the rest of the evening was a teensy bit of a blur. Absolutely no connection whatsoever with gin and anyone suggesting otherwise will be facing a libel suit.
Maybe this will be the boost the Black Film Circuit needs in order to inspire big name production companies to pick up on African-American independent films. Maybe the release of Red Tails was just that, or the upcoming release of Act Like a Lady, Think Like a Man. What ever it is I hope this slowly growing trend of all black movie casts & creators is back & here to stay.
Bertolli, Ragu pasta sauce or Skippy peanut butter 3/$5 -$1/2 Skippy Peanut Butter Product, (RP 07/31/11)
Mya loves to play dress up. Mya loves being a kid. Mya still sucks her thumb at bedtime and loves to sleep in Mommy's bed. Mya is my rock and Eddie and I love being Mya's parents.
On paranoia: “It’s essential as a sensibility and it’s disastrous as a world view.” — Jonathan Lethem
Because the rod pieces aren't all the same thickness, the pockets aren't all the same widths. The 24" pocket is 3" wide, the neighboring 30" pocket is 2" wide, and the final two 30" pockets are 1" wide each.
So when I recently bought the John Byers Classic car stamps I was over the moon with the Mini one. I decided it had to be a slider card and it was great fun to make.
This of course, aside from being absolutely ridiculous, gives the sofa company an enormous amount of free PR.
The graceful sweep
Our ancestors constantly drew conclusions about their environment based on limited evidence. Waiting for causative evidence could have proved costly, whereas extrapolating causation from correlation was less costly.
21 Ari Slauson W Castaic, CA 14:29.7 45:01.95
I decided that it was time for me to haul out my Cricut and cut out a tag for today's project. I've used A Cuppa by Elisabeth Bell for SCACD. Isn't she darling? And look... she already has her Starbuck's Hot Cocoa!!!
Last week we wrote about the United Kingdom’s Legal Services Commission’s (LSC) plans to implement significant cuts to its current budget for legal aid. The budget cuts are expected to cause the number of family law firms offering legal aid to fall from 2,400 to 1,300.
Okay,so you want to know how to enter,right?
You have to understand how this works before you can do anything else, so let’s start here. If you find this too confusing you should first go read my explanation on how astrology works, and then return to this article.
'In a Brown Study' Des Hughes 2011
I’ve been very fortunate in the last 15 months. I’ve survived a significant illness, found a way to lose weight, and received national recognition for a marketing campaign. I see in this evidence of God’s assistance. I was blessed with an excellent surgeon, fortunate to find information that helped me lose weight, and grateful to work as part of a bright, award-winning team of professionals.
So thank you, kind sir, for the music.
A three-member panel of the board will hear arguments from Smith, his attorneys, and attorneys for the state of Montana. The board also will hear public testimony.
And to a small child, seeing a violent act without the real-life consequences of pain and emotional hurt is totally normalizing that behaviour and making it seem like it's not big deal.
Sever L. Epidemiologic evidence for toxic effects of occupational and environmental chemicals on the testes. Thomas JA, Colby HD (Eds.). Endocrine Toxicology. 2nd Ed. 1997: 287-326.
So I was up in Cleveland this past weekend with some friends that I grew up with in the hood and a buddy of mine was discussing about how everything he does in his life, he couldn’t imagine going into it without his cell phone. At the time when he said that it made me think, in actuality what did adults in the 22 to 30 demographic do with their life, we have become so involved with our phone that it is insane
This last comment stuck with me and was followed up by a tweet from BBC Sports journalist and commentator Liam McCleod announcing that a BBC social media policy forbade staff from responding to individuals and RTs.
Father’s approaching him
He said he’s excited about what God is doing in response to the violence – so excited, in fact, that he isn’t frightened and doesn’t want to leave.
On Friday, however, Symphony Space teamed up with the ongoing PEN World Voices literary festival to stage a day-long event surrounding How to Get Started. The event featured not only professional artists like writer Etgar Keret and musician/founding member of Kronos Quartet David Harrington, but also three audience members, picked at random, all doing their own renditions of Cage's work.
fledged---on June 9, we watched in awe as MISINBETWEEN
Keep covered, and just before serving, sprinkle coriander leaves.
and whisper-stones
Where I took part in several challanges which included a "Swap a Kit" but a "Swap a photograph" this really interested me especially as the photograph's I put in were ones I had had taken a year a go but never got around to scrapping......didn't seem right
Plotting workshop on Friday, guys! See you then.
desires get sidelined, though, when she overhears two fellow students planning a church massacre. She doubts cops will follow up on her tip since they're sick of her coming around with notions of possible crimes-in-the-works. And it's not like she cries wolf. Not really. They'd be freaked too, but they're not the ones suffering from bloody dreams that hint at disaster like some crazy, street guy forecasting the Apocalypse. So, she does what any habitual winner with zero cred would do...try to I.D. the nutjobs before they act.
Today is another Friday full with five interesting facts! I thought it would be necessary to start out the day educating you with today’s national holiday. If you have an interest with playing musical instruments, you may go HAM with this fact!
Hey! I know someone already. Moore, the former UConn star, will be leading the U.S. women to a basketball title.
It really means the WORLD to me...! Hugs...xoxo
I have been chewing on this bon mot for a few days. There has been much going on in the alternate universe that is Gumbo's Brain, much of it fueled by the relentless pressure of the Job Hunt. As the saying goes, looking for a job is a full-time job. It isn't physically strenuous, but mentally, it can really abrade the contact surfaces, you dig? On the good days, it is a faint fatigue on the soul. On the bad days...well, then it is like a big bag of wet cement laid across the head and shoulders. It is heavy, and it presses you into the floor. A big bucket o' suck, it is.
Take our degraded art and literature: it is for talented people to re-link with spiritually uplifting art and re-grow it. For example, in Poetry, re-link with our original Anglo-Saxon forms such as the beautiful internal rhyme of alliteration, whereas end rhyme is dull and monotonous; or, Medieval because of the importance of Ballads as a vehicle to convey our suffering under our elected representatives who are against us. The matter of Robin Hood and the Sheriff of Nottingham is precedent.The family is exemplified in Monarchy. The institution of Monarchy is the embodiment of the nation and the Monarch is on our stamps, our court cases are Regina v X; we walk and drive on the Queen’s highway. The throne goes automatically to her successor. It is not the person but the office. The king is dead long live the king. It is continuity but also has a deep archetypal import that touches our deepest instincts. The natural form of Government is absolute Monarchy. It is the summum bonum of our family system and the family is its reflection. King and Queen are Father and Mother of the nation. Our current royal family are badly advised and reflect the general chaos instead of setting an example. I once read that the Queen Mother liked Ali G! This is propaganda to make them more ordinary in deference to demands by the tabloids and their global-elite owners but has made them contemptible. We must begin working towards absolute monarchy. They have archetypal importance to their people and a relationship with the whole nation not certain classes and factions.
LB/ak
I know the Scriptures, or at least I thought I did, but she really ignited a hunger for them fresh & new, and made me realize that the blessings are really only promised to the "doers" of the Word, not just the "hearers". It's not enough to know and believe in the Bible verses, it has to be applied knowledge. You may think this sounds obvious, but you'd be surprised how many of us have acted as if believing that the Word was true, was our only responsibility, and that God was going to swoop down and take care of the rest! The truth is, Jesus already came down...and He did all He was going to do...on the cross! Did He not say "It is finished"? Now, it's up to us to take hold of all the promises and provisions that were made on the cross. All we have to do is line up in agreement with the Word of God on any particular issue, and it's an already done deal.
I used two coats and it was a dream to apply (in my opinion, shimmers are hard to find with a decent formula compared to cremes - or maybe I've just had bad luck).
Me (taking a deep breath to fuel my diatribe): I don't know how I'm supposed to enjoy, or even find a redeeming quality, in a movie that's so overtly misogynistic! I mean, for the love, every single female character in the movie was reduced to tits & ass!!
So today feeling weird and unknown could just be that.
Afterwards everyone just mingled, they all came up to me to say their condolences. Some I’d not seen in 20+ years and was amazed how they’d found out. Like I said, bad news travels fast. I appreciated them all. My stupid brother-in-law who’d always had a love/hate relationship with Rob inappropriately whispered in my ear that everyone was coming up to him saying how sorry they were about Rob, and then he said “I’m not!”.
I don't want to preach about health, and taking care of yourself like i'm an expert on the matter--i'm not. But I think it's an important thing to consider. If you fatigue halfway through your shift, have you ever asked yourself why? Did you eat enough? Did you sleep at all? Are you on your third hangover this week? How many ways are you shooting yourself in the foot?
For those of you who don’t like my books, that’s fine, but please don’t write a dismissive review based on what the books are not. My books are not romances, (though all contain a romance of sorts) so do not expect them to follow the genre conventions for romance novels. My books are not apocalyptic, so do not expect them to follow the conventions for such stories. If you need a tag for the novels, call them thrillers, call them suspense, call them conspiracy novels, or you can call them “typical Bertram.”
We would like to thank Retro Cafe Art Galley for their generous sponsorship throughout this month! Carrying collage sheets and images in a variety of formats, altered art supplies, fabulous vintage finds and more, Retro Cafe Art Galley is a great destination for any altered artist or collage enthusiast!
The escalators stop at various levels. Enjoy the view and go up again. At the top, 12th storey, is a restaurant, mini garden and fountain. Snap away with the cameras. At the point of taking the pictures, storm clouds are brewing in the horizon so the pictures are a bit dark.
I used dimensionals on the hat and added a piece of embroidery floss for the mittens.
Considering devices like the iPhone (the Freeloader is suggested for use with iPads, Blackberrys and iPods) use very little energy to be charged, I think I will stick to my iPhone charger as the cable and plug are small, light weight, come with the phone and using that bit of kit it only takes just over an hour to charge my phone from the mains supply.
Actually there is none.... Just some college band I played in... maybe I'm just experience that period now!!!
May is packed with marvelous projects from our creative columnists and our glorious guest artists.
· Good knowledge of NT/Unix and Linux operating systems
After the people talked for a while and Mom made everyone get in a funny bunch all close together where she pointed that thing she carries on a strap at us, we started walking the trail. There really were too many people.
They will never see the life in your hands and you can never expect them to understand."
Explanations – are suppose to explain
Meanwhile, DRB-Hicom did not acknowledge that it is keen on buying into the national carmaker. The conglomerate had last week denied the speculation of it acquiring an equity stake in Proton.
Watch White Heat, which is a fabulous old film about cops and gangsters, and watch how they use the cutting edge technology of the time, the 1940′s. Today, all the information that the cops are getting is available in far less interesting ways.
October 6, 2010
I still won't know gender for a few weeks at least, so decided to opt for something delightfully gender neutral to begin Peanut's clothing stash and made this Noggin hat. The advantages to making tiny things for little babies as that they really come together quickly. I think this took half a skein of Lion Brand Wool-ease, and just over 2 hours to finish.
51. Deleted Waverform Gatherings-Pretty Escape (Rainbow Quartz)
It makes me itchy all over just thinking about it. Obviously the sleep chairs are slept on by people from all sorts of living conditions and they are fabric. This has always been a grin and bear it situation---emphasis on bear it! I've always been a bit creeped out by the chairs and you would all probably laugh at my layering routine of blankets, sheets, Thermarest, and pillows before I sleep on them. I typically have at least 5 layers that amount to a few inches on top of the chair cushions. It's borderline "Princess and the Pea." The only problem is that I have no way to really cover/insulate the arms or exterior of the chair. One of the housecleaning ladies cleaning the room we were moved to said she was surprised they could be infested because they wipe them down with an antibacterial wipe. Obviously she's never really looked at the chair with the possibility of having to sleep on it. They are sometimes stained and food and candy wrappers are often stuffed in the cracks. I tried to kindly mention the fact that wipes don't kill the bugs that make their way through the fabric and into the cushions.
The first week of April is coming to a close now, and I’m still pretty confident. My script is a bubbling pile of inspiration, covered in scribbles and doodles, filled with scenes that I need to re-arrange and slim down, and the beauty of it is, I don’t really mind right now. I’m having loads of fun, and just getting the plot down in all of it’s winging-it glory. I’m battling my inner editor and whacking it over the head with a stick, but I’m repressing it enough to not go back, scribble all over things and rewrite them in white-out pens over the black mass of scribbles. I know that I’ll be typing out my script and wondering what the hell I was thinking when I wrote this here and let this happen over there and left this idea off somewhere else, but that’s the fun of it. I’m just letting my pen vomit my ideas all over a page, and I regret nothing. This way of doing things is very inspiring, honestly – letting the inspiration flow and take me everywhere it wants to is getting more work done than I usually do when forcing everything into the direction I already decided. A breath of fresh air, I suppose?
Why was the place of God’s presence in the tabernacle hidden from view? Because God is so holy that no one can look upon His glory and live. No one can approach our holy God without a sacrifice of blood to atone for sin.
and looms…
Eeeeeeeehhhhhhh! A mouse!!
bless your home.
Today's post is another installation of my trip to Japan. I'm coming to the end of these posts- I feel quite sad. However, it's nice to relieve these memories, and this particular day was one of my favourites.
Will you vote (presidentialCandidate) or (anotherPresidentialcandidate)? A good friend from my hometown in Mindanao asked me through text (SMS).
Jesus was taught by God. Jesus made many words of God clear and explained how we should study and understand the Word of His Father to whom we also had to pray to receive guidance and daily bread.
How do you plan to respond? What are you willing to say, in public where
This book looks at the lives of biblical characters and what it was about them, their attitude, faith and actions that made them extreme followers of God. I hesitate to say Christian because some of these people are Old Testament people.
Something like that. He’s so busy I’m not convinced he knows what his job title is.
First the card, well I am not sure I don’t think I will ever need it. I would only need it if I need glasses or dental work and I don’t know if the plan would either work in Brazil. So send it if you want to but I am not sure If I can use it here.
Just used some paper clay added the wooden toothpick legs into the bottom
Unibroue Éphémère (Apple)
Reid: neither do I
Anna also loves dogs. Thank goodness! It would have been a real fuckup if she loved cats. Or parrots. Or any non-dog animal.
They work on a very long time clock in Spain. Start filming at 12 midday. I suggest at 3 p.m. that ED might need a little rest and maybe some lunch. Finally at 3.30 p.m. they give her some lunch and apologise to us for not being like (the very strange English) by having lunch at 1 p.m.
E@L plods past determinedly, almost breathless. Here's another condo, here's another pride of lionesses. None of them appear to notice him. These are not girls on the prowl for expats on the street; E@L is not part of tonight's Target Demographic.
However we take our tea... or our coffee... it's how we take it that counts.
when we were young, oh hoh so young
"Some women have gone in with minor symptoms and have been left double incontinent and have come away with very significant problems. It is horrendous."
It's kind of like high school. When you're a senior, you look at the freshman and think--wow, I can't believe they're getting excited over that. But when YOU were a freshman, you had that same enthusiasm because it was new to you.
Very nice evening outing, scrambled the 2nd in 8:55; pushed pretty hard hiking on the uphill (38min from Chat) but didn't have a ton of energy.
*Elvis wore himself and another pup out. That pup’s owner came up to thank us. Haha.
*Heartsink doctor is a wonderful description. I'd take credit for it but I blatantly stole it from Hossylass
GENERAL:
There are day and weekend tickets available - day tickets only £10 a day, weekend tix £25. You pay for talks and tastings on top of that, but our talk is a mere £2.50.
I’m sitting here just after lunch, listening to my neighbour sing at the top of his lungs through my window – it’s the kind of singing that you do when no one is around. I’m pretty sure he doesn’t know I can hear him & he’s actually pretty good. The air is cool & crisp, but the sun is warm & streaming through my window.
Respondent Nazareno and petitioner filed their respective motions for reconsideration of the July 22, 2002 order. On August 21, 2002, the Ombudsman dismissed the administrative complaint against Nazareno, to wit:
One morning this past August I woke up and felt like I had literally been hit by a semi truck while I was sleeping. I ached all over. It hurt to move. And I thought to myself - What the hell did I do yesterday? I couldn't remember doing anything particularly out of the ordinary. So I thought maybe I had some sort of a virus.
Wearing a short white dress that showed off her toned legs, the 42-year-old beauty was fresh off of her hit FOX show’s latest results episode – during which she took the stage, once again, for a performance alongside her backup dancer beau, Casper Smart.
It was a difficult year. A painful year. And while that pain has lessened over the months, it still causes difficulties for me in terms of limiting my energy and ability to focus on what I need to do.
Author of Frankenstein
I missed a week of posting at Fruitless Pursuits. Swore I wasn't gonna let that happen since I 're-committed' myself. Actually was doing quite well, though not actually posting reminders here every week, I was still hitting it there, though they weren't always doubles or triples...they were mostly singles.
- 2 green peppers, chopped
Villa and West Brom are hovering above the bottom 5, with a 5 and 8 point gap respectively. I think they’re safe, but a poor run in will get them sweating.
I'm not kidding, you'll see this and more in this film, and severed limbs reattaching themselves will seem mundane and ordinary compared to other more amazing and blood-spewing-spraying extravaganza images.(On top of it, the audio is pretty amazing.)
Yowza! A whopping pound of butter! That was my first thought when I scanned the recipe for this delectable treat. It's so buttery an adaptation of the recipe was featured in Issue #109 of Saveur ... the Butter issue!.
The Billionaire Bachelors series continues with book 5, Blackmailing the Billionaire. George’s son Max meets his match in Cassie, a journalist who wants his interview. Unfortunately, it took getting run over by his car to get it.
“On earth there are continents of Asia, Europe, South America, North America,
I ask him, “Did you hurt yourself?”He is so radiant, beautiful and wise. He stands very close to me, and I understand that the water somehow is a mid-station in the levitating-process.
Sam Vimes grew up in the back streets of Ankh-Morpork. Now, after many years as a copper, he is Duke of Ankh and the Commander of the City Watch, as well as a former blackboard monitor. He is married to Lady Sybil, the richest woman in the city. Their six-year-old son, Young Sam, is obsessed with poo.
Officials with the West Virginia State Police contacted the Hancock County Sheriff’s Office to assemble a SWAT team. The SWAT team was briefed on the matter and converged on the house around 9 p.m.
The last sentence above, you know, the one about my husband inadvertently providing me with awesome blog fodder? You’re about to see exactly what I mean. The following is EXACTLY how the creation of his avatar came to be.
Back to the discussion – surrender. Ouch.
In all this rubble
I need a curve and wind-a-twistin'
Folks, not all development is bad for Barbados or has negative consequences for ordinary Bajans.
About The Walt Disney Studios:
Malt Variety: Two-row barley, Vienna, Munich 10L, m-100, aromatic
and the AC is off
In case you haven't read the book, the basic story is that Lilly brings her new purse, sunglasses, and quarters to school and ends up distracting everyone with them. Mr. Slinger, very gently, takes them away until the end of the day. Lilly is furious. At the end of the day Mr. Slinger returns her things to her with a sweet note and bag of snacks. He even encourages her to bring them back to school, as long as they aren't distracting.
around him and
In 1858 and 1859, the The Photographic News published a series of articles containing detailed instructions on colouring collodion positives, extracts from which will serve to illustrate the process: Photographic powder colours ... furnish the only suitable and simple means of colouring collodion positives on glass. They are applied in the form of impalpable powder, with a dry pencil, to the collodion film. They should, if properly prepared, be brilliant in colour, transparent, and, as far as possible, permanent; they should, at the same time, "bite" well, or adhere readily to the surface of the plain or varnished wet collodion film. Brushes ... For general use camel's hair is more suitable than sable ... for fine lines a few small sables will be desirable ... they should be agitated in a glass of clean water, and brought to a point by drawing them through the lips ... An India-rubber bottle, with tube attached, to blow away superlfuous colour, will be required ... Some colour on the collodion film, and leave it so; others colour thus, and then finish with varnishing; whilst others varnish first, and colour on the varnished film ... A coating of some black varnish is usually applied to the reverse side of the plate to produce the shadows. This is rarely the best method for coloured pictures ... We prefer, for this purpose, a backing of deep maroon velvet, which warms the shadows, and harmonises with the ... tints used in portraiture. From what I can tell, this portrait only has a single colour added, decorating the girls dress a pale blue. It is a little blotchy, but does not give an unpleasing effect. The portrait itself, even though the photographer has not succeeeded in putting his subject completely at ease, is well composed and in focus, and I think demonstrates at least a moderate degree of skill. Sadly, it's not yet possible to determine who this photographer was. As further examples of portraits from the 1850s are unearthed, however, a more detailed understanding of the photographic community active at that time may bring new clues.
“There are men who would choose love before sex, but never love without sex.” Dude
Arata Isozaki is a Japanese architect who was often described as playing to the Metabolist style within post modernism, complete with bold exaggerated forms, and creative detailing, and large scale yet flexible structures.
“We want to bring the best of what we’re doing into the physical sphere,” says Ghosn.
Participation . . . 20%
I honestly don’t know who has the right plan, so that’s why I’m going to talk about this stuff with all of you. Sometimes it’s going to be hysterical and sometimes it may be a little sad. Either way, I have a feeling 29 will be far from boring. I also have a feeling 30 won’t be some kind of a life sentence of 24-7 maturity and bland living.
Below are just a few of my favorite projects from her book, and she shows you step by step how to achieve these beautiful results yourself:
He said: “Sail on! sail on! and on!”
Takes care of the Missus
From the very first pages, Hourglass completely sucked me in with it's charming Southern locale and sassy wit. I knew then that I was going to thoroughly relish this story.
Progress on the dresses has been slow. My double is petite and I was careless with the first version of her dress, shown in the top photo above. The fabric is silky and frays easily and I made some errors in handling it. It looks okay but it is not perfect and I am making it over. I will construct a muslin toile for the next attempt because I have very little fabric to play with. My drive for perfection permeates all that I do and my double deserves no less.
*Photo is from Whole Foods. Obviously I did not take that picture.
Ta ta
“Yes, well, I can see we need to discuss this further. But first, I think I will change my clothes, and give the two of you a little more time to get your story straight.” Walking through the back door, but leaving it slightly ajar, I watch to see if they will follow me. Never ones to be put on the spot, I see them both nosing their way through the door.
Well I thought that's what these were, they grew thickly on the lawn on the South side of the Bishop Boardman Apartments, a local home for the elderly on 8th Avenue in South Slope. I crouched there for a long time reaching through the fence trying to get the right focus and stay out of my own shadow but there was little I could do. I had parked there to bring my husband's box of zappos shoes to the post office, to spare myself the misery of the misery that typically befalls the household when, on Saturday morning, the day requires waiting in the long post office line on top of everything else Saturdays require.
Spoon the fruit with its liquid into the pie pan (or over the pastry crust). Remove the crumble from the freezer, and break it into topping-size, irregular pieces, and scatter these over the top of the fruit. Put the fruit crumble into the oven and immediately lower the temperature to 350 degrees F/180 degrees Celsius. Bake the crumble for 35 minutes or until it is golden on top and the fruit is bubbling. Place the crumble in its pan on a wire rack to cool.
Jasmine contacted me asking me to publicise the details about her new new baby and toddler music class which is coming to Basingstoke this Autumn.
1-800-SUICIDE
8. Virginity can be cured.
That happened to me over the weekend. It was a slow dawning of understanding that didn’t quite fully realize itself until this morning (Monday) when all the facts were finally in order. Sometimes my mind plays tricks on me (it has an evil side like that) and so I wasn’t quite sure if I was imagining that this “thing” was done, if I had literally forgotten that I had done it myself or if there was something else at work. Turns out it was something else at work.
In keeping with maritime tradition, Datin Seri Rosmah Mansor broke a bottle of water against the submarine’s sail to signify the official launching and naming of the vessel.
Learning from clinical observation
For starters, the IoM receives funding from the Bill and Melinda Gates Foundation which is, of course, a total front for vaccines and Big Pharma. This alone completely biases the IoM, as having financial ties with this foundation is really like being caught with your hand in the vaccine cookie jar.
The brigade of Virginia and Maryland have march’d forth to intercept
In any restaurant, the bartending position is usually the most sought out position. Just like in any other bar or restaurant (corporate or not), the bar is the social epicenter of the house. A few customers may choose to dine at the bar, but a majority of the bar business comes from making drinks for the customers waiting for their tables and making the drinks servers order for their tables. Bartenders generally make more money out of all of the other restaurant positions because they are able to sell more volume and don’t have to travel far in order to take care of their customers like servers do.
Odds are…it will not happen. But if we look at where we are right now, and work with what we have, we’ll find that we can overcome the challenges and fears we face and create the perfect opportunity that we’d likely never find without the experience and determination we have because of it.
Believe it or not, she makes an excellent case, which boils down to, pretty much, French parents don't spoil their children by making them think they are the center of the universe. Far from it, it is the French parents themselves who are the twin stars around which all relevant worlds revolve.
A regiment can make a side step move during its activation. It moves up to 10cm to either side (just one, not both in the same move) maintaining the same facing. The regiment cannot pivot during a side step move.
Amit Bansal answers, Well it’s a good idea to say you can find out about the answer if you are given an opportunity rather than giving a wrong answer.
In the gift shop there was a display of two-inch-high animals made of porcelain. Marissa and I both sprinted for it the moment we saw it, which was the same moment we ran in the door. We also both stopped dead three feet away, then inched closer. “You break it, you bought it,” Mom always said. We were searching feverishly for our new favorites, but there were so many. A nice teenage girl came over, though, and asked, “What kind of animals are you girls looking for?”
Internal affairs found no problem with police killing people they are trying to get to go to the hospital.
L – Low power
This fabric wasn't cheap, but it's so cute and also 2 yards in length. It's hard to find yardage in vintage fabrics and I wasn't going to pass it up.
Ms. Bourgeois’s sculptures in wood, steel, stone and cast rubber, often organic in form and sexually explicit, emotionally aggressive yet witty, covered many stylistic bases. But from first to last they shared a set of repeated themes centered on the human body and its need for nurture and protection in a frightening world.
8. Favorite t.v. show?
I went to see C P Taylor's Good at the Royal Exchange, an adaptation of his novel and a tale of how a good man with good motives gets inadvertently involved with Hitler and his henchmen. To begin with I and my companions were entranced: the production seemed wonderful, with music and song and a brilliant use of the stage to create time-slippages that you don't often see in our generally over-literalist theatre. But by the second half we were feeling that the frantic pace was preventing us from concentrating on the moral problem at the heart of the play and the way the transition took place. From what I could tell, that transition was very disappointing: I was expecting a real revelation about the way that apparently moral precepts can be twisted to immoral ends (which I believe they can) but all that seemed to happen was that from the start the protagonist couldn't help acting out of selfish motives that belied his sense of himself as good, and the outcome was thus hardly a surprise. This didn't however seem to worry the rest of the audience, who consisted a great deal of schoolchildren and who went wild with applause.
Sitting here now the wind has really picked up. It’s beautiful out there – bright sunshine, blue skies, but I’m pleased to be in here and finished. It can snow now!
I'm so thankful for the opportunity to create stamps for you girls...
I’m always a bit annoyed when I see tables in pubs with “Reserved” signs on them. It suggests both an excessive concentration on food and a somewhat snooty, exclusive attitude. Surely a “public house” should be just that – open to all comers, and first come, first served for the available seating. And “Please Wait Here to be Seated” is a notice that really should never be seen in anywhere that lays claim to the title of “pub”.
I had found my mini-set to collect.
So enjoy them while you can. In spite of the rain and clouds.
Crown Law Office, Criminal - Ministry of Attorney General, Ontario Government
Tonight at Rite Aid I saw and bought a bunch of new stuff including: new neon Petites nail polish colors, Julie G nail colors - good variety duochrome nailpolishes - purples, pinks; also new Revlon Colorstay Whipped Creme Makeup (the display had little peel back samples of the color "Nude") and Revlon Colorstay Overtime mascara - this week all Revlon is 40% off at Rite Aid, so an ideal time to try some new stuff. Thanks so much, CBBgreen, for the fantastic sighting info!
Just a brief post to let you know we are back in town after going back to Maui--from April 7-21. We left Maui at 10:20 p.m. on the 21st for that killer-overnight flight home. That's the only bad thing about going to Hawaii from Arizona. On U.S. Airways, you can only come home on an overnight flight. And, since I cannot sleep sitting up, I am awake for the whole trip. By the time I get to Phoenix, (yes, I know that's a song!), I am so exhausted it takes me two days to recover. But the trip was definitely worth it again!
About a year ago, I began working as a travel agent - in a teeny, tiny agency (my dining room!) that specializes in Disney. And then just a few months ago, I started my own website. And I've been blogging there. It's all Disney all the time. But with lots of mommy comments and family pictures.
It was during this time that I was sitting in my room on LSD and reading Michelle’s letters and another girl’s letters, trying to decide whom I should be with. At the same time I was trying to read the book of Revelation, which was way too taxing for my drug-infested brain! I was asking (actually more like challenging) that if there was a God, He show me which girl I should be with. About an hour later (by this time it was around midnight) my father came into my room and announced that Michelle had been killed in a hit-and-run automobile accident. Remember that at this time I was high on LSD and so my emotions were like Jello in a blender. I was stunned and I just sat there not being able to move for what seemed like a very long time. Eventually I went to bed and when I awakened I asked my father if Michelle was dead or did I dream that I heard this. He informed me that it was true. This is the one single event that changed my life. It sent me on a quest that didn’t end until 12 long, weary, years later.
Then I smeared some chocolate on to create a sandy beach. The brown ship ended up yes some kind of weird gray brown. I created palms from Rise Krispie treats shaped around a skewer and coated in milk chocolate and did the same for the boulders in front of the ship. I covered some marshmallow treats with fondant to make up the shark fins. I melted some chocolate to create the plank, ladder, and port holes on the ship. I gave in and used printed paper for the sails, flags and palm leaves. Then I thought no candles on this cake for it might go up in smoke. I will be sticking the number 8 candle with chocolate to hold it in the front of the cake on the try.
Many of you will recognize the thin ten speed bike painted white from top to tires as part of the GhostBike project. Ghostbikes for those who don't know are created by volunteers and in several cities placed near the scene of a cyclist's death, usually with a plaque or sign detailing the accident. I find them appropriately reverent and spooky.
Even as I type this, I’m struggling with the desire to say the perfect thing, to ensure that what I’m typing out will be understood. This whole need to be understood could be a character in itself. It could become a scientist who wants to come up with a theory no one can disprove and everyone can celebrate. Or it could be a rebellious teenager who’s fed up with the fact that their parents will never
Locations And Subsidiaries 15
My Islam is Lady Lee changing hearts at the Western Front
'ok, Yes sir'
I have a post-Thanksgiving post that I want to post (pippity, poppity post!) but before I do that, I need to come clean about something.
Ever tried easy boarding on a coaching gate, its real fun. The gate opens, you go through, only the boarding card you were given at check-in doesn’t have “easy boarding” printed on it, so now you have to find your original easy boarding card, nothing’s easy about that when some passengers realised that the check-in crew had kept them and exchanged them for the traditional cards. No proof of purchase of the premier service then?
The Dashwood is a three room suite, plenty of room yet still romantically cozy. At your fingertips and for your enjoyment a mini fridge,microwave,coffee,jacuzzi and on your deck 2 Kennedy rockers. I'm not sure if I used the jacuzzi or rockers more!
Reading nonfiction writing is the key component of the Core Knowledge curriculum, which is based on the theory that children raised reading storybooks will lack the necessary background and vocabulary to understand history and science texts. While the curriculum allows children to read fiction, it also calls on them to knowledgeably discuss weather patterns, the solar system, and how ancient Egypt and Mesopotamia compare.
There's quite a few of these around, on ebay and the like, usually for between 50 to 100 quid, but there's one on ebay at the moment for 150!
Original Reviews
Come on. The world is too big for you to run out of ideas. If you want to repeat a list such as Five Reasons Why I Love Him, you can make it Five Reasons Why I Love Him 2.0. If you’re the eleventh person to make the list then you can make the post title as Five Reasons Why I Love Him 11.0. You get the drift.
This is the first hamburger to be featured at On Sandwiches. There isn’t a real strong reason for that, hamburgers are clearly sandwiches. It’s just that I don’t eat them particularly often, and in most cases there’s always a sandwich I’d rather eat, always a sandwich I’d rather talk about. But with the Slummin’ It project developing, my options are much wider if I consider hamburgers. A good friend was urging me to try a double Whopper with cheese, and for his sake I’ll get to that soon enough. I didn’t want it to be the first hamburger featured at On Sandwiches, though. It just didn’t seem right. Original Tommy’s, however, seems to fit that role rather nicely.
I rue the day Matt ever brought home this new Fruity Pebbles cereal. You see I have a weakness for cereal. I can't buy the sweet kind because I will eat a whole box in a day. The Marshmallow Pebbles is ridiculously good, you should buy some. But be warned, its like crack I can't stop eating it.
Some of the challenges will be technique-based, others will be product-based. You may use whatever supplies you have on hand for the challenges, but if a technique is centered around a specific product, please use that product. In other words, for a Distress Stain-specific technique, don't use an ink pad. You are more than welcome to submit your CC2C pieces to any other challenges you wish, as long as you link back to this blog and clearly state that your piece has been submitted to the Tim Holtz Compendium of Curiosities 2 Challenge at Studio L3. Though not a requirement, I strongly encourage you to create a brand new piece for the challenges, even if it's a technique you've done before. Why miss another opportunity to get spectacularly inky?!
i'll be blog silent tomorrow. because today i'm off to louisville for this...
When we were kids, my brother had this little brown pleather rocker. It was like a mini old man chair. My parents still have it and the kids LOVE to sit in it when they visit. Emmy especially loves to sit in it with the afghan we used as kids on her lap, and rock as she watches movies, sometimes Shirley Temple movies because classics just suit the chair. Well, we found our own at a yard sale for $5 and I knew we had to take it home for the kids. They often argue over who gets to sit on one couch, so I figured it would give them another option for seating. You ready? Here it is in all its retro glory!
Brown believes an owner interested in dog fighting eventually took advantage of the ad. The advice is to anyone looking to give away a pet, do it through more protected channels like the Humane Society.
Except no one knows where he is. And those who do know, aren't saying.
Today, I am going to begin putting together a dress I cut out for myself last week. I also need to make something for me to wear on Sunday. The girls are wearing pink, so I need to figure something out to match them. I am thinking about a variation of this here. But with an A-line skirt. OR this one. I am leaning towards the second one because it it just 2 seams. I think I could embellish the neckline with a ruffle, though. What do you think? I have some really pretty dark pink knit with flowers I am going to use. Anyway, whatever I do it will be a first. I made a dress for myself YEARS ago that Brian said looked like a tablecloth. But I was very proud of it and wore it several times. My sister has it now, it is a bit small on me since the girls and all.
Rissad nodded, his jaw set. It took two attempts to get him vertical, a twinge on the second try telling Rel he was beginning to strain his own arm. The other man gestured at the door, and a gateway appeared on the surface, its edges crackling and unsteady. Because of the Stable Rod, or the nearby Sherim? Were they even still near the Sherim Rel had felt on the way in?
This is just an administrative announcement from The Radical Idea.
Also that you stride is so alive!
It was built under the direction of Mr. Newton, architect, and cost, including furniture and other expenses, about £6701, to which the corporation subscribed £200. These rooms were first opened by a very numerous and brilliant company, in the race-week, June 24, 1776.
I don't have the Magnolia tree doohickey so I trawled through my Cricut cartridges and came out with the joys of the season for the trees which I cut out of grunge paper and painted with picket fence crackle.
Born on a Blue Day by Daniel Tammet -Daniel is an autistic savant born into a world that doesn’t quite understand what autism is yet. He falls on the highly functioning side of the spectrum and chronicles both his fascinating view of the world as well as how he learns how to become more socially at ease. It always interesting to me to hear stories of how differently people think and see the world. For example, Daniel has a unique relationship with numbers where he visualizes them differently than others, so to raise money for an epilepsy foundation he memorizes over 22, 000 numbers in pi. !!! I’m lucky if I remember my phone number most days. I listened to this book on CD and it was very well done.
Past events have raised thousands of dollars which in turn have funded the Jessica Uhl scholarship at Southern Illinois University-Edwardsville, and the Kelli Uhl Memorial Scholarship fund. Jessica's scholarship has had two recipients, and Kelli's scholarship will be awarded to a graduate of the Class of 2012 from Collinsville High School, which would have been Kelli's graduating class.
Elijah: "Or what?"
Again, antelope patterned rug that floods the space. In this image it just looks like an organic stripe that elongates the space. I am just in LOVE with this pattern. I also really love how the artwork compliments the stripes while adding an unexpected palette of purples, pinks and reds to the space.
- Fuji apples extra fancy $0.98/lb ($2.16/kg, BC)
By the time you finish rolling the entire batch, the first few might have no icing sugar visible because it gets absorbed. No problem, just lightly roll it again and place into the oven immediately.
Dessert first! .99 waffle cones at TCBY on the way home from dance!
Make sure to leave an email address if you are a no-reply blogger.
This is Whip Appeal by Mr Ocean
About The Gallery Collection:
Sponsering us this week is
6 tablespoons garlic powder
Strangely enough, investors seem to be avoiding fixed income which used to be their favorite asset class. This week they’ve only added $1.48 billion when they would normally add between three to four times that. Likewise, they’ve also become neutral towards foreign equity funds, having added almost nothing for the whole month. From a contrarian perspective this is good news as the last time retail investors were avoiding foreign stocks was August 2010, just before the next leg higher.
Star struck tart~over and out!
The Commission is still yet to complete any investigation.
James Andrew Gadiel, 23, New York, N.Y.
That flipping thing called self-doubt. It sits on my shoulder, lurks in every dark corner and always nabs me when I least expect it. I try poking it in the eye with a heel every now and then but it always seems to come back…
16. Mysteries and Mayhem - Blue Jay Way
It's goodness, angels, democracy Saki... Saker... Sake-guy vs Putin, evil Russia, dare I say it, communism!
c. Satellite View of building area 27
Facebook is mostly known for its personal connections and updates of what John had for dinner last night. While it is used this way, that is just one facet to Facebook. Facebook had applications that allow individuals to connect professionally, while keeping their personal life separate. www.BranchOut.com and www.BeKnown.com are helpful for networking professionally with individuals through Facebook.
Through hope, resilience, belief, and when it became clear that nothing else was to be........... acceptance.......
4) Post a link about the giveaway on your blog linking back to this post and you may leave another comment with the post link.
Week 10 vs. NY Jets: In a similar situation to the Minnesota game, Seattle also faced Brett Favre when he was playing for the Jets in 2008 as the Seahawks diminished New York’s playoff chances with a 13-3 win in the snow. We will see whether Mark Sanchez will be running the offense full time or if Tim Tebow will see some more snaps.
Shankar hailed from the rural heart of Bengal. He had just returned to the village after passing the FA exam. His days were usually taken up by hanging out with friends in the morning, long siesta after lunch, and fishing in Pals’ big pond in the late afternoon. After he had spent the entire summer this way, his mother told him: Listen Shankar, I’ve to tell you something important. See your father is not doing too well health wise. In this situation, is there much point in you studying more? For one thing, where will the money come from? Better you look for a job, no?
The Witness - Federas' Witness, anyway - disobeyed her instruction almost immediately as she forced open a Gate beneath herself and dropped away from him, but he'd do his job. All he had to do was see some clue to where Van Raighan's rescuers took him. Her Gateway popped her out into bright spring sunshine and a blast of cold wind, just beside the entrance to the Warding Hall.
NOTHING DETERS PROBE
The DMR also allows the recognition of complicating factors that prevent people from successfully completing the current recovery tasks. These complicating factors, which range from depression to severe unexpected life problems, must be dealt with in order for people to move ahead in recovery.
I am thankfully happy because God makes me happy
Here’s mine…
Judge if whether or not to draw swords.
C. He / She Proclaims Foolishness 12:23
"Lead me, O LORD, in Your righteousness because of my enemies; Make Your way straight before my face."
The human writer of the Revelation also wrote the Gospel of John. Do you remember what Jesus was riding in the Gospel? He was riding a young donkey, a symbol of peace, as He entered Jerusalem to die. But now, now He is riding the white horse of victory.
Maybe if I can view other people with the same compassion, understanding and respect as I view my own children, I will never be faced with having to admit that I lived a life of judgment rather than a life of understanding. And then I'll be able to help people, should they choose my help, with the sense of compassion and respect that they deserve.
And so live ever — or else swoon to death.
Torn to shreds of the dead
7. We also heard from Debbie Purdy, who has multiple sclerosis, who told us of her fear of ‘not taking the right quantity or quality of drugs and ending up in a worse situation than I would be in anyway’.
lives can be changed
This was the first 2011 album I heard, way back in January, and I was instantly enthralled by its mid-winter evocation of a summery boat cruise. The husband-and-wife duo behind Tennis came up with these songs while on a long sailing trip, and upon returning to land they crafted this immaculate set of nautical pop. The result is nearly irresistible, all girl-group melodies and shimmery production that makes Cape Dory seem less like a true summer album, more like a nostalgic backwards glimpse of summer, which I guess is why it was released in the winter and has returned to my regular rotation now that summer has come and gone. The songs are simple, direct and short, just perfect little slices of pop beauty, and at barely a half-hour long, the album never wears out its welcome. Instead, like the summer itself, Cape Dory leaves one wanting more, wishing for just a little more sun and ocean spray, a little more of these sweet, warm, somehow a bit sad songs. [buy]
* "Our missile program is a guarantee for world peace and security."
Terrified by their amnesia, the two make a pact to work together to find the answers that could jog their missing memories. As they piece together clues, they discover they’re in the idyllic mountain resort town of Summer Falls, where everyone seems mysteriously happy, but as Marshall and Elyse quickly learn, darkness lurks beneath the town’s perfect facade. Not only is the town haunted by sinister ghosts, but none of its living inhabitants retain bad memories of anything—not the death of Marshall’s mom, not the hidden shame in Elyse’s family, not even the day-to-day anguish of high school.
And so, I, at the time being the only kid at home, I was 20 years younger than my brother. 15 years younger than my oldest sister and 9 years younger than the sister next to me. By the time I was eight, I was an only child for all practical purposes. (My mother had me when she was 42.) I learned how to be alone and entertain myself quite well. To this day, I am most comfortable alone. It’s what I know. I also like older people. Again. It’s what I know. So, outside, alone, I would turn any outbuilding into a playhouse, play with my dog, my cats, the farm animals, too. I rode my horse, I rode my little Honda 50 motercycle. I shot my BB gun, (Dad tried to treat me into a boy) I jumped on my pogo stick, I road my bike, I banged a tennis ball against the barn and I took long walks down the dirt roads of the fields and spent quite a bit of time climbing as high as I could, up everything I could find. The windmill was my favorite spot…right at the top. But that’s another story.
Born on March 10, 1989, James Reveley is the son of successful trainer Keith and the grandson of prolific dual-purpose handler Mary. Growing up on the family’s Saltburn farm, James started off in pony show-jumping ranks and became National Junior Champion when he was 12. He started riding under Rules for his father when he was 16 and celebrated his first winner on only his fifth start, guiding Time Marches On to victory in an amateur riders’ handicap hurdle at Plumpton on May 8, 2005. He turned professional that October, becoming apprentice jockey to his father. Reveley also had several rides on the Flat, but he soon concentrated on Jump racing and enjoyed his first major success on Clouding Over, who took a competitive mares’ handicap hurdle at Southwell in January, 2007. He ended the 2006/07 season with seven winners, but more than doubled that tally the following term with 16 successes to his name, headed by Endless Power, who took a novices’ handicap chase at the John Smith’s Grand National meeting, and Rambling Minster, who triumphed in the Scottish Borders National at Kelso in December, 2007. He spent the summer of 2007 riding in France for Guillaume Macaire, partnering 12 winners for the trainer, and has continued to ride for the Frenchman, recording the biggest success of his career on the Macaire-trained Rigoureux in a Grade One success at Merano, Italy, in September, 2010. Reveley’s career has also continued upwards in Britain 21 winners in 2008/09, 35 in 2009/10 and 2010/11, and 53 already on the board so far this season (at the start of Thursday, April 12). His major wins have come courtesy of Endless Power, whom he rode to victory over the National fences in the Grand Sefton Handicap Chase in November, 2008, and Rambling Minster, who followed up success in a handicap chase at Cheltenham on New Year’s Day, 2009, with victory in the Grade Three Blue Square Gold Cup Chase at Haydock the following month. Reveley is set to ride increasingly for Ferdy Murphy and also partners horses for his father, as well as Nick Williams, Martin Todhunter and John Wade.
This evening I'm enjoying a glass of the 85-IBU Ise Kadoya-led collaboration Imperial Red Ale, which has made rounds at beer bars and festivals over the last few months.
So here's what I am looking for.
We are back from our Spring Break Cruise on Royal Caribbean's Allure of the Seas!! We had an awesome time. I highly recommend this ship!
Another reason why the vote and opinion of the Mr. Justice Perfecto can not be considered in these cases is that his successor, Mr. Justice Torres, has been allowed by this Court to take part in the decision on the question of emergency powers because of lack of majority on that question. And Mr. Justice Torres is not bound to follow any opinion previously held by Mr. Justice Perfecto on that matter. There is no law or rule providing that a successor is a mere executor of his predecessor’s will. On the contrary, the successor must act according to his own opinion for the simple reason that the responsibility for his action is his and of no one else. Of course, where a valid and recorded act has been executed by the predecessor and only a ministerial duty remains to be performed for its completion, the act must be completed accordingly. For instance, where the predecessor had rendered a valid judgment duly filed and promulgated, the entry of that judgment which is a ministerial duty, may be ordered by the successor as a matter of course. But even in that case, if the successor is moved to reconsider the decision, and he still may do so within the period provided by the rules, he is not bound to follow the opinion of his predecessor, which he may set aside according to what he may believe to be for the best interests of justice.
The keepsake and unsorted photo boxes can go on the bottom shelf, because when I get back to them, it will be nice to sit on the floor and look through it next to where they will belong. And the finished project box, which I find extremely inspiring, belongs right next to the current project box on the third shelf, nicely accessible. As these are usually related to gift-making, they belong right next to the gift-wrap and handmade card stash.
mention anyone else but yourself, in your books.
P.S. I forgot to mention my new belt Leo, isn't he gorgeous? Ok, it's time for bed now.
1/2 cup raw peanuts
“He got hit in the elbow. He says he’s going to have to quit playing tennis now.”
The group is in favour of direct military intervention, and their money supports the Ugandan government’s army and various other military forces. Here’s a photo of the founders of Invisible Children posing with weapons and personnel of the Sudan People’s Liberation Army. Both the Ugandan army and Sudan People’s Liberation Army are riddled with accusations of rape and looting, but Invisible Children defends them, arguing that the Ugandan army is “better equipped than that of any of the other affected countries”, although Kony is no longer active in Uganda and hasn’t been since 2006 by their own admission. These books each refer to the rape and sexual assault that are perennial issues with the UPDF, the military group Invisible Children is defending.
May I?
Drew: Lulu (I had written down snuggles for him because he was sick & we enjoyed some nice snuggle time...but even while sick, when I asked what he was thankful for, he instantly responded, "Lulu!")
“The entire world is watching. So let’s seize this moment to show why the United States of America is still the greatest nation on Earth,” Obama said. “The debate right now isn’t about whether we need to make tough choices. Democrats and Republicans agree on the amount of deficit reduction we need. The debate is about how it should be done.”
Condoms and sexual health is never going to be sexy pillow talk, but if the person you’re planning to get down and dirty with isn’t willing to wrap it up, they probably aren’t worth your time anyway.
Place the potato mixture in a 13 x 9-inch baking dish coated with cooking spray. Sprinkle potato mixture with remaining 2 ounces of cheese. Cover with foil coated with cooking spray. Bake at 350° for 45 minutes. Uncover and bake an additional 30 minutes or until lightly browned and potatoes are tender. Let stand 15 minutes before serving.
Of the far-distant breaking wave.
The Pomson 6000
For summertime weather in March, in Chicago. Everyone is outside.
When I scrapped this pic the song lyrics ,"There are more than angels watching over me" came to me and reminded me of how my Grandparents who never met Vivi are keeping watch from above and keeping her safe.
-Less control over SEO as compared to Wordpress.
Before I begin writing this guest post, I want to thank Janie at Janie Junebug's Journal for inviting me to share my personal story in her series on Love and Intimacy. It's been a long time since I was a guest at someone else's house so I want to make sure I mind my manners and wipe my shoes when I come in. I'm bringing a bottle of wine for the hostess with the mostest and I certainly hope I don't disappoint her followers. Thank you so much Janie!
lips like sugar ,sugar kisses
No jokes-these are friends, okay?
Once you get this far, really, there is no place else to go – that’s the end of that. That is why Solzhenitsyn has this feeling that something is coming to an end, because you cannot keep going down. Something else has to happen. Either there has to be an explosion – a totally new principle has to enter in, like when Christianity came in Roman times and totally transformed everything – or else, if something new does not happen, then the whole civilization simply winds down, and that is the end of it.
Again, when I changed my perspective from thinking of designing a wedding suite as a "repetitive" process into thinking of the process as "evolutionary"... things changed. The creative ADD went away and was replaced with a fervent creative drive that kept me at the computer designing (often into the night). Nothing really changed except my perspective and the accompanying vocabulary with which I approached the creative task.
Peel and boil 5 large potatoes until soft. Red potatoes are especially good for this. While the potatoes are boiling, finely chop 1 large onion and saute in butter until soft and translucent. Mash the potatoes with the sauted onions and 4-8oz of grated cheddar cheese (depending on how cheesy you want your pierogies), adding salt and pepper to taste. You can also add some fresh parsley, bacon bits, chives, or other enhancements if you desire. Let the potato mixture cool and then form into 1" balls.
An old gentleman and his wife were taking a walk, taking in the sights of Granada when they saw an blind beggar. Moved by this sight, the man turned to his wife and said "Give him alms, my wife, for there is no pain in life greater than to be a blind man in Granada."--Francisco de Icaza
Those coming to our shores on the other hand have not had generations to adopt our culture, they have had 40 or 50 years at the very most, and they are coming to us from some of the most dangerous, and crime ridden and unstable places on Earth, Somalia , Jamaica, Pakistan, Kenya, Algeria, and Nigeria to name just a few of the crime and murder hot spots from whence our new next door neighbours hail.
429. V. Pervigilium Veneris. Cf. Philomela in Parts II and III.
It’s amazing the degree to which outreach strategies rest on a single, and deeply flawed, premise:
From what I have heard...the rat was on the counter, and tripped a MOUSE trap. He was hurt, but not trapped. He fell into the empty sink, where he scurried around, leaving Chris to have to ask me if I had dumped something in it just before bed without washing it out. He said it was totally covered in blood. Then, from the trail of blood, we could tell that he climbed out, jumped down onto the garbage can, then onto the floor. By the time he made it to the floor, there wasn't much of a trail. From there, it is just droplets here and there that lead down the stairs and into the water room.
Buddha reached inside himself and lived the same process that lives in nature. He opened himself, was fecund by divinity, and was made a man-god.
(RDNZL patch transferred by BengoFury, edited by flambay, cut-and-pasted by ZP)
The Wire Head
We need to keep abreast of rural developments, initiate dialogue with our mayors and become familiar with accessing those who make decisions at municipal level. We are part of these communities and it is our responsibility to our investments, ourselves and our neighbours that we do our utmost to ensure their survival. We need to monitor and be vigilant about changes in policy that have an impact on rural areas. We need to support our local shops and businesses whenever we can. We need to help our neighbours; even little things count, such as collecting prescriptions, car sharing, and offering employment when we can.
Composed by: Martin Phipps
and Life goes on down the road, sir, down the road.
Start the creation of the tail by treating two feathers of choice (these are small mallard feathers) with a varnish or like I do with the UV resin Bug Bond. Here’s one varnished and one who’s not.
The availability to Thomas of what he evidently considers reliable revelations permits him to recognize moral precepts that can be acted on virtually without exception. This is in marked contrast to the Strauss reading which had included these observations (p. 162):
Jacqueline's mommy. :-)
The scriptures were amazing to me, better than any other books because they contained world after world after world with no clear dividing lines. During sacrament meetings, I would stare at the maps and move from place to place and era to era in them, or else flip through the verses looking for scraggly-thin, intense, long-bearded prophets like Elijah and Abinadi (who were so caught up in God they didn't seem to experience ordinary fear) and for clever, long-sighted women like Rebekah and Abigail who could feel what was coming and change it with their words.
Well I did..
Sweet, simple, sophisticated.....right? I think so. :)
