This was at the start of the year, before the kids even arrived. It took up the top half of my two whiteboards. I didn't like it. I really needed that space for other things so over the recent holidays I moved it to my windows (unlike Jen, I don't even have cabinets to put it on! I sure would love me some cabinets or even a cupboard....). This is what it looks like now.
3) The truffles arrived at the table, one at a time, identified only as Truffle A or Truffle B, C, etc. We privately commented on each truffle and rated it on appearance, touch, smell, taste, and mouth feel. We then compared notes & talked about our impressions. Finally, the scores were tallied up and a winner was announced.
I found this funky sheer zebra duster at a thrift store near my mom's house a few months ago when I was up there to visit. It was actually a dress when in combination with the long black liner that came with it, but I much prefer it this way. I made a couple of modifications: I hemmed it from straight across to the tapered hem you see here, and I added a pleat in the back to give it some shape at the waist. It was quite the boxy 90's shape before.
It's almost the same as the Illamasqua elementals look I did a while back, just with added glitz!I look way more like a cyber goth than the galaxy but...y'know...swings and roundabouts. Sorry for how horrifically over-exposed my face is - that's SPF and flash for ya!
I met many Filipino workers who never went home for fear of not being allowed to return to England. When my own brother applied for a visa to visit me, he was turned down because he was deemed likely to become an illegal immigrant.
Here is some great advice from a person who had to leave New Orleans. His advice not only spells it out really well for folks in Houston (BROTHER, YOU READING THIS?) but also has wise advice for you Austinites.
Reject vote buying candidates!
War is such a peculiar thing—inaugurated by the whims of a few, affecting the fate of many. It is a difficult, if not impossible, thing to understand, yet we feel compelled to describe it as though it has meaning—even virtue. It starts for reasons often hopelessly obscure, meanders on, then stops. (30)Another great quote:
All the kids and a few of the guys were off like rockets. Then about 200 yards out the kids started dropping like flies. I was scoping out the guys to see who I thought I might use to pace me. I latched onto a guy in a blue shirt but I started to worry he was a bit too fast. I tried to slow myself down because I really think I only have one fast mile in me right now and don't think I have the fitness yet to recover if I go out too fast.
But anyway, my main reasons for this post are on a Welsh theme, which is O, so delicious - I think you probably know where I'm going with this.
Special conditions justifying a 35-mph speed limit cited in the study include insufficient acceleration and deceleration lanes at a number of points, including McIntire Park, Park Street and Locust Avenue.
Post marathon, I switched gears to get my muscles and strength back. I eliminated all steady state exercise and embarked on a 12 week program I created. It consisted of 5 workouts/week (Monday-Friday) in a combination of intervals, strength training and metabolic circuits. And voila, within 2 weeks I was seeing results! My muscles were appearing again and even my abs were back. The best part – my workouts were less than 45 minutes!! Just goes to show it’s all about the intensity.
For anyone else, it’s a case of working out if you think it’s worth it. If you just want to play 99p puzzle games, by all means stick to your mobile phone or tablet. But don’t be fooled into thinking that your iPod is anywhere near capable of what the Vita can offer, because it’s not. Vita is one of a kind.
Price: Nuvo Sparkling Liqueur $10-$30
On the far side of the room were three doors and it was towards the one on the right hand side that Elysia and Gullhar made their way. Just as they got to it, it opened and out stepped two burly half-orc fighters. Elysia told them that they had come for the crystal, only to be informed that it was quite safe and in no danger from any interfering adventurers. Elysia promptly slept them; Ferros killed them and dumped their bodies into the stream.
Anyways, even though I don't have pictures of this girl's testimony, nor of the famed Jodi who wore her boots into the ocean chasing her grandbaby, but I do have pictures of my very own pair of painted boots.
02/12/2007 36.01
weasel words - shifty, evasive words and phrases,
In pieces that are as thick as human cartilage.
I only have a moment now.
Anyway, as part of my series on Jewish-Arab coexistence here, I want to direct your attention at a documentary made by al-Jazeera (I think), about two volunteering paramedics, Hezi and Fadi, who both live in Jerusalem.
Since God hasn’t blessed Amanda and Chet with Children yet they decided to pursue adoption. After the Braille Challenge 2010 (A spelling type bee for blind kids) Chet also felt that it would be ok to adopt children who were blind or with other special needs. Though both Chet and Amanda work in service jobs and they are not sure how they are going to they have decided to take a leap of faith and trust that God will help with the rest. Please consider giving financially to help with the many adoption expenses as they are civil servants to their community and church. Blind kids are often the last to be adopted and since Amanda is fluent in Braille and knows all the ins and outs, they feel this beautiful little girl is for them!
Up until a couple of weeks ago, I didn't even know that Google Page Ranks even existed.
Life is grand!
“I came just in time,” Casbolt said.
I went to the A*muse Studio "On the Road" event in Nashua NH last weekend, and had a BLAST! Yeah, I was the only guy in the room, no big surprise there....We made SIX projects that afternoon, and they look like this-
Price: Unknown, was brought to a party.
This month brings us right back to the limbo our life seems to be in constantly. After only 3 months of excepting the fact that God wants us right here in Hawaii, it seems that He is now telling us the time has come for us to leave this island of paradise.
I got a letter this past week from a woman who — her husband had lost his job, had pounded the pavement, finally found a job. They felt like things were stabilizing for a few months. Six months later he lost his second job. Now they’re back looking again and trying to figure out how they are going to make ends meet. And there are just hundreds of thousands of folks out there who really have seen as tough of an economy as we’ve seen in our lifetimes.
10. One Of These Days
Parents would be wise to ask themselves:
A university education is seen as the best ticket out of poverty. Competition is fierce and at some of the top schools, there are about 10 applicants for each place.
Pressure me with benefits I’ve yet to reap
It is easier to reach those without knowledge of the scriptures, but when we encounter those with such knowledge are we really prepared? I thought I was until I began reading this book!
Never talk to men if you think you can get the job done by talking to a woman. If you do, not only will the job not get done, he will think you desire him.
one to dream in peace". Where Siouxsie sang songs like "Suburban
- the end of the pencil is marked with the shade of the eyeliner, and it even matches the finish of a given shade (cream vs. shimmer)
The Administration seems to be more interested in the economic stimulus angle of Food Stamps than in using the benefits to help Americans eat nutritious foods. The junk foods allowed in the Food Stamp program are in direct contrast to the healthier foods that are required in the federal National School Lunch and Breakfast Programs, as well as in the WIC program, for mothers and children. The Obama Administration passed historic legislation in 2010 to retool the nutrition requirements in the school feeding programs, which will eventually make school cafeteria offerings far healthier. By denying New York's request, USDA dropped the ball on an experiment that could have led to more historic, healthy change.
So now that I’ve done a quick inventory of my state of being I guess it’s time to do something about those things. In terms of the simple things I talked about at the beginning, I have no clue how to deal with them other than by riding them out and praying that God will bring me peace as those dates and events come and go. I’m excited for your birthday because we will get to celebrate your life, but I am torn to pieces that it’s almost been a year already since I met and said goodbye to you. I’ve got plans for your special day and I’m going to hopefully get things moving on that here pretty quickly.
And I, for one, would much rather read about or watch good looking guys/girls ogling each other while they save the world rather than letting the world crumble around them while they work out if said ogling is okay or not.
He was never heard from again. This led to a massive search, many news reports, and talk show segments including an episode of The Oprah Winfrey Show, America's Most Wanted, The Unexplained ("Strange Disappearances," first aired 5/7/2000), and Unsolved Mysteries some years later. An article in Skeptic reported numerous conspiracy theories about his death.
Exodus 1979-1980
After a breakfast of fresh fruit, fresh rolls, eggs, and fresh squeezed pineapple and strawberry juice we traveled to BAIR (The Bureau of Rural Initiative) headquarters. There only office is located in the town of Gisenyi where we spent the night. They have been focusing on building stronger cooperative groups of potato farmers, Diffused light storage (DLS) facilities, and even HIV/AIDS testing and health screenings for farmers in the area.
whisper down to the lambkid, she says:
You should be just a little wary too but she will let you know, if
We shot across the elegant main floor of the West Building, through the Rotunda and East Garden Court, then descended to the concourse level where we found end-of-day offerings in the cafe. Pass. Another jaunt through the West Building Shop brought us to the Underground Walkway where standing motion was dazzling.
I plan on making several quick breads & muffins this week to put in the freezer for breakfasts, snacks & traveling this month. I also intend to share some with friends experiencing medical trials and who could use a little love this week.
Duchesse de Bourgogne; Belgium, Sour Ale, 6.2% abv
It was so good, in fact, that after I said good-bye to Kyle, I steered the Passat over to Tröegs. I wanted to taste the latest Scratch Beer, #6, loosely patterned on a Dortmunder Export. I caught Chris Trogner just leaving, and he turned around and poured me a beer (he was headed for the bank, and was willing to put that off). Well, you know, I like Exports, and I liked this beer, quite a bit, actually, but... No, it's not precisely an Export. It's got the heft, and the color, but it's hopped a bit more like a pilsner.
Thankfully, he later agreed to read the rest of the book along with book two of the series. Stephen’s editorial diagnosis: the first hundred pages of book one had energy and the last half of book two did. He suggested combining the two books.
As the fish ran, ?t ch?nged dire?tion several times. Once to?ard the boat, causing ?y line to go slack, and once towards the bow. I had been at thi? for ab?ut ten minutes, pulling in slac? line as fast ?s I could, and ?lternately wal?ing along the side of th? gunnel rai? a? the fi?h took ?e for ? walk. Dad ?as right there enc?uraging me, J?cko and his f?iend Claude were egging me on and predict?ng the fi?h w?uld wipe my butt, all in fun. I ?as pretty t?red, ?y arms were locked-up from holding weight and tension f?r about 20 minutes already, ?ut I could tell the fish wa? getting we?ker all the time. I’d g?t him wher? I could see h?m struggle, and h?’d ?un full steam aga?n, twice right under th? boat. Finally, I got hi? to the ?ide of the bo?t where Whitey could gaff him.
Sobbing for help in my heart, wanting a mcdonalds in my mind.
I will sit back and enjoy these gorgeous photos
So, since I knew when he would be at work....now that I think about it I was kind of borderline stalkerish.....I went into Kmart one day and found him and started giving him a sob story about how every girl in my school had a date to Prom but me....I believe my exact words were " I swear every girl in my school has a date to Prom except me!" Not really sure what his reaction would be I was very surprised when he pulled this next sentence out....."Is this where I become your Knight in Shining Armour and take you to Prom?" I know....corny..... But what this story has led up to is sharing why I Love Leif Hightree. That line sums it up.
ISBN 9781402251627
Of course, courage is subjective. If you’re not afraid to do something, it doesn’t take courage to do it.
This song came on the radio today, and it went perfectly with my emo attitude and my sucky day.
to think that Hadlee is getting to watch
The "Roses" Cuttlebug folder is used for the background, and the edge is punched with the SU Scallop Trim punches. The flowers are inked around the edges, glitter added (of course), and layered. The buttons are then set in the centre.
Recommended by Boomkat.com, here’s some new sound bytes via their Soundcloud.
KID: "LOUDER!! It needs to be LOUDER, Daddy!!"
There are no monkeys in cathedrals.
Chinese cooking wine (shao shing chiew, optional), 1 teaspoon
and an infant to care for
Hopefully he'll be healed enough to go outside and play too. We've finally gotten snow!! Can't wait to take the kids sledding and build a snow fort :)
Navajo Community's Drinking Water At Risk
You can make absolutely anything you want as long as it's to celebrate a Birthday and this is the prize from the lovely guys at Sir Stampalot for this months lucky challenge winner:
*nods happily*
Blue + orange
Its gently gnarled, mature form reminds me of a wise grandmother. As it happens, my wise mother-in-law is visiting from Tennessee right now to help me get our house ready for sale. She brought Southern Living magazine with her and, as it happens, it contains a recipe for lemon-coconut pound cake.
Sometimes the sensation is more acute -- and typically when this happens, we can't quite put a finger on the wellspring. Tragedy helps us to get more viscerally in touch with this persistent phantom. Have you ever passed through a situation which drew from you a cataract of tears or a poignancy of sorrow which seemed disproportionate to the particular event? What happens, I believe, is that we carry within a wound which simply requires the right kind of prodding to ache, because it is the sort of injury which never scabs over.
Nate: He can hear you!
so gentil and so small
You chance to look out the window and see the softened morning, hard edges gentled by the mist, and you know...you know you must go out into it, into the softness, breathe it, exhale your hardness into it, close your eyes and feel it surround you, explore your face with tentative fingers, brush your arm, your leg, like a lover touching with tender wonder, smoothing the roughness, replacing it with peace, with sweetness that flows through you like honeyed light.
I must apologize for lack of hot pads and dishtowels, they escaped my possession before I had the camera ready, but I have been assured that they are in their rightful place in my daughters retro kitchen right where they belong :)
So far I have no proof that we are that mature. And so we spend a lot of time and money (and political air time) saying things CAN be perfect, and looking for someone to blame when — well gollllly — they aren’t.
Could she be oh-so-helpful and get Madelina to her birthday party? 'Cause we're, like, a little busy trying to find our cows that escaped. Laura was the first of many to exclaim "The whole herd?", referring to our herd of 42 grassfed cattle of varying ages, sizes and maturity levels. Thankfully, no. They were still happy as clams (what does that mean?) in their pasture.
na mat-praṇītaṁ na para-praṇītaṁ
So what the heck is it, and how does one go about it?
While Dave took a well deserved nap in the sunshine, I errected two bamboo wigwams. I planted some peas and will plant more in about three weeks, that way I should have a longer supply of peas during the summer instead of them all cropping at once.
The second picture is missing a white collared shirt to be layered underneath the gold tank.
A ‘ROADSHOW’ STAR Grabs the Gavel."
As i drove that familiar route to the clinic, and pulled around the final corner, i breathed, "Gimme a sign Father... i come here and i go. So often, i don't speak a single word to another human being in the time that i'm here... Can you let me talk to someone today?"
30 designers, FIVE shopping sprees each day! No one knows where the prizes will be! Each day of the hop, JustRite will have five mystery blog candy prizes hidden along the hop with a total retail value of $600.00. JustRite will randomly select five mystery blogs each day of the hop and randomly allocate each of the shopping sprees. For your chance to win, simply leave a little love (a comment) on each designer's blog including the JustRite blog. The more designers you leave comments with, the better your chances of winning! Each day's comments will remain open for 3 days. A winner from each of the mystery blog's comments will be randomly chosen using Random.org. Consult the listing of designers at the JustRite blog each day (Each day the designers are different) and start on your way! Beginning Friday, March 26th, summaries of all the winners will be posted on the JustRite Blog. Good luck to everyone and enjoy all the JustRite eye candy along the way!
Style Challenge:
(Cercas flipped through the books and saw they were worn copies.)
“No,” she said. “You could throw yourself out of the window, drag yourself through the glass, eat it all and beg for me to come back, and I would still say no.”
We will give you a punch card and if you get it punched at each location we will give you a limited run Indy Crawl Pint glass!!! Must be 21 years old to participate.
Getting a mortgage is not like going out and buying a new coat. You look at the coat, it feels good when you try it on and the decision is made to buy it. The department store has no risk; if you don't like it....most of the time it is your regardless. Buying a house is the biggest investment an individual will make and it is something that should be permanent; unless selling and buying again etc. Certain risk are there for any applicant as the future is not know by anyone. What tomorrow brings we do not know until it is here but lender must do the right thing and evaluate each applicant by the book; using common sense where applicable.
From a wardrobe point of view: the little black dress, beautiful shoes and choice accessories never fail, either altogether or as starting pieces for an outfit.
So, should I write more of what you’re reading, or more of what moves my spirit? I’m thinking I’ll keep doing both.
Entry #61
82-761-7981
2. Sunshine.
“Sweetos is an economical substitute for molasses. Sweetos guarantees the masking of unpleasant tastes and odor and improves the palatability of feed. This product will be economical for farmers and manufacturers of cattle feed. It can also be used in mineral mixture,” said Craig Petray, CEO, The NutraSweet Company, a division of Searle, which is a part of Monsanto.
May 6
The three variant covers:
Lesli designed this runner with large pomegranates and flowers---I wish their picture showed the whole design---we had lots of back and forth input when she was designing this piece and I think it is turning out great. Way to go Lesli!
Doing a sit-up doesn’t train your ab muscles to do the job for which they were designed – keeping your spine straight and secure and providing power for your movements. In everyday life, “the abdominals are braces,” says McGill, author of “Ultimate Back Fitness and Performance”
4. Be prepared. The new property that you buy may require renovations. In this case, ask the seller for permission to begin renovations before the full payment is made. In most cases this requires a 25% down payment.
Venus Rocks, the third book in the series, boasts a girl pirate, ghost ships, and a fantastic Cornish setting. Lost love, missing treasure and a vicious ghostly villain make for a page-turning book certain to hold the attention of readers, and especially girls, aged nine plus. With each new book in the series, the Kitty Slade Mysteries become even more compulsive reading, and I'll be joining other readers impatiently awaiting the next instalment, Raven Hearts, out in August.
Four 6-ounce halibut fillets, about 1 inch thick
I originally picked up the following recipe from Marcella Hazan’s excellent Essentials of Classic Italian Cooking. I think the proportions she originally uses have changed over time. I have found that if you don’t have quite enough meat you can use what you have, or you can also vary it with other meats, or use all beef.
Please, somebody help me!
And here is Ms Peggy.
Finally, editorial direction will almost necessarily be dictated to some extent by the internet, the one medium where the most two-way exchange of ideas between content creator and consumer occurs. It is likely that in a few years time, social media trends and responses to online articles and TV shows available on YouTube will shape traditional media content significantly.
What do we start with, the news or the winners? Of course, the winners!
Seeing my children succeed is important to me as well, but I believe that my children should, can and do have the right to determine what success means for them, and that I am mistaken to assume that I know what the world will be like when they grow up and what the best way is for them to live in it. I don't know what the world will look like, I don't know what they will choose to do in the future, and I don't know what they will need to learn to succeed in that world on their own terms and in their own ways. I cannot engineer their lives. But I can still provide a foundation. Rather than try to plan for very contingency and attempt to give them a bit of everything so they can succeed, I can help them develop confidence, curiosity, adaptability, passion, unconditionality and trust, in an environment founded on exploration. Regardless of what the world becomes or what part they choose to play in it, I think that this foundation helps them see the possible.
Pour 1 cup sugar and 1 cup of water in warm pan over medium heat. Constantly stir sugar until is browns and becomes caramel. When it starts to bubble you can add a tablespoon of butter to make it creamy. Once browned, immediately pour the caramel into the pan, tilting it to swirl the caramel around the sides. Then pour in your flan mixture.
As you can see above Jim Dowson has record for being anti-gay and has actively harassed gays, this man is now in control of the party a party that is trying to clean its image, it is crazy. However it is no shock then that Dowsons and Griffins supporters or attack dogs have now been set loose on members who support Reform because the Reform group wants Dodgy Dowson to be totally 1000% removed from the party. These attacks have been very vile and are bringing Liverpool BNP and the whole party into disrepute. These attacks have been launched against veteran and respected Activists Peter Stafford Jnr on the neo-nazi VNN forum, as the video above from heretic, who we know the identity of but we wont publish as we are true Nationalists, can be seen the attacks are on his sexuality which them very same people have had no issue with for the long time they have known.
I'm pretty sure I got up at least 5 or 6 times during the 20 minutes it took me to make this binding. Then Eli decided to join in the fun. What started out as a simple binding picture turned into this:
Honest and kind experts should link veterinarian room if they feel affection for animals. Veterinarian offices do work daily. They should show regularity and consistency. Veterinarian ought to be a skilled person with practice. It will be useful to do the responsibilities in the office without any consumption of preparation phase. In veterinarian offices, professionals take care about the pets and make serious ethical decisions. Physician’s task and work requires time, management, care and suitable studies. He or she cannot attain gateway from this important work and task.
Business had no problem implementing the new technology to create it's product faster and cheaper. Business also demanded a tax break from the Fed, and more of the same from State and local govs. Big Businesses pays far less than smaller business on water and sewage. It pays far less in taxes benefiting local governments. Why should the Government give Business anymore tax breaks? Why should Local, State and Federal branches keep the taxes low for Big Business? Business has not reinvested in America. If the factories are off-shore then America does not benefit. If the labor can not work and buy a home on their salary or educate their children then what benefits does America get from allowing business to have these perks. China and Mexico have cheap labor forces but that only benefits Business not America.
Stands proudly,
My first day back at site one of my co-teachers came to visit me. I teach my private class at her private school. She told me I got dengue because I don't eat enough meat. Right. Then she told me that I should relax at home, and that they found a new teacher for my class. I tried to tell her I could come back. She told me no. I cried for the rest of the day. Honestly, if we hadn't already had this vacation planned I might have ETed at that moment. I remember a COSing volunteer in Thailand told me, "don't make any decisions about your service when you're having a really bad day". I'm glad I didn't ET in that moment. It was just all so overwhelming and emotional for me.
Bedouin Palestinians and Israelis protest outside the JNF offices in Jerusalem on Sunday
The first thing I tried were the grilled zucchini slices. OMG - they were so flavorful and garlicky - with a smoky flavor from the grill. Just incredibly delicious. The teen tried one when I ooohed and ahhhed over them (uh, he also doesn't like zucchini). He said they were very tasty...and had another bite. Who is this person in my son's body???
Piano –a typical Rufus attribute- is there to find in a few songs, yet on a much less distinctive scale. In that sense, this is another Rufus album that again bears some surprise. I think that surprise lies in its nostalgic and a bit more pop sound. Most of the songs, and especially Jericho, Barbara, Rashida, Respectable Dive, Bitter Tears or Welcome to the Ball, or even the title-song ‘Out of the game’ may well have been created back in 60s or 70s, and Rufus may well have become an alternative pop star to maybe say late Frank Sinatra back then. The album let me imagine a Rufus that would fit in very well in some alternative setting, say half a century ago (yet thanks God he is here now).
Look for the non-human. Maps drawn by snails. Birds nesting in alcoves. Spiders decorating windows. Trees on rooftops...
Amid the silence drear.’
American Vampire #26
* 1/2 tsp ground cumin
In the open rain
Lets start the fire !
Sign here. Sign now. Tweet about it. Post it on Facebook. Left or right, Democrat or Republican, I don’t care. This is more important than that.
Many religious groups in Malaysia might also be dismayed by the fact that Mr Campbell, a reformed alcoholic, enjoyed a well-known track record as a pornography writer, before becoming a tabloid journalist in the UK.
“If She Had Read The Koran, She Would Have Known That It Forbids Killing People… She Should Read The Torah And Tell Us What It Says”
Give me all your Luvin’ (Laidback Luke Remix) (***)
to any nearest police formation
Now on to siwon whom I like to call simon. Yes its easier for me to say that way though I do get his name right every so often. He posted this very cool picture. I am an art enthustist being an art geek in high school helped that.
Other fair notes: the Tom Landry exhibit at the Texas Hall of State is awesome. Lots of people filed through -- quiet, interested and respectful. It's been 10 years.
The Hamburgao Beef sandwich. This consists of special locally baked sandwich bread, steak, Presunto (Portuguese Prosciutto), Bacon, Mozzarella, Fried Egg, Corn, Potato Stix, Lettuce, Tomato and Mayo. A veritable giant in the annals of sandwichdom.
And I love it. Oh, how I love it.
Then the movie “Food Inc.” took us behind the scenes, blowing-the-lid off the corporation-controlled food production practices of the US cattle industry.
I wrote this because God, spoke to my heart to share about my harden heart I hope my testimony about my cold heart condition can encourage you to seek God, for Love, because True love can only be found through God, He, placed in all of us the desire to seek His, love but because of being born into sin we seek love else were which leads to a harden heart and troubling situations.
I was recently asked for some ideas on healthy toddler snacks, now everyone has different standards for "healthy" snacks. To clarify, for me healthy snacks mean all natural, non-gmo (genetically modified organisms), preferably organic, unprocessed, no artificial colors/flavors, no high fructose corn syrup, and no MSG or like substances. Using natural sweeteners like honey and maple syrup is also important, but I'm not terribly bothered by using organic cane sugar. So over the next few weeks, I'll try to add a few ideas for snacks that meet my standards for healthy. I'll also throw in a tutorial here and there.
Visiting the pub ten years ago it was going downhill fast. The original design of a large bar, lounge, best lounge open at weekends and outdoor sales was knocked into one vast soulless room driving away the more refined customers leaving behind a number of unsavoury characters. The most recent manager had been waiting for a new housing development to breathe life into the area but eventually gave up to concentrate his efforts into the nearby Derby Arms. So another 'community local' is no more.
He loves to swing, to jump with "dada", and he just recently discovered his little chair that we have for him. I will often find him pushing it to a random place, then he'll crawl up in it, and sit back, with a satisfied look on his face.
Blog reviews/Book websites: 26
So we got back home at 11:30pm, and my family were all asleep. I snuck in my room, grabbed my laptop, and came to the couch. And noticed that there were only 1 of the 4 new decorative couch pillows. I didn't turn the lights on, but where could they be? They were there when I left. I wonder if a small child snuck out, grabbed a few, and went back to bed. But how random is that. Maybe the mystery will be solved Sunday...
Everything starts with the website, QuickDelivery.ph, where they have a selection of restaurants (just click on “ORDER NOW” to get the list) and you can see each of the restaurant’s menu by clicking on the menu links. Our craving for something worthy of Man Vs Food challenge took us to Zark’s Burger (right at very bottom of the list).
Jellypark Challenges is looking for a handfull of people familiar with digital stamping to be part of this fun venture.
Now that the torrent of rain and flood water has subsided (fingers crossed) we can once again resume normal service and start daydreaming about our wonderful summer wardrobe to come. Of course because of all of the tropical holidays I have booked (none!) and the long summer days I spend lounging around our local swimming pool (none) that means I got to thinking about finding the perfect swimwear.
as eternity unfolds.
Enter physicist Sean Carroll, who gamely tries (and, I think, succeeds) in unravelling the controversy in a post at his website Cosmic Variance: “A universe from nothing?” He thinks that Albert and Krauss are talking at cross purposes: that there are really two sets of questions that are fundamentally different, and each physicist faults the other for not considering his pet question. I’ll post a few excerpts from Sean’s piece, which is not easy reading but will well repay your attention. These are not substitutes for reading his whole post, but will at least outline the debate, and why it’s gone nowhere:
It must be returning to work. It always throws me for a few weeks, the daily grind beginning again, after 10 weeks off. Somehow, though, it seems harder this year.
The other was an article on the drastically dropping rate of law school applicants. First line of the article: “Legal diplomas are apparently losing luster.”
Today, we live in the age of instant gratification. Success and failure can happen overnight. You do not have to wait a lifetime to become a success and attribute all that you did over time to it. You put your case in front of the audience and the verdict is instant. In one way, it’s good since that allows you the time to step back and act on your next endeavor before a lifetime has passed away.
“Women of the tamas guna are selfish. Whatever is wrong from the side of a partner — and he becomes the object of scorn, mockery and hatred which are manifested in different forms.
Previous blogs show I’m not a cheerleader for Paddick, but if the poster continues to do the rounds I’ll certainly be posting this blog piece in the threads because the messages in the photoshopped poster just aren’t true.
Among all the participating at the Challenge, someone will be drawn with the random system to win this fabulous Scribble Scrabble "Haley's Collection"
I did each nail according to one of the little circles in the piece. Can you pick out which circle I did for each nail? :D
8. Burt's Bees Hand Salve
The wind is all around
Yea. That’s it.
Reginald was sitting calmly by the side of the giant bird, licking off a yolky splodge from his face.
Remember building snow forts? After a sticky snowfall we’d build a big snow wall. Then we’d mass-produce snowballs, preparing for battle. The team who built the best snow fort usually won, for their wall provided the best protection.
Indiana is the nation’s 23rd Right to Work state. Public polling shows that nearly 80 percent of Americans support the Right to Work principle, including 80 percent of union members.
coming up in the next few days!
30 degrees in the morning’s
What program, you ask? That conservatism is what is going to get them re-elected and to not realize that will the end of their "tenure."
When I was a kid, I rode horses almost every day. I actually took a bus from the Westside (Brentwood area) all the way to friggin' Northridge! I'm guessing it was about 40 miles. It took over an hour but I was able to do some of my homework on the ride.
Emma.
o MSSU Focal Point Gallery (509 S. Main) MSSU art department and students
Just as the boy with the fish and loaves had so little to offer considering the circumstances, when he brought all that he had to Jesus, it was blessed and was more than enough in the end. So it is the same with us today. I might not feel as if I have enough to offer these girls at times, but it is not about what I have to offer them, it is about what God can do with what I have when I bring all that I have to Him.
Girl points out the lamb hearts to dad, who is as curious as girl and encourages her to buy a couple.
Guinsoo: Jax.
I have loads more pics like this, what he's been up, what he's been doing with (and to) Dylan and the cats alike.
Both the Pentitential of Egbert and the Micrologus indicate that the invocation of saints seems to have originated due to the confession being made before their relics. This later evolved into a general invocation of all the saints and then of naming specific ones. The Confiteor continued to develop in the enumeration of sins, the persons confessed to and the persons invoked for their prayers - in the latter two categories, the Blessed Virgin Mary and the patron saint were the most likely choices. A missal of Augsburg in the 16th century gives an elaborate form mentioning sins in thought, speech, consent, sight, mouth, deed and omission and invoking saints Peter, Paul, Ullric (Udalric) Sebastian, Vitus, Mary Magdalene, Catherine, Barbara, and the patrons in the second half of the Confiteor.
I have three rules in relation to sex that I expect all of my partners to respect. 1 – No anal. 2 – I don’t swallow. 3 – No bruises and no bleeding (on purpose). Other than that, anything is game and I will try anything at least twice. Anal is at the top of my list because I have tried it and I do not like it and that should be good enough for anyone I’m with. The only condition on which I would actively submit to receiving anal sex is if, in return, I got to peg my partner.
Tayah got play-dough for her birthday from Jodi and now it's something she asks to play with every day. She makes all sorts of creations and loves mixing colors. We have a budding artist on our hands.
* Go to the Children's Museum
The advertising can range from business card size to a full page. Simply click now on the new and highly interactive Raleigh RoughRiders site. Once there, click the sponsorship tab to review advertising rates.
This is Cameron's card. His mom loves monkeys and she decorated the nursery in several colors to keep it sort of gender neutral.
Mrs.Aminata Abdullahi
In 1990, a jury decided that Ford infringed on Kearns' patent, though it concluded the infringement was not deliberate. Ford had contended the patent was invalid because the windshield system contained no new concepts. But Kearns argued a new combination of parts made his invention unique.
These are ‘syiok sendiri’ statements.
Nathan:
On a related note, if a minor child is traveling with just one parent, the other parent will need to provide a notarized letter authorizing the child to leave the country. This can be important if your spouse and kids are planning to join you in, say, Paris, after you finish your business trip.
The next issue I have here is that what the commercial is advertising has very little to do with the beer itself. The new “home draft” system, reminiscent of the often scoffed at Franzia boxed wine, is really the star of the show here. Coors is infamous for promoting themselves, not based on the flavor of their beer, but on the mountains that turn blue and their “ventilated” cans that make their beer easier to drink. And now its this boxed beer. With all of the technological advances of Coors’ packaging, it is obvious to me that their product cannot speak for itself.
Where: The Oakley Pub
A vast quantity of information about this festival (although little else about the devotee’s presence there) can be found here.
But to take a wrong turn, there is no word “wrong” used to express it. Palawano uses suey, which has no component of wrongness in its meaning, and they add an “accidental” prefix teg- (think tug as in tugboat). So tegsuey means to “take a wrong turn.” Literally, it would be translated “accidentally turn.”
It’s liberating to visit this famous film in such a different way. Finally, I appreciate Nosferatu’s artistic scope—encompassing not only horror, but also comedy, its unexpectedly close cousin. Nosferatu can, and should elicit chuckles, and we’ll no longer fear to laugh, because now, we’re sure we’re laughing with it.
Sunday 11 March is the Third Sunday of Lent. Today we looked at the story of Jesus cleansing the temple. The temple had occupied an important place in the life of the Jews but Jesus could see that it was being used wrongly. Far from being filled with the glory of God, it was filled with cattle, sheep, doves and money-changers, a marketplace rather than a place of worship. Those who witnessed Jesus’ actions were shocked. What they didn’t realise is that he himself was the new temple.
Frankly the girls scare me even more. The Cherub should not be heading off with twenty or so FHM supermodels.
Anyways…. Back to normal life. I’m really excited today because we pick up the truck and I know it’s gonna look SO awesome. We have been waiting all week for this. I’m also really excited because I think I got my part-time job and the substitute job! YAY FOR 2 JOBS! I’m excited because I have been wanting something like this for a while. And either job I can do if in fact my clomid works and i get prego! Which brings me to my next topic…
At 15 minutes after 4 on Friday afternoon April 12, 1850 Adoniram Judson died at sea, away from all his family and Burmese Church… ten days later his third wife Emily (his previous wives Ann and Sarah had died on missionary service) gave birth to their second child who died at birth. She learned four months later that her husband was dead. She returned to New England that next January and died of tuberculosis three years later at the age of 37.
chisel me with tenderness
Into a large mixing bowl add the flour, salt, sugar and egg. Mix well.
Just a quick note to let everyone know that Amy at Bumble Bee Lane is having a Sweet Liberty Swap.
Trust
tomorrow is Good Friday & we will be coloring eggs as well hugs to all and God bless
Subject: RE: HELLO
As I write this I notice that I have tattoos, rings and the necklace Frankie bought me, all on me with at least 5 other things I can see without getting up off the seat that are positive affirmations . Go on and try it; you may find it life changing or you may find that it brings just a little bit more happiness into your life. Let’s face it, who couldn’t use some more happiness.
About halfway through painting out the trim, I realized that the original air-nail holes had never been filled and were far more obvious in the white trim. So, we snagged up some white paintable caulk:
I brushed my teeth and hair. Threw on my ironed clothes and dirty socks. The only ones I could find. It was taking too long to dig through the sock drawer. I grabbed some makeup and tossed it in my bag and ran out the door while scrubbing my face with a baby wipe. Adrenaline and panic are not two of the best morning guests.
It is one of the great attributes of God, that He hates sin. Israel sinned greatly for their millennium and a half of history proved their human nature of sin. God did not give them up but He did set them aside. This is shown in Romans 11:11.
The answer that I have... is love. All encompassing, available to everyone love. The kind of love that isn't dangerously close to hate, the kind of love that doesn't result in jumping to anger, the kind of love that isn't available to only a certain definition or population. I do not believe in "love the sinner, hate the sin." I believe we are all sinners so let's just love everyone and leave the sin determining to God. I believe that applying that statement to homosexuality is wrong because I do not believe homosexuality is a sin. Period. God loves gay people. God created gay people. God doesn't make mistakes. Being gay isn't some great temptation of the devil. Being gay is BEING. It's creation, not choice.
Graham Andrew Berkeley, 37, Boston, Mass.
I was recently reminded that energy is a scarce and valuable commodity. A news story that I recently worked on opened my eyes to just how different life is in other parts of the world. One day globalization will bring energy to the remotest parts of the world. Knowing this, it should come as no surprise that policy makers and businesses are working together to develop safe and reliable energy solutions. But, this would only work if society and the world’s leaders came to a unified agreement. In the meantime community organizers are developing their own partnerships to motivate positive change on a smaller scale.
Of all the ways in which commerce and art can collide and collude, the nurturing of the dreams of youth must surely be among the most worthy.
One might thus return to The Boy's extruded verbal material where he writes so glowingly of "choice". What choice have aggrieved and injured parents, when the judicial system abuses them and the politicians fail to respond? Then, of course, it is for the media to take up cudgels, as the Mail is finally doing, long after Booker has been ploughing a solitary furrow on the issue for some years. Better late than never, one has to say.
The DAP yellow shirts should instead take note of the anti-Chinese sentiments expressed by YouTube users where almost none credited the said Chinese woman with an ability to speak Malay.
Follow through in your spiritual guidance past the immediate circumstances to the next step, for your further learning.
We all stood in front of it last week commenting on how much we liked that it’s inset – it makes it look like it’s been their forever, like something you’d see in an old house:
5B. Cityscapes and Sound – TEL 236
I failed to grab my camera.)
More later!
If you think it’s hard facing a judge today, think of that day. Think of today as a little trial run. If you think your judge today is unfair, imagine how unfair it’s going to seem to your friends when God says, I’m sorry; but you never turned from your wicked ways. I called you but you would not come. I gave you many chances but you would not listen.
We started early at the school. Little Miss's 'forskoledag'--a sort of open house for all of next year's new students to come in, meet their teachers, and see their classrooms. I don't necessarily like that I'm the sort of person who cries at these prosaic little milestones. But I can't help it. I am. And I did.
It has been a rough week here in the northeastern US thanks to Snowtober, or the Hallow-easter. Snow before Halloween, what's up with that. Didn't care much that Trick or Treating was postponed since I didn't buy any candy, but I never get any kids anyway. The heavy snow caused downed trees, tree limbs and power lines snapped off, which shut down everything. Power outages have lasted anywhere from several hours to days, with varying levels of inconvenience Mine was out for 3 1/2 days, bad enough but not as awful as being without for 6 or 7 days. Still, 3 days of cold, powerless, flushless captivity can get the best of anyone. The generator was handy for running a little heater since our pellet stove was on the fritz, but is was mainly boredom and cold. I spent hours in my car driving around to nowhere in particular.
and learned about thirds. We sang the song "Bought Me a Cat" which has a lot of
Indigenous peoples have the right to participate in decision-making
But perhaps the most provocative moment of the movie is found early on when Barbara Bouchet’s character Patrizia, who oddly enough rents a penthouse flat above the Spriano family, reveals herself as a paedophile! Now this isn’t a Feliniesque moment like the opening one, where the lads merely want to catch a glimpse of the prostitutes “tits like melons”. This is a raw, confrontational, full on flirtation where the fully naked Patrizia invites Michele to go to bed with her. If not for being saved by his mother who calls him back to the first floor. Patrizia, talk about a complex character, and it’s later revealed that she not only has an appetite for young boys, but she’s a
Though that fundamental sweetness and generosity of spirit was there at 22, it was not ALWAYS there in those years. There was a cynical side as well, a restless loneliness about John, as he tried to assimilate what it would mean to eventually lose his sight-- and at the same time resist letting that define him.
I don't think it is, but I always feel like saying that, I suppose because I love Lent. It makes me feel good. I feel like I'm making spiritual progress.
the brazen, exceptional strumpet appeared.
Before I announce the winner of my contest, I'd just like to thank everyone who entered!
How money paid to agents and informers is hidden and spent is crucial to their survival.
From the garage, I will dig out all of the stuffed animals my sons played with when they were young: Oakley the Snowy Owl, Camilla the green and white duck who flew in one Easter, Corny the sentimental Scarecrow, the plush armadillos and possums and foxes. They shall all be my friends.
At least half the fun of going to a party is in the anticipation: it's not just the hours spent getting ready, it's endless debate about what to wear.
The winner of the 1 digi file is # 4 Jenn Zeeb
What if the doc was wrong? Maybe he was just feeling her butt?
AcuGraph Answers: Answers to the most common AcuGraph questions. This is where you’ll find answers to questions that others just like you have had. It’s our AcuGraph FAQ (frequently asked questions) page!
Still, I loved this flawed man who through being a father moves to adulthood and maturity. Drew will be one of my favourite characters for quite a while!
All love and peace to you this day, dear friends. We will speak again.
1 - 2 shots gin
Super bold pattern on bottom...more subtle black & white stripe on top!
Well, here we are again, another year, another decade. Optimism about the future is tempered with a nagging sense that underlying factors causing most of the misery in the world still exist. Lucky, then, that I’m a musician and not a politician.
I waited by the side of the building for 10 minutes before texting a friend. The abridged version went something like “WTF?!?” I lingered outside under the surveillance camera for exactly 15 minutes until the leers and increasingly bad weather became too much.
Setting
When we were in France for the week between Christmas and New Year, we did quite a bit of home cooking. We invited our friends Ken and Walt for lunch and Nick decided to do one of his favourite puddings, pears poached in red wine.
And now, at the pinnacle of the story, I am lying on my stomach, a half-empty bag of frozen veggies propped against my butt.
Good evening everyone I hope your not superstitious this being Friday the 13th, I think I may just stay indoors though, just in case lol...I have popped on today to show you this stunning stamp from Wild Rose Studio, isnt it beautiful, its called Bella and Butterfly and its a dream to colour, I used distress inks and teamed it up with these stunning papers from the Echo Park - This and That Charming paper pad, this is a stunning pad, full of colour and fabulous designs...all the details of this card and others are on my blog as always...whatever your up to today I hope its a lucky one for you
Trying to get back into the swing of things....I am so loving this weather! To have to turn the air on in March is unheard of but it was 80 degrees today (in the house!) the air conditioner was broken for two days but now its ALL BETTER!
What happens when a company retroactively purchases (from a few newspapers) the right to sue website owners where copies of the newspaper’s articles appeared for alleged copyright violations?
part of the yard is fenced off for keeping chickens. there’s even a coop. it’s entrapment! i can’t have an empty coop in my yard! i harbor some reservations about keeping chickens, but i think i’m gonna go for it. there are so many signs that it’s meant to be. first the coop, then there was a free backyard chicken class yesterday, and directly from there i went to an antique store where i found a cool old chicken feeder…i still have a lot of research to do, but knowing me, i’ll probably pick up some chicks later this month.
Within seconds he was spitting out the teeth of the rich.
5) What are the neighbours like?
But rising global temperatures over the last century are causing climate experts to worry. Most atmospheric scientists attribute the change to carbon dioxide and gases released into the air by gasoline-burning engines and other industrial processes. The gases tend to trap heat in the atmosphere like a greenhouse.
She had drifted too far from the party…
Once its out of the oven, I garnished with more fresh rosemary.
While gullible Afrikaners are striving for an independent volkstaat (a white Homeland) exclusively for selfish Afrikaans speaking hypocritical Christians and while so-called Boers, still clinging to their Misguided Attachment to the Netherlands are striving to get back their Boer Republics that were given away by their Boer forefathers, they are blind to South Africa's Looming Revolution and are not seeing South Africa's Rolling Clouds.
As long as I kept weight off my foot and didn’t overextend the nerves in my leg, I didn’t feel pain so much as discomfort and tingling. If I did anything to tweak the nerve in my heel, I’d yelp and wince in pain, so I was very careful.
“River says, “What’s rule one with the Doctor; he lies”. River says she does too, how it’s been so hard seeing Amy, Rory and the Doctor, and knowing who she really is (Amy’s daughter) but not being able to say. Curiously, she also says she recognised the astronaut in 1969 but had to stay quiet.”
I added a squirt of lemon, another of ketchup and another of hot sauce, put it in a pretty bowl, with a bigger one full of tortilla chips beside it, called it a dip, and it was great.
The sweet potatoes were tossed with olive oil, salt and pepper and baked at 425°F for 35 minutes, flipping halfway through cooking.
But always dips down,
Ale Stars at The Local Taphouse in St Kilda will tomorrow night sample the darkish joys of brown ales and all the deep mysteries that lie within. This is probably a style that many are unfamiliar with - I guess it is seen as something of an English peculiarity. The fact that Australian brewers who have a Brown Ale in their portfolio are happy to promote them as English style probably confirms the view.
ignorance and to educate men as to our existence and our needs. This is an
The doorbell rings somewhere above me, on the first floor (it’s a design fault). Outside, between the pub and the wheelie-bin stands a smartly-dressed estate agent, with the look of someone who has come to claim a prize, or is here to sell me something I don’t yet realize I don’t want.
Long Beach Apartment Catches Fire
I know people like this. Too many. I can’t spend a lot of time with them because they suck the life out of me.
If you are honest and frank, people may cheat you;
Perhaps representing a new post-superstar phase of Björk's life, Vespertine is about craving sanctuary and solace. 'Hidden Places' has a smudgy glow, like you're hiding under a blanket and the light's coming through the same colour. 'Cocoon' is even more intimate: Björk and boyfriend make love in the night, half-asleep, in "a saintly trance"; they "faint back" into slumber, then Björk wakes up again and he's still inside her. Björk's vocal – so breathy it crackles and sparkles, as if covered in the furry spikes of crystals forming in solution – virtually pulls the listener under the sheets with her.
We burn lots of candles in this house. So I am always and forever purchasing candles. I re use the jars to store my craft bits and pieces.
221 ***6. “The Limitations of ‘Creation Science’.” Distributed by Public Research, Syndicated, Claremont, California. Greek Star, Chicago, Illinois, November 2, 1989, p. 3 (and other newspapers). (Source: Item D-III/13/1985, below. Incorporated in Item B-5, above, pp. 341-44 (1992).)
my inamorata, that word is mine.
Businessmen, -women, clerks, students and randos like me all tried to get as close as possible to the automatic doors of the elevated station to avoid missing our precious bus. Whenever a bus arrived, the doors slid open and everyone screamed and pushed. Naturally, those who had to ascend most urgently found themselves before a wall of bodies reluctant to move even an inch. This might seem like rush hour in any other big city, but the change in the people that followed after waiting for several minutes was — honestly? — frightening.
What are Rogation Days?
-Never underestimate the power of an early start. Also you are not losing time or wasting it.
Author: Susan May Warren
With this in mind, here are a few things that I have been working on to help solve this problem. Most of this has been on my “Plan of Attack” for many years now! Hopefully they will be usable ideas that will be relevant to you!
This is a cycle that has played over and over in my life. It’s played out each and every time I have gone to counseling. We start making progress, get to the part about where this hurt might be coming from and then I chicken out and stop.
They are a good way of using small scraps of wool. I've worked out that one flower takes me about 113 inches of dk wool using a 4mm hook. There's nothing more annoying than running out halfway through.
Now Queenstown isn’t named the extreme capital of the world for nothing. Sure I signed up for the water touch option and requested that only my hand touch the water, but had I known what was about to happen, I would have worked my hair up into a good lather before jumping.
UPDATE – October 14, 2010 – Spent a nice hour this morning (4 am – 5 am) with Comet Hartley 2 – well, too much of that time trying to figure out how to find it with the Orion 110ED which is mounted on a parallelogram mount in my observatory and gets kind of complicated to point near the zenith. But I found the comet in just 30 seconds of looking with the 15X70 Celestron binos. That was easy and the comet seemed significantly larger and brighter than it was in my other observations of the past week. In ease of finding with those binoculars I would put it about halfway between M33 and M31. It seemed larger in the binoculars, as well. It was not nearly so easy inthe 8X50 finder – but certainly clearly visible.
Flowers: Unknown
Ejaz Wasay charts China’s progress to economic powerdom.
Third, small businesses, much like people, take more action in environments that are simple and easy to understand. Just like fewer and fewer people train for jobs that require greater education and experience, fewer and fewer businesses invest in projects when it takes an ever-increasing amount of knowledge of markets, taxation, and regulatory policies simply to participate. And just like standard levels of education and training do not guarantee success among humans, the necessary bureaucratic minimum for business participation does not guarantee success amongst businesses. You have to excel to be successful and in order to excel you have to be more knowledgeable than the competition. With increasing regulations and more complicated tax codes, how can we expect more businesses to participate in markets, when fewer businesses are capable?
My brother and his wife just had the cutest baby boy ever. Little Luke's blessing was today and he looked so cute on his suit, with a little tie and a vest, he looked adorable. I was supposed to bring them a white outfit, but since I procrastinate all the time, I never made it to their house which is like 1 hour away from mine. Besides, white outfits for babies are ridiculously expensive!!
There is just So. Much. To. Do. Those days when you feel like you're wading through treacle? Lots of those. In advance of some surgery coming up in the autumn, Eldest's physiotherapy takes up every second waking thought. (Please don't assume that I'm just talking about daytime waking). Exercises. Stretches. Standing frames. Splints. Night splints. Gaiters. Yoga. Nowhere is safe. For example, here is a picture of my child's feet in the cinema:
Different thickness blades create different roll stiffness; they must be removed from the rockers and replaced to achieve this.
Rainier was later removed from the vehicle and taken into custody. He was booked in the Pasco County jail on charges of impersonating a law enforcement officer and resisting arrest without violence.
Mix the first three ingredients in a small saucepan and bring just to a boil, then let simmer and thicken slightly. Taste before adding dry mustard and cayenne to see if the sweet/tart/spicy balance is to your taste; I like mine more on the tart/spicy side, which is why I started with less maple syrup. (I ended up using about 1 cup of it in the end, proportional to the other ingredients.)
sticky orange dust filling your hands
Warm Regards and Deepest Blessings to All,
The release is completed by Death Mask and the title track. The first is another that crawls and lurches with a hungry and persistent menace without ever going for the throat. The riffs gnaw and scrape emotions whilst the vocals taunt with a confidence and knowledge of the power they hold over the crumbling senses before them. Again there is nothing openly new being brought forward but it is thoroughly fascinating and near irresistible. The closing Pareidolia finishes up as the opener started by numbing responses and emotions with deliberate and venomous plodding violation. The song is the best on the release a consumption that one openly welcomes. The track brought thoughts of 80’s German band X-Mal Deutschland, another non metal band which shows the flavoursome feel to the music.
Just a quick little catch up and i hopefully will get some photos uploaded soon of my work .
Rebecca's life sucked before she became an angel. Crappy apartment, awful jobs, abusive boyfriends--it was no wonder she jumped at the chance to escape it all and become a real live angel. The problem is Rebecca's not very angelic,and she'll have to do more to earn her wings than end her love affair with the word f--er,frick.
The OECD (Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development) convention against bribery, to which Britain signed up in 2001, rules that investigations should not be influenced by the national economic interest, or the potential effect upon relations with another state; the allegations pre-date 2001, when the OECD convention was incorporated into British law- but if deemed ethical today ….. (fill in your own thoughts)
Grade 4 I chose piano:
1/2 cup of mirin
If “YOU” can put the customers fears aside…..YOU will make the sale!!!
HE knows the truth.
Several tablespoons olive oil, as needed
And listen to how it happened -
Speaking of Rose, you are becoming such good friends! When I pick you up from your crib each morning, you are always so happy and I just love to hug you. But then, you want to lean down and rub Rose. It’s really cute. We’ve been working on saying “Rose” and asking you what sound Rose makes — “woof woof”! You stare at my lips trying to take in what I’m saying. I know your little mind is processing it, and before we know it, you’ll be saying “Rose, woof woof!” and chasing her around the house!
- Unintended Consequences of DOT Regulations Fee: Unintended Consequences of DOT Regulations Fee of $2.00 per one way travel per traveling customer applies to most international reservations excluding bookings completed at Spirit Airlines’ airport locations as well as flights originating in or departing from airports in Colombia or Panama. No fee will apply to certain discount fares.
The next problem is that the hearts are top heavy. This makes is more difficult to dip into the chocolate. When I started to dip, I could feel the pop was not very secure on the stick. Through trial and error, I was finally able to dip and keep the hearts on the stick. I'm trying to figure out a way to describe it, but I think you have to feel out while doing it. Just go slowly, take your time. Once the heart is covered in chocolate and sets until the chocolate is hardened, it will be very secure on the stick and you can proceed normally without worry it will fall off.
Mr Hickey said he had been surprised to discover the passports were for the IRA. “I wouldn’t have thought Colton was working for the IRA like that…if he was, he was only doing it for money”.
Once the zinc phosphide is ingested, the dog quickly becomes sick and owners typically rush them to a vet for care. But the chemical reacts with stomach acid and water to produce the toxic gas phosphine.
were misleading and could be substantiated.
Now Mrs. Avery (Lucky’s mom) never did none of that.
There are many theories of how Machu Picchu was used by the Inca Empire but several are more accepted than others. Some believe it was an estate of the Inca emperor Pachacuti (who may have overseen most of the construction of the site). Many of the human bones recovered from the site are female, leading some to believe Machu Picchu was some sort of monastery for chosen women. Based on the number of trails leading to and from Machu Picchu, some now believe it could have been a center of commerce as well as a political, religious, and social center. Whatever its function, it is an impressive site and an incredible example of the blending of architecture into natural surroundings.
Wasserman-Schultz: the Republicans
I love the mix of grace, attitude and casual realness in these photos. I've always loved Marilyn just for the fact that she was such an incredible sex symbol and yet she wasn't a toothpick-- she had curves and she knew how to work them! She oozed confidence and I could definitely learn a trick or two. I really want to watch some classic Marilyn films now... "Gentleman Prefer Blondes" or "How to Marry a Millionaire" or maybe "Some Like It Hot" ... Do you have a favorite?
How to thank Allah (s.w.t) at your best
The amount of real food I eat isn’t much. I would eat 2 slabs of kit kat and skip dinner to make up for it. Or eat a slice of cake and walk home. My body is not getting the right nutrients because I’m such a junkie foodie. And worst, when I go out with my friends, it’s more cakes, more fast food, more nonsense.
Step 2: Add the salt and lightly stir through. Yep, going well.
"You turn into just pieces of mush," Mrs. Obama said. "I tell my children to eat my vegetables, and Grandma is like, why. 'Why can't they have whatever they want?' And I’m like--these were your rules. Don't you remember? 'No, no, I don't remember ever making you eat vegetables. Ever.'"
I've realized that the only people I can please are the ones who want me to.
Now yes, I do understand why the government has done it. If Holden goes then a lot of people will be affected, not just the people who actually work at Holden's.
The recipe directions call for marinating the chicken for 30 minutes or up to 3 hours. I went closer to the 3 hour mark, while I prepped all the ingredients, and made other dishes to serve with the chicken. It was a pleasant and aromatic afternoon in the kitchen.
Live with the consciousness that you’re a victor in Christ
1) You will be taunted by a second wardrobe
Enjoy …PeterC
The hubs and I hosted a small Derby Party. A few days before the party I bought the book, Bite by Bite, by Peter Callahan. I was so inspired by the beautiful photos and brilliant ideas of Peter, I came up with a little something for the party.
The biggest threat to liberty is decay and disorder; the crowd and irrational nature (rather than government) are feared. Being good Hobbesians, tories believe the government needs to have the ability to intervene in order to promote the common good. But this means something very different for Hobbesians than it does for Boomers: it means a strong emphasis on law to ensure the security of property.
Rhododendron x ‘Variegata’ (syn. Azalea ‘Silver Sword’) (Girard Hybrid) – This sport of ‘Girard’s Rose’ was discovered in 1975 and features mid-green foliage with prominent creamy-white margins. The large pink blooms (2.5″ wide) emerge from darker buds and are borne from April to May. The leaves brown when exposed to cold winter winds. Grows 3′ tall and 4′ wide. Zone 6.
My cousins and I were in a car being driven by Tito Ariel from Batangas to Manila. I don’t know what inspired us crazy kids to do it, but we started opening our window and yelling at passersby, May butas ang puwet mo!
Hey, this genie is out of the bottle and there’s no putting it back in now, not even if we wanted to try! But I believe Lester’s bold move is having an impact.
10. Blaq Poet and Ty NItty - Movie Villains
On Wednesday, Panday started feeling pain. The magistrate remanded the case to Tuesday and ruled he be kept in custody, Colonel McIntosh Polela said.
So Ticketus only have a contractual right against Rangers. This will give them only a claim in insolvency if Rangers go into liquidation.
Mission Brand tortilla chips
Do I have a broad back?
One of the greatest things that Apple has achieved is providing their customer with an unbeatable user experience. From the packaging to the customer care, everything is thoroughly thought and focused on making it perfect.
I always forget to ask for help, but sometimes bouncing ideas off someone, asking for help printing your work, or even having someone pick you up food or coffee will help. I'm sure you do a lot for your friends and family, so cash in on that!
Can the highly contaminated water be cleaned and discharged? Yes:
saw my first robin
How on earth, in 2005 when Google had already gone public and when the popular search engines had already taken over ‘Search’, could a Board including university librarians and others who should have known better think that cataloguing the Internet, in order to produce a searchable database of about 80,000 records of the type above, have a future worth investing more £ millions?
i'm gonna have to break these bad boyz back out for the summer.
Yet despite all the available evidence disproving the ex-gay claim, the Exodus International website today contains no less than five direct references to the 2001 Spitzer study to support its message that “sexual orientation can successfully be changed.”
It was winter and the chill seemed to call for something warming.
Just us and our kitty.
The Association of Liberal Democrat Co-operators (ALDCo) is a Liberal Democrat pressure group whose aim is to promote discussion within the party on all aspects of co-operation. We believe the time is ripe for us to re-examine this concept, and we want to encourage debate on it within the party.
machine sewn,
Chung-Li VHF Radar
Unfortunately, even though polls consistently show that a significant majority of Americans want to know if the food they’re purchasing contains GMOs, the powerful biotech lobby has succeeded in keeping this information from the public. In the absence of mandatory labeling, the Non-GMO Project was created to give consumers the informed choice they deserve.
It's a great night to be deep in the Argentine pampas ...and maybe your Buenos Aires rooftop!
Turning to the FSA’s “Prudential Risk Outlook”, in truth this document sets out both the macro and micro economic context for banks to examine their own resilience. The document is a true cornucopia of information including a lot of historical data at a micro level that examines property markets in the UK, US and other selected countries though given the UK banks’ exposure to Irish property, it was surprising not to see much detail on Ireland’s property market. The document provides extensive background to the UK economy up to 2010 in the first 30 pages. It then sets out the base scenario which it says is “based on a consensus of the main private sector forecasting institutions”. It is plainly a forecast and there is none of this rameis suggested by the CBI that “it is but one of a number of scenarios”. The document describes the term stress scenario and the use of an “anchor stress” scenario which is the minimum adverse stress outlook. From about page 34 the document starts to examine in some details the finances of the banks on what might be termed a “microeconomic” level.
As a Londoner I have always loved our wonderful cemetaries. I grew up in North London, and when I was young and Highgate was closed to the public we would often climb in, a pretty big dare as the place was always in the local paper due to satanist activity. Funerals are a big thing with my family too, my Welsh grandmother had a fantastic collection of funeral cards from 1898 onwards. Invitations with the date and a quote or two from the Bible. Lovely things.
scene: the corner of michigan avenue and pearson st.
And this concludes the Ms! I started them last June and they just dragged on and on, mostly because of I started to feel bogged down by this project. Moving cross-country is stressful, especially since I've been more or less unemployed since leaving Texas (minus an 8-week stint rich in embarrassments that I will never, ever mention again). To be fair, I finished the Mystick Krewe Of Clearlight back in early February and have been playing catch-up since then. Before I launch into the Ns, I will be try to run through some of the untimely acquisitions I've picked up in the nine months that this blog has spent on the Ms, but only briefly.
What if dragons could take human shape? Would it be creepy to think of them walking among us? And what would it be like to be one, finding yourself in an alien body with unaccustomed senses and abilities, trying to navigate the human world?
This doesn’t mean I’ve turned my back on sweet yuletide treats. Far from it. Over the years I’ve discovered that some, like ribbon candy, look better than they taste. Others, like sugar cookies and Aunt Anna’s Pecan Pie are nothing less than holiday kitchen icons. And yes, I’ve been drawn in by some new trend or a glossy photograph on more than one occasion. The first time it was Bûche de Noel. I was in high school and spotted one of these magnificent cakes on the cover of Ladies Home Journal or maybe it was McCall’s. Thinking it would give our Christmas Eve table a little continental flare, Bûche de Noel became my contribution to the family feast. After a few years, I got bored with the Bûche but have continued to create an ever-changing parade of festive holiday treats. Everything from cookies, cookies and more cookies to chocolate cakes and crème brûlée have made their way into and out of my oven.
I’ve also started up on my sponsored diet again. I know It’s been a while and it’s not like I’ve been mis-behaving or anything. I’ve managed to maintain my weight so I’ve kicked the healthy eating into a higher gear to get my metabolism working again. I am determined to lose all 30lbs I said. I also want to get fitter and healthier.
Fad diets are designed to give you quick results, but because you often go back to how you ate and lived before after they’re done, you will usually gain it right back. Fad diets are often very unhealthy, they have you eating too little, or not enough of what your body needs. Atkins has you on a no carb diet for a while. Carbs give us energy and are a vital part in our bodies everyday functions. There are not something you want to completely cut out.
Time passes: the ship is still upright, it will remain so for nearly an hour, time enough to lower all the life boats. After 40 minutes of drifting it is driven further onto rocks and starts to tilt. The other officers start the evacuation procedures although the captain is still on the telephone, now denying to the Capitaneria di Livorno that the ship needs help. He then leaves the ship with another (Greek) officer.
"Not yet," I say.
WHY: Corner of Sterling Place and Nostrand Avenue in Crown Heights North
Liquid intake also helps you moisturize the mucous membranes, washing mucus in faster manner and speeds up the movement of the cilia. But make sure that you do not take coffee because doctors do not include coffee in the list of hot liquids used as a therapy for this disease.
The solution is suprisingly simple and easily understood if you have some threading background. If you have threads, don’t share state unless you are very, very careful
Pastel Nail Polish - OK that's partly a lie. I love how they look. I HATE sitting around for hours fighting with them to make them look alright. Last night I painted my nails peach... when I woke up I realized they looked terrible. So, I painted them yellow this morning and they were so streaky and gross that I took the polish off right away. Then I went to my amazing signature hot pink, because it works.
I had a woman from the faith based center that I work at approach me regarding the issue of alcohol a few weeks back. She had been reading Ecclesiastes 9:7 where the author writes: Go, eat your bread with joy, and drink your wine with a merry heart. This verse was a problem for her because she had been taught all growing up that alcohol consumption was a sin. She referenced her church, her family, the Christian programs that she had been a part of her whole life, all teaching that drinking alcohol was sinful behavior that saddened God. Her question was why would the Bible suggest sinning? – - – - -
But, a lot of OBs don't accept OHP as supplemental insurance, including mine. I knew this going into it and was fine with that--it would still apply for the hospital and be a huge help to us there. However, when we met with the billing person at our OB's office yesterday, she was explaining that we'd have to pay $300 a month to cover the remaining $1000 or so we have left before we hit our deductible, plus the 30% after that. I almost cried. We told her that we were more than happy to pay in full, we just couldn't pay $300 a month. We're still paying down the skin cancer surgery/biopsies/doctors, which are broken into multiple different bills, and I feel like I'm having to spend an inordinate amount of time each month explaining to people in various billing departments that we budget down to the penny each month and will send them absolutely as much as we can, but that it may not be as much as they are asking. Still, we get letters that say things like, "Thank you for your payment. The minimum payment that we require is ____. Please send that amount next time." It's hard sometimes, trying to make everyone happy. Often, they're not, but we're doing the best we can.
during the month of Jan.,
This article first appeared in April 2009.
Sew on a button and butter the bread.
If you don’t like Zooey Deschanel, you hate babies. And the smell of baby powder or clean linen turns your stomach.
Creating margin probably means that I won't get Christmas cards out until the end of January, and my house won't be uber-decorated. After all, something has to give. But it will mean I make time for a leisurely visit with my dad at his Alzheimer's facility. And time to volunteer in the church nursery for a holiday-crowded event. And time to invite a new neighbor over for coffee. Hopefully, it will mean that my energy won't get diverted by a frantic, self-imposed agenda. Only by God's agenda...the essence of true simplicity.
Patrick Gerard, Rector of the Universities of Paris, and Richelieu's Maire Novelli have finalized the binding agreements which endure for a period of thirty years; the Sorbonne remains as owner, in co-operation with with both the two local authorities, the Conseil Général of the Départment of Indre-et-Loire (who until recently covered the maintenance costs), and the Town and Communes of Richelieu. The Town & Communes will now take on the responsibility for these costs, as the Conseil Général has now ceased financial contributions - from the end of year 2012. It had shouldered these since former arrangements made in 2005.
The rest is really up to the topic being presented. Sometimes the episode is painfully slow, other times it’s a laugh riot. This week, I’m pleased to report, was brilliant. If you’re a fan of anyone on this show, you really can’t miss it. It’s up on youku – just use the Japanese name of the show.
Maggie and my stepdaughter, Holly, are both vegetarian so went for a Macsween’s Vegetarian Haggis.
Me: They look exactly the same. Big nose, floppy black hair.
Information and communications
He can move the mountains,
Even this year, with how autumn gave winter a miss and headed straight for spring, there is the angst. The fears of a dry summer ahead and how the rafting companies, down valley, might not do well if there's so little run-off. Worry of wildfires and the price of fuel just for a hop up from the greater metroplex. Those tempers, brought on by season's burnout, are spiced by fears of economics and drought. Another symptom of living in what could be termed resort area. Something someone who comes to the mountains to vacation might not be able to fully comprehend.
Stillwater Artisan Ales - Rule of Thirds
This book was non stop action and I admit I felt a little lost in the beginning because it had been so long since I have read this series. I was sad to see the gang go and loved the ending . It was bittersweet to see this series come to end.
Today's card is featuring the stamp set Baroque Motifs. Now there is a set I'm sad to see leave. I used Soft Suede, Crumb Cake and Very Vanilla Card Stock and Soft Suede Classic Ink to make this card. First you stamp and then you run the Very Vanilla through the Big shot with the Textured Impressions folder. I just love that look!
The part of this story that concerns the building of the atom station in Iceland is very much true; in 1946 the Government of Iceland granted the United States a 99 year lease on a piece of land at Keflavik where they constructed a military base. The exhumation and repatriation of the remains of Jonas Hallgrimsson, Iceland’s most revered poet (affectionately known as The Nation’s Darling) also has a foundation in fact. The retelling and slight contortion of these historical details are all done with a spirit of pert impertinence. This is best demonstrated in the story by the government’s “selling of the country” that Laxness uses to insinuate the perceived loss of sovereignty that would accompany the Americans’ presence.
Long story short, Mr. Telstra, not only am I sending back your piece of plastic, but you're paying for the postage, and I'm getting a full refund. And all because I stopped speaking nicely and used the same tone of voice your company is famous for.
The article highlights the more than one thousand participants and the race organizers and the Ripley family. They congratulate everyone who helped in raising more than $87,000 for this great cause. It's the third year and every year is better than the last.
thus one age departs another comes
Ben Cater
They offer 14 shades, and the shades seem pretty forgiving overall. The shade I have, 2.3, is described as for light to medium skin with neutral undertones. They say it's comparable to bareMinerals foundation in Medium Beige, which is one of the bareMinerals shades I own - but I find the Erth Minerals foundation to be slightly lighter, but their undertones work better on me.
The project also includes an art gallery, pharmacy and coffee shop, to be ready when the newly-restored pedestrian street is completed.
No he shouldn’t resign. And I disagree with those who say this is a personal matter- they should publicly embrace his behavior. This man, who imagines someone wants to see his stout belly in a wife-beater in a grainy photo- this man EPITOMIZES Kenner. He is the ultimate expression of that city, the living symbol of its values and class, and should be its next mayor. Perhaps one day they’ll, um, erec- make that, construct- a statute of this photo outside City Hall. Here’s to you, Mr. Stocky Half-Naked Kenner City Council Guy.
It's that time of year again! Time to look at what I've got, figure out what I still need to get, and get organized. I know what works for me - breaking everything into weekly "chunks" and organizing by the week. I know what I have to do. I even have the house to myself for a few hours each day (Grandpa generously paid for sailing camp for the four girls so they will be there four days a week for the next two weeks).
My dad has two sisters - Susan and Lynn, and they have always loved me like I was their own. At least, I feel that way. Charlie met Aunt Susu a few months ago and a couple of weeks ago he met Aunt Lynn. I guess to Charlie, they are great aunts. Aunt Lynn still gets down on the floor to play, and is as fun as ever. And I am reminded at how fortunate I am to have extended family to love us, and especially Charlie, so very much.
On Sunday morning, Vinny and Devin (pictured above), along with Devin's brother Calvin, Joe, and Nina in our 17 foot Old Town canoe, held the first ever Sand Creek Canoe Race. Everyone paddled upstream to the beaver dam, which was the starting line. From there the length of the race was a good quarter mile or more. I went out to the horse pasture to watch them go by, and they were making pretty good time. Devin and Vinny were in the lead when I took this picture, but apparently there was a dispute over where the finish line was, and the three in the canoe claimed victory. A good time was had by all.
Don’t focus on your talents, or on how awesome you are because we’ve all sinned and fallen short of the glory of God and all our talents and callings are gifts from God.
Call 773-248-9555 to reserve your spot as space is limited for these classes.
I threw numbered balls into the jar to add color to the other end of the mantle.
Yesterday, an awesome, awesome reader named Thelma sent this Prezi over, it was her final presentation for a course in grad school. It's a presentation that visually traces the whole Urban Outfitters case through the lens of social media, highlighting the role blogs and other Native media outlets had in driving the story. It's really cool to see it all laid out in one place, and really does give me a sense of pride and accomplishment that we as an online community were actually able to make some measurable difference!
Kanaska wears a badge that says: “If voting changed anything it would be illegal.” She has never voted. She doesn’t see the point. . . .
Council members appreciated the planned public forum; Mayor Williams followed up to get the time and date, and both Councilmembers Seth Grimes and Fred Schultz thanked the public forum organizers and co-sponsors for setting up the forum. Councilmember Schultz said he’d distribute information about the public forum to listservs in his ward, and lauded the activists’ persistence in bringing the subject to city council meetings. He added, “persistence pays off.”
The walk back was pretty lovely too, took my time a little bit more and swam at a few of the beaches.
Most everything I had done, beforehand, had been for myself. I never had to prove anything, to anyone, but myself. Till now. One of the really spectacular things, regarding all this, is that for the first time in my life (well, maybe not the first time, go read my story on The Little Red Shoes, found on the sidebar) I had been "picked out"... set upon the stage... "chosen"... and now I had to bare the light that was shining in my face. And I had to perform.
Sounds like your typical late-eighties teen sex romp so far, doesn't it? Well, hold onto your knickers, because things take a quick left turn from ordinary before long. Part of their initiation is stealing a medical cadaver and leaving it on the steps of a rival frat house, during which they unintentionally release a nearly three decades-old corpse from deep freeze, one infested with an alien slug-like parasite that breeds within the brain and controls the body like a puppet. In short order, there are legions of these slugs crawling about and a multitude of the dead stalking Sorority Row.
Be deadening me to real cares;
I zoned out and couldn’t focus on people anymore.
11:30 p.m. GMT: Adam Nossiter of The New York Times has been in touch with several CNRDRE officers and reports no consensus among them that a “counter-coup” has been taking place, but all of them are quite concerned about fighting between their men and the red berets. It seems most English-language journalists are describing the red berets as “loyalist troops” or “troops loyal to deposed president Amadou Toumani Touré.” I think it’s highly unlikely, however, that anyone is trying to put ATT back in office, and I doubt even ATT would want his old job back at this point.
5. Cook in microwave on high heat for 2 minutes on one side and 1 minute on the other.
This is a change of pace for Obama who stated back during the 2008 elections that he was opposed to same-sex marriage, but was down with civil unions as a viable alternative.
coarse salt & pepper
Starring: Johnny Depp, Michelle Pfeiffer, Eva Green, Helena Bonham Carter
Interestingly, there’s also Docs To Go, one of Android’s premier business apps. This is a solid addition, but not something we’d realistically take advantage of with this tablet.
Pointing out these things doesn’t guarantee that the kids will be quiet and still. Well, maybe for a little bit. But we really haven’t found the magic bullet for quiet and stillness at Mass for toddlers and pre-schoolers. What I am hoping is that the kids slowly grow in their understanding of the Mass: why they are there, who they are there for. I’m hoping that when they’re a bit older, they will be quiet and still at the right parts for the right reasons.
That's what makes it open a new tab. If you don't want it to open a tab, simply take that out.
Interesting facts about Jodhpur, India
Happy WCMD, everyone!
Was the settlement fair? From the perspective of Forest City Ratner, which claimed delay was costing them $6.7 million a month, it was surely worth the cost, given that they are tamping down a vocal opponent and weakening DDDB. (The developer, according to various news reports, sought a full gag order, which Goldstein resisted.)
The practice guidelines and diagnostic criteria the ADA publishes are treated as gospel by America's family practitioners and have a strong effect on WHO's recommendations too, even though study after study shows that their diagnostic criteria fail to diagnose large groups of people and that their recommended blood sugar targets are high enough to produce significant complications.
When you look at a person’s wall, in comparison to the timeline, you get to see a person’s recent activity. It’s basically like the ticker, in page form, and it has always been there for a very long time. The ticker was never a new concept. It was always on a person’s page. If you really wanted to know what a person was doing, you could read that. Sure, it could be blocked, but on timeline, it is completely absent. No one gives a fuck about what someone did in 2009. What they’re saying today is relevant as hell, and if anything that is the only thing I miss.
Gladiator
(Ps. 22:9 (8) HRV)
Take a look at more info about Isabel De Los Rios on the net and also you can learn about her Diet solution program review.
Some of them have already been delivered in North Birmingham and they will feature on all our paper stalls around the city this summer.
The history is repeating itself like in 2008. Red Ken lied that he will step down being mayor, but he just stands up again. I do not want to put up with another 4 years of his dictatorship. I do not want that UAF leader back in as Mayor of London.
Turns out, they could really care less.
- 1Malaysia. Not Najib’s expensive PR exercise, but the reality on the ground. In the middle of the crowd, i saw the old, the young, the purdah clad women, makcik, uncle, aunties, Malaysians of all colour, singing Negaraku when facing down the full riot geared cops. My tears at that time was not because of the tear gas.
we have learned to pile on the logs,
I am still not the best at action shots. I need more practice. I guess I can work on that this summer.
40 PNG Word strips @ 300ppi
I am not exactly who I was
The VIP party seemlessly transitioned into the Girls and Corpses Beauty Pageant which was totally not my thing so I headed out of there around ten thirty or eleven to try and get some sleep.
I want to give him a hug and show him that I’m here for him and that he shouldn’t forget that. I want to just fix him, but he needs to want to be fixed. And yet I still want to smack him along side the head and yell at him to look around outside of his world and see the bigger picture. I want to point out that having an argument isn’t the same as being banished from the family, or being shunned. What I want to say, but this time I can’t…
As well as the construction of the Joe O’Reilly’s Killeen Castle golf club and the Wexford Opera House, the company has notched up an impressive portfolio of residential developments including Clonard Village (Wexford), Clonattin Village (Gorey, Co. Wexford), Avoca Wood (Avoca, Wexford), Village Gate (Ballycanew, Co. Wexford), Glencove (Courtown, Co. Wexford), The Ramblings (Piercestown, Co. Wexford), The Gallops (Naas, Co. Kildare) and Bakers Yard (Portland St. Dublin 1). Its commercial developments have included the ESB headquarters (Garrycastle, Athlone, Co. Westmeath),WexfordRetailPark.
They process his release just after midnight on the next day, and he immediately heads for the tallest building he can find. He knows I’ll have my eye on him and he wants a chance to rub his victory in my face. I hover a thousand feet up, somewhat tempted to just keep flying on. Everybody deserves a second chance, they say. If this comes back to bite us, Paradigm will save us again and put the bad man in jail, they say. Maybe I should just let this one go and show them all. But I can’t.
Historically, any attempt to dominate India has resulted in a total and long term, loss of global status of those who made the attempt, whether it was economics, politics, culture or religion. It hasn’t stopped anyone from trying though!
Doesn’t it look pretty? I think it even makes our appliances look better. Maybe I am biased and I know all the hard work that went into it so I forced myself to love it so I never have to do it again. No, we really like it, it warmed up our house and modernized it by 20 years. It was really easy, time consuming, but easy. Here is how I did it.
LET cookies cool in pan for 2-3 minutes then transfer to cooling rack
The power of slow reminds us we can do things differently, mindfully, and memorably without delving into a hectic, joyless lifestyle.
snack container easily
No really, spring is hen and baby peep time here in Key West. Traffic comes to a stop when they decide to cross the road. These peeps live in the tiny alley behing the gallery. The day before Easter mom brought them out to the front. But for some reason they decided to go in the store next store instead of ours? Maybe it was because we were having our spring open house and it was too noisy. The rooster watercolors were done in the studio the week before just because I wanted to use my new Holbein watercolors. My new favorite color is "Opera".
The second:
This man from Nazareth did not mind that people spit on him or called him dirty names. Jeshua said himself that people could even be forgiven for blaspheming him but no one would be forgiven for blaspheming Him that send him: Yah (Yah is the spirit). Yahuwah or Jehovah is His Father, he wanted everybody to get to know. Jesus took it on him to go around and walk for miles telling the Good News God had in store for every body who wanted to hear.
observant one, isn't she?!
Roxanne McMillian, surviving but paralyzed from the waist down.
I was deconstructing, decoding the message menage. I was overwhelmed by Freddy’s vault, his vast absorption of internet zines that I had bypassed as an anti-technology disciple comme artiste. Lying in bed that new January I was zapped by his blog; the beautiful sometimes hateful prose and commentary went right through my pineal gland to someplace sacred and dormant and I awakened with a big gaping hole where my third eye had been, a hole into which an uncontrollable stream of nouns and verbs and slithering slimy words poured. I wanted to vomit. I was smitten.
Moral of this story: if you want an ass of champions, to find unconditional love, have the best snuggle session of your life and never feel the need to be sad again, get yourself a dog.
I went to Boulder Running Company and they put me in a pair of Brooks Adrenalines. I liked them ok, but them seemed a little clunky. I'm a mid-foot stiker and with these shoes I have a bit of wear on my left shoe on the where the heel meets the mid-foot. I was thinking maybe this was due to the 14mm and I've been wanting to switch something with 4mm.
So I'm driving down Snelling Avenue with seven cans of dog food in a plastic sack on the seat next to me, and suddenly I hear Bill Clinton's voice, eloquent and emotional, talking about the Northern Ireland Peace Agreement, and then Seamus Heaney reads a poem, and then Riverdance begins to play this joyful, whirling tune and you can hear people dancing, stomping their feet, and drums drum drum drumming, and it sounds triumphant and strong and very very Irish. And I realize that I am weeping. Not crying, not sobbing, but driving down Snelling Avenue toward home, toward my old dog, with all this stupid dog food that he almost certainly will not eat, and I am weeping.
Their statement has reportedly urged the two governments to “renew negotiations in order to find in the shortest time possible a just, peaceful and definitive solution to the dispute.
William Hubbard is the new man in charge of the NMPDS Concealed Carry Unit. He is the one making these decisions. From what I understand he is the one who is appointed by law to make the decisions. This major change by one person is most likely making huge waves in New Mexico. We will never learn just how big of waves but I believe there is a tsunami brewing.
Project #1:
Stir and add 1/2 cup more of warm water. Cover the pot and Simmer for 1/2 hour 45 minutes or until the meat is tender.
In the studio, I've been immersed in painting a spring pieces too - in progress at the moment is another St. Gertrude piece, a tri-fold wooden screen. She's coming along nicely, and should be finished later today...
Projects I did today!
That is why I’m singin’ to tell you
or smile,
Today is May Day, the most important holiday of the year for Socialists. Defying tradition, six members of the FpU impulsively decided to take part in the May Day parade in Stavanger without asking permission.
Nurseries. This post is to give inspiration for kid's rooms. I
Looking back at this time, I have to ask myself, what is it that connects all these various strands of thought? I believe it is this: I have attempted to write everything from within a Christian/biblical worldview. I readily admit that I have not always succeeded, but this has been my desire, not only in my writing, but in my thinking and in my actions.
Then on Sunday I said goodbye to my church calling.
Suppose a close friend who is trying to figure out the facts about climate change asks whether you think a scientist who has written a book on the topic is a knowledgeable and trustworthy expert. You see from the dust jacket that the author received a Ph.D. in a pertinent field from a major university, is on the faculty at another one, and is a member of the National Academy of Sciences. Would you advise your friend that the scientist seems like an “expert”?
I’m the first to admit I read more romance than any other genre, but that doesn’t mean I can’t enjoy a good mystery when I find one and this was a great mystery. I was hooked on this story from the very first page and I found it almost impossible to put down.
February 25, 2012 (Saturday) 7:30 PM
Thanks for stopping in for this edition of...
No fever and coloring is better! I know we are waiting on a few more tests and blood cultures but I think he is improving and meds are finally working! He also took his whole bottle this morning! God is good!
1 fl oz orange juice
I want to help the hub world identify such Bar D.B.’s so that your drinking experiences may always be pleasant.
The small split on the left needed only one clamp. I used two clamps on the larger split on the right; one at the base of the crack and another to secure the tip.
I broke down and bought a gym membership. I was just having a difficult time working out enough with my daughter. The Y has really awesome membership perks for families (and individuals) and they watch your kiddo for free while you work out. This is a win/win because my daughter, who is an only child, gets to play with other kids and I get to focus on myself for a change. My husband is trying to get into shape too so he can do stuff with his adventure racing team this year. Plus, I want our family to have a gym membership so that my daughter grows up in a home where she learns the importance of being healthy and staying active.
2 Bobby Jean
Several observations arise here.
He then lays his hand of the head of each saying:
1) Bubby doesn't know it, but Dill's parents are taking her to Disneyland in a few days, along with a close-in-age cousin. So fun! I'm incredibly jealous as I LOVE Disneyland and even mustered up the strength to go when I was barely pregnant with Buckwheat (then a sesame seed Smush).
Government must be held accountable to justify that every regulation serves a purpose and is implemented in the most effective manner possible.
Well thanks for listening. Leslie
Today as I write this, it's 71 degrees outside. That probably means we're in for a blizzard in a few days, but for now, it's most welcome. I moved the black pepper plants outdoors to soak up the warm air, and hopefully some little flying pollinators will find the flowers and we'll have some peppercorns setting on.
I found myself very disappointed in one of my fellow human beings today. They had done something that I felt was deeply wrong. It was something close to my heart. Ironically I have noticed that the things I find the most repulsive in other people's actions are the things that I struggle with myself.
As in the past, when companies that did business with Arab countries were sometimes questioned as to whether they have Jews on their board of directors, today the boycott has anti-Semitic overtones. …
I know his car still won't be warm by the time he reaches the school. It is cold today. Wind chill makes it less than 20 below outside. I had woken up early and turned on the radio. I wondered why school wasn't cancelled.
Pinky and I are heading down to visit my folks in Florida on Thursday, for a long weekend. I should have some kind of post up over the weekend, probably gloating about the good times, good food and good booze we’re having, and then we should be back home Tuesday night. I’ll probably post again
120/- Ale 1088
the dance school,
Publisher: Tanglewood Press
.....Honeymoon! This is a photo of Honeymoon Bay. Remember how George & Mary dreamed of a Hawaiin honeymoon, but instead had to settle for the "hotel" with posters everywhere? It was a sweet scene in the movie.
Over the past week, it has been so heartwarming to see so many wonderful bloggers doing their bit to help the families who have been affected by the recent floods.
I went and treated myself to some pretty pink toes at the salon.
And finally.....I am a royal nut! I love all things royal and have been consumed with all the royal wedding excitement! I have read everything I can get my hands on, watched and recorded (so I can watch them again) everything that has been on t.v. this past month....and....I will be up at 3:30 in the morning to watch every minute of royal bliss! Yes, I even took tomorrow off so I won't miss a minute of coverage. I remember 30 years ago watching the royal wedding of Charles and Diana and will be perched on my sofa in the morning watching everything that being broadcast! My daughter and several of her friends will be rising early to have crumpets and tea while watching the royal nuptials...I will be chugging my coffee I'm sure, but I think the excitement of it all will be enough to keep me awake. I think I love all this pomp and circumstance because it's like watching a real, live fairytale. It's so far from my lifestyle it's just hard to believe people actually live like this...now who wouldn't want to be a princess? I know I sure would!
at which moment
That way, even if the thing sells no copies, you have earned something for your talent, time and heartache.
The woman turned around to look at him, her eyes narrowing. She said nothing in reply.
I had the option of my telephoto lens.
A few notes before we get to Day 2
I found Shaunna via a re-tweet on Twitter a few weeks ago. She’d put out a short piece on Amazon called The Roommate Crisis, and I’m not sure what I was expecting (probably fiction, since I’ve always been a fan of that, ha ha), but this seemed to be a piece of non-fiction, but I really enjoyed it.
Write your congressman, tell him he sucks
- Basically, who is behind CGH and the product line?
She did. But then, walking around a circular rack of blouses, she slipped into the middle when no one was watching. She faced the doors again—there were three of them—and simply waited. Something was going to happen, she was sure of it.
Instead, I offer Owl choices whenever possible, and I treat questions like genuine questions. If I say “can I have that?” he is allowed to say yes or no, but if I say “give it to Mommy,” it’s not a choice. But I don’t pount and beg and make a fuss while he delights in denying me, as Dr Karp recommends.
White Gel pen
LOL!!
imperfect various things chiefly which wrong
Yesterday, I finally finished my circumnavigation of the coast of Lanzarote. It's taken me about 44 hours, spread over the last 20 months, interspersed with many other walks. Originally I had no plan, just doing various stretches of the coast as the fancy took, but I eventually realised I could join them all up and complete the circumnavigation. I intend to write up the walks at some time, but I'll just describe yesterday's walk in this post.
The fountain hears the solitude of the dawn
These ridiculous and foolish incidents don’t have by accident. They usually come about with the greatest intent, predetermination and goals. And they always come from the self described “open minded” Liberal, who’s bigotry is disgusted as “fairness”.
To me those words represent a special breed.
2 - my wonderful hubby
There were, of course, pleeeenty people in the vicinity at the time I was getting up close and personal with the cement.
The inspirational woman who has made all of this happen is doing it to help people who are suffering with drink and drug problems, eating disorders, bullying and self-harm.
14. Toy Story 3
So there I was, all of 17 years old, sitting in the choir of St. Freaking Paul's Cathedral in London, listening to the most beautiful choral music I have EVER heard, and bawling my eyes out. During a service. With priests and dudes in dresses and all that stuff.
Not gonna sweat it.
Anyways, it was horrible. But really what I am wondering is am I being too ambitious with my plans? I thought this was rather a good plan, but then I thought taking him to a sculpture garden was also a good plan. Or taking Eleanor to see The Hunger Games earlier this week. And the Buddhist temple as well… (although I think that really was a good idea)
Statistics for the Issue
Sometimes I think about taking this button off, because I don't read it often, only because I don't have children. I saw this website on Good Things Utah one day and it looked pretty neat. SMMART stands for Science, Math, Music, Art, and Reading. She has come up with activities designed to take some of the harder subjects for kids to learn, and enhance their skills in that subject through simple learning activities. Some of the things on her site are pretty creative, and look fun.
Ta freakin' da!
It starts innocently enough. “I’m home, so I should be comfortable” (a barrage of tanks and capris ensue, quickly becoming the “uniform”), “my baby pulls my hair” (so I just keep it up, don’t even dry it anymore after showering- at least there is still showering:), “why fuss with makeup” (a quick coat of mascara is fine), and “no one’s noticing my jewelry and/or the baby just tries to eat it” (so sometimes I don’t even wear my engagement ring). Gasp!
Pop it into the fridge to rest for at least 4 hours or overnight.
Communication is integral in today’s pay for performance incentive environment. That’s why it’s an important activity to measure.
395 - Jim Morrison
Sid clipped the front bumper of the car beside them with what used to be the rear bumper of the Taurus, then crossed into the far right lane and plunged off the shoulder of the road.
With the sun slowly sinking below the horizon, we dove back down to San Diego proper to dine at Craft & Commerce, a fairly new restaurant & bar that does beers & cocktails (and of course, beer cocktails) pretty well. Having had our fill of brewskis already from Lost Abbey, we opted mostly for the latter, though I simply couldn't resist Curieux's siren call and got the Up in Smoke (nearest one in photo above,) where the Jim Beam-aged beer is mixed with Islay Scotch, fuji apples and lime, and the peaty smokiness was a much welcome addition to the fruity & oaky notes. Equally delicious was conbon's Lay Lady Lay (farthest one in above photo) with Raspberry Lambic, Champagne and Ginger -- surprisingly not too sweet and the ginger's spiciness definitely amplified the fizzy fun.
apparently, you are supposed to validate your tickets at the station, and we didn't realize that - oops!
The Wynkoop is Denver's staple brewpub, and they are generous to allow use of their Mercantile Room for this occasion.
Fitness has always been a huge part of my life. I have been teaching different exercise classes since I was 17 first on the side of my studies and then my journalism and PR work. I have recently launched Pop Fitness, which offers classes from circuits to ashtanga yoga. I only got into running just over a year ago but am now completely hooked…
I set out on a relatively easy 8 miler yesterday and ran into Kenmore square from JP and back. I kept a nice pace and did most of the run in the 8:05 range. I felt good yesterday and followed up the run with a round of golf with some friends in the afternoon.
I was not compensated for this post other than by receiving a free copy of the book for review purposes, and this review is my honest & original opinion. Besides books like this one, the Catholic Company is also a great source for first communion gifts and baptism gifts.
Śrīmatī Rādhārāṇī expressed to Her gopī friends how She hankers for the transcendental scent of Kṛṣṇa’s body. Śrī Caitanya Mahāprabhu recited that same verse and made its meaning clear.
Sir Ranald Martin’s British Curry Paste
Funny enough, directly next door to Palate was Starry Kitchen - the husband and wife team who started with an 'underground' kitchen run out of their apartment, built a cult following, and now serves up their pan-Asian creations to masses of fans from a brick and mortar opened downtown just last year. Nguyen playfully ribbed Chef Octavio for not notifying him of taking over 'his' cuisine! I loved SK's sweet, spicy, coconut-y Malaysian Chicken Curry, and liked the Crispy Tofu Ball (stuffed with corn and fried in green colored breading) which was so popular they ran out maybe an hour and half into the event. Nguyen "of course" dressed in Top Hat and suit, with a Gold mustache paying fitting tribute to his host.
I try to move my body all the time. I walk or jog around town and I even dance to the music, moving coffee mug in hand, from the kitchen to the family room. I Swim and do water aerobics when I can to strengthen my muscles. I watch jeopardy; do cross word puzzle, even Sudoku as mental exercise.
They're ok but I like out 1000 TC cotton sheets best.
5. Garderobe. Behind the stage is a small garderobe. The room contains a large mirror and a dressing table. Always suspicious Laleth stored a magical elven dagger in the table. There is also an enhanted gong here that can store a single spell up to level three. Laleth used the gong to trigger special illusions for his audience.
trash.
My top three flavors so far:
My sparkle
On Sunday, the day we came back, we had breakfast and went to the pool to play for a little while before we checked out from the hotel. Our older girl wanted to stay in the pool longer, but we had to get ready to leave. We enjoyed the time so much that I was sad for it to be over. It was also nice that I logged out from the computer for 2 and a half days. I needed that break.
...and the Hold Steady...now that's going out on a limb.
MS: Come on, girls! What else?
Your goal should be measurable and clear to your imagination. e.g set your mind on "I will learn how to find my way from the airport to my hotel without using English", after that add, "I communicate with ease at the grocery store".
Computer is now playing CD's. Let's hope that's the end of
Try to see yourself as your parents’ child. As your parents’ child you had absolutely no control over their influence on you. Don’t move ahead until you have seen this aspect of yourself clearly, no matter how long it takes. You had no power over how you were brought up nor over how you grew up to be who you are now.
They've taken with some liberty with the order of the pictures but I love the end result.
but i remember walking on the street and seeing all these students in their kappa gamma omega-whatever- t-shirts, and sweatpants (some even in pajamas) holding a fatty frappucino from starbucks, chatting away with their blackberries and iphones.
How warm was it? Here are some crazy numbers for you to chew on…
Other than visible symptoms there are no other symptoms of vitiligo. There is no pain or inflammation and skin feels like regular skin. Edges are often well-defined but irregular and can appear gradually or suddenly.
Marigold – Nirvana
My friend is now a big shot on one of the most important companies in the country. She’s small as a chihuahua but attacks like a Lion. While her ex husbands shows symptons of repenting, it’s sad to say it doesn’t work that way. While his life keeps going down the drain, my friend keeps climbing that ladder of success. As for my ex girlfriend, I’m not sure, I don’t really dig for dirt. You know what they say, “Don’t go digging in the dirt if you don’t want to get your hands dirty.” I’m sure she knows her time is coming and I truly don’t care because it’s no longer my problem. Karma, you think it doesn’t exist? good luck with that and remember what you read here when it does find you.
I decided to write daily to increase readership, and it has worked. I did not realize that the daily writing would affect my attitude about my daily life. At least 2 to 3 times a day, my mind will cross things, big and small, that I am thankful for. I will look at the rest I got, the food I ate, the indulgence I took, the restraint I used, the little things that made me smile, or merely the good vibes of life. Gratitude can open your mind, heart, and soul up to the possibilities that life is good which can alter what opportunities you find.
Last night, after getting off work at 8 pm, I found a bottle of Satan's last batch of Brother Spuds Oatmeal Stout. The first thing I said after the first sip was, "Ooo. . ." I was so moved that I took a photo of the beer and emailed Satan with that sentiment.
VG: It was, as I understand it, a collaboration between EUNIC Greece and The General Secretariat for Gender Equality, Greek Ministry of the Interior. There was a tight timescale, ony a few weeks to find writers and for the writers to produce a story. I was contacted by a colleague who works for the British Council, who knew I had published a couple of collections of shorts.
Recently, my daughter and I were in a chain retail store for young girls. I was somewhat annoyed as we were running behind for an event and I really just needed to return a shirt that fell apart after the first washing. As I got up to the counter, a young gal at the register said, “we have these t-shirts for sale, buy one get one free…and it really looks like you could use one.” The beautiful, bright yellow t-shirt had a HUGE smiley face on the front and on the back said, “Forty Reasons to be Happy”.
So, I affirm we all give ourselves a break in 2012, take a little bit better care of ourselves (some of us alot better care of ourselves), dance a little more, work a little less and if we can't be a good example of what to do at least we can be a good example of what not to do
Running with multi-coloured ribbons around your wrists,
Deuce
she floats like a swan grace on the water
Srah Srang
Okay, so tell me what you think… how lame was it of me to message him that way? And should I even be expecting a response?
Christ’s egalitarian message and subversive ideology resulted in friction with the local authorities. Last Saturday, he was charged with blasphemy after encouraging his followers to harvest grain in spite of the Shabbat. A warrant was summarily issued for his arrest, but almost a full week passed before he was apprehended.
I don't think that the Department of Parks and Recreation can be trusted to carry out an unbiased hydrology report.
I infused cream and milk with loose-leaf jasmine tea, strained it, and then tempered egg yolks with the warm liquid. Then I put it back on the stove and cooked it over medium heat, until the mixture thickened into a custard. I could have eaten the custard as-is at this point, perhaps poured over pound cake or fresh fruit, but fortunately I was able to resist, and instead let the mixture cool in the fridge.
And I pay the price every single time.
9/23 – Austin – Band of Heathens @ Saxon Pub
“No, well, actually, if you read the plaque, it said it wasn’t a real well. It said…” the boy broke off in mid-sentence, sensing the metaphorical sharks circling. It was the sound of his popularity in serious jeopardy. “I mean, I didn’t really read it, but the name of it just…. nevermind.”
Onion dip mix use to be one of the prepackaged guilty pleasures that my family indulged in once a year. Add a pint of sour cream and you have heaven on a potato chip. Having one dipped chip is not an option.
Valentine's day - by the way- for people who are single is very often a day that makes them feel miserable and alone and left out.
i have always had a thing for anything '60's or '70's. i'm not really sure why, but you could even ask my mom about this peculiarity. in 8th grade, i wore solely clothes from this era (my mom took me to thrift stores and even asked around to her friends about clothes they may have had left over from their teenage years), and have just always appreciated the colors (oranges, mustards, avocado greens, etc) and quirky styling of this bygone era. i wasn't alive during this time, so i don't know why it appeals to me so heavily; but for some reason, it does.
From the hardware side, I really just don’t like the fact that HD basically means “re-buy everything”. You need the HD television to watch the HD shows, if you want to watch movies in HD, you better have the Blu-Ray player. Oh, and don’t think that is enough, you will need the Blu-Ray movie too, so you need to re-buy all your favorite movies just so they look shinier. The flow is supposed to be smoother too, since it can process more frames per second (or something). All I know is is that when I watch it in the store, it looks weird, like if the movie was at 1.5x the speed it’s supposed to be on. They are even doing it to old movies that existed well before HD reworking, which I think is even sillier. These movies are even worse for turning HD, since it doesn’t really work (they just existed before the technology), so I’m not sure why we bother. Blade Runner and The Great Escape do not need to be in high definition.
Howdy to all out there in bloggy land:) I was planning on having this drawing this morning, but as always real life interfered a bit.
This was something I originally posted on March 21 2011 on another blog which has since morphed into something else… but I think it still outlines what I think is important to salvage from the NHS Reforms (if they go ahead) or indeed whatever happens in their stead.
“For thirty years now I have been studying my fellow-men. I do not know very much about them. I should certainly hesitate to engage a servant on his face, and yet I suppose it is on the face that for the most part we judge the persons we meet. We draw our conclusions from the shape of the jaw, the look in the eyes, the contour of the mouth. I wonder if we are more often right than wrong. Why novels and plays are so often untrue to life is because their authors, perhaps of necessity, make their characters all of a piece. They cannot afford to make them self-contradictory, for then they become incomprehensible, and yet self-contradictory is what most of us are. We are a haphazard bundle of inconsistent qualities. In books on logic they will tell you that it is absurd to say that yellow is tubular or gratitude heavier than air; but in that mixture of incongruities that makes up the self yellow may very well be a horse and cart and gratitude the middle of the week. I shrug my shoulders when people tell me that their first impressions of a person are always right. I think they must have small insight or great vanity. For my own part I find that the longer I know people the more they puzzled me: my oldest friends are just these of whom I can say that I don’t know the first thing about them.”
We Starseeds/Lightbearers/Lightworkers are transitioning from DOING the Ascension Process as the Path Cutters, Lightworkers, Energy Transmuters and Wayshowers we’ve been, to now needing to BE the Rewired and increasingly Unified High Heart Conscious beings we’ve individually become due to living, anchoring and surviving Phase One of the Ascension Process. Now that the majority of energy transmuting, integrating, polarity resolution work and new planetary Grid building (if you’re a Starseed Gridworker) and anchoring is completed for us, we’re now evolving into the Ninth Wave phase of increasingly learning (throughout 2011 and its 11-11 portals and other energies) how to Consciously Create and Co-Create the new world reality and how to hold and anchor it in place through our BEING that which we’ve evolved/ascended into. What was the purpose of the Ascension-related body and brain Rewiring and everything else we’ve lived, suffered, and struggled through since the start of the Eighth Wave? So we could house, anchor, and BE and not necessarily need to externally DO anything in that old lower 3D way…unless we want to that is. But the Indigos are increasingly ready to be loosed into the new ascended world to do their parts in it.
Good morning ladies and gentlemen,
Since we were land-locked for a couple of weeks and not using the anchor, it seemed the perfect time to get this taken care of. However, the chain was really rusty and it ideally should be sand blasted first. Paying for sand-blasting is expensive, but leave it to cheap cruisers to come up with an alternative. I do not know where I first heard of the idea but I know I didn't come up with it on my own. Somewhere, some cruiser did it first and told another. I think I heard about it from Hal on Airborne. Anyway, chain dragging is an inexpensive, innovative poor man's approach to sand blasting.
Israel now recognizes that despite their current unfortunate circumstances, God is very merciful. He is great and mighty and he keeps the covenant, just like he did with Abraham and all of Israel. They still refer to God as “our God” because of his great mercy. God would not forsake his covenant with them.
A good half or third of those playing RUSH, play as if they are not interested in the objectives. They seem to be interested only in scoring some kills. That is extremely idiotic, because they are basically playing the wrong game. They should play instead a game with Deathmatch modes, or try BFBC2’s Squad Deathmatch. It is pretty reasonable to assume that many of them have a Modern Warfare 2 background.
Remember me??? Yeah I know, been a long time, but I do think of all my friends in crafting land often :)
The first Wednesday of every month is officially Insecure Writer’s Support Group day for participating blog owners who may be professional or amateur writers. (All you need is the passion and output, published or not). Started by Alex Cavanaugh the author of the sci-fi space opera CassaStar and upcoming CassaFire, it is a means for writers to talk about their fears big and small. It is also an opportunity to connect to other writers who may have conquered these or are sailing in the same insecure boat as you.
When Woods only had her TT sense of the energy fields to rely on, her success rate dropped to 11 out of 20. When you have to pick one of two options, being right about half the time doesn’t really require particularly impressive magical powers. It was working flawlessly mere moments before. Whatever can have happened?
haslo: Tarquin
Seeds kept safe but never sown.
1/2 tsp. ground cardamom
-add two eggs and continue scramble
What would you like a one-sentence description of yourself to say?
With all the pretty pictures you needed a visual palate cleanser anyway, yes?
Gideon.
Hey friends. Today I have some fun cards to share with you that I made using some new products from Eyelet Outlet for the show in Germany that Suzanne is exhibiting at this weekend.
If you would like to link up, just grab the button and include it in your blog post or link back to this post. Then, link your post to Mr. Linky down below.
NEVER give up, for that is just the place and time that the tide will turn. (Harriet Beecher Stowe)
3) Wilful Blindness towards acts of infringement - This is where there is no actual or red flag knowledge, but could still disqualify an intermediary. In the Youtube case, the question was whether internal mails between employees discussing infringing clips and whether to remove it immediately or wait, is sufficient proof of wilful blindness. This is relevant even in the current Megaupload dispute where leaked e-mails were sought to be used as evidence against the company.
Shearing had been a superstar of the jazz world since a couple of years after he arrived in the United States in 1947 from his native England, where he was already hugely popular. The George Shearing Quintet’s first big hit came in 1949 with a version of songwriter Harry Warren’s “September in the Rain.”
8.) Center for Parent/Youth Understanding - I couldn’t possibly keep up with all the things that my kids might run into in a given week… even if I wanted to. Fortunately, I don’t have to watch every show, listen to every song, or check out every website since they folks at CPYU do that for me. Good information here.
On the back of reading Hilary Mantel's Beyond Black, I have just about finished her A Place of Greater Safety.
I responded by shouting at her. I feel guilty just typing that here now. I yelled at her for not doing anything wrong but merely because I was stressed.
But before we get started, there’s a mystery for you to solve. Tell me something: What does 6 minus 4 equal? If you answered “2″ please hang on to that thought. If you did not answer “2″ please go back and study your 1st grade math books. The correct answer to this question will be a critical hint for you.
in the Yellow Pages
Why the Vizio 37?
Carrots cut into small pieces (about 2-3)
Now if you hadn't seen the before pictures, this wouldn't really look that tidy. But, again, much better than before! I have an idea for those crates stacked up over there - still working things out!
Whatever, the facts in relation to whether Gaddafi's jets were flying or not, there is no doubt that his forces on the ground were launching murderous attacks on the people in Benghazi and elsewhere. We have a duty to oppose that where it is disproprtional, just as we would oppose the similar disproportional and murderous attacks of the massive Imperialist backed Israeli military against its own groups of rebels in Gaza etc.
MPM
I am a visual person, I have to do to show.
First is the 1809 Berliner Style Weisse. It's got a nice, crispy, tart flavor, bordering on sour. This is a fantastic beer for anyone who wants to venture into some sourer beers, but doesn't want to jump off into the deep end of some others that will pucker you up, or for someone who is looking for a great patio beer on a warm day. Very refreshing, very well balanced. 5% in a 16.9 oz bottle, so a nice choice for a relaxing afternoon. Quite possibly my favorite German beer. Classically, a Berliner Weisse is served with a flavored syrup, but this one more than holds up on its own.
-The silhouette of stretching trees against a dusk-grey sky.
Or they might be annoyed that it’s 1:30 and the bar has announce “last call,” because it’s the city that never sleeps.
Graham: they were always regular conservatives
any ideas? any volunteers?
In eyes that have been
That would really suck.
Previously
I have to say, that it was a great learning experience for me. I do love all of them, but I also love each one of them. They are very different little girls. It took some thought to put into words everything that I love about each of them.
And it didn't get much better from there. Nanowrimo was very distracting since I ended up write 125,000 words for the month. In fact, the last month I blogged was September. Kind of sad, but no worries, I am back to blogging and my goal is to blog at least 4 times a month all year long. I shall keep going and have some topics in mind for January.
OVER MY HEAD
We are sorry but if you have word verification switched on we might not be able to leave you a comment (and we love leaving you comments) ...we will still come and look at your entry so you will be included in the draw and have a chance to be in the top 3 though.
I am ready to be in Colorado with my family. I'm on break, right? I STILL feel like I have ALL THIS STUFF to do! Colorado means I can relax and enjoy my siblings, my niece, my parents, and all the activities or non-activities I wish!
towards women and girls. I have not seen the Vagina Monologues and although I keep up with news surrounding V-Day, I am not an active participant. Ensler made this list because of how deeply moved I was by her 2010 TED Talk:
all undertaken as the newspapers blazed with accounts of persecution and destruction.
So after those thoughts and topics settled and I had plenty of time to reflect on the whole situation, where did that leave me?
Why are sodas called soft drinks? As opposed to a glass of liquor being a hard drink? Why is this thought just occurring to me?
Constant thudding noise impacts mean that I can rarely rest/ sleep as & when I need to. This makes pacing (not over-doing it/holding energy in reserve-not over-drawing energy) impossible.
Heard through the hopvine that Porterhouse, the brewpub in Lahaska, is decommissioning their brewhouse and going full restaurant. The brewery's been down for over a year with a failed boiler.
Hope you enjoyed the card. Do drop by and visit my fellow DT members for more inspiration! And if you have time, we hope you will play along with the challenge!
The clockwork metaphor emphasizes God's initial creative act at the expense of God's continuing involvement in the world. (71-72)
And this is it! Featured here initially will be a reproduction of “Mainly Concerning a Hobbit”, but there’s already another piece in the works, and more stories knocking around in my head besides.
I am so excited to be part of the Doodle Pantry Design Team and today I get to officially begin my fun with the team. Laurie is releasing some awesome sets this month. I made two projects for the release. The first project is and easel card with the new set called Lion and Lamb.
I had to go back through my flickr stream and check today, because I suddenly thought I must have miscounted my Me-Made-May outfits - it turns out that I had forgotten to post about one last week. DERP DERP. Anyway, here is the one I missed from my last round-up:
One of the main reasons I was looking forward to moving here was four seasons. I know we will get four seasons, but it's not happening fast enough. Last year, our first snow was on Oct. 10th. I remember it well, because I was watching it rain out my bedroom window, and then I started thinking, "Wow, that rain looks really...thick." Not like any rain I had ever seen before. Then all of a sudden, it was no longer rain, but little white flakes drifting down. I actually stood there and watched as rain turned to sleet, and then snow, and I thought it was the coolest thing I had ever seen.
Just a little update on the twincident!
So anybody living in Buffalo can !. see the last name of my father Sippel and the last name of my mother Herr – who had a child given up for adoption, leaving behind 4 other kids.
We are celebrating Treston's birthday today! I can hardly tell you how I love this kid. He's such a boy, we simply got a pile of mulch delivered to our house today for his party. When you're T-Bear, what else could you ask for? A pile of mulch and some trucks. He's in heaven.
5. Where Do You Think You Are Going?
Just then, Coach Wooden would turn around and, with a glint in his eye, say ‘That’s your first lesson. You see, if there are wrinkles in your socks or your shoes aren’t tied properly, you will develop blisters. With blisters, you’ll miss practice. If you miss practice, you don’t play. And if you don’t play, we cannot win.”
For the last 8 months, I’ve essentially been a sedentary creature. No matter how much salad I substitute for carbs and red meat, I’ve definitely put on a few too many pounds and feel pretty awful about it. My once trim (but still curvy) figure has got a few too many curves now for my liking.
Nehemiah 2:17-20, “Then I said to them, “You see the trouble we are in, how Jerusalem lies in ruins with its gates burned. Come, let us build the wall of Jerusalem, that we may no longer suffer derision.” (18) And I told them of the hand of my God that had been upon me for good, and also of the words that the king had spoken to me. And they said, “Let us rise up and build.” So they strengthened their hands for the good work. (19) But when Sanballat the Horonite and Tobiah the Ammonite servant and Geshem the Arab heard of it, they jeered at us and despised us and said, “What is this thing that you are doing? Are you rebelling against the king?” (20) Then I replied to them, “The God of heaven will make us prosper, and we his servants will arise and build, but you have no portion or right or claim in Jerusalem.”"
A study conducted by the Harvard School of Public Health dusted sixteen hives with imidacloprid, a common neonicotinoid insecticide, and found that after six months fifteen of the sixteen hives had died, with those hives that were exposed to the highest levels of the insecticide dying first. The study concluded that a direct link exists between the use of insecticides and the loss of bee colonies. In response to these claims the producer of imidacloprid suggests that the study is incorrect and that these losses are caused by many factors including varroa mites, disease inadequate nutrition and loss of genetic diversity.
While at Wanda’s Beauty Parlor, Elizabeth overheard the women making fun of Jerry’s virtue. When, in fact, it was Jerry’s integrity that she loved the most about him. She could him them questioning his sexual preferences, and this made her furious. Being a woman of little words, Elizabeth kept her mouth shut and continued to listen to their crude gossip. After hearing about Jerry’s incapacity to please a woman, Elizabeth knew something had to be done. She wouldn’t allow Jerry’s incorruptibility to be the downfall of his reputation. Elizabeth came up with a foolproof, or should I say a hillbilly proof plan.
He'd been trying to go to bed early since he's been up most nights studying (one final to go!), but had been sucked into one of those facebook debates that goes on and on (this one was about law and was possibly the nerdiest facebook debate in the history of the internet). I had been on the couch, finishing up pinning something like a dozen headcoverings (I'm getting ready for major time in the car when I can hand stitch the sides of the dozens of snoods I have that only need to be finished by hand) and watching old episodes of Grimm on Hulu (Hulu helps get me through my least favorite sewing task... pinning...) when the nine o'clock cravings hit.
2. I read This post at becomingminimalist and want to share it with everyone. In so many ways it describes my journey through the years. Since early adulthood, I have walked the voluntary simplicity road which is now called 'minimalism' by most people. Voluntary simplicity or minimalism isn't involuntary poverty; it's choosing to live simply with only what best graces your life.
You meant the world to me
But the culmination of absurdity is reached when Commissioner Reding asserts that the Commission’s role consists in providing the money, but that it has no responsibility for any of the organization’s activities.
Iraq: How, Where, For Whom? runs until June 8, free. Opening times: (020) 7370-9990. John Heartfield runs at Tate Modern until the end of December 2012, free. Opening times: (020) 7887-8000.
I wanted to write about Aguinaldo’s time here in Singapore. But first I have to find where “La Mansion” is, said to be at vicinity of the historic Raffles Hotel. I would have to do some research to locate it. It was here that he sealed the fate of his land when he met with the US consul Spratt.
2) As partial (or full) collateral, we offer my alternative-renewable energy invention which is already included in the budget, and should be manufacturing-ready for $8million USD. This invention could revolutionize the energy industry, especially for all types of transportation, household and industrial needs. The potential ROI could be in the range of 100+ Billion USD
To my friends - you encourage me, you laugh with me, you humour me when Interpreter Barret decides to show up at inopportune times, you challenge me and support me...and I thank-you for it all.
So what is my generation expecting? That all of these programs and plans for our parents (and grandparents) generation are going to remain for our generation? So we will continue to rack up trillions of dollars of deficit, continue borrowing from China (thanks to Castle for pointing out, this season, how that could go HORRIBLY AWFULLY wrong at the drop of a hat.), just so we can let the government form a cradle to grave mentality?
-NTC must immediately scrap the joint–venture textile related scheme with private sector in 4 mills and this land should be handed over to MHADA to build housing for mill workers.
I had some scraps all over my floor from the rosette banner project I did (more on that later). I decided they were just too good to throw away (like most of my scraps).
(After male lead comes out naked to eat cookies, then goes back in his room, closes the door & turns off the light)
Random Reader:
1 misusin'
With this in mind, he tries to break through these signifiers by not allowing or erasing them. The crowd is expunged. The basketball goals have disappeared. The basketball game, usually desired to be viewed as large as possible all over the U.S. on increasingly bigger screens, is reduced to a couple of inches of projection on the wall. The basketball game as a whole, as a complete context for Johnson in the video, is not allowed. No narrative or events push one forward. There is no way to become bound up in the video. We are not allowed our cues, not given our indicators of what to do.
more disillusionment. Behind the bravado, there is a sensitivity and vulnerability that comes out in quieter moments, but which determinedly refuses to let other see. Mia carries this broil of emotions on her sleeve, the smallest provocation away from exploding in acts of verbal and/or physical violence.
He look away but nodded. “Mianhae…”
* Moisturizers:
According to earlier reports from the state media, Singaporeans shun jobs in the service sector due to the long hours and shift work.
And some of these new/old friends you got closer to and communicated with more than you ever had in high school, and you wondered, "Why in the hell weren't we closer? She's really cool!" And you saw what life had done to them. Maybe they were heavier. Or gray-headed. Maybe they were divorced with kids in college while yours was in elementary school. Maybe they still lived in your hometown or in Switzerland or Kentucky. You began to learn if they're really religious or Republican. Or both. Or neither. You saw vacation pictures and Christmas trees. You had these glimpses into their lives and wondered if they were looking at your posts and pictures too.
And sent flirtatious glances towards Kṛṣṇa, who was approaching from a distance.
Any advice? Does this experience sound familiar to anyone?
- Piece: A glossy Black and white print (20 x 30cm)
What will happen this time round? Find out in the coming years.
Today is for dishes or plates if you will.
How to Select a Fashionable Watch?
Have a great weekend and look for a guest post on Monday!
Shelley McArdle from Floral Artistry started her design based on a single photo that Jillian had selected. From there, she created elegant and vintage arrangements…roses and hydrangeas were used abundantly, and shiny ribbons and sparkly rhinestones added a perfect touch to the flowers. Each flower girl and junior bridesmaid carried her own purse made purely of flowers!
This from the same girl who during her meteoric rise back to Washington D.C. said of herself, “My husband and I rent. We both drive used cars. We’re not your typical Republican conservative,” showing just how clueless she is about not only conservative Republicans, but the district she was elected to represent.
This was confirmed (in my sick imagination) by her coming towards the room with a phone in her hands. “You have a call from Dr. ______, she wants to know if you are finished with the ______.” He took the call abruptly. The person on the other line must have been very important.
While there is still a sense of disconnection in the film, this takes second place to the threatening ghosts on the film’s front burner. The words of one character make it perfectly clear that these ghosts want our lives, which is “what they don’t have anymore”. Instead of inspiring fear with their very presence as proof of eternal loneliness and our fate as disconnected individuals, these ghosts go for the jugular and suck the life from any unfortunate victims they encounter. After “they get their hands on you” the spirits suck your will to live and your body “dies from right under you,” turning into clumps of black ash.
They say that you can find friends
And we ended the celebration by releasing sky lanterns high into the night sky and reading what was my favorite gift of the night, "You Are Special" by Max Lucado. Thank you so much Holly,we LOVE it. If you have not read this, it is so inspiring and so sweet. Oh what a wonderful world it would be if we Wemmick's had no boxes of golden stars or gray dots, ah yes....a wonderful world we can continue to dream of...someday.
Take the meat out of refrigerator half an hour to an hour prior to cooking. Wash the meat joint and slit the meat in three to four places on each side, be careful and do not cut into the bone. Pat the meat dry and season it with salt.
Experience/Evidence
India’s power sector, expected to add over 50,000 MW capacity in the current Five Year Plan (2007-12), is grappling with a host of problems.
Many of the people at the party have asked for the recipe.
Have a happy and safe journey!
An increasingly disheartened Carla tries to report Timmy's peeping and Fletch's groping to Sheriff Cates (Bill McLaughlin), but that goes nowhere fast, as he basically tells her that "boys will be boys" and that she should start thinking about closing her drapes at night. Meanwhile, over at Ray's bar, the gang can be seen commiserating over the fact that they all failed to make any romantic headway with Carla, even though she's, as one of them puts it, a "closet nympho."
With the exception of the twenty-three real lawmen who are presently sheriffs in Oklahoma, most sheriffs contacted for the article are typical--let me repeat, TYPICAL--law enforcement dumbass administrative types.
How do you know Cara? I think I may have first *met* her through ReadWritePoem or Big Tent, but more recently through NaHaiWriMo.
Words become the path to heal and explain,
He jumped up, his face burning and his eyes flying to her dark gaze and then darting away. She handed him the package and smiled at him. Her eyes lingered on his wrist and Dylan saw the black and blue mark. He quickly pulled the shirtsleeve over it and stuttered an apology.
Elegant Edges Cricut cartridge - Stamp cut
Anyway, there isn’t much to see. You can feel the can sliding down the well towards whatever sphere it is you’re about to hit, though. It’s like falling, but slower, steadier. Your guts set a clock running for you until they cut the bounce pod loose and the real ride starts. That action doesn’t run for hours, though, affirm? You got yourself strapped into a heavy-duty rig, body armor clapped all over you, with nothing to look at but the same chumps you’ve been stuck with the last few drops, plus or minus a few. Time was I’d chat–thought it a good way to make the op run smooth–but I belayed that shit after drop number five. Five was where only two of us came back–me and Viv. Viv ain’t a chatter, neither.
Just love this confusing So. Cal weather...
I am changing my beer review criteria. In the "Overall Impression" section, I will grade the beer on it's availability here in Paradise. You can't be bothered to come here or you can't get your distributor to make the trip, then I can't be bothered to score your beer on "overall Impression". You show me the finger, I show you mine.
charlotte moss recently introduced a new line of trim and fabrics available
Be bold, be adventurous, daring, dress to impress, be an eye catcher, kick ass sexy. If you plan to meet at a night club, sit at different tables at first. Make eye contact, flirt, ask him to dance, use your imagination.
The only problem with these super cute pillows are the children.
He refused to say he’d kill Work Choices. Only committed to forgetting them for the next three years. Wouldn’t say any more. Smudge.
Fuller, Big Mama, Tom Soares, Andrew Davies, Danny Collins, Carlo Nash, Loius Moult, Jonathan Woodgate
Listened, said "yes", played, touched, breathed . . . because they needed me to.
Dear Free-Range Kids: Oh lordie, you’re never going to believe this. Just saw this posting and had to share. Now, for the low, low price of $320, your FIVE-year-old can attend a series of eight classes to learn relaxation techniques.
Tales will be told and mead drunk. He will gladly give the characters a fair price for their berry wine in precious metal, so long as they tell him the tale of its earning. He will be greatly pleased by the death of the Robust Fiend, as he had tried to kill it, but it had refused to fight him. Although the chief claims this was due to his great courage, wily GMs may notice it was because he was noted for his great Indulgence. If asked about the Maiden, he says that odd magical maidens are thick on the ground in this bit of the country as a runecarver had come here many years ago and trained some local girls the ways of the written word. Mostly, he says, they keep to themselves. If the characters have sex here, remember to check for pregnancies and charge maiden and bed-prices.
2. I am currently reading the second book of The Hunger Games
BYOT: Bring Your Own Teeth
Why did not Paul and Peter simply demand obedience to Christ as one in authority? Because they knew that Christ saves by means of his death on man’s behalf, not simply by his authority. The authority of Christ can be recognized in obedience with no thought of his death as propitiation…Merely to believe in him as God’s Son with no thought of the cross is not enough. Likewise, to repent with no thought of Christ crucified, and to be baptized, except as a response to his death for our sins, are not enough….In all of his obedience the sinner should know that he is responding to the blood of Christ, not merely recognizing the right of Christ to demand obedience” (The Gist of Romans, 9)
The Holy Bible – 3900
government as things are worked out. The increase in love and
Some folks say that their solar origin grants these special cats magical properties, they are said to bring good luck and attract positive energy. Also, these cats are very loved and appreciated in Oriental countries; it's common knowledge that whoever possesses one should cherish and treasure her.
15. Love Her with a Feeling
When i cry back alone,
Cameron was a gorilla for Halloween this year! I found the costume at Kid-to-Kid (a second hand shop) for just $10 bucks. He really didn't care so much about the costume- but he didn't want anyone touching or holding his pumpkin bucket.
The wild mushrooms were a mix of exotics but lacked the depth of flavour I expected. The barley too didn't bring anything to the table other than to act as a thickener.
There are some very interesting choices in the mix including 'Black Pyramids' by British Surrealist John Armstrong, a gem of a baby's head by Jacob Epstein and a piece by Stanley Spencer, The Garage, which is loan from the collection of the Andrew Lloyd Webber Foundation.
The PCS DWP Wales Secretary Katrine Williams says “Unemployment is now at the highest level since 1994 against a background of an already difficult economic climate in Wales. So it is even more important to PCS than ever that the public get the quality services they deserve and management allow us to use our judgement and skills to help the public access Jobcentreplus services”.
“But each time we say something, it is either changed or downplayed. But when our enemy says something even without logical proof, it is blown out of proportion.”
Navy skirt, by Morgan Taylor Studio - Salvation Army (recent, $2.59)
Garlic - 4 pods, medium size, finely sliced
I'm that mom who said "sure," and "that's okay," about so many things that when the kids were older they shared their fears and secrets, their firsts and their freakouts.
“Interesting people were everywhere just then. The cafés of Montparnasse breathed them in and out, French painters and Russian dancers and American writers. On any given night, you could see Picasso walking from Saint- Germain to his apartment in the rue des Grands-Augustins, always exactly the same route and always looking quietly at everyone and everything. Nearly anyone might feel like a painter walking the streets of Paris then because the light brought it out in you, and the shadows alongside the buildings, and the bridges which seemed to want to break your heart, and the sculpturally beautiful women in Chanel’s black sheath dresses, smoking and throwing back their heads to laugh. We could walk into any café and feel the wonderful chaos of it, ordering Pernod or Rhum St. James until we were beautifully blurred and happy to be there together.”
Here at my new firm these were some of the first people I got to know (after my boss and fellow trainees). It has helped already, and I am sure I will continue to benefit from their knowledge and assistance during my time here.
2 15-ounce cans kidney beans, partially drained
grant your requests, since you’re asking by faith in the Name of Our Lord and
It is not about just hearing what somebody says but truly listening. Our body declines with interest towards the other person when we truly listen. Our eyes make a kind, soft, empathetic continuous contact with the eyes of our talker. When we listen, we do not interrupt the talker. When we listen we do not jump to conclusions. We do not judge. We do not advice. We accept the other person as s/he is and listen what they just say. When we listen, we make an effort to understand and not to be understood. To UNDERSTAND means to try to walk in their shoes and acknowledge that fact that this is not possible so do not cross the line and think that you KNOW what they go through.
Here's another Dan & Dale LP I stumbled across this week. As usual this one was a project that set out to appeal to mainstream audience, but really goes a step beyond what you might expect featuring unique and dreamy blend instrumental covers.
What I got with Mom were: 1 pair of black dress pants, a gray long sleeve that is incredibly comfortable, 2 cardigan sweaters (black and tan) and 3 short sleeve shirts to layer with (white, red, coral). I'm pretty happy with what I got but I actually still need more. ha.
How do I create immediacy?
As the English-speaking diaspora spread throughout the world, the concept of peace was refined, extended, and more fully realized. The development of a legal system to which all had recourse, the establishment of local officers and then police forces, the creation of responsible and accountable local government -- all these tended to enlarge the condition of peace.
Published on: Apr 22, 2010
Once sitting down and really picking all of that out it was a lot easier to see what I could add in to really diversify and round out my wardrobe in order to have all the pieces mix and match. IAnd then I got to playing around with Polyvore and put together some fun outfits...all with pieces that could easily be changed up, that I already had or that were under $50.
Remember--she's blonde.
I won’t be blogging daily anymore, however I will continue to blog. There are lots of photos and video that will be posted when we have arrived back home and have access to high speed internet.
Who else is participating? Anyone freaking out yet?
What does a real-life CEO have in common with the central figures of a fictitious Mafia crime family in The Godfather? According to Justin Moore, CEO and founder of Axcient, plenty.
So we welcome you to the beginning of a long-time-coming joint venture between two friends and two companies. On July 14, Zoe and Christy and their teams will release a delightful combination of images, and we welcome you to anticipate the release of "Mix and Match with Make It Crafty and Tiddly Inks."
Using my real-life example concerning Oil painting, it is extremely easy to fall into this trap. One could easily say, chapter after chapter, “Yeah, that makes sense. Why waste precious paint, time, canvas, etc. just to do it?” I declared earlier that I am striving to master this artistic genre so, if this is indeed true, I need to become a true student and follow the master’s lead (even if the master is a book printed on beautiful glossy paper).
The point of the cat is clear,
I must admit that, at first, I left comments with the sole purpose of generating traffic for my blog. That has changed. Now, commenting and critiquing has become an integral part of this project for me, maybe as much as writing the best posts possible. It became an activity and a reward on its own. Eventually, I began to use my Twitter account to also share interesting content I came across, and the appreciation I received from the creators of the material and those who found it through me was very positive.
Julian Tertini was working as a public servant in the mid-1970s when he quit his job and started a furniture company with no prior business experience. That company was Whitewood Warehouse. By 2012, the Savoy has stood as the cartoon bear-sporting Whitewood Warehouse longer than it did as a cinema.
I must, or I shall be a prisoner forever.
Thursday: 3 Miles (treadmill)
A war that could erase the Iranian people.
"There is no such thing as a bad student, only bad teacher"-Keisuke Miyagi
Hooves of the four horsemen
The most popular feature is about Lake Wobegon, a fictional town in Minnesota, “where all the women are strong, all the men are good-looking, and all the children are above average.” The stories about the town are often humorous, some of the humor coming from a Midwestern spin on common situations. They are laugh out loud funny, but the pacing is that of a story rather than stand-up.
22Cursed is he who has sex relations with his sister, the daughter of his father or of his mother. And let all the people say, So be it.
Give the award to 15 blogs you follow regularly or have just discovered
Wachovia Center
I even said it.
I lost count of how many times I recoated the walls of the vase. Ugh. I started maybe a week before leaving for Christmas at my parents'. I would recoat sometimes twice a day. Still it wasn't done. I was planning on making a few to give as gifts, but since my test was still unfinished, I opted out of that one.
information, technology or
#1: Anachronisms. Oddly, this affects the science fiction and the fantasy equally. In the 1990s, I utterly sucked at foreseeing what techno marvels would come to wow us a mere decade later. Oh yeah, I’d read Phillip K. Dick while listening to a compact disk, and sneer at him for having his characters listening to their music in 1990-something on reel-to-reel tape. I never saw the mp3 player coming. My idea of an up-to-date modern household in 2050 is a big-screen flat TV and robotic vacuum. Pathetic.
Day 25 – Something you are afraid of
just coming on, revealing a horrorshow of
I am going to be off the blog wagon from tomorrow until next week.
The last scene of the finale saw Alicia standing on the doorstep of her old house, staring down at the welcome mat. A combination of accident and motivation had dropped the house in Peter’s lap, and as she listened to her children laugh and make pizza with the man she once loved, the choice was clear. The past, or a version of same, versus an uncertain future. The former risks a loss of self (and the moral superiority of leaving Peter), but the latter is something that hasn’t always been kind to Alicia, and has in some ways hardened her.
Needless to say, that was the last time I blindly let myself go nowhere fast.
6. Christmas Time Is Here by The Vince Guaraldi Trio
The NHTSA also had to investigate a series of Volkswagen diesels stalling due to a fuel pump issue. The issue will now have been dealt with, but it’s worth checking with your Volkswagen dealer to make sure the car you’re viewing has had any necessary work carried out.
A few months ago, Mark Kopytman passed away. Prof. Kopytman was one of Israel’s most important composers and composition teachers. Many of today’s composers in Israel have studied with him. Mark was a wonderful person and he would teach anybody who wanted to learn. He was my first composition teacher. I was not even a music student at that time; I was studying Philosophy at the Hebrew University in Jerusalem. The Musicology department advertised a course called “Composition for Amateurs”, or something similar.
Jon Thor Olafsson: guitar & vocals
Poker rakeback may be the term fond of the return which texas holdem firms help make for you to players with regard to displaying devotion with their company. To understand fully, poker sites make it through by taking a % of the marijuana performed. Video clips the ” rake “. Poker rakeback as a result is a proportion of the ” rake ” sum that is delivered to the participant.
Last, I'm not a big fan of grass but late last summer we trenched in our water line from the well to the two cabins and the grass never reestablished so I've had LOTS of mud around here. We seeded it with a mix of grass, red and white clover, all of which is starting to rally take off. I'll be glad to be rid of all the mud!
I really can't think of anything I'd rather have than to have my whole family together. We all have our own lives and sometimes it seems there are so many miles between us that we don't feel close anymore. But it's always a good feeling to get together to reconnect and pick up where we last left off.
Amanda wandered through the house, seeing not the shabby furniture, the shelves overloaded with books, the 20-inch out-of-date television, but the home she and David had created.
1. They’re so big that when you sit next to them in the bus, half your ass-cheeks would be hanging off the seat.
Teresa Gutierrez is co-coordinator for the May 1st Coalition for Worker and Immigrant Rights.
Fermentor tosses the dead soldier against the wall and turns to
We should also remind ourselves that for Gandhi and his associates his experiments on brahmacharya were not part of their secret lives.
….and the nurse confirmed that “whoops”…there must have been a miscommunication, yes, the trial in fact is tomorrow morning. (I may, or may have not, gone ballistic on this woman, I may have called the hospital irresponsible, asked how many law suits they have had against them recently, my claws and fangs may have popped out, jus’ a lil’…my husband may or may have not said “THAT. WAS. AWESOME…I have never heard you talk to someone like that.”
I guess, in summation, what Nodder sees as navel gazing I see as interaction with interested consumers - what do you think?
I got a standing ovation from our section of the restaurant and the manager comped our entire table's evening meal.
Virgil wrote:
Wayne’s fusion gunner knelt down and took a deep breath. He pulled the trigger releasing a sustained pulse of energy that struck the monster just behind its head. the creature roared briefly and then dropped to the ground, a smouldering gash almost severing its head. It tried to rise again, but seemed unable to support its weight and it collapsed, still breathing, but seemingly disabled.
The airport was damaged in the earthquake and is not yet back up to full capacity. Planes need fuel, but there’s very little available in Port-au-Prince, and it’s heavy and expensive to fly in. Airport staff are among the victims, and many will be digging their families out of rubble. The US army is reputed to be stepping in to manage the airport. A strict system to allow planes in and out of the airport will be established, placing an absolute ceiling on the physical volume of aid that can come in. In other words, it doesn’t matter how organized, prepared or resourced you are: there’s only one airport, and it can only process so much cargo a day.
Date: Sunday April 22, 2012
The edge is somehow looks like ribbon but it tasted really good and I think the color is perfect.
The character of Renegade Eye, will comment on other blogs. I plan to start a new blog, with a different identity. Those who should know the new identity, will be informed.
Hydration: Fruit juice is your enemy, especially if it is not juiced at home the way we do every morning. In fact, if it comes out of a plastic bottle, skip it! Oftentimes the sugar content far exceeds the nutritional value. Juice can have as much as 42 grams of sugar per cup, equaling six tablespoons of sugar that will be converted to fat! Stick to water with a twist of lemon or lime, herbal sun-teas, green-teas, non-fat milk, Gatorade, EFS powders (after and during cardio), 8 oz of iced coffee once per day, or any liquid under 12 grams of sugar per cup. Also, diet soda may be low in calories, but they still contain caffeine and substituted sugar which is still saved as fats, and on a whole they will dehydrate your system, not to mention the GMO’s in those items which scientists have proven as harmful. You should drink 8 glasses of water per day on a MINIMUM. If you find this difficult, carry around a 20 oz bottle, or keep a pitcher in the refrigerator. If your body is not well hydrated, it will hold on to fat. If it IS hydrated, fat loss increases by 25%.
No, not why it's only ever Inspector Sands who gets called to the control room (one look at what's in an old-fashioned firebucket explained that for me) - but today's explanation from the driver for a halt and then slow running:
As Mr. V put it, my dad doesn't know how to cook for less than 50 people.
tongues until he became so bold that by the Spirit of God, he hit that growth
Dave Ramsey, popular talk show host, great icon of mine and author of The Total Money Makeover, calls this back-up cash “Murphy Repellent”. He says “You know Murphy’s law — anything that can go wrong will. If you don’t have an emergency fund, Murphy will move into your spare bedroom and eventually invite his three cousins — Broke, Desperate and Stupid — to join him.”
Dusty Springfield Son of a preacher man UK
06. Bardak 1
Two things. I've just finished a non-fiction book about the problem that my foundation, The Big Brain Club, is addressing. The book is called Smart Is Cool.
Black-owned businesses could ill afford this drop in revenues. In 2007, the average Black-owned firm had revenues of $62,200 (in 2002 dollars). By comparison, the average White-owned business had revenues (in 2002 dollars) of $395,130.
Deep Fried Ice Cream with Sticky Rice
Is that realistic? Is it likely? No, not at all. Just remember: none of this was realistic or likely 20 years ago. Sam Adams was all contract-brewed. Over half the American breweries now in business didn't exist. You could stand on the stairs and see Harpoon's entire operation. Ten taps of microbrews at a bar was amazing news (because we didn't even call it 'craft beer' yet). There were no mass beer-rating websites. Yuengling had not done any expansion and was just barely known outside of eastern Pennsylvania. Most people had no idea what a seasonal beer was!
LinkedIn has many features that enable you to find and connect with other users, but you are limited in the number of people you can contact directly and/or connect with. LinkedIn uses a principle of three degrees of separation: those you are connected to are your first degree network; those that your connections are connected to are your second degree network; those who are connected to your second degree network are your third degree network.
is fair enough.
I hope that your inspire to create something for yourself and someone else in your life and that you will visit again soon, YOU ARE ALL AWESOME!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
I tried out for the FlagSlam team in 2002 but pulled the "1" and got clobbered. I had already been planning the Save the Male Tour with Josh Fleming, so that was my summer instead.
10:08: Monkeyboy will not stop crying. I hold him in my lap and try to do some spelling with Bluebird, but my baby boy is so loud that I say we can skip spelling today. We start in on grammar and Monkeyboy calms down and sits patiently on my lap. (Does this mean that he hates spelling?)
and found to be true
Kick back, relax and grab a cold one - i'm hoping to make this more of a photo blog of adventures and experiences to come.
I guess my friends and acquaintances consider me to be “likeable enough”. I have been married, so I suppose some may have considered me to be “just a wife”. I am a democrat, which means I may have ”hollered at republicans”. I don’t think I have ever ”looked like a dancer”, but I have been told I am “gorgeous”. And lastly, because I am a woman, “periodically, I launch attacks” and “let my claws come out” but I know, that does not “boost my appeal” nor does it make me a “sweetie”.
M Kei is a good, solid writer. Therefore all the technical stuff regarding sentence and paragraph structure, as well as syntax, are a given. Likewise his descriptions—especially of things nautical—are vivid and colourful, and therefore the reader has no difficulty being transported back in time. However, since I wouldn’t know a marlin spike from a hat pin, I agree with one reviewer who observed that the tactical side of the sea battles were a bit mind boggling. On the other hand, they certainly were pulse-raising with their violent bombardments, and gratuitous blood shedding.
God help us if Rooney suffers an injury. We'll probably end up with David James up front at this rate. (Don't laugh - Stuart Pierce tried it once).
As we all know, most Mahjong matches are contested in Fatal Four Way rules. However, in this show’s case, there are two main combatants we should all focus on. Those two are: The Genetic Cutie, The Big Bad Hoochie Mama, Big Jugga Jump, Cakezilla herself, Kuro “The Gourmet” Cheesecake!
Elijah: Elijah saw a smashed snail outside of the house. "Mommy," he said, "That snail died."
You know how unsustainable film critics are when even a blogger can call himself that if enough people like his shit.
When it came her turn-Beginner Jazz performing Conga the years started welling up. To see her beautiful smiling face, she didn't even have to dance to make me proud. I already was.
They walked into battle
The building where I work has quite a nice shower available for use in the evenings and was quickly dubbed "the spa". The main topic under discussion at any gathering was, of course, power and the lack thereof.
Blood sport: Jenni Avins trapped and skinned a fox then sewed her own fur vest
Before I get to today's digi, I want to remind you that the Card A Day Blog Super Bowl Blog Hop starts tomorrow! Be sure to stop back this weekend for the hop list to some Masculine-themed card inspiration and a chance to win a great prize on CADB...and...
1) Begin as friends within a group of likeminded individuals who share your same philosophical boundaries. By observing how well this person interacts with others and giving this potential partner a chance to do the same, you can understand exactly how sincere your targeted platonic crush is about forming a nonsexual relationship.
Went home, saw your face every time I closed my eyes
But now they were bored and had run upstairs to play video games. Charlotte, who had just put the joint in to roast, sank into the remains of the mess tent. Funny, she thought – for the whole afternoon it had seemed the fox was studying them. She looked at the fox. The fox looked back.
Although I am working on a new film and book I continue to do workshops and lecturing surrounding community, making, DIY and craft. Please keep track of my going on's on my blog & via twitter @faythelevine
I had a revelation. I couldn't bring myself to vanquish this bully, but I knew someone who could.
Or fester like a sore--
Do we glorify God by dwelling on our sinful past? I think Paul got the message for the only answer Christ gave him in Acts 22:21 was to repeat Himself.
que el mundo sabía también traicionar.
but still dressing in all-black. i don't know. i feel more at home like that, at least for now.
- Lots of brilliant information from the Margey Whalley visit a few weeks ago
And then he'll settle down, it's a quiet little town
Another source also treats Bell’s beer and porter as different things. In Hugo Arnot, The history of Edinburgh: from the earliest accounts to the year 1780 (first published, as far as I can make out, in 1779, but I quote from the 1816 edition), we read:
"I hate this place. It stinks and it's dirty and there's piss everywhere and needles and garbage and yesterday when I went for a run in the park I had to traverse a trail that had been completely covered in used toilet paper. I've been robbed at gunpoint here, just down the street from my apartment. San Francisco is expensive, and I'll never be able to afford to buy a home. The city government is corrupt, there's nowhere to park, the people are all fucking crazy, and don't even get me started about MUNI.
“There are a few active faults in the nuclear power plant area, and our results show the existence of similar structural anomalies under both the Iwaki and the Fukushima Daiichi areas,” lead researcher Dapeng Zhao, a geophysics professor at Japan’s Tohoku University, said in a press release. “Given that a large earthquake occurred in Iwaki not long ago, we think it is possible for a similarly strong earthquake to happen in Fukushima.”
-m4w - 29
Can you argue that this happened at least in part because the U.S. invaded and created a space for chaos and violence? Sure. Can you also argue that Saddam did just as bad or worse? That the Taliban regime did? That warlords in Africa or drug lords in South America do? Also yes. That terrible things happen here at home every day? Absolutely. There are unthinkable atrocities all around us that most of us never even see, things that would break our hearts if we dared to look.
Okay, now that you’ve stopped spluttering, let me explain.
Yeah, if you could.
1. Why Marxists Do Not Call For Nationalisation, argues that there is a big difference between opposing privatisation, and demanding nationalisation.
So there are some pretty compelling reasons to get engaged.
What's so cool about this you may ask? It's cool because you can use ANY border you have in your collection to make this cute little pedestal stand with this border strip.
$5000 and up = 12.5%
(a.) The Mother of Mercy and Knowledge is called “the triple” of Kwan-Shai-Yin because in her correlations, metaphysical and cosmical, she is the “Mother, the Wife and the Daughter” of the Logos, just as in the later theological translations she became “the Father, Son and (the female) Holy Ghost”—the Sakti or Energy—the Essence of the three. Thus in the Esotericism of the Vedantins, Daiviprakriti, the Light manifested through Eswara, the Logos,† is at one and the same time the Mother and also the Daughter of the Logos or Verbum of Parabrahmam; while in that of the trans-Himalayan teachings it is—in the hierarchy of allegorical and metaphysical theogony—“the MOTHER” or abstract, ideal matter, Mulaprakriti, the Root of Nature;—from the metaphysical standpoint, a correlation of Adi-Bhûta, manifested in the Logos, Avalokitêshwâra;—and from the purely occult and Cosmical, Fohat* the “Son of the Son,” the androgynous energy resulting from this “Light of the Logos,” and which manifests in the plane of the objective Universe as the hidden, as much as the revealed, Electricity—which is LIFE.
Meanwhile, make the lemon sugar filling. Mix the sugar, lemon zest, and orange zest. It’ll draw out the citrus oils and make the sugar sandy and fragrant.
at both ends of the place.
So there you have it! Whether using a baby-sized zucchini or smaller ones, enjoy this multi-seasonal treat.
“When we’ve looked historically, we’ve seen nothing like this,” she said. “We’re taking this very seriously.”
Zinebook, www.zinebook.com, has articles on zine history, legal issues, how-to advice, and more.
I was reminded of my conjecture by a story I read this morning on Laos’ ongoing effort to win WTO membership. At this point, 159 countries are already members, so we don’t get that many more chances to observe the effects of joining on domestic political economies. Still, this one seems to fit the story line so far:
"6. The hydrogen and oxygen react with decane in the fuel, causing it to split into ethanol and iso-octane."
I’m typing this now with the sun streaming in through the window which is a bit annoying because yesterday it poured incessantly. We didn’t let the weather put a damper on things. This was our opportunity to celebrate Mum’s life. My sister sadly wasn’t well enough to be with us but other members of our family had travelled from all over the country. Some had arrived for the weekend. Others had driven through the rain from Manchester, from Devon, just for the day. I have a lovely family.
And for justice for those boys in The Bakers Dozen. According to their website, the most seriously injured boy, Sharyar Aziz, was a freshman who’d only begun singing with them in October.
Derrek was letting his head hang, focused on his feet, he had almost missed the question. He lifted his head and into the questioning gaze of the woman he knew so little of, a woman wearing armor and carrying a blade as if it was normal. He finally shook his head ‘no’.
THAT BEG NOT TO MAKE THIS GOODBYE.
I'd like to welcome JF to Shadow of a Doubt.
This is an enigma that I have puzzled over for many years. I read all the books on archeology and wondered at the incredible detail and precision of this construction. Various aspects of it all didn’t add up to me until recently after having also studied the theories of the electrical universe and the work of Nicolai ‘Tesla. Add the following two videos on the subject, shake and stir, and voila! it all makes sense!
This week we will be picking ourselves up, brushing ourselves off and getting back on track. As part of this, we picked up enough greens to have some each day.
I saw them receive their orders aside, they listen’d with care, the
The disciples returned to Jerusalem. They were no longer confused, disjointed and discouraged. They now could see a purpose. They had a common bond and knew that sometime in the near future the gifts of the Holy Spirit would be given. So they met together in an upper room. Many believe that they met together to pray for the Spirit. The Bible does not say that for why would they pray for something the Lord assured them they would receive. That is like a housewife with a pantry full of food and prays the Lord’s prayer, “Give us this day our daily bread.” It is like a Christian praying that they Lord will bless him when the Bible plainly says in Ephesians 1:3 that we are already blessed with all spiritual blessings in heavenly places in Christ. It would be like praying for peace with God when Romans 5:1 tells us that being justified by faith we have peace with God through our Lord Jesus Christ.
There is also the process known as emotional contagion. According to a researcher from Lund University in Sweden, mimicking a person’s bodily state or facial expression causes physical responses in the receiver’s body that are identical to those in the sender’s.
These are the Nubars I bought. As you can see, 2 Nubar Diamont. My source for Seche Vite dried out (goodbye Transdesign ;( ) so I thought this would be a great moment to get some Diamont to try.
Another blog I’ve enjoyed, the “some people will read anything” blog, The Daily Omnivore- always filled with interesting articles of random random random and i love it! always thought provoking.
Should I buy a bottle of wine, delicious Milka chocolate and celebrate by myself by watching a good movie...?
medium mango. Picture #3: I made Lime Jell-o, Raspberry Jell-o
Don’t worry about the future. Or worry, but know that worrying is as effective as trying to solve an algebra equation by chewing bubble gum.
I’m not sure how it’s different from other dramas this year…maybe I could say it’s a very small drama. I didn’t really try to throw any tricks as a director either, I feel tricks are for those who lack heart in their storytelling. I just tried to tell a really honest story that meant a lot to me.
are introduced
Step 6: Cut two squares from background fabric the same measurement as your strip set squares. Mine are 4.75" squares. You will also need to cut four two inch squares from the background fabric.
He had requested many times during the last ten years that if he could not be himself he wished not live.
Oh well, nothing to be done on a Saturday in overcast Stockholm except get some food and maybe skate the nearby park. Looks like rain though so maybe hanging out in my awesome flat with a book might be a better idea. 'Sides, we've booked ourselves a commercial shoot for tomorrow and then it's five more days of "Cornelis" and we're doing nights and days with really short turnarounds. By Friday night, which is also Björn's b-day, we'll all be quite haggard and wishing we'd slept more. Yeah, good book and some rest could be the solution to today's sense of "meh."
So grateful to be here now!
As Noah Lukeman puts it in his book, The Plot Thickens, "...character is the basis for all further talk of journey, conflict, suspense—and is the cornerstone of plot..."
What is salvation?
What’s better than hearing your favorite country artist sing a song that gets stuck in your head for days? When two of your favorite country artists hook up to make sweet music. So with much thought and care I bring you the five best country duets of all time.
… The academic paper at the centre of the latest questions was written in 2006 by Robert Muir-Wood, head of research at Risk Management Solutions, a London consultancy, who later became a contributing author to the section of the IPCC’s 2007 report dealing with climate change impacts. He is widely respected as an expert on disaster impacts. Muir-Wood wanted to find out if the 8% year-on-year increase in global losses caused by weather-related disasters since the 1960s was larger than could be explained by the impact of social changes like growth in population and infrastructure. Such an increase, coinciding with rising temperatures, might suggest that global warming was to blame. If proven this would be highly significant, both politically and scientifically, because it would confirm the many predictions that global warming will increase the frequency and severity of natural hazards.
rise again, pull again, lift the
“Remember, all I am offering is the truth, nothing more…”
Examples to watch for in the Near future?
1 Tablespoon peanut butter
Well, I didn't get as much posted this year as I wanted to. I still haven't found my missing flash drive with the files I was working on. Plus I've been working some overtime and other stuff. This may or may not be my last post before Christmas. I don't know yet. I still have to finish Christmas shopping and wrap gifts. It sure is hectic this time of year.
Of the block of 16% or so, we have Brian Paddick, the Liberal Democrat candidate, who is polling at 8-9%, Jenny Jones, the Green Party candidate at about 2%, Siobhan Benita, an Independent, at 3% and the UKIP and BNP candidates again at about 3% between them.
allow me to suggest 3 words that will determine our growth:
They’re not the full songz, just bits and pieces put together to make a medley. Enjoy it anyways! There will be more videos out coming soon of my original music.
Comedy is a real bitch to write. When I asked G.J. Koch, author of Alexander Outland: Space Pirate to talk with me about her new novel she said, "Dying is easy, comedy is hard. In part because everyone can agree that the hero dying before he gets to marry the princess is tragic, but what makes me laugh and what makes you laugh can be very different things."
I last saw The Horrors supporting the mighty Primal Scream at the Eden Project and, as good as they were there in the sunlight, they were even better here in the darkness where they seemed more at home. Playing all the best songs from Primary Colours and Skying they created an immense wave of psychedelic noise and Goth atmospherics, with Faris far more ( re- ) animated than last time, a striking and commanding frontman, stalking the stage, scaring the little girls in the front row. I was half hoping that Florence might have joined them to duet on Still Life like she did at the NME Awards, but sadly it didn't happen. Never mind, after a fantastic set they left us with an awesome version of Sea Within A Sea - worth the price of admission by itself.
On the other hand, I ought to hate this. On those rare occasions that I do like a fruit beer, it's when the flavor is subtle. Holiday Cheer's peach is not restrained — it smacks your tastebuds pretty hard. You won't have to search your palate too hard to find it.
The raw material of news must pass through successive filters, leaving only the cleansed residue fit to print. They fix the premises of discourse and interpretation, and the definition of what is newsworthy in the first place, and they explain the basis and operations of what amount to propaganda campaigns.
A heterogeneous concept is one that turns out, under analysis, to consist of multiple, distinguishable things. Ryle points out that the grammatical behavior of nouns is such that we can be led to think that there is something that exists when there is nothing (Dickens’s Mr. Pickwick, for example), but that this is practically speaking the same thing as thinking that only one thing exists when in fact the concept involves many things (Dickens, one of his novels, the tradition of fiction; football players, uniforms, equipment). All I mean by "analysis," that I am not using in any sort of technical manner, is thinking about the referents of the term (semantics and metaphysics often come to the same thing). Examples of heterogeneous concepts from outside of philosophy of mind are value terms like "ethics" or "beauty," or for that matter very many abstract nouns such as (opening the dictionary randomly) "reservoir." Wittgenstein famously explained the heterogeneous nature of the concept of “game.”
Then we are faced with the problem of advancing technology. Often we think what possibility could come next but when you look at history in such a short time frame floppy disks have become virtually impossible to read. CD’s will no doubt, follow suit in the not to distance future, making our data stored on them unreadable too. That’s if the CD’s data lasts that long. Most of us buy the cheap quality CD’s and then don’t store them correctly in acid free and cool environments. Then one day too JPG files will be replaced with something better and there will be a whole generation of children with no embarrassing childhood photo to show at their 21st birthdays.
And then there were the howlers. I did warn Lucy that I was not great at copy editing. Finally Lucy did one final trawl through the text and phoned me up, "Miriam, I found something on almost every page," she said blithely, "but the best one was God Cop." We both cracked up.
How many times have you been fearful, discouraged, or despondent? We may be afraid to admit it but God knows, and is doing everything to lift us out of those times of doubting. Don’t allow Satan to have an advantage over you for he is already defeated. We know this from Colossians 2:15 which refers to the Lord Jesus Christ, “And having spoiled principalities and powers, he made a show of them openly, triumphing over them in it” – that is His cross.
Chuck Berry: "Nothing I like better than sharing my writing credits with little white boys!"
Tickets are limited, so Ska suggests you stop by or call the tasting room to reserve your seats. Tickets cost $95 per couple or $50 per person.
Have a nice week. I only have to wait this week before some of my family come over for a short summer holiday and a little special party. There is a big birthday waiting around the corner.
If you look at decades of scientific evidence, across hundreds of empirical studies, what you find couldn't be more clear: negative biases against people of color in America are real. I know this might be an uncomfortable fact to swallow for many people, given that this suggests that many of us (me included) have racial biases--but it is a fact built on a solid scientific foundation. So, before you get too angry with my point, let me review two classic studies that illustrate the clear facts about racial bias in America.
You may have noticed thus far the regular use of the word ‘obvious’ in all this. But then, some things look obvious and turn out to be something completely different – as this case seems to have revealed over the last four days. By this time, Geithner was involved – whether directly or in the background is hard to say – but he was quick to insist that the waters should close over the IMF Chief. Most observers find it odd that the Federal Reserve Secretary intervened in this manner. As my long-time (and much trusted) Washington mole concludes:
I went to a funeral on Christmas eve up in Bailieborough County Cavan where I came from.
Is Mise – on Facebook
Eddie: That's not a massage.
AND – I volunteered to cook – for my brother who will be coming straight from work, for my sister who’s visiting, and for Susan whose schedule has been packed to the gills. I had done a market run the day before, but forgot something. Hmm, when best to swing by the store today?
On a better note, today I want to share this cute little image with you. She is
Poetry always held a certain fascination for me, and now holds a special place in my heart. When I was about eight I memorized The Highwayman by Alfred Noyes. I wasn't even a strong reader at that time, but my mother helped me with the words I wasn't sure of, and I read it, re-read it, recited it endlessly. To this day I know it by heart.
15. Friday Night Saturday Morning
Our house is half way up the hill up a tiny cobbled street that could only be driven by someone in a small, small car with no care for their paintwork and nerves of steel (we parked down by the river and carried our stuff up). We look out over the river and the surrounding valley through windows let into walls that are a couple of feet thick. At the other end of our street is a boulangerie with some great pastries and the usual wonderful bread.
mummy watch is keeping
Lately, we have been shocked and startled by several revelations of how our leaders are flaunting their wealth and splashing their cash around. One wonders how civil servants like that could have so much money stashed away to spend on themselves and their families.
3 conversation
And, I am completely ashamed. I did NOT make a huge deal out of it since that would only encourage him to continue saying it. I DID explain to him that mommy makes mistakes sometimes, and saying that word is not nice at all. I also promised him that I would try hard to say only nice words. He helped me come up with some new frustrated words. They are (in no particular order):
25. Denver Broncos QB Ryan Tannehill (TxAm) The Broncos can tell you and everyone else what you want to hear but they are not sold on Tebow. I think they will give him another camp to see if they want to keep him around or use him as trade bait due to the high excitement he brings to Denver and the NFL. Look for Tannehill to push Tebow and the Broncos to make some sort of decision there after.
and help me get tan
You should have seen our high-fives back in May when the coalition agreement was published. Not just one, but three of our long-fought campaigns looked as if they would at last cross the finishing line. We were promised that Contactpoint - the central database of every child in England – was heading for the scrapheap; that the retention of children’s DNA on the national DNA database would be drastically reduced, and that parental consent was to become mandatory whenever schools demand that children provide their fingerprints in exchange for library books and hot meals.
I embellished with a few prima flowers and pearls, some linen thread, and flourishes which were cut out using Whimsy's "vines" shapeology die.
I have lots to blog about, but also lots to do, with three 4,000-word essays to write in the next four weeks plus some other university-related tasks that have to be done at the same time.
Registration Promo:
2. Videos
Nasal gastric tube
During recess time, my classmates and I would have a cartoon character voice contest. I would do the voice of Spike (apparently he was a panther. I always thought he was a cat) from Starla and the Jewel Riders, and I would always win.
This is possibly the most pathetic thing I’ve ever written in my life, but it’s the cry of my heart. I want to be loved.
J is for Judoon
Learning
directed by John Ford
*For those with an equal passion for crime fiction as green issues, you can snap up Piper’s literary work here
And who ordered Comissioner Brown to bring Keith and myself in on this crime?
So it is worth saying that not all Kenoticists were created equal. There are those who hold to a strong kenosis, where there is a change in the very being of the divine Son, and there are those who hold to a weaker kenosis, where the Son retains all his attributes but where there is instead a change in whether the divine nature uses those attributes while on earth.
When the event was over at 10 pm and I picked up my daughter and her friends to come home, driving through the parking lot, we went past the horses tied to the fence in the same spot. One of them caught my eye because it's ribs were showing and it looked a bit underweight. "OMG! That horse is thin and should not be here." The words came out of my mouth without even thinking... "Mom, should I tell my teacher that on Monday?"
I write a bunch of blogs. It doesn’t earn anything except, I hope, some good will and name recognition for when I finally get books out. And, to be honest, I also hope it is a little free advertising for Tarot Readings to bring in a few pennies until I can get the writer gig going. It may not cost anything to have the blog, but it costs time to write it. There are other benefits for the time invested: it let’s me grow my writing chops (my training, background and experience so far is is health care), plus it is a good laboratory to tinker with ideas that will eventually transform into book paragraphs. Blogs are an idea test environment, if you want to think about it in computer terms.
Cranky's perfect idea was to squeeze lemon juice on the oysters when we served them, followed by a drizzle of olive oil, and man. That was perfection.
One thing I can always count on when I read a story by Jill Williamson (Christy award-winning author of the Blood of Kings trilogy) is that I'm going to fall in love with the characters. Replication is no different. Abby is a feisty yet vulnerable heroine with very human emotions and reactions to the people and circumstances around her. But it was Martyr that I wanted to wrap up and bring home with me. He was so sweet! His child-like innocence made me smile constantly, and his strength and leadership qualities reveal the man he is rapidly becoming.
decent hair-guard round his neck, looked a thoroughly decent young man
Eight days ago I brewed a Robust Porter. It's the latest version of my Sherpa Porter. Not to brag too much, but my Porter seems to be enjoyed by a lot of folks that know their beer. And it doesn't just rest on it's laurels...it gets consumed.
ROMNEY: Wouldn’t it be nice if people didn’t make accusations somewhere else that they weren’t willing to defend here?
those people in Palestine yang tak habis habis till today can't have peace because of the attacks that comes without warning.. and they have no where to go! their lands are stolen!! forcefully taken by the israelis! and we here, duk lenggang goyang kaki, tengok movie makan popcorn, duk gi event sana sini.. astaghfirullahalazim..
3. Appreciation and new found loyalty for certain businesses. It’s nice to know that there are still companies out their that care about their quality and level of customer service. These companies that use mystery shoppers are making sure they are delivering the best services or goods as possible and ensuring their employees are working up to expectations. I find myself appreciating these companies that use mystery shoppers. Because they go that extra mile to follow up on themselves and care about how their business is run, I actually frequent these places a little more often.
The black banner hanging at his stall in Eating World reads Ramen Muteppou, acknowledging the source of his tonkotsu ramen training.
Further, having been recently sued for excessive use of force and civil rights violations (among other things) in the two cases I have referenced above and in the past, do you think Gordito is a sound candidate to investigate matters concerning the misconduct of other employees of the VCSO? Something is wrong with this picture.
Honestly, if I were in Mayawati’s shoes (I get reminded of Julian Assange!) , I would have readily seized the immense opportunities – political power – bestowed upon me by my people and I would have ensured that “I did” enough to ensure that I were not required to erect my own statues myself; instead, my people would have happily and respectfully felt the need to remember me – after I was done and gone, of course! – by installing my statues…
That’s the case with the Penfolds Rawson’s Retreat Shiraz Cabernet. I have had this wine many times before and keep returning to it because I like the way it tastes — fruity without being overbearing, easy drinking — and because it falls within my self-imposed spending limit on wine, $7.99/bottle.
Oh well! I think the card looks okay and I've only started the first one,
Lately, I’ve been having very vivid dreams about my death. Last night, I dream that I died. First I was just walking around my neighborhood. Then I started to feel pain so I walked home. As I was walking home, for some reason I took a detour into an abandoned house. Then I was just in the abandoned house, walking around. Then an older woman (who looked suspiciously like my kindergarten teacher) and a little girl who looked like a porcelain doll ( I could only see them from behind) told me to get out because I was gonna die. Before I could even say anything I was in my house laying on the couch in my living room. Except this wasn’t exactly my house.
Think about one of the greatest hoaxes in human History;
I could honestly perv over images like these for hours.
before. She has no idea how she got there – and even worse than that, she
Fabric and Finish: Leather and Canvas were popular choices; Lacquer, Stain, Wax and Shellac (tough, transparent finish) were the “go-to” finishes of the Arts and Crafts Style.
Well, actually, here's a little sampling of what you're missing!
Here are 100 good ones to start you off…
Originally posted on April 24, 2009
Ultraman was created in 1966 by Eiji Tsuburaya, the special effects director of the classic Godzilla films of the 1950’s and 60’s. Ultraman became an unprecedented hit on Japanese television spawning fourteen sequel TV series and a string of hit theatrical features over the course of its four decade history. Ultraman has been seen all over the world and remains one of the top selling hero characters throughout Asia.
The past week’s memorial period produced not one, not two, but three small, self-contained tragedies that only a blind, deaf society could fail to interpret as wake-up calls – as minor proofs that, no, not everything will be okay, actually, if we don’t engage in some serious planning for the future.
THAT IS LITERALLY HIS ENTIRE EXPLANATION.
At the commencement of the party, her friends abandoned her. Instead, one of her former TA’s from one of those dreadfully forgettable labs the previous semester whisked her away, handed her a cup of bad beer and tried to monopolize her time. Looking around the densely crowded, Leigh needed to calculate a quick plan. Of course! Springing into action, she squealed that she had finally found her boyfriend, leaving her former TA to look after her as if Leigh herself kicked his underbelly. Skipping towards a random stranger, Leigh asked the confused looking man to pretend to be her boyfriend.
Jim has been doing numerous interviews with the German media.
It is not the first time that prominent ANC members have used Christian references while talking about the party and Zuma.
I will never buy one of course but what will happen is you'll find this tee shirt in one of my books eventually. As a writer, Im always mindful of different things I can incorporate into my stories to make my characters more real, to transport you into their lives, into their very skins at times with my descriptions.
The Fitness Retreat now offers:
and your choice of a pair of pillow covers.
We recently changed phone service provider to Time Warner Cable, from Verizon, and I have to say the change has been worth it. You get free caller ID, free long-distance, and the call quality seems reasonable, much better than I was getting out of skype, which just seemed to result in me making heavy breathing calls to the ones I loved.
trying to create SO MANY of one item.
The peppers were halved, seeded and gently steamed until they began to soften. The stuffing was pressed into the peppers, carefully filling all the cavities and mounding over the tops. The stuffed peppers were then loosely covered, and baked at 350˚F. They were garnished with a bit of ketchup because I hadn't gotten around to making the tomato sauce I'd thought about.
Summit Brewing Company Summit Maibock
On the otherwise
This dish was a winner all around - quick and easy to throw together, and really delicious. Plus, it's baked and not fried so none of the mess of frying, or, for that matter, the calories! For some reason my breading didn't brown much in the oven, but it was still nice and crispy. The only thing I'd do differently the next time I make this dish is to halve the sauce. We loved it, but I guess we're just not big dippers as we ended up throwing quite a bit away.
Store: Airtight: 2 days room temperature, 5 days refrigerated, 2 months frozen.
p.s. BTW, the plan for the M1 Carbine has always been to build a stock rifle. It's gotten so that all the ones I'm finding at the gun shows or in the shops are either basket cases too unsafe or shot out to shoot or museum quality pieces that I'd be afraid to shoot for ruining their worth. And what I wanted was something that I could pull out and take to the range for some fun with no worries one way or another. I should have enough parts for two by the time I'm done and still be no more than what they're charging for one of those reproduction Auto Ordnance ones.
When evenin' rolls around and it's time to
Nice try, Red Runner, you asshat
868. Two Slices from Express Pizza (Phoenixville, PA) @ Home – 6:25 p.m.
Well the result of this whole mess is that I decided to buy my very own DSLR camera and I am going to do this myself from now on. My camera arrived to my house on Friday, but I was away from home all weekend, so I have not had a chance to use it yet. I am so excited though - tonight I will be snapping away...I have a lot to learn!!
So, now I love it! & want things in there places & less junk!
I hope you can see from the photo above
uh oh, gotta go, Dave's kicking me off the computer already...
When we first arrived, all we had was what we packed in our 8 suitcases, which sounds like a lot, but you try moving across the world with a dog and 2 kids, one still in diapers I might add, and see how many non-essential toys for the kids get left for another shipment. We were very lucky that our UAB (unaccompanied air baggage - roughly a 700 lb. shipment) was delivered within a week of arriving to post. And what better use of the UAB boxes are there than making forts for the girls. Many hours of fun were spent improvising with these boxes.
-SK
(This bizarre euphoria/sense of well-being in the face of disaster started to die down in 2011, I forget when exactly.)
He is still staying in the same rented bungalow. All paid for by taxpayers! Is it because all the expenses-paid bungalow is more comfortable than the official residence?
Losing to North Carolina and San Diego State is not exactly embarrassing, but the streak also includes losses to Dartmouth (a traditional cellar-dweller in the Ivy League), Georgia Southern, and Columbia (another Ivy opponent). Elon has struggled putting the ball in the basket in those five games, as it has not shot better than 36% from the field in any of them. The Citadel needs to make sure that trend continues.
SPECTRUM NOIR: markers used were
I am so sad that I am not gonna be with all my banding ladies this year in Chicago. I have a really good friend getting married on Saturday, and I am in the wedding. It is with great sadness that I am missing out. Last year was so much fun. Next year for sure I am on board. I hope you all have a wonderful weekend!!!
And that seems a lifetime ago.
She feels empowered
Goo: Darwin’s disciples figured it out because…. since the universe is expanding it follows that once it was a tiny insignificant dot in the middle of nowhere. (Goo is extremely nervous. He begins to chew his fingernails)
I'm also very proud of my son Christopher, KC9JTL, who upgraded to General at the same time.
It became a realization to me that I had an unhealthy relationship with my “Off Highway Vehicle”, it had become a material possession that I was way too fond of. I stood in the garage looking at it and I actually turned right there, I began to loathe it on the spot, because I realized what all of this was leading up to, it had come between God and me. I didn’t need to sell everything I had, I needed to change my heart and I needed to stop falling in love with stuff. But the quad did need to go, because it would be a reminder as long as it remained in my garage that I “had” been in love with my possessions. I listed it on Craigslist later that day.
KIRK FRANKLIN
Quick Facts! Books: THE NEAR WITCH (2011), THE ARCHIVED (2013) Literary Agent: Holly Root at Waxman Literary Film Agent: Jon Cassir at CAA Publisher: Disney*Hyperion
3. Punctuated the house with boxwood plantings encircling a new lawn
Finely chopped fresh basil
I have vivid memories of my mom taking me with her to the polls on election day. She wasn't particularly politically active, but she always voted, and I tagged along, begging her to tell me who she voted for (she kept mum), and wishing I could step behind the curtain and cast my own ballot. I had already figured out my political leanings in my early teens (I remember being among a handful of students who didn't vote for Reagan in a mock election in 1980), and I registered to vote at 18. It's always been something I've taken seriously, and, though I've missed some of the smaller elections here and there, I've never not been registered and I've always believed voting to be both a privilege and a duty.
This week my new book, EARTH TO CLUNK, came out. Yippee! I love the artwork by Joe Berger! His style is what I think of as "fresh retro". I adore my editor and my agent (shout-outs to Jessica Garrison and Jim Proimos!). They have all worked so hard to make my story into a real live book. So thank you, Joe, Jessica, Jim and all the good folks at Dial for making it happen.
The textures and patterns appeal viscerally to my sense of order and beauty. Even the gradual release of moisture results in splits and fissures that leave character, wisdom in the lines and wrinkles of a beloved elder.
The Rifle Range
The impulsively cool thing to do would be to vote for Kinky. After all, he's a musician with a good sense of humor. However, those whistle stop wisecracks are going stale. I wish I could believe those "no more politics as usual" platitudes, but Friedman's campaign has done far too little to posit him as something more than a novelty.
The book was interesting, it made you think a bit and of course I understood the fear some had. I would fear him, then again the things he could do...Of course I already feel that google has a mind of its own ;)
How do you see these three resources for spiritual formation working in your life?
To Web and for all to read.
1 tbsp season rice vinegar
E. stopped the spread of slavery. 417
Much of the film industry seems to have got behind Farah with her multi-starrer song Deewangi Deewangi. It was a fantastic feat to get so many actors to take part, and we had great fun spotting some of the stars of yesteryear and their signature moves. The satire on the Filmfare awards was partly filmed during the actual ceremony and it is very good humoured of both Filmfare and the array of famous actors to take part. We weren’t quite so enamoured of Bappi Lahiri’s singing on the red carpet but he is a legend in his own blinged up disco way.
We all are going to die and it should make us love each other, but guess what? It doesn’t. Most of us are so consumed and blinded by trivialities and nothingness that we can’t see through the fog. We can’t see what’s actually real in this world. And this my friend, is why Bukowski was a genius and why China will probably win.
And, why are ME patients having strong positive reactions to AIDS drugs? If there's a seasoned reporter in the house who wants to get into some deep investigative journalism on the politics of medicine, that person can read Osler's Web by Hillary Johnson and start a series of stories updating the tale of government mismanagement of research funds. Thanks.
You’re the Tower of Pisa,
What happens next seems inevitable: sooner or later, some creationist teachers are going to attempt to use this law as cover to teach creationism in public school science classes; they’ll get called out on it and taken to court; they will lose, likely costing the state many millions of dollars (plus giving them much-deserved embarrassment) in the process.
Accessories: Tiny Mosaic Embossing Folder, Crystal Clear Emboss Powder, Lace, Fleurettes II, Clear Rhinestone Brad and Dimensionals
Nina Carberry, who was born on July 21, 1984, has been hailed by many as the best female jockey they have seen. The amateur rider and her jockey brothers Paul, Philip and Peterjon were bred for the job. Their father Tommy, a former Irish champion jockey who won the 1975 Grand National on L’Escargot, is now a trainer and saddled Bobbyjo to win the 1999 John Smith’s Grand National with Paul in the saddle. Their mother Pamela is a sister of top trainer Arthur Moore and the daughter of L’Escargot’s trainer Dan Moore. Nina has partnered four winners at the Cheltenham Festival, including three successes in the cross country chase on Heads Onthe Ground (2007) and Garde Champetre (2008 & 2009). She rode her first winner on Sabrinsky in the Ladies’ Derby on the Flat at the Curragh on July 15, 2001. Carberry is the only female jockey to have ridden in the John Smith’s Grand National three times and has completed the course on each occasion. She recently married Ted Walsh Jnr, making her sister-in-law to Katie and Ruby Walsh. John Smith’s Grand National Record: 2006 Forest Gunner (9th); 2010 Character Building (7th), 2011 Character Building (15th)
Now we have decided to write this review of all the unlock 4.11.08 baseband news that happened this month. Read on to know what you might have missed!
If you don’t think you can pull this off, you always have the option of doing it in wallets:
This shows that the Netherlands would benefit financially from leaving the euro and returning to the guilder (75-pages available here). It was commissioned by Geert Wilders and produced by Lombard Street Research.
I’m not stunning, nor gonna be a doctor and I’m wrong a lot but I always support my man, i’ll always listen, love you and help you grow to be the man YOU wanna be, i’m understanding and i’ll give you my last if you need it, i’m genuine – if that isn’t enough well i’m sorry.
“For the record? I really don’t want to like you.”
I have a quilt that I made a couple of years ago that although I was happy with the quilt in terms of the construction, I wasn't completely happy with the quilting that I had done on it. So, I've taken the decision to unpick all the quilting and redo it. I haven't yet decided if I am stupid or crazy with this decision but I am committed to it now and unpick is what I will do.
Simon rushes up and asks if I am okay at which point I burst into tears.
Bias Disclosure Time: I like Chicharito. He might not do more than cheerlead from the seats and I’ll still give it to him. The point then? Oh yeah, watch good soccer. Obvi.
2/ got something nice to say...
For posing in a bikini and posting the photo on her Facebook account, a 16-year-old girl was not allowed to attend her high school graduation ceremony here on Friday.
Hope you are enjoying this crazy warm weather. I should be back later this week with a piece of furniture I painted last week.
Bring your favorite brads or gems for interesting flower centers and if you have any fun material laying about your craft room, bring it along and transform it into a stunning embellishment. Also, be sure to add a small bottle of FabriTac to your class kit.
I have a few exciting projects, and am practically wetting myself to get started. I’m restricted in how much I can reveal about them, but I can say that I’ve got a role in a musical that’s set to open at the Sydney Opera House at the end of the year, I’m wrapping up my role on a quirky web-series soon to hit the net, and I have a small role in a brilliant-looking feature that’s currently shooting in Sydney. As for the rest of the year, I’ll just have to wait to see where the wind takes me.
This evening, we go to The Cuckoo for drinks with Mr and Mrs L#1, Mr and Mrs Jones, Mr S and Ms B. It is Mr Jones’ birthday on Monday as well. He is a year younger than me; annoyingly, this happens every time we have a birthday.
After the downfall of the Soviet Union, Stolichnaya vodka continued to be produced for export in several of the ex-Soviet republics. Because of this, the bottles retained their Soviet-era labels.
The spring brew from Magic Hat. Available in Pandora's Box (4 types of beer 3 of each kind in the box). It was an Irish Ale styled beer (which makes sense with St. Patricks Day in the spring).
On December 19th, the boys of Block B returned to Japan for the second time for their Christmas Live showcase.
While still trying to stay true to her style, she is finding her writing is evolving as she takes on new and uncharted territory for her. In the first months of this year she finally wrapped up her first ever full-length paranormal romance novel. There are many areas of erotica out there that she hasn’t had a chance to really delve into just yet, but she is anxiously looking forward to doing just that.
Lord Peter: A collection of all the Lord Peter Wimsey short Stories by Dorothy L. Sayers
Long story short, I got to the end of the day without properly breaking. Go me.
Going round in circles
It should stem from a genuine want to see them do better, and it's about MAKING YOUR HELP COUNT. You helping a poor relative financially is going to do more for that relative than donating through a charity to Somalia.
I thought about this yesterday when mentioning to a friend that I’m having a procedure today (a breast ultrasound). We don’t even know what the problem is, but I mentioned that one of the answers could be breast cancer.
There are other, much smaller companies in Kentucky that also call themselves cooperages. They may make a few new barrels, or resell new barrels acquired from ISC, but mostly they deal in used barrels that they buy in large quantities from the distilleries.
24. Don Winslow "The Power of the Dog"
So that's a look at my life these days and how I'm feeling. I'm surprised I've settled in so well, but I think I knew what to expect and was well-prepared for the experience. Granted, not everything is sunshine and roses, but usually I just feel crappy after teaching a horrible lesson. I'd like to cook more, as I feel like I'm eating only a few different meals over the course of a week, but I think I'm better at getting fruits - at least through juices, plus bananas a few times a week. Anyway - thoughts? Comments? Questions? Concerns?
The BB Cream helps us to save time, because its only application includes moisturizer, sunscreen, anti-redness primer, and foundation, and to save money, because it one product for 7 different actions.
Banks of check-outs?
Chatting with the well known Samsung mobile phones there can be smartphones like Samsung hearth, Motorola Droid,Samsung XT532,Samsung XT 615, Samsung Atrix 2, Samsung Professional player, Motorola Repel Along with and even Motorola Milestone.
Method: The most tedious thing in this preparation is chopping all those veggies, so if you have a food processor your life just got easy. If you do not, chop away like I did yesterday evening for almost an hour. Why an hour? Cos I am a perfectionist (my husband says I have surgical precision, don't know about that, but I like my veggies evenly chopped and I am ready to give it time). You may also use the ready to cook frozen veggies. Saves a lot of time, if nothing else.
Water, to Moors, or Muslims, represented an element of paradise. Today’s vacation resorts incorporate water activities. “Ah, this is paradise,” visitors say, as they lie on the beach or splash in a pool.
The nation's second largest childcare provider, Bright Horizons, will work with the Partnership for a Healthier America to implement the checklist at nearly 600 child care centers across the country. The Partnership is a coalition of non-profit foundations that was created in 2010 to support the Let's Move! campaign.
About a month ago, I decided to drive solo from Asheville, North Carolina (our home) to San Diego for the Good Vibrations Unschooling Conference.
it is ridiculous to suppose
(or the ultimate Yoichi train drink)
01 - Shackled & Drawn
When we make it our goal to not receive the comments others have for us emotionally, we save ourselves from “feeling errors.” We are choosing to not be super-sensitive concerning ourselves so that we may be objective concerning the words and ideas before us. We recognize that the matter is not so much about us. We will not handle admonitions well if we do.
This was an amazing year for Sandra's Cakes. After our first year in business, we continue to grow and we have built a great reputation in our community. I'm proud to say that our hard work has paid off and I'm also very proud that we have earned the respect and support of many wedding professionals and by mostly word of mouth we made hundreds of cakes and made many clients very happy! THANK YOU once again for allowing us to be part of your special celebrations. It was an honor for us to be part of each one of them and to know that our cakes were literally the highlight of every event! I praise God for our success and look forward to another amazing year.
He is so closed off from me. He lied about his involvement with her and tried to make me think that he needed to break away to work on himself. Instead now I see that he has moved on and I have been cast aside. There is nothing I can do to change this. I am a second rate copy of the girl I used to be and he does not want me anymore. I don’t think anyone ever will.
Telling is okay.....
It's a cracking pub, one of those places that has withstood every single trend, technological development and interior design fad of the last thirty years. It has carpets. And separate rooms. Aged banquettes that create a barrier between groups but still allow those groups to eye each other up. A hierarchy so clear that as you walk in for the first time, you immediately know which rooms are open to you as a stranger, and which are not. And a random collection of brilliant and nonsensical stuff on the walls that could keep you gawking for hours.
Joe, Niko, Jason, and JC all fell over laughing.
Switching from e-mails and journal entries to first person perspective and omniscient narration without missing a beat, you’ll be asking the same question that Neil Gaiman did upon reading lost boy, lost girl: “How the hell does he do that?”
Series:
Fear not, Diddums, for I think I have the answer. In fact, I know I do.
