Next on the agenda is a digital-to-analogue converter, to be referred to using the acronym DAC. What is a DAC? In simple terms, it accepts a numerical value between zero and a maximum value (digital) and outputs a voltage between the range of zero and a maximum relative to the input value (analogue). One could consider this to be the opposite of the what we use the function analogRead(); for. For our example we will use a Microchip MCP4921 (data sheet.pdf):
An Easter rally was taken out in the city on Saturday (April 7th) as a part of Easter celebrations. The procession started at Naini and after passing through areas culminated at Union Church in Civil Lines.
The Apostles did not have doubts about Christ’s Resurrection.
herded, misinformed, lied to and mugged
Todor
Oh wait - I did get some. She did this pumpkin from a tutorial on Hodgepodge:
Last month, I did a book event in Ontario, Canada. This past weekend, I was at Teen Book Fest in Ontario, California. When I asked readers on Facebook and Twitter to come to this lastest event, there was some confusion when I said it was in Ontario, CA. (CA can represent either California or Canada, and a few Canadians said they were happy to see me coming back so soon. So while I'm sorry for the confusion, at least the reaction was positive!)
So what did you think? Are you happy Sookie and Eric kissed? Do you think anything else happened before Bill showed up?
Thinking that we would just walk up to the cashiers desk and pay for our selection, I look up and BAM there were all these product displays attached to each other that I had to snake through to get to the check out desk. I was like "wha? wha?". I went through it slowly, amazed @ the ostentatiousness of the retailer.
did for his other film ‘Ghajini’, Sachiin is undergoing rigorous
+ green salad, to serve
braced the purple sticks, unlikely babies,
“From all reports, their rapport grew even deeper during this time,” says Venkata. “At one point, Dr. West expressed appreciation for his mother, mentioning that she continues to be the biggest influence in his life. Touched by this, Radhanath Swami said that he would really love to meet her someday. At which point Dr. West responded, ‘Let’s call her up.’ So they did! And so you have this funny scene where Radhanath Swami and Cornel West are spontaneously phoning up
Oh man, Ryan Adams, what have you been doing all decade? Making terrible records, that is what. Except this one. And Easy Tiger. But that isn't all that important to the point I need to make, and that is to explain how great this record is. And boy is it ever great, proving that "country" isn't the dirty word so many believe it to be. Though the record may have been named on the spur of the moment when Adams was put on the spot and happened to be looking at a poster of Mariah Carey wearing a shirt that read "Heartbreaker," it's an apt title, as the album wallows in sadness. Adams's sad and powerful crooning lends the record its emotional core, communicating a depth of despair that just isn't possible in genres that aren't country. For all of that, the high point of the album is "Oh My Sweet Carolina" and Adams's duet with Emmylou Harris. Songs like that are the reason country continues to be a viable genre.
''Elementary schools aren't the only ones getting in on the racial action. In a totally different arena, churches are having racial unity seminars and conferences to make their congregations aware of how differences in people's skin color affect the way they grew up and how they live now.
Right Back: (WS) Facing
.MMMMMEEEERRRRROOOOWWWW!!!!
I'm sure you have picked up on the fact that I love, love, love Nikki from Melonheadz Illustrating. This is a little Writer's Notebook cover I made this week that we are using next year. It features one of her darling sets and borders . . .
Step 2 clean lamp shades or change for lighter colour shades/diffuser
I believe the launch of Animee is misguided and flawed, but there are some good points in there if you look hard enough. I'll sum this up in a list of positives and negatives, to make it easy.
And I'm haunted.
What if someone develops claustrophobia? Or bubonic plague? Avian flu?
i expected some hesitation – and maybe some tears – so we'd been "cutting hair" all week with bonzo's trusty play-doh scissors. we went through all the steps at home: the chair would go up and down, the cape (flour sack dish towel) would be draped over his shoulders then his hair would be sprayed, combed and cut. i was bonzo's barber and he was mine. we inspected my blowdryer thoroughly. listened to the sound it made and talked about the sounds we'd hear at the salon.
I stamped the leaf image from Spiral Bouquet (see Stamps I use) with Aqua Mist (Papertrey Ink) first and then kissed it by stamping with the inside of the Mini Sunflower set (PTI) with Rich Cocoa (Memento) before stamping over the Aqua Mist image. For the inside image I used the same ink but used one of the other images from the Spiral Bouquet set.
The ability to protect your margins comes with confidence, confidence in the current relationship between you and your client, maintaining that relationship for the future, standing up for yourself and confidence for the reasons why you’re asking for more money in the first place.
Alba
Death comes for everyone. But what if you were given seven more hours? Would you go back and relive a previous time in your life? Or would you live those seven more hours, starting now?
SONS OF THE PIONEERS 25 Favorite Cowboy Songs (1956)
Live Music
Cheddar cheese- 2 tbsp, finely grated
None, not one of these useless fuckers will eat any of the scores of mice that live in our garage, and cost me extra money by eating up the cat food.
“Who are you writing to?”
Incest and Women:
It isn't perfect (dammit, I'm a blogger, not a real writer), but I like my version better than the published work. By removing the clunky descriptives it seems smoother, and nothing relating to the story is lost. The captain is being mischievous. Riker is nervous because of it. There is a mystery guest on the ship. Badda boom, badda bing, it's a wonderful thing.
LÄPPLE: When he was a young scholar, even before the First World War, he had supported with enthusiasm the exegetical line according to which Mark’s was the first Gospel to be written, providing the source for the other synoptic Gospels. A thesis now commonly accepted, but then all this was branded as modernism. The pages with the arguments set out by Maier were ripped out of the miscellaneous volume in which they had been published. He was banned from teaching. But after the Second World War things
The Bank of Japan has printed the equivalent of $322 billion.
You’ll see that this book is different from the moment you pick it up and thumb through the pages. SARK—her name stands for Susan Ariel Rainbow Kennedy—is both artist and writer, and her books are filled with lush watercolors and wonderful little cartoons that run around the pages. Her books talk about “succulent living”—how to have a life that’s fun and filled with juiciness and vibrancy. She explores everything from creativity to sex to living with and without money.
But in a pizza place with brown paper table 'cloths'
This is my first piece for my short fiction class. The prompt boiled down to: someone tells a lie which gets blown out of proportion, bad things happen. This was a quick write and may/may not be revised. I.E. it’s currently very raw. Also it took me awhile to come up with a title for this, I literally just came up with it out of the blue while at work. I’m not sold on it just yet… so if anyone has brilliant suggestions I’m all ears.
Harvested the fruits from sorrows grove.
Sleeping is definitely easier.
I felt the power of the "change" from this experience. One night, I couldn't get to sleep because I couldn't stop praising God. I couldn't stop singing His praises (don't worry...I was in my private room by now). I couldn't stop talking to Him. I couldn't focus on anything else.
Today, I hung washing outside for the first time in months! I have fallen prey to the tumble drier to save our house looking and smelling like a laundry for all these cold weeks and now it's warmer, it's so lovely being able to hang it up on the line again. Of course, it started to rain as I did so, but then I just felt smug that we have an ingenious covered line ;)
By a dirty old shack
When connected to the current of creativity, there is no impediment to what you can dream and create. In the flow of these energies, the problems and concerns of 3d existence are felt dispassionately, with little commitment of emotional energy. In the deeper states of immersion with the blissful vibrations, the mind and body assumes certain postures and focus of mind. You become all feeling and Being, following the most subtle threads of Bliss energy to its Source.
After that debacle, I decided to dry my hair with the blow dryer for a change. But NOOOOO! You can’t let me have that freaking luxury now, can you?! Instead, the red button popped out and the damn dryer won’t turn on. And I am TOO short to reach the plug above my bathroom mirror. So, once again, it’s air-drying as per most every other after-shower regimen.
Rohrabacher’s motion, which was co-sponsored by Congressmen Louie Gohmert and Steve King, highlighted Balochistan’s troubled relations with the federal government after the creation of Pakistan.
AFTER CHRISTMAS - COMES VALENTINES DAY!! I'm hoping to do another "party" at the S&S Cafe. I'll be making some soaps and baskets up. As well as some specialty scented bath bombs and massage bars. LADIES...be sure to tell you husbands/boyfriends to "like" my page...I just might be running some specials just for them - so be sure to tell them exactly what you want!
The fourth, and probably one of the most important commandments is “Remember the Sabbath day by keeping it holy.” The Sabbath day is the seventh day of the week that God set aside for us as a day of rest. It is a day when we do not work; where we spend time with family and worship God. But the Sabbath is much more then a day of rest, it is the most debated subject in all of Christendom.
On Sunday night, I went to bed rather early (around 10:30pm) so that I could rest up for the start of a new week. Spring is usually a pretty busy time of year at our college, so I wanted to make sure that I would have a good start on the week. Well, once I was in bed, I flipped on my TV and started watching Futurama. I then noticed that, for some reason, it appeared to be filmed in 3D. “Shoot!”, I thought to myself, “if only I had 3D glasses, this would be SO cool to watch!”
the prime rib, and a very tassstty
My A-B Inbev boycott starts right now.
Charlie Rudder says he didn’t mean to abduct Mrs. Ann Kocheka Skyler from her suburban home in Simpsonville, South Carolina. And he certainly didn’t know Ann would kill her husband.
That Hours may live on and grant True Love through.
"If you analyze it I believe the very heart and soul of conservatism is libertarianism. I think conservatism is really a misnomer just as liberalism is a misnomer for the liberals-if we were back in the days of the Revolution, so-called conservatives today would be the Liberals and the liberals would be the Tories. The basis of conservatism is a desire for less government interference or less centralized authority or more individual freedom and this is a pretty general description also of what libertarianism is.
She looked back and nodded; gesturing wordlessly with her own PK-106 assault rifle.
Ah, wait a minute, I see.
Are you wondering if I used my power tools for this project? I have to come clean and tell you I didn't touch a single one. I played the role of Tim the Toolman's handy assistant and let my husband do the cutting. I bet he just cringes inside when he hears the words..."So, I was thinking..."
Knowing very well escapism can only be transitory, and also knowing very well you cannot eternally escape anything in life,why do you still try to escape? Why don’t you want to know, what you must know? When the cat closes its eyes the world does not become blind. Eventually, what must be faced must be faced. Then, why at all eventually? Why at all postpone? The forest fire you will face tomorrow is the little spark that you tried to escape yesterday.
The coincidences keep coming, and some are retrospective. Some recent discoveries have conferred historical veracity on aspects of a story I happily invented in The Undrowned Child. In that novel, the blind warrior Enrico Dandolo comes to life again in 1899 to help save Venice from my villain, Bajamonte Tiepolo. Now I have found out, researching something completely different, that there was indeed an old and deep hatred between the Dandolo and the Tiepolo families in Venice. Of course Dandolo would have wanted to kill Bajamonte. Another newly-discovered fact … it was Enrico Dandolo who sent Saint Lucy’s body back to Venice, having captured it in Constantinople. In The Undrowned Child, Dandolo goes to San Geremia to make sure her body has been revived for the apocalyptic final battle. Yet I had no idea of the very personal connection between warrior and saint when I wrote that scene.
After Wodrick took the time to barricade himself in the west wing of the central manor, he did a quick search and found a small locked coffer in an office (chest sized to a gnome). Cackling at his luck, the crafty gnome bard hefted the container and looked for another way out...Billy Palsy and Barry Picaroon ran through a hysterical crowd following a duped guard toward the last tower in the garrison. The one holding the prison block. Once inside they ascended some stairs and were met by the loyally unmoving turnkey of the prison tower. Not a bluff from Billy nor an intimidating threat from Barry would move this man. "If the tower caught on fire, the scum in here would deserve to burn!" he declared. In a hurry, Palsy knifed the duped guard and Blonde Barry clubbed the turnkey unconscious. Taking both their uniforms off, they hurried up to the cells above to find Ironclaw McGrath.
However. I was clicking around the net one day last week, trying in vain to find a history project based on quilting and the Civil War, which I thought I'd bookmarked but hadn't, when I came upon Intellego Maps K-2. I'd say it was an impulse buy, but it took too long for that. Password amnesia.
While in that scene, Frenchy may have been referring to having one’s ears pierced with nothing but an ice cube, a virgin pin and a prayer, to me, she could just as easily have been talking about skinny jeans.
GingaPaul, dear friend - it was a blessing to have known you.
Anyway this year I decided to start purchasing Mixed Media Kits from Blue Bazaar and as we have just had a long weekend in Queensland and I have no assignments due I decided to tidy up my craft room. I now have a workable area and start on these pages.
3 Industrial Muzak 6:17
Used Peachy Keen stamp face from Princess Face Assortment. Sentiment" Happy Teacher Appreciation Day" is from Emma My Creative time "My Teacher Rocks" stamp set. Black Momento ink.
The Acer Iconia Tab A200 isn’t a good choice as an ebook reader. While there’s no problem with the screen, the difficulty comes from the hefty body and the 715g weight of the tablet itself. It makes holding it one-handed a real workout, and although possible, it’s not entirely comfortable to read on for a long time.
"We do need a vegetable. Do you want to microwave the peas?"
Dug my way out, blood and fire
And the bribe/lack of creativity bit: I want to learn more about my followers. First person to comment (that has a blog) will get interviewed here, on Glittering Compositions.
The new mid-engine coupe is powered by a tuned-up 3.4-litre six-cylinder engine developing 330 hp (243 kW). In the standard configuration it transmits its power to the rear wheels via a six-speed manual gearbox that propels the car from 0 to 100 km/h (62 mph) in 5.0 seconds. Or there is the option of the seven-speed Porsche Doppelkupplungsgetriebe (PDK) that reduces its acceleration time to 4.9 seconds. For even more impressive sprinting performance, the Cayman R can be supplied with one of the optional Sport Chrono packages, taking it to 100 km/h (62 mph) in 4.7 seconds. The new mid-engine coupe is capable of a top speed of 282 km/h (175 mph) with manual gearbox, or 280 km/h (174 mph) with PDK. Its NEDC fuel consumption is 9.7 l/100 km (29.12 mpg imp.) with six-speed gearbox and 9.3 l/100 km (30.37 mpg imp.) with PDK.
So both love and fear is an inward vibration, expressed outwards from you. You can fool yourself, but you can never ever fool the field of energy… the vibration of all life.
“The way it feels like the world disappears, and there’s only you and the water. No noise, no clutter—just the water cradling you—” He stops, his face flushing. “There’s a kind of peace,” he adds, quickly.
And Lord, please keep my heart so tender that it does not take a bolt of lightning to get my attention.”
Cee-Lo
The day was warmish though I needed hat, scarf and gloves. At times there were bursts of sunshine that I basked in and the air seemed much fresher than the city.
First of all there is the dealers who sell wonderful magical tricks. Things which will work in the palm of your hand up to and including bespoke illusions for your stage act.
1) With the warm dry winter, French broom is already in full bloom along Route 13 in the East Bay area - but completely absent from Redwood Preserve, as far as I can tell, due to a concerted effort by volunteers over the past few years. Good job! A few years it looked like it had completely taken over.
What are your achievements?
In my opinion, the public is so easily persuaded by pundits because economics often collides with political philosophy. Many times, people will stick to their own beliefs when confronted with the unfamiliar. However, I do think that the overall complexity lends itself to much disagreement. Noah Smith has a great take on the issue in this post.
The cost of the Frank Gehry-designed project has grown by two-thirds since the December 2003, when it was announced at $2.5 billion. Last year, the cost was said to be $3.5 billion, while now it would be $4.2 billion, due in part to increased construction costs, site acquisition costs, infrastructure costs, the railyard bid increase from $50 million to $100 million, and a closer analysis of actual costs.
Throughout this entire process culture plays an important role. Cultural values, views, understandings, idioms, language, expectations, social conventions, etc. color this process both in what was originally received from God and in how it is transmitted. This is why people from another culture can often fail to understand the stories or parables of another culture. This is why we must study the original culture, the ancient social and political context, and the ancient languages the Bible was written in to really figure out what is going on.
Roughly a month ago, I had this one inked into my left shoulder: a simple text bordered by two lines above and below a four-letter name. I was asked why have it and why the name. I replied, “because, …(long pause) you are a permanent part of me.” I left it at that.
that shined that June day
We do not assume that we know what the other person will say or think. We will never walk in the shoes of somebody else, not matter how long or how well we think we know that person. We cannot know not only what they are going to say but how they are going to say. The context of what is said is not only what it is said – the words. It is A part of the communication and in fact the smallest one (7%). The next part is the way we choose to say something, the tone of the voice or otherwise how we say what we say (38%). The last but not least – in fact the most important part – is how our body language connects to what we just said. That’s why the face to face is the best way of communication, as all three parts are present. When we talk e.g. on the phone, we lose 55% – the body language.
These Gypsy peppers were good frying peppers, but again, they were on the pungent side, so we mostly chopped them up for the freezer last harvest season and have been since adding them judiciously to our suppers.
11:57 - you go to the front of the restaurant with your card & check in hand.
Carrot
Finally inside this unimposing off-licence an impressive arsenal of craft beers- both international and British- await you. Among the international guys, the Belgians impress the most, but the British selection is still the main draw to me.
Cindy Leland from Agudas Achim wrote the arrangement for an Israeli memorial song. “The choir will sing a memorial song that is used in ceremonies in Israel, ‘Rikma Enoshit Achat ‘(We are all one human fabric) written by Moti Hamet,” said Leland.
chanced to be told off for the sea, he would not have been the last man
So, as you seek to complicate your hero’s life in Act Two, ensure that everything you throw at them arises from and relates to their innermost desire, and you’ll build a stronger and more focused story.
You Asked: Security information
Tour de Fat 2010 schedule:
and kisses Major Nelson
ASK THE LONELY
From Respectable Sins: Confronting the Sins We Tolerate by Jerry Bridges, page 29-30.
The party of seven included two clerics (the twins) two wizards (dumb and dumber) two fighters – the brains of the group (Eeoow!) and an elf rogue who got eaten (oops). Each of the four iconic classes are well represented by the pre-gens, who have great spells, skills, and other class and race abilities.
Here is SS-197:
Never again is the catalyst for change. When someone makes that kind of declaration, then it is absolute that whatever it is will never be tolerated again. No one can talk you out of it. It is not up for discussion. The bridge behind you is ablaze so there is no going back.
Passmark Modem Test (Now Freeware) – PassMark ModemTest is an easy-to-use Windows based application that allows users to test their dial up modem. ModemTest performs low level testing that is independent of your Internet Service Provider.
"Yes," he replied, "but it's just not the same."
Charles Sheeler (1 gelatin silver print, 1927/1941)
What a fiasco! More than that, it just demonstrates how removed from reality the movers and shakers in Malaysia are.
Then he asks the second hostage if he saw him rob the bank.
Unfortunately my camera is not working anymore, so I had to use my OLD digi-cam, which really is old... The photo of my card is okay, but not as good as with my beloved camera.
This could easily end up in a punch-up: angry Catholic footballer versus angry atheist academic……
Pakistan is another nation that has expressed interest in the Individual Partnership and Cooperation Programme.
There are some other points I’d like to address, but I’m reserving a second post for that. Stay tuned.
And there shall come forth a shoot (netzer, וְנֵצֶר) out of the stock of Jesse, and a twig shall grow forth out of his roots. (Isaiah 11:1, Hebr/Eng Bible, JPS 1917)
Yum! Had this for supper last night with a salad and for lunch today! I got the original recipe from Healthy Girls' Kitchen but adapted it to my tastes. I like more flavour. You can double this for a potluck, delicious! Bonus....it is FAT FREE!
There's a 13 year old black cat purring on my lap. I think she'll like it there.
Liu only raised $82,305 from Jan. 1 through March 25.
A wedding?
Regardless of whatever musical highs and lows it may have had, the thing that most sticks in my mind about tonight's show is a feeling of dread.
Before he left, Chavez said he would need surgery on a probably malignant lesion in the same area of his pelvis where a large cancerous tumor was removed last June. He has also said he might need radiotherapy treatment after the latest operation, raising the prospect of another lengthy convalescence.
This also includes the design of the characters that are going to be running around doing this whole thing.
When I first saw David Bentley play for the first team, everything in the background slipped out of focus. I had eyes only for the guy with the spiky rattail thing on his head. He was so brash, so stylish!
At some point the subject of Anthony Bologna came up. James and I both had the same thing to say “Fuck him!” Although Bologna is a despicable coward he has certainly galvanized the public against the brutal suppression of the Occupy Wall Street protests.
God present to us.
--In the Land of Giants
To make the Cacao Fudge Cake Pop filling, grind goji berries in a coffee grinder until a powder-like consistency. I just used a food processor which kind of worked. Set aside. Process the walnuts until they are a fine and crumbly consistency. Add in the dates, maca, goji powder, maple syrup, vanilla, and process until mixture is soft and dense. Add in the 3 tbsp of flour if the mixture is too wet (this may change depending on the individual preparation of the recipe). You might also find yourself patting the mixture with a cloth to remove some of the excess oil from the walnuts.
Themes, Motifs and Symbols:
I'm for taking Nangumba and her deadbeat husband and sticking their deadbeat asses on a slow boat back to Nigeria, then giving the Somalian pirates a heads-up that another boat is headed their way.
I was thinking a bit about it all, and concluded that whatever the circumstances, nothing beats freedom.
So I was sceptical - along with gazillions of other fans, apparently. Colfer was even invited, randomly, by Facebook to join a group petitioning to stop him writing "Part Six of Three" as And Another Thing is so waggishly labelled. Being a sport, he joined.
They then took his crutches and takkies. A man who saw the incident recorded it on his cellphone.
calves. If I do exercises that specifically target my calves, I am prone to getting charlie horses in the middle of the night. They are the worst! It may also be because I really need to work on stretching more.
Advising employers on a complex topic
After watching all the Bourne series I was interested to see if Matt Damon could pull this movie off.
We arrived to the lodge docks, greeted with juice, and were shuffled into a cramped waiting area where we stood with all our luggage awaiting our room number. Our hoarse guide quietly gives instructions about staying on the grounds, when meals are, none of which we heard then a new guide stood before us. I disliked this part; it was unorganized and unprofessional. Also, there was confusion about who our new guide was, which apparently places you in a specific group, like assigned seating in the restaurant area. I apologize for the complaining, but it really was bizarre and again, touristy. Very little room for an individualistic experience, in my opinion.
( didn't the first time )
So I was glancing over The Warlord, The Blind Slave, And The Dog Called Brutus*, and it occurred to me I'm quite pleased with my first line. First lines are important: something drummed into me during my authorly apprenticeship. First lines should intrigue and interest the reader, should make them want to know more, wonder why and how this situation or thought or conversation has arisen.
We got our van unpacked and our mounds of junk into the apartment the day after we stayed with Corey. It's a pretty nice place on the top floor which is good because we don't have anyone making noise above us, but bad because everything had to be hauled to the third floor. We came with totes full of stuff, and a giant air mattress we had delivered to Corey. Home sweet home, lol. Most things were unpacked and organized the first day: our clothes, computer, box of kitchen stuff, bathroom stuff, etc. It was looking pretty empty but we were determined to make it into some sort of home.
Starship Trooper
It never fails. People will leave you alone, oftentimes perfectly content with the delusion that everything is indeed well with you. They have avoided the misfortune of discovering that they have a friend in need, and the burden or obligation to rush to assist, and you have avoided the discomfort of emotional exposure, and are now free to remain in your misery by yourself, consoling yourself that you did not unnecessarily inconvenience your friends with your personal problems.
- Quill, – I said. – My new favorite company.
Trucks
the two butterflies on the outside edges of this one are ones from the melted pearls baggie.
Some facts about Amazon river:
I was thinking today about my grandmother. We called her Murry, or Mur, and I have no idea why. I was the sixth grandchild, so I didn't have any say in the matter. We called my grandfather Pa. I was only eleven when Pa died, and I don't remember him well. Mostly I remember him just like in the photo above, sitting in a recliner with the newspaper. He was a quiet, tired man.
Khalas!
Alongside the swimming pool there is however a building from the era that survives. The Porte des Lilas Metro station was opened in 1922, in good time for the games, and still retains its art deco façade and attractive tiling.
Now, Labour stops at one of those literary oases which are occasionally found in the sterile desert of Street hawkerdom - a book stall; where he is soon employed in thumbing old, greasy, dogs eared numbers of Chamber's Journal," Mechanics' Magazine," "Penny Cyclopedia," “Penny Magazine," and other choice literary food; or smiling with grim contempt at the pert miliner's apprentice, who is investing her last penny in the purchase of two or three rudely illustrated numbers of such startling and thrilling tales as " Varney the Vampire; or, the Feast of Blood:” “The Death Grasp; or, the Skeleton Hand:" "Vileroy; or, the Horrors of Zindorf Castle," etc. There is no truer barometer of popular literary taste than the humble stall of the street book seller, and it is highly satisfactory to learn that of late years the demand for penny novels and similar literary trash has steadily declined; while the sale of back numbers and second hand editions of such works as "Cassell's Educator," “Chambers's Information," " Chambers's Cyclopedia," and “Knight's Volumes," is on the increase.
20% of Greece’s debt is about $70 billion. Had that much of the debt been forgiven six months ago, when I first suggested it, there would’ve been no riots, no knife-edge Parliamentary votes, and a much lower spike in global debt yields.
And I see
To be continued tomorrow…
The light switch.
How To Be Bad (2008)
Tyre also says that test scores have been over-emphasized in the past. (The TIME magazine article says, "Standardized tests only measure about a third of the curriculum that should be being taught in the school, which means if the school is only teaching the test material, your child is missing out on a lot.")
We look forward to seeing your creations!
As for future travel, I will be heading to DC tomorrow, and luckily staying next to a brewpub. Stay tuned.
Actually I should not have been surprised as I have happy memories of selling the same producer’s excellent Quinta da Bacalhôa many, many years ago. That is also a Cabernet-Merlot blend (very good and great value for money), but the Palácio da Bacalhôa is the Grand Vin of the estate and uses the very best selection of fruit.
“To the grade Illuminated Minerval were admitted those Minervals who in the judgment of their superiors were worthy of advancement. Elaborate initiatory ceremonies fixed in the candidate’s mind the notions that the progressive purification of his life was to be expected as he worked his way upward in the order, and that the mastery of the art of directing men was to be his special pursuit as long as he remained in the new grade. To accomplish the latter, i.e., to become an expert psychologist and director of men’s consciences, he must observe and study constantly the actions, purposes, desires, faults, and virtues of the little group of Minervals who were placed under his personal direction and care. For his guidance in this difficult task a complicated mass of instructions was furnished him.
4) Sennen no Love Song
~ Stories will release in October 2012
*1 ½ “ Circle Punch
I generally watch a whole bunch of things on there, but I came across something yesterday that made me bounce in my seat because I was THAT. EXCITED.
A few weeks back (I wanted to mention it closer to when it happened but I was lazy with scanning of things) I went to get my usual Diet Dr. Pepper from the Pepsi machine in the break room/kitchenette at work. The thing costs $1.25 (down from several months and another vender back when it was $1.35). So I do my usual ritual of making sure the corners of the dollar are as unfolded as much as possible put it into the dollar feeder and then plunk my quarter into the coin slot. Well it did go plunk right into the coin return bin. The machine didn't take my quarter, so I put it in again. Plunk same thing it didn't like this quarter for some reason. I look at the quarter and don't see anything wrong with it just an ordinary quarter, so I fished out another quarter from my pocket and plunked that one in and the machine liked it fine and dandy and I finally got rewarded with my Diet Doctor Pepper. So the quarter?
“Director, I just received word about ten minutes ago that the Empress has passed away,” Drahzen said.
The midterms week arrived, one day she was having a very difficult test, her professor have summoned some of his best students to help him monitoring the class to prevent any cheating from happening during the test. He was among the students, watching them; he saw her, she was very confused, because she answered almost all the questions except for one, she was struggling to remember the answer, because she prepared well for this test, but her memory betrayed her. However, he noticed her confusion, and he approached her, she saw him and asked him to help her , she asked him to elaborate that difficult question maybe she will catch a clue from his elaboration that might remind her of the answer. He was VERY happy because she asked for his help; he not only gave the answer of the remained question, he also corrected some of the answers of other questions. She was very happy, her heart was beating so fast, she did not believe what was happening; not because that she found the answers, but because the person ,whom she likes helped her and he was really generous which means that he likes her too. She called her best friend when she got home and told her what happened earlier in college, she was beyond herself. She was waiting for him to do the next move, she wondered: “What will happen next?” she goes to college everyday with excitement hoping for a miracle to happen but sadly nothing happens, only exchanging looks and smiles; she is too coward to make a move. One day she was sitting with her friends chatting and gossiping, suddenly they started to talk about him and how half of the college girls adore him and that they wish that he would notice any of them. Her smile disappeared and she kept quiet the rest of the day, she was thinking the whole class, the whole day. She spoke to her best friend with a sad voice: “All the girls in college are in love with him.” She did not want that, she wanted a guy just for her not a guy who is like a cake everybody want a piece. She wanted him for her, only her, so she decided to forget about him. She thought that he is the one, but he was not; so maybe next time she will get lucky. However she decided to hunt for a new love.
#5 List your top 5 stores you like to frequent/shop.
Burill said if Cooksey refuses to come into compliance with the law, the board could file for an injunction.
Take your baby to have her feet measured every six to eight weeks. She will grow about two shoes sizes a year, so she’ll need new shoes fairly frequently. Continue to have your baby’s feet measured this regularly until she is about four years old. After this you can get them measured every three months.
We compare this account with that of Acts 9:7.
That explosives are likely to be used in a violent conflict in the 21st century is too obvious a point to be worthy of further elaboration in its own right. However, given that neither side in the conflict will have much access, if any at all, to regular supplies of military explosives or explosive devices, nearly all use of explosives will feature home-made explosives of some sort. The importance of this point cannot be overstated. In Iraq, for example, the improvised explosive devices used by insurgents seem to be constructed overwhelmingly out of the vast stores of standard munitions that either existed in Iraq at the time of the 2003 invasion or that have been smuggled in since. Artillery shells, tank shells, mortar shells, and anti-tank mines, which is to say, industrially produced explosive devices of great power and reliability, have been crucial to the lethality of the operations undertaken against U.S. and other forces.
THIS SOFTWARE IS THE PROPERTY OF AND IS LICENSED BY VERITAS SOFTWARE,
The latest Louis Vuitton summer 2012 campaign takes us on a sunny seaside holiday to Mexico!!
-32 tight weave batting circles
Stamps - Stampendous CRP144 - I Love Paris
What do you call it when rain falls while the sun is shining?
I had a very good experience in talking to a customer service rep at eBay today and my limit to selling is now increased to the point where there shouldn't be anymore interruptions in the listing process.
1. Survival of the organization.
The three dogs recovered from the home were turned over to county officials. The three animals were all quickly adopted.
Have you ever seen the episode of The Simpsons where impressionable youths are implored to join the navy in a plot involving a newly formed boy-band, N-Sync and the song ‘Yvan Eht Nioj’? Well this was a bit like that, only far more ludicrous. The overriding messages seem to be threefold:
because no matter how long we’re apart or how far away you are, a very special part of you goes with me everywhere.
I canceled my plans (writing group) today because I feel so rotten. It’s 30 degrees outside, and my husband just called to say that where he is it’s snowing. SNOWING…after we’ve had temperatures in the 80s. This weather is crazy.
When questioned as to whether the inclusion of such a category would continue in future ACO-sanctioned events, ACO Sporting Director, Vincent Beaumesnil responded with the following statement: “At this stage, for sure, it’s a one shot. “Maybe in the future for other race events we’ll be open, but there’s no question. We won’t introduce these cars in all of the Le Mans events.”
Of depth indeterminate
They will be served cubes of melon, wedges of oranges & tangerines, plums, nectarines & grapes (still in bunches).
Of course, like all gods and goddesses, the muses are fickle and love to play tricks on us humans. I wouldn’t be surprised if by the time I finished writing my book and got it published, blue would have been done to death. The nine muses will be out there somewhere in the great blue yonder, laughing at me and my gullibility in thinking I was original.
You want a great marketing strategy? Create an incredible customer experience and you’ll have the greatest contributor to new and recurring business you could have. Think about it. Most business owners and managers think of marketing and promoting their business in the context of spending money on advertising. While certainly advertising and other forms of marketing your business are key, creating a superior customer experience is the first worthy marketing investment you can make.
1/3 c. chicken broth
Karla: It’s part of your Redwood Pack series, I realize, but where specifically did the idea for this story come from?
So, I used the same basic idea for both, with little tweaks to make them each different. I learned the way to do it from my own big, who made ours yellow using the same kind of idea. Couldn't find pics of that either.
their families into turmoil.
Today from 1-5, I shall be at the gallery for Sunday on Paseo creek :) a Really lovely time..& it is so nice outside:)
Don’t worry, I am a strong person. I will come out of this and get my shit together, but for now I really need to focus on getting real with myself. I have to fix me before I destroy anything or anyone else. I need to figure out why I feel the need to control people into loving me.
I drank another beer that they had, and I paid for it. Trina apologized for not having the beer I had ordered first, and said the next one would be on them. Unfortunately, I had to leave. I tried to find my jacket, but the place was getting very busy, so they had moved it around. I got a little anxious trying to find my jacket, but I located it on a planter. The crowd was now women and men in their 40s-50s.
So in essence faith in Jesus implies listening to the words and Jesus and following it through in our lives. This is the essential principle of salvation under the New covenant i.e. not through the Blood of bulls but by the blood (or life as the life was in the blood) of Jesus.
Think a Pandemic of Avian flu that was supposed to kill half the worlds population by now.
Bo Guagua has been quoted in the Chinese media as saying that he won full scholarships from age 16 onward. Harrow, Oxford and the Kennedy School said that they couldn’t comment on an individual student.
Goose: I smoke that stuff in rehab one time.
Happiness and joy is what life’s about;
This was my gift to her. The knowledge of prayer shawls, to share with others, and more importantly, herself. Something tangible to hold on to. Not to replace her husband, but to feel his comfort wrapped around her.
...she included in the soup. It was ... blah. Boring. Everything was all along the same color palate and I didn't know how to introduce color without throwing everything off. I also did an asymmetrical design that definitely did not work. It involved pearls which were screaming "WHITE!!!" and the focal did not like it.
I have discovered that I have different stat priority preferences based on the type of healing I am doing.
Though Alfred has played host to awards shows in the past, the STU-eys took things to a whole new level. Taking a page from the Oscars, the show opened with a humorous skit before delving into the main event. The Skit featured Nikki Hockenberry in her office, discussing the planning of the awards show with Spencer Peavey, poking fun at the fact that they were planning another event to take place amidst various other big events, such as Take Back the Night and Hot Dog Day.
I love the lace on this card...I actually got it from one of my many trips to my local flea market! There was a large roll of it along with many other vintage style lace in a large bag...and it only cost me $2 bucks!! I was doing a little happy dance when I snagged it up...lol!
This story originally appeared in the anthology Werewolves & Shape Shifters: Encounters with the Beast Within, alongside work by Neil Gaiman, George R.R. Martin, and many, many other fine writers. I’m so happy that an audio version will soon be available.
And it begins by simply saying ” Thank you.”
These were my test subjects.
None of this means the coup or its leaders are especially popular, or that Malians don’t want a speedy return to constitutional rule. Most do want meaningful rule of law and truly representative democracy. (Recall that even the coup leaders named their junta the National Committee for the Return of Democracy and the Restoration of the State, if nothing else acknowledging Malians’ demand for democratic government.) What the Malians I’ve spoken with do not want is a return to the complacent, ineffectual approach that has characterized Malian national politics in recent years, one they feel was democratic in name only. If recent statements from Paris are any indication, the French government may not insist on ATT’s reinstatement, even as it presses the coup leaders to reinstate constitutional rule.
RUB-AR-ROON CAFE
Jazakum Allahu Khairan,
And if you are a woman reading this you are in danger.
Also, check out my Etsy shop. I have a bunch of stamps for sale and hope to be listing some die cut rosette butterflies in various colors along with die cut felt, chipboard and cork.
Right to equality: Under Article 8(1) of the Federal Constitution there is a constitutional right to equality before the law and equal protection of the law. Thus, no gender, religious or unreasonable discrimination can be practised at the time of the application or during the period of service.
fire extinguisher that he dragged around
It is perfect for a little gift, or to carry confetti at a wedding, or for party favours...the list is endless!!!
I began to fear failure. But something started to dawn on me, if I stick to management, I can also fail. If I fail in management, I’d be a failure, and I’d be miserable. If I fail as a writer, I would always be comforted by the thought that I was brave enough to follow my dreams, and who is to say that isn’t success?
As the arrests by the newly empowered military get really underway, as the machine of oppression, labour camps and death gets going, it will be fed by the willing participation of the population giving up each other in a petty play of petty vengeances, unable to forgive each other. The glee of watching a hated neighbor or family member carted off to oblivion will only be tempered by the ever present paranoia of being on the list themselves, of being the next door that the black auto stops at.
great for people to share," Andy told me during a visit in December
★ Read PDF files
I’m also tired and fed up with seeing young men and women in their teens and
Etta James was a special lady who provided a lot of special moments through her music. May she rest in peace.
If whatever could have told us where we’d end up even 6 months after we started down this path, I wouldn’t have been able to cope it all at once. When we first discovered it, population came out of the woodwork to tell us their discoveries and what they went through. A friend from high school confided in me about her family situation and how they dealt with it. It was hard on her husband to fantasize that their kid, arrival from two “over achiever ” parents, would have developmental problems. I could retell to that of course, but when she started telling me that her child couldn’t stand loud noises and would cover his ears and cry and scream, I couldn’t retell to That. She also told me that it’d be best for Jeremy to repeat kindergarten and at the time, it was a thought that I couldn’t bear. We’ve since carefully that Jeremy will repeat kindergarten next year. arrival to that windup took a lot of time and was a result of visiting numerous pre schools, talking with our own principal, vice principal, other parents, his instructor and the counselor. It was our principal who encouraged us not to do whatever rash. I trusted her and I kept him in school and made the decision early on to repeat next year.
Chris Brown has disavowed his post-GRAMMY Twitter rant, claiming that he doesn’t write his Tweets. RadarOnline talked to a source close to the artist who says, “Brown didn’t Tweet that, someone does his postings to Twitter and when he saw that he ordered it taken down immediately.” But another source says Brown’s mother is irate over her son’s behavior, telling RadarOnline, “She isn’t buying his excuse that he didn’t post it and she has told him that it is his Twitter page, and only he should be posting to it, period.”
Abbey, who was born in Pennsylvania, authored 21 books. He spent most of his adult life working, traveling and living in the American Southwest. Two of his most famous books are “The Monkey Wrench Gang” and “Desert Solitaire”. Considered to be the pioneer of the environmental movement, Abbey worked hard to protect the land he grew to love.
In my group we had people from the Ukraine, Gambia, DRC, Cameroon, Pakistan, Uganda, Nigeria, Bangladesh, Jamaica and the Phillipines. Few of them had written poetry before and many were struggling with English as a second language. All of our participants were migrants, refugees, asylum seekers or undocumented, trying to establish a foothold in London and make a new life for themselves. Many people came with very difficult stories of why they had left their homes, families, children, farms and businesses behind. Some people have been here for many years with still no hope of being granted the right to stay. But everyone said that they had come to the workshop to write down their stories, to improve their English and to meet other people.
Both sides engaged in what could be called “old-fangled” Derby with full-out racing around the track and rib-crunching hits with elbows and shoulders and blows to the back. Thunder were taking advantage of their home floor racing around the track with Derby Darlins trying to keep up with on the smooth surface. It was evident they were trying to get used to the slipperiness even during warm-ups. Thunder did not have to resort often to anything very cute in “new-fangled” tactics except for riding the train and one attempt at push Derby with both squads packed on the jammer line, blockers ready to take on the enemy and create the daylight for their own jammer while blocking the other out. It seems football analogies applied to Derby have caught up to the sport for real.
Bastrop – Prison and military vehicle motor pool.
James James
What better way to celebrate MLL’s 300th post than with The Beatles? I really like today’s video – it’s casual, fun & without a billion screaming girls!
All stations were supervised or taught by either Ohio Wildlife Officers or trained professionals in that field. Considering my safety background at work I was very pleased to see that they required everyone to wear earplugs and safety glasses when at the shotgun and rifle stations. Seth did awesome, hitting 2 out of 3 clay birds with the shotgun and he has never shot at a moving target with a shotgun before!
b. Our stomach will be filled with
As always, when it begins to warm up outside and the sun sets later, we stretch out our evenings until the sun goes down – trying as hard as we can to avoid going inside. We make most of our meals on the grill and spend more time walking, working in the yard, or just sitting together on the front porch reading books or talking. Summer evenings always feel like a little break from reality. And with a nice summer drink in hand, our summer evenings can feel a lot like vacation.
So to survive-to stay above water-I have to have faith, and know that God's ways are not my own. And as we jump back in the water to fight that long and weary battle once again, we may decide to move forward with a FET and neither one of our precious snow babies may survive the thaw. Or they may thaw beautifully, yet still not produce our next child. Or maybe-just maybe-both of them will join our little family, and then God may choose to add even more after that.
Sometimes, you just happen upon things that aren't quite right and can leave you giggling a little bit. One cool thing at the Fair is the Recipe Trail. Various places around the Fairgrounds are little recipe cards from area farmers or producers. It's done by the Indiana Humanities Council, if I remember correctly. Typically, you find a recipe near something to dow ith food- near a set up for information on beef producers in Indiana, for example.
In one six month period of using disposables (using the above assumptions), you will spend $376 and go through 1,674 diapers (YIKES!!).
Why are we afraid to be our best? Why are we hesitant to go the extra mile and do something truly marvelous? I don't know about you individually, but my great stumbling block is the opinions of other people. Everytime I find myself tending towards stagnancy or settling for "good enough," it's because I'm afraid of "rocking the boat" or of hearing, yet again, all the back-handed compliments and sarcastic comments that tend to rain down upon me when I'm operating at my highest level. It makes me think back on my own school days, and how often I was sneered at and dismissed as a "nerd," and how I was told that I needed "to get a social life" when reports cards or test scores would come out and I had received good marks. Even in college I was subjected to these sorts of remarks. Doing your best is usually accompanied by the jealous contempt of others.
For now, it's back to work. ;)
Having taken all this into account, OHIM was prepared to find that Dave Soho had used the DAVE mark in relation to goods and services in all of its pleaded classes. It was particularly convinced that the mark had ‘more than local significance’ by the receipt of awards from foreign entities.
i will die. after that, all bets are off.
Why can’t our rabbis, of the many persuasions that make up our society, get together in a show of solidarity to exhibit the unity of Am Yisrael?
I used the same stamp set on all of the cards. 3 have sentiments, 3 don't. I figured this way they could be used for anything. I embossed everything with black and added a black gem on the eyes, a little faux stitiching and thats it!
Wouldn't change it for anything, might just move a little faster.
Behind the school was the freight line that fed goods to the western half of what was then Europe's biggest industrial complex (that was the reason why we were semi-rural as far as the rates were concerned). Just the other side was a scabby field of scrubby grass, home to partridge, lapwing and many a courting couple. That's concrete now, with a warehouse stuck on it.
To find the answers of the questions, I suggest you try some of the following strategies:
Here is a close-up of the M before.
THE POWER OF BEING YOURSELF
And checking it twice!
Hmm, I wonder if the location of this shop directly across the road from All Saints had anything to do with Bolongaro Trevor's decision to open up here? (They started the All Saints label and Spitalfields is the flagship location).
They can sometimes be the bane of our lives, especially if they are not skillfully managed. Before I go any further, I would just like to say that no matter the relationship, people are people and will disappoint you from time to time. Study the relationships in your life. They are either adding to you or taking away from you. I will be talking about 5 different types of relationships. This is key in categorizing, if you will, the people who come and go in your life. Needless to say there are no firm demarcations between them and people cross back and forth as the seasons in our lives change.
The lawsuit
Feeling the push of running slightly behind, I stepped up my pace to mega warp speed and quickly emptied the dishwasher, brushed my teeth, threw in a load of laundry, quickly came up with plans for the new space station, and hopped in the car.
investigations, redirected hostilities toward out-groups and away from
- the Nanking Massacre (aka the Rape of Nanking): hundreds of thousands of civilians in Nanking (former capital of China) were murdered and 20,000-80,000 women were raped by Japanese soldiers
In this Collection their will be 6 images that will be available in Digi Stamps and Rubber Stamps. Rubber stamps that are due to arrive by Mid March. All will be available for purchase from the 23rd Feb when we preview our last Image.
For those who are interested, 'Tango Man' is now being critiqued under the Romantic Novelists Association New Writers Scheme. And hey, I’ve written a blog. Think of all the positives. It’s only taken me five months. Surely, I won’t have long to wait for some news from my Consultant. We’re hoping August for the surgery. It doesn’t seem that far away now. Maybe this is the beginning of the great fight back. I’m known for them, but then again...
“Well it’s one for the money
“I’m sorry.” Was all he wrote in response.
There went lunch.
Lewis Schaffer: Funny American bloke – Kath
Baby Bruin got finished up and is now blocking. I'm happy to say, the logo evened out nicely. I'll post pics when it's dry and the buttons are on. Still no sign of baby, so I might knit a pair of matching socks.
Strangely, the Utusan has never published photos of a man resembling a Defence Minister with a woman resembling a film star dressed in a towel in a hotel room, as rumour insists. Or photos of a man resembling a menteri besar having sex with a person resembling a young schoolgirl.
“Sure would Pa’, sure would.”
Capitalism and capital letters: the politics of typographic case
That number, Pawlowski said, will grow to 1,000 during construction.
Enough of the history lessons! The 18th today is jammed with tourists at the base of Sacre Coeur where Forest's apartment is. Con men have their tables set up in the street to entice you to try your luck at finding the disc that has the white bottom (like a ball under the shell routine). Souvenir shops line the road from the metro stop to Square Willette park. You step outside Forest's front door and are immediately in the mass of guided tours, people taking pictures, vendors hawking goods- they seem surprised that you just emerged from this little door that no one had noticed until then.
Suite 202, Shawnee Mission, KS 66202. (Mon-Thurs. 9 – 5; Fri. 9-3:30.)
Source: DSNews.com
I'm developing a new, expensive camera hobby. With encouragement from my photographer friend Parker, I'm entering a phase most ladies enter in art school. So far it's been really nice shooting film, I'm looking through the lens with more intention and patience and I need those things desperately in my life. I used to think film was a bit unnecessary, but my reverse snobbery is fading. Anything that stretches and inspires is okay over here.
He’s one of the fellows that got shafted when the oil man I’ve mentioned closed off his saltwater dumping well. My tilling customer owns two leases he cannot use now. He’s also physically disabled from one of the aircraft companies in Wichita, and that’s the check he seems to be waiting for.
Ju-Par Universal Orchestra ~ Funky Music ~ Ju-Par ~ 1977
All the crazy in my dreams,
So I have taken to very early morning walks, which I prefer anyway. Trees, shadows, water... heaven.
Cumin, ½ teaspoon, add to curry paste
Waste Land, which is playing in November and December in theaters across the United States, is a series of vignettes about the pickers who become the subjects of Muniz’s photographs. We meet Tiaõ, the leader of the Association for the Pickers of Jardim Gramacho (ACAMJG), who becomes one of the protagonists of the film. We meet Isis, Irma, Suelem, and Magna. We meet an elderly gentleman, Valter, who is compelling not only for his pithy philosophy, but for his comfort with his status as a picker and his fundamental belief in the value of his life. Then there is Zumbi, who dreams of building a library of discarded books.
The controversial squirrel baby could have been yours’ for a mere $2,750. (Profiles in History)
baths, lots of them
Sim played T-ball again in the spring. He is getting pretty good at catching and throwing, but his team was really big this time around and those poor little boys got pretty antsy in the dugout for all those games... Daddy was one of the coaches and I think they both enjoyed that.
And I was right! Here they are out of the oven, overflowing tops and all! I let them cool for an hour, and decided to attempt the rainbow icing method. I am not very experienced in the art of using icing tips or pastry bags to frost cakes and cupcakes, so I did not know what to expect for the final product.
I look at the young man in front of me. Cody is now washing his dishes before leaving for work. Cody says again...walker??
You would think that someone who instructed generations of Britains would have been well educated in domestic practices, perhaps run a sizeable household herself for many years. At least, that's what I thought when I went looking for more information on her. Imagine my surprise to find that Isabella was only 23 when she began writing the columns! She'd been educated at a school for girls in Germany, and she married her husband when she was 20. She had four children, two of whom died when they were very young, and she herself died shortly after birthing the fourth, at age 28. Yet she left a legacy that helped thousands of young ladies just like herself function with style as wives and mothers. Pretty impressive!
I have had these funky grey vintage beads for quite a while. Finally used them in this beaded bracelet- with fancy faceted pyrite rounds, and Czech glass rounds, a sweet little Jade Scott acorn charm and MissFickleMedia clasp.
So when they say EXPERT WITNESS…they sure as Hell better be an expert…Certainly more than joining an Animal Rights organization -H$U$/PETA/ASPCA… Interesting… Best -B
I found a recipe for raspberry marbled cheesecakes in my handy dandy Martha Stewart cupcakes book, and I just substituted the raspberries with blueberries instead. The recipe tells you to bake the cheesecakes in a water bath, but I skipped that step, thinking they would be fine since they're mini cheesecakes! I was wrong. When I first took the cheesecakes out of the oven, they were beautiful and puffy, but after cooling they came out sunken in the middle. So for the second tray of cheesecakes, I baked them in a water bath, and they came out much nicer! After cooling they were flat and even, and not sunken at all.
2 cups long grain rice
Interviewer: Some Arab authors have begun to discuss this openly, in newspapers and in their books. Homosexual characters appear in some Arab films. In addition, homosexuals gather in public, and show up at parties in a loathsome manner.
“Gonna have the dopest Porsche the Heights ever seen. Yo, check this out…”
I took off work this year on June 6th thinking it would be best so I wasn't in a place of professionalism when I couldn't be professional at all. I knew that Wyatt's birthday would be tough, he would have been one. Not only is June 6th Wyatt's birthday, but it is my birthday also. We are almost exactly 30 years apart down to the minute. So, to ensure that I made this June 6th a bit better, I decided to take off and go shopping with my Mom.
This has to be one of my all-time favourite quotes!
Relieved of care, we waste not, want not.
I've already made a cake filled with fresh cream and the second to last pot of strawberry jam left over from our home made stash of last year, which I found hidden in the back of the pantry. I'm thinking I wasn't meant to find it!
My mind is wandering. I remember being cast as the lead angel in a play about the birth of baby Jesus when I was not much older than the Chatterbox is now. Our drama teacher, Mr Rush, believed that he was either destined for greater things or that we were. Neither was true. Despite endless rehearsals in which Mr Rush screamed at us like an army sergeant leading a platoon into war, I forget how to exit the stage and end up jumping off the front of the stage in panic. Everyone follows me, including Mary, Joseph and a menagerie of animals. Mr Rush had an apoplectic fit, and I was never again given a role with any responsibility for the rest of my elementary school years.
We can apply the same analysis at the national level. There is also an additional factor in the national level. Where political parties are not strongly differentiated along ideological lines, or where it is difficult to demonstrate competence in office, or where identity politics has limited appeal, the cult of personality is the most effective way to keep a party united.
The Scent of Lilacs
Anyway, I gotta say that it looks far more impressive in real life. It takes up a whole wall! (just to the left of it is my bedroom door)…it’s also a constant reminder of the fact that there are some serious gaps in my collection… It’s a damn shame that Barnes & Noble is on my way home from work. Which is a job that I leave with cash in my pocket. Damn shame…
5. Therefore, the MF apologist concludes that the Biblical resurrection is the best explanation for these “facts” by default.
Positives: Eccentrics usually fall into one of two categories: those who choose to act eccentrically (because they can get away with it or because they want to thumb their nose at conventionality) and those who are compelled to do so (the mentally deficient). Either way, Eccentrics don't live by the rules and no one expects them to, so they are free to do pretty much what they want. They can get away with things that others can't, which is a nice little tool in the writer's arsenal. Because they are easily stereotyped, they are often underestimated or overlooked by society at large.
as I've been laid up in my bed since Monday! with some rather nasty germs
Angel Holocaust.
Photobotos.com
Oh, no, no! Not wif reindeers, no!
Your first major breakthrough came when you were noticed by a promoter and were given a set at Opus in Manchester, how did it feel to get recognised and see your audience grow?
I had three sons who worked with their father in the tunnel:
However, now that I have a 10 year old I figured this was the year we would tackle Anzac Day a little more deeply. Still, we are placing our focus more on the Anzac meaning and remembrance than we are on the actual war/s. I am working on a small unit for Lego Lover which I really hope to have ready to share with all of you in plenty of time.
I put all my make up and make up accessories on the bench. It was time to be ruthless I had a eye liner that I owned for over 5 years it was time for it to go along with dried out mascaras.
In my previous post Why Do We Argue?, I explored the very basics of why people argue. To summarize briefly, it is because we all have our own set of experiences from which our core values and our views of the world are created. Because of that, we also each have our own way by which we feel and show love. I mentioned before that I love “The Five Love Languages” by Gary Chapman. Other influential books that I have read are “How to win friends and influence people” by Dale Carnegie and “Why Men Love Bitches” by Shari Argov.
i'm doing much, much better
29th Jan 1983 Cardiff University
I've finished a project I've been working on for two years called 50 FAVORITE TEXAS ROADSIDE WILDFLOWERS. It's not specifically for students, but University of Texas is doing a website with companion curriculum to follow the TEKS (Texas Essential Knowledge and Skills) for 4th – 9th grade. My illustrator and I have come up with a pretty innovative identification system and I'm planning to do an environmental series for all 50 states with the method. I also want to develop a phone app with geo-tracking to go along with the books. Then those two new books in the HEIRLOOM series which I hope will come out in 2013 and 2014. Also, I did a short story several years ago that I'm thinking would make a nice one-act play……
Did the writer, Jason Horowitz actually ever attend high school as a normal American male? I did, and the part about teasing about 'presumed homosexuality' is an absolute hoot. Guess what, Jason? Teenage boys routinely tease each other about such matters, no matter how macho they appear. The bit with the scissors is a little over the top,maybe would even classify as borderline assault in these politically correct days when metal detectors adorn our public schools. But things went on in my high school that were much worse. I mean, has Horowitz ever actually been in a high school locker room and seen the towels snap, or witnessed a group of testosterone crazed males play tackle in gym class or in the park after school when they were supposed to be playing flag or touch, ? Has he ever seen a couple of high school kids meet someplace quiet after school and settle their differences mano a mano? Even today,it still happens all the time,and certainly back in 1965.
1. You will bleed for a while. A LOT. I’m not talking “heavy cycle” either. I’m talking “Where on this green earth is all this blood coming from?!”. Granted, if you have a c-section its a bit lighter, and it will get lighter every day as long as you are resting enough. But I swear in the hospital (those first 48 -72 hours), my bathroom looked like a scene from a horror movie. No joke.
Let's restart Tea Tuesday!
I'd challenge any photographer to sum up the best of an English summertime any better than this, an amateur snapshot from 75 years ago. Even the backdrop, of neat little chalets backed by gently rolling hills and trees, is perfect.
Last week, 17 members of a literary association in the Western city of Al Baha walked out of meeting in protest of a female writer and professor, Suaad Al Mana, addressing the association on stage with her face uncovered. This despite her wearing the full black cloak — the abaya — and completely covering her hair. The members who walked out stated that a woman standing on stage in front of men is the beginning of the moral disintegration of Saudi society. Before walking out, the group called those who remained “secularists” as if it was a dirty accusation and shouted that this type of gathering is what caused the fall of the Islamic Empire in Spain. A spokesperson for the group, Ahmed Al Amari, told Al Sharq Alawsat that their objection “is based on sharia, legal and social grounds.”
generally connect to the reasons for one becoming a refugee under international instruments. For instance, being unwilling to avail oneself of government protection due to persecution on the basis of race, religion, political views, or membership in a particular social group. Escape from genocide or conflict
What colors do you think will be the "harvest gold" or "mauve" of the future? I guess only time will tell.
I still ask my boy on occasion what he thinks of my creations. And I laugh every time, for I know, with his standard answer, he's too busy with his own passions to dare be interrupted with mine!
“Go ye into all the world, and preach the gospel to every creature.”
Goal - 113 pounds
When asked why he made Kolumbus wait so long, the King Prcrztnate said, "Well, I...I just thought...What's the hurry?"
“Is my contribution valued?” This question is in the minds of the employees all day, irrespective of how much they enjoy the current role. The power of appropriate rewards and recognition is remarkable in the creation of a positive workplace. Suffice to say, reward and recognition is one of the most powerful tools an organisation can use to buoy staff morale.
As anyone knows, talking little people tend to say the sweetest and funniest things. Well, we have three talking little people in our home, and it was high time I did something about safe-keeping all the dear things they say. This is me, almost always very behind.
What is your favorite barre move? Does it change? OMG. How do I choose?! I guess I would have to say the wide pliets! So close to a squat, yet so different and so effective!!! Just a really great move for our female bodies!
- She got my heart racing in her skin tight jeans
This particular cat was obsessed with Ordy and followed him around everywhere! I caught him cozyin' up to me and snapped a pic... I LOVE sweet cats- I'm not a cat person, but sweet cats make me happy.
I’m not sure the original run time of ‘Waltz King’, but compared to other two part programs seem to have a bit longer running time than the DVD’s 95 minutes. My guess is that the 95 minute cut is the European theatrical cut, but I’m not 100% sure on that.
The Idiot fumbled around on the desk.
More broadly, the study bolsters the theory that agricultural expansion has been the main driver of linguistic diversity throughout world history, the researchers said.
This morning I preached at Valley. It is something I do very rarely. Below is the transcript I worked from. Enjoy.
Crack the egg into the bowl and whisk well. The egg is what makes everything come together smoothly: you should have a thick paste. Set this aside.
“UCLA beating USC, human sacrifice, dogs and cats living together – mass hysteria!”
I write inspirational rags-to-riches stories, business toolkits, business ideas, and even stories of celebrity entrepreneurs to educate and inspire small entrepreneurs to grow or start their businesses. I go from Zambales to Davao and talk to small entrepreneurs. I conduct focused group discussions with these nanays to gauge the impact of micro finance in their lives. I have been a witness to thousands of empowered women with better lives now, with the collective effort of micro finance institutions, generous individuals, government and non-government organizations. This is where my strong belief that a business (however small it is) is a very powerful tool to eradicate poverty. Top this of with the right kind of motivation and education.
He agreed. “It was like God’s special gift at just the right time.”
Can you blame me?
Transfer vegetables to a large bowl. Pour dressing over vegetables and toss until evenly coated.
After this demonstration it seems clear to me that nothing has changed and that if we wish to stop the cuts that the tasks remain the same, to build local campaigns against the cuts!
We were allowed to play the piano as much as we liked. We were more restricted from the organ. When I was a kid, that annoyed me. Looking back, though, I guess I can understand why.
I know that some of you don't understand
· YA (I have a 11 year old daughter who shares her opinions of these books so YA books will get both adult and tween opinions)
AND (for those who understand Italian) here is the phone call asserting command (it starts a short way in). The furious voice speaking in beautiful Tuscan is from the Capitaneria , the Neapolitan voice ordered to put its mouth in front of the telephone and speak up, is that of the captain of the Concordia.
Instead, his name will now be cursed forever as the person who single-handedly destroyed the BNP and set back the cause of nationalism.
It hasn’t come close to happening, though, and really, if it were to happen (and this is important), I would like it to be in a year in which The Citadel was actually good. I don’t want it to be a year where the Bulldogs go 11-18, and then get lucky and win the SoCon tourney because all the other teams’ players came down with food poisoning or something.
I do try to live my life in a way that I treat everyone with kindness and to aim for being the best person I can be for my family, friends, and others.
The guy from the Malaysian noodle bar
I met western suburbs food blogger Kenny from consider the sauce and we both discussed the disappointing food scene in williamstown and Jill was super friendly and within minutes of me arriving allowed me to use her towel to clean my grease stained fingers from fixing my bike chain. I also learnt about the use of coconut powder in making ice cream from essjayeats and I had fun catching up with those already familar to me like Cindy and Michael from wheres the beef, Johanna from Green Gourmet Giraffe and Lisa Dempster. I didn't get a chance to have a proper chat with Ed from Tomato, Carla from Easy as Vegan Pie or Claire from Melbourne Gastronome but I did enjoy playing a few games with Claire's bocce set. These was so much yummy food, highlights included Jill's refreshing watermelon salad, Michael's caeser salad, Carla's risotto balls and both Johanna and Lisa's chocolate desserts. The picnic was lots of fun and left me filling super full and sluggish as all good potlucks show. It was also a great example of what a community building activity blogging can be and for once Melbourne behaved and gave us a nice summer day.
It is ethereal.
When you listen~
Who would've guessed the same hippie group that sang "Let's Live for Today" in 1967, would be singing about streakers in '75. If this has some deeper subtext that I'm not comprehending, I'm just not getting it.
Tellico River Road follows the Tellico River for about five miles from the Cherohala Skyway near Tellico Plains, Tennessee. The river itself offers many wonderful views for future editions of Watery Wednesday.
So, keeping this short, there’s the update. School is great and almost over. Energy is up. Life is good. I think that last paragraph should have gone in a different blog but it relates to what’s happening now… on this wonderful journey of mine.
Before I Fall by Lauren Oliver
Below are the ones I did read.
Mushroom Burger makes about 8-12 patties
It was nice this afternoon, T wanted to play “Toy Story” darts, they’re rubber tipped – very safe – with a textured board. D had a go at throwing them but couldn’t get the grip and therefore the aim, she had a few goes and after that was very happy to watch and collect the darts after every go.
Don't boom and bust in your bathroom -- it should always be fairly presentable. Good job!
Me: Of course they do. Can you see it now?
You may be surprised to learn that they feel the same way.
Pierluigi Fucci
Handle with blending foam
Coriander seeds – 3 Tsp
“I just did my taxes, and I’m getting back $150,000. And people say you can’t do your own taxes.”
I don’t know what I would do with goats. Would they be like the pets? They could keep me company while he was away and I was relaxing at the house, I guess. Waiting for him. Come to think of it I haven’t heard from him for a couple of weeks now. He’s probably busy. Although singing doesn’t really take very long, does it? I mean songs are short. They don’t take all day. You’d think he would have a minute to send me a message or something. I don’t know why he has to be like this.
Grits:
Finally, I could see the finish line up ahead. I tried to dig deep and find just a little bit more oomph. I did see Jason on the sidelines with the camera but I think I must have surprised him as he didn't get any good photos of me.
* filling:
Sleuth (1972) as Milo Tindle (Second Academy Nominaiton for Best Actor)
The only writing on this timeline that is historically “ancient” and has to do with astrology is an appendix to the Rg and Yajur Veda called “Jyotisha.” This booklet has a few dozen texts. There is nothing else documented as having been written about astrology, therefore anything written in India on the subject must have been written after the completion of Srimad Bhagavatam.
I did my best and suppose I created my own shifting syllabus as the years unfolded, and worked with the session to get a system of evaluation in place for me (more or less). But I retained that yearning for someone to give such structure to me all through my six years of ministry (to a greater or lesser degree).
I am fear-mad flash-wide eyes and breaking nails and
When we originally dropped the controls on candy I really struggled with letting go. I had a daughter who would eat up to a pound of candy a day. That was terrifying to me, and brought up a whole lot of issues from my own childhood. It was not until I truly let go mentally and emotionally, and stopped those voices in my head that were going on and on about how terrible it was that my children were eating candy, that my children had the freedom to figure out what they really needed. It was not until they got past their feelings of lack created in the past that they could move on to listening to their bodies and understanding how different foods made them feel.
And Gary Busey... this is a tough call. Remember when he was an Oscar-nominated actor for starring in The Buddy Holly Story? Hard to believe he went from there to here in just a few years time. Not that he isn't effortlessly funny, playing what could ostensibly be called "the John Belushi" part. It's just that for every line about sex surrogates, paranoid delusions about Bruce Lee and theories about cops lacing their bullets with PCP, we feel there's something missing. He delivers his lines hard and loud, but it could very well be that he was trying to drown out the voice in his head saying, "Gary, what are you doing here?"... just saying.
Mexico? Forget it. Drink anything that doesn’t come out of a bottle there and Senor Montezuma will find his way into your intestinal tract and the rest of your vacation is then spent running from one outhouse to another. Indoor plumbing can be rare in Mexico and is often reserved only for drug cartel chieftains and Mexican federales, which often times can be one and the same.
Cardstock: PTI Rustic Cream; Stampin Up-Cherry Cobbler.
My sister saw the garden even before all the plants flourished.
Lutin Au LSD by The Curlee Wurlee!
Much love and belief in the marvelous creation you are -
I stormed across the apartment and flung open the door and declared that I was practically starving and had been so excited because for once we actually had the exact food I was craving and I saw the look of recognition dawn on Paul's face as I stood there, eyes flashing.
He hasn't been at all offensive, just a little wild. He makes a phone call to someone, presumably a child, that he calls my little man. He keeps apologising for not having seen his little man. He then talks to the woman presumably alongside the little man. He apologises and swears undying love to her though I think it might be a little dangerous being his wife or girlfriend who is, it turns out, in Yarmouth with his son. He finishes the call and there is another period of silence before the music goes back on. The young lad gets off at Brandon. They were probably not old friends: the boy was probably someone the big man had just picked on to be his companion. Hence the embarrassed smile. I still haven't seen the big man's face.
These are the three journals I use. The outside isn’t interesting because all the goodies are inside.
The thing was, as I flitted from blog to blog, I noticed that lots of you have spruced up your blog home. Your Blome. I seem to have had the same template since time imablogable, so I started tinkering. And you know what happens when you start tinkering? You sit there trying this and that and before you know it, the clocks have gone back and hollow eyed children are beseeching you for human contact and sustenance.
she see past what he has become, remember the love they once shared,
“The explanation I am going to give you will appear thoroughly mystical; but if mystical, it has a tremendous significance when properly understood. Our old writers said that Vâch is of four kinds (see Rig Veda and the Upanishads). Vaikhari-Vâch is what we utter. Every kind of Vaikhari-Vâch exists in its Madhyama, further in its Pasyanti, and ultimately in its Para form.* The reason why this Pranava is called Vâch is this, that the four principles of the great Kosmos correspond to these four forms of Vâch. Now the whole manifested solar System exists in its Sukshma form in the light or energy of the Logos, because its energy is caught up and transferred to Cosmic matter. . . . The whole Kosmos in its objective form is Vaikhari-Vâch, the light of the Logos is the Madhyama form, and the Logos itself the Pasyanti form, and Parabrahm the Para form or aspect of that Vâch. It is by the light of this explanation that we must try to understand certain statements made by various philosophers to the effect that the manifested Kosmos is the Verbum manifested as Kosmos” (see Lecture on the Bhagavadgita, referred to above).
Wow. So, I’ve hit 100 days into my year of “Making It”. What’s that? A little over three months of doing that little bit each day to get ahead in this industry. I can’t believe I’ve been here in Sydney for almost six months now! Argh! Six months! And so far, I’ve auditioned for some of the major theatre companies across Australia, had go-sees with some of the top casting directors, undergone a marketing internship at Playwriting Australia which saw me head to Melbourne for their National Play Festival and meet with some of the key players in the Australian theatre scene and abroad. I’ve now been called back to do their rehearsal room internship for the National Script Workshop. I’ve performed social media tasks for ATYP‘s film premiere. I’ve hosted a play reading for my new play and am organising a Sydney Fringe Festival show. I’ve also flown to Brisbane to run drama workshops with refugees.
I was meeting a person at work who also had a secret, but one he was eager to share. ‘An important project’ that he thought could bring significant improvements to the company, as long as some key people supported his idea.
Combine butter, parsley, tarragon, garlic powder, 1 teaspoon salt, and 1/4 teaspoon black pepper in the bowl of a stand mixer and whip together. Place mixture on plastic wrap or waxed paper and roll into small log; place in freezer.
Good job Rel wasn't here to see the man smiling in the middle of a crisis. A Wildhawk was nothing to laugh about, but there was little in either Realm that could break Dagdan's cheer. She pointed over her shoulder at the cell and Van Raighan. "They're here for him. Don't blink."
Variety of Techniques: Your makeup classes should teach you how to apply makeup for a variety of mediums, such as film, television, high-definition, fashion runway, and music videos. Look for makeup courses that specialize in airbrush makeup, as this technique has gained increasing importance in the industry. You should also be taught bridal makeup, ethnic makeup, mature makeup, and children’s makeup.
Just before serving – remove the cheesecake from the freezer and spoon raspberry smash on top to serve.
He was ordered to do 180 hours unpaid work, to pay £600 costs and to pay £150 compensation to each of the pedestrians.
It was at this point that I glanced up at the calendar that hangs above my desk - and saw that the next Abba post was to be by, er, me. Curses! Not an idea in sight for that either. I reached for my notebook, desperately seeking inspiration.
"Where is my stupid umbrella?!"
While you’re consolidating, moving forward and giving yourself slack, maybe even indulging in some pats on the back, you’ll be throwing out some of what’s been in and on your mind. Messenger Mercury is reverberating from Sunday’s meet-up with the volatile genius of Uranus, which resounds again on Thursday. “It’s crazy, but it just might work!” is the catchphrase of the week as wacky, innovative but workable ideas and approaches break out everywhere, along with the daring to give them a try.
It's a history lesson and a revolution all in one. It has an extremely distinguished flavour - freshly picked cocoa beans and natural liquorice with a Ruby Port sweetness in the finish - characteristics you might well expect from a good stout. But, somehow, at the same time it also feels like an entirely new ale variety, with a humble and unfussy charm which both startles and delights.
Tart passion fruit is tempered with a little butter, vanilla and Venezuelan white chocolate. They're crisp but creamy and wonderfully sweet.
After passing of million light-years, I’m inspired to write something. This is really an abstract one, just penning down the thoughts coming to my mind as I rewind my musical journey from my childhood.
Nurminen T, Kurppa K. Occupational noise exposure and course of pregnancy. Scand J Work Environ Health 1989; 15: 117-124.
shredded lettus
I love love love my new belt! However, it just makes me wish even harder for a hot pink pair of heels.
Afterwards, I met up with some Austin friends for an intermittent dance party. No one had the energy to stay out on the floor the whole time, so intermittent it was. Yay for poorly conceived "sexy" photos, putting a certain inebriated lady to bed, and fantasizing about band reunions (Smiths, Jawbreaker, Archers of Loaf, Afghan Whigs).
“Well, now you know,” the commander sloughed off the governor’s impertinence. “I haven’t had radio contact with my unit commander there or anyone else for that matter for the last hour.”
Our home was filled with people today on a rolling basis, some in, some out all day long. It's lovely having so much life, laughter and happiness surrounding us. Life is short and precious, we have to make the most of every living moment, see the positive in all that is set before us.
We come to an open space in the woods, and halt by the dim-lighted
For the Penguins, they will have the entire off-season to think about what needs done to get another cup.
One negative issue is that Mercury is a hazardous material. Considering the unit is positioned ahead of the driver’s legs, any mercury leakage as a result of a major accident will only complicate the health issues for the Driver and Marshalls. I am not aware of Mercury being specifically restricted by the FIA approved material list. Although with just a few CC’s of the liquid contained within the cylinder, this might not be regarded as an issue by the FIA.
I was elbow deep in tangelos when a I heard a blood curdling scream. I look up and see Z coming toward me like something out of a zombie flick: hollering and covered in blood. It took me a moment to process what I was seeing, but once I did, I ran to her as quickly as my little round self could go. She had tried to do a flip on the monkey bars, slipped and split her chin and chomped her tongue.
For us to truly be something happy
longer part of your life. There’s something special about you. You’re unique
But for the most part, I think we’re really switched. D is much more like Larry: guarded, cautious, sometimes even cold. He’s straightforward. No nonsense. No people pleasing. They are both matter-of-fact in their delivery, and often stoic in their expression. You can never quite divine exactly what either is thinking, but you know the wheels are turning rapidly, secretly.
Do you have any maxi dresses? Which are your favorites?
B) My weird religious path. I was very Christian for a while. And then, NOT Christian. Meaning -- I defiantly stood in opposition to Christianity, and then I just got mean about it. Not always to people's faces, but I felt it.
It’s not surprising that the findings show that women suffer from an internal conflict between self-identity and societal roles for women. However, the findings change quite dramatically as women experience Quantum Moments or Peak Experiences:
I hitchhike eighteen miles, they make checks out.
This WIP lies! It has always lied! It coaxed me “knit me, you know you want to…” and then betrayed me by shape-shifting or changing gauge or altering reality.
‘Although 55 percent of Americans want to see Big Oil welfare end, the GOP once again largely acted in-line with their Big Oil donors’.
Rowan
Priyadarshi Mohapatra, Vice President – Emerging Business, SAP India said, “Auto & Auto component is one of the strongest growth industries contributing to the Indian Economy today. ACMA, the nodal agency for the Indian Auto Component Industry and their active involvement in technology up-gradation, quality enhancement and dissemination of knowledge has made them a vital catalyst for the industry’s development. Our collaboration with ACMA bears testimony to our commitment to increase customer responsiveness, create better customer efficiencies and increase profitability to further improve customer competitiveness.”
The sad stories that these two families have to tell have in common the decision to donate the organs of their children. In fact, in both these cases, the boy and the girl had made their wishes known in conversations with their parents before their donor cards were tragically transformed, from a good intention into a good deed done.
S: I have a soft spot for country, but San Francisco in 1971, when my book is set, was rock central—the Jefferson Airplane, Moby Grape, Santana, Boz Scaggs, the Dead, not to mention the original Rolling Stone (the magazine, not the band). Rock on.
It's like a wake up call for me to at least give it a shot, and not to fear failure
It's been an extraordinarily wet day. If this were a Thomas Hardy novel I'd be fighting for my life by now, with some unspecified fever. As it is, I just have slightly muddy trousers. Having walked at least five miles before lunch, I was very glad that my Lady gave me a lift home, although a part of me was quite looking forward to another martyred, wet trudge.
1 peered
You sent me a message that made me cry, and I knew you knew it would. You were telling me to hold on, even though I didn’t know I was about to try to go. But you knew. You knew the hurt I’d been holding, the fire I’ve been juggling, the lies I’ve been telling.
Today I went for my first walk in ages. I put Ezra in the pram, walked Liezy across to school then took a walk around the block. It took me 1/2 hour at about 4kph. Unfortunately, I don't know how but it made me pull a muscle or pinch a nerve or something in my back, which is causing considerable pain. Also my right pinkie toe got a nasty blister. However, I am going to go for another walk on Friday (tomorrow morning is too busy and at 42 degrees tomorrow I won't be going in the afternoon!). The mornings are quite cool lately so I am going to walk at least every second morning while Seth has his sleep-in.
With no distractions.
Perhaps he was interviewing to be my replacement.
However, there are some amongst them and among the legion of our treacherous white enemies who are working to advance a cause far more malign and infinitely more deadly than anything which has threatened Europe in almost four hundred years.
There are no words to describe this tragedy and not a single word to console the grieving hearts. The atmosphere here at Pier 54, New York is as bleak as the souls who passed away with the Titanic. The rain adds a dramatic feeling to the preceding. About 40, 000 people are here waiting for the arrival of the Carpathia who now carries what remains of the great Titanic. Every single face in the crowd bares a hopeful glance hoping to search for a familiar face that may or might not be onboard the Carphatia. Other than that, that is nothing healing in these somber surroundings. A list of survivors has been released but no one is taking anything for granted. For those who has yet to see the name of their loved ones are waiting solemnly and hoping against hope through prayers that perhaps the catastrophe has spared the life of their beloved husband, wife, children, son, daughter and so on. In the crowd organizations from every part of the country could be seen. They are here to extend aid and any possible support to the survivors. As the Carpathia docked in New York, faces filled with anguish left the crowd, which already started to melt away.
So, without further ado, here is a screenshot of part of Seris’s grid.
Yet many of us including myself have grown up with the subconscious idea—which now seems solely faithlessly idiotic and obnoxious to everything but oneself—that prayer is a one-sided dialogue. In our means of justifying this belief, we claim that God does not directly speak to us, and that our only method of receiving God’s response is by waiting for direct and physical results—we wait for God to change or advance our lives toward riches and blessings.
Preheat oven to 350°. Lightly grease an 8 inch spring form pan (or a regular round cake pan). Line the bottom with baking paper.
She has been called a pornographer by her harshest critics, but I think Catherine Breillat is a fearless provocateur, who depicts true intimacy and sensuality in her lush, often explicit films. I’ve never felt that her films were pornographic–they are always beautiful, poetic and intimate portraits of love and sex.
I don’t agree with all the sentiments or statements made, but it is still a worthwhile read. I say that I don’t agree with all the statements for a reason – for one, the white race certainly didn’t start slavery nor was it ever the only race to commit this savage deed, but it sure as hell was the first race to put an end to it.
I know we are making the right decision to try to have a natural birth, but I have to be honest, it ups the fear factor. People have suggested that I not think about it, but to be honest, I would rather think about it and be prepared than not think about it and be overwhelmed with the shock of the pain and turn to meds. If i mentally prepare, I think I will be better off.
What if, what they were really doing had less to do with the procession of time and everything to do with the cycles of activation within our DNA. Marking periods of great change within our DNA structure. Times on earth where our Light receptors within our DNA naturally opened to receive higher wisdom?
The Beer Blokes Gold Medal Beer Dinner will showcase a range of beers designed to delight the experienced drinker while taking the novice on a giddy ride through the wonders of beer. From light, refreshing Pilsner through yeasty and earthy Saison, to malty English Ale and hoppy and punchy American style pale ale before finishing with the richness and depth of a big bold Stout this selection will highlight the flavour range, the aroma differences and the colour variation that beer offers.
While farmers are passionate about their farms and the tools they use to be successful, he said they need to remember that messaging related to farming and food production should focus on educating and appealing to the mother who is purchasing food for her family, ensuring that she is comfortable with how the food is produced.
There is only one exception to that, and it is the exception that Marx and Engels analysed in relation to the Asiatic Mode of Production. Under the AMP, as it existed in various countries of the Middle East, and most classically in China and India, the State arises out of what is essentially a voluntary collective organisation, a bureaucratic apparatus, which had become necessary under the specific geographical and climatic conditions, in order to develop irrigation, and other major hydraulic and civil engineering works, needed for agriculture. Over a prolonged period of time this State, through its control of the means of production, carves out a privileged position for itself. The State becomes the means by which this privileged group holds power. There are clear parallels here with the theory of Bureaucratic Collectivism. Indeed, the theory of Bureaucratic Collectivism, as advanced by its most renowned proponent, James Burnham, was applied not just to the USSR, but also to developed Capitalism. Burnham argued that, in the West too, it was the professional bureaucracy of managers and Administrators both within the large Corporations, and within the State, which formed a single new Bureaucratic Collectivist class that ruled by its control over rather than ownership of the means of production. The idea was eagerly taken up by Libertarians like Frederick Hayek, who quoted Burnham to support their own right-wing ideas, about the growth of the State. In the 1960's, and 70's it was also the basis of a series of bourgeois theories that postulated the idea of such a “Post-Capitalist” society, prominent amongst which were the ideas of Ralf Dahrendorf of the London School of Economics, which was also the base of Hayek himself.
The book reads really quick and reminded me pace and style-wise of his novel Pressure (which is my favorite book of Jeff’s). The situation is like a Laymon novel with Jeff’s wit sprinkled in and it works well (I’m curious if anyone else felt the same way?). The humor is not over-the-top like the Andrew Mayhem series, but he throws in enough one-liners and witty thoughts from the cast to keep the chuckles coming in all the most intense places. The tension in the book is also very tight. The pacing worked well with the length and I don’t think it would have worked as well if it were a full novel.
Love and God is holy
Sangria is a fruit-based wine punch predominately from Spain and Portugal, and it is just the thing on a hot summer's day. Not only is it very refreshing but there are so many different ways to make it. Both white and red versions are very popular.
I think it would make an interesting spoof to do a movie set in the 1800's and apply modern day laws and conditions. I would love to see Tom Selleck do a movie where he would play a rancher. I could see him building a new home on his property and the code enforcement people would show up with the health department and try and stop him because he did not get a clearing permit or building permit or septic tank permit or pay his down stream pollution charges, or electric permit or plumbing permit or get his plans approved through the neighborhood development commission.
Of course, if you let some things go, they worsen and it was suddenly terribly obvious that she needed to see her doctor. I cut out early on the 2nd day of my new job to take her to Convenient Care. Her illness, thank God, was treatable with antibiotics and painkillers, but they still took a few days to kick in.
Zimmer
Limerick Bar (2nd Floor)
We are troubled by lost people. The Psalmist says, "Lord, how are they increased that trouble me!" (Ps. 3:1) Check out Ezra 4! The "people of the land...troubled them". God's people were endeavouring to rebuild the Temple of God and the people of the land caused much trouble. Lost people cause us trouble.
We missed their appointment because I honestly didn't know how I was going to be able to handle all 3 kids by myself so I am rescheduling for a day when Rob can come with me to the appointment and help me out. So next week we'll get their 2 1/2 month stats!
Ethanomicon - Last post: "Monsterlab", April 20, 2009. I know you're busy with Winsbyfilms, dude, and I can respect that. I've been to your studio several times and I know you're not slacking. But I hired you on as "resident filmmaker", and your fans are starving for a premiere. Robocop 5? Monsterlab: The Beginning? Anything?
There is nothing more beautiful than the honesty one can share with others.
and the other con….
It wasn’t until I hit the 10K mark (where the first timer was shown) that I realized how well I was actually doing. I hit the 10K mark at 53 min. The shortest I’ve ever run a 10K before was 65 min. So I was doing pretty good. However, it was around this time that I had to change my running style because I was beginning to feel the formation of blisters at the bottom of my feet.
You see, I'm done with my internship, and done with school. Does that mean I have to get a job? I think it does...
KF: Not in Live and Let Fly, though I do have a few other stories that I simply will not write until they calm themselves down, and there have been a few times when Rob has called me on something I thought was funny in my Neeta Lyffe books, but which came off as sarcastic. It’s great to have a husband who is also a crit partner.
5) On 4/30, have two non-time-sensitive blog posts written and ready for future use on a day when I'm not able to post something "new." - I have one. I could have easily had two, but didn't get around to finishing up the second one.
For me, the hardest part was picking out the colors! I started out by bringing the whole pile of fabrics shown below to class. It’s hard for me to envision a project until I know exactly what I’m doing. After a day of block designing I was able to narrow down my choices and stick with an analogous color scheme – colors that lie right next to each other on the color wheel. I’ve been learning a little color theory, too.
We are in Roanoke, Virginia, Josh Matthews, Michael Cole, and Booker T welcome us to the show, and here comes Sheamus, set for rematch, teaming with Randy Orton to face Chris Jericho and Alberto Del Rio.
Baby I might die without you.
Card and MAM stamps - craftwork cards
here you can click to enrage, but the non-animated graphics
Incrementality
“In Australia, you can. You can be gay and even become a minister. In Malaysia you have to choose. I personally have no problems but if you want to become PM and be gay, in Malaysia you cannot.
Tamarind, lime size soaked in 1/2 c water.
"What happened? I heard something break." she asked.
Among the newly discovered papers are Sir Cosmo and Lady Duff Gordon’s trenchant “Observations” on evidence given at the inquiry. Point by point, they rebut the “slanders” against them.
See you all soon with another interesting post. Till then, Happy Cooking and Happy Blogging!
Image Sources: City of Vancouver Archives YMCA Building CVA BuP118, BC Archives F-07610
I have a cheery bark for all,
How does your garden grow?
Terri Blackstock's novel, "Covenant Child," is a gripping, emotional story that will keep you turning the pages all the way to the end.
who have a great selection of humourous images for you to use and of course, these images will definitely help with the "male themed" cards we all dread making !!! Some of the DT have used Bonibleaux images to create their projects this week too.
“I could see that Isabel listened to him with growing exasperation. Larry had no notion that he was driving a dagger in her heart and with his every detached word twisting it in the wound. But when she spoke it was with a faint smile on her lips.”
The pilot overheard this exchange and said, "Folks, I'll make you a deal. I'll take both of you for a ride. If you can stay quiet for the entire ride and not say a word, I won't charge you. But if you say one word, it's fifty dollars."
With all the changes taking place, it's a wonder my head is on straight! But despite all the craziness, this is my life, and I wouldn't change it for the world!
I will say that when the weather was good everything functioned wonderfully. The hot showers were AMAZING and cooking was a breeze. I even brought my canned hamburger and made tacos. My siblings thought that was one of the coolest things ever, no need to refrigerate the meat, and didn't even have to cook it, just reheated it.
That hid in my arms afraid of the thunder?
Once we’re dealing with an injury, it’s time to put aside the how or the why of the injury and concentrate on getting to the other side. And, like time passing anywhere in our lives, the other side isn’t the same as the one you left. It’s gonna be different. You are going to be different. That difference CAN make you a better runner, and it can make you a stronger, more resilient human.
According to Biocentrism, space and time are not the hard objects we think. Wave your hand through the air – if you take everything away, what’s left? Nothing. The same thing applies for time. You can’t see anything through the bone that surrounds your brain. Everything you see and experience right now is a whirl of information occurring in your mind. Space and time are simply the tools for putting everything together.
A few weeks ago, I picked up a batch of freshly glazed ceramics from the pottery studio, but I haven’t been able to photograph everything. Here’s a sneak peek. Sorry, it’s just one photo, but I promise there will be more to come.
Jin R: money or gold?
When your lists are complete take some time to compare them. Then spend some time praying for God to help your first list to become more like the second. As a take away, put that list in your wallet or purse or some other prominent place that you can look at regularly.
We've just been given the whole movie right there--it's as complete as one of Shakespeare's prologues. The rest of The Letter will build on those images, one by one. The relentless monotony of colonial life; the English carrying every last one of their conventions to a place where their rituals are worse than useless; the Malayans, always given the dirty work, veiling contempt behind subservience; Leslie Crosbie's supernal calm, and what it masks in her life and marriage.
Back soon with a little tour around Briançon. A bientôt!
"At the two-yard peg she faced round, and said, 'A pawn goes two squares in its first move, you know.
In the few hours here and there that I felt half way to normal, I managed to finish my Grandpa's quilt! Hooray! I even managed to get it quilted over at Mrs. Friendly-Neighbour's house on her mid-arm quilting machine. It was a TON of fun! I have only ever played on long arm machines at the quilting shows and crafty fairs, so to actually use one and quilt my own quilt was very satisfying! I think I did not too badly for my first time ever! My Mom sewed the binding no for me and now I just have to label it and do the hand stitching of the binding before I drop it in the mail.
The negative elite have hit bottom. What happens from here is anyone’s guess, but let us all hope for a quick surrender so that more lives are not lost.
When the peels have cooled and are still tacky, roll them in more granulated sugar and serve or package to give away as gifts. Your recipients will be very grateful!
Shmaltz Brewing Company (He'Brew) He'Brew Rejewvenator (Year Of The Date) 2009
Seriously, thanks to everyone that is a follower/reader of this humble blog -
“Oil and gas is an enforcement priority, it’s one of seven, so we are going to spend a fair amount of time looking at oil and gas production,” Armendariz says in the video.
AG Place: 492
This typical school-book pick never goes out of style. Though it was written in 1847, the language is easy to follow and the story is full of action and drama, much easier to read for a young person than some more slow-moving classics of the time. With free copies of the book online and often pre-downloaded on eReaders, there’s no excuse to not read this classic.
6s -
If you are still with me then it looks like it is the time to reveal the company that is doing all this for bringing sat tv for computer. The software is programmed by Satellite Direct, they have kept one promise all these years, if you like it keep else get a refund, no questions asked.
Baring's final book was Have You Anything to Declare? Described by Robert Speaight as "the best bedside book in the English language," this anthology was gleaned from the literatures of many of the languages in which Baring was conversant. It was a fitting swan song from a man who appeared to be the very incarnation of the various cultures that comprised "the Europe of the Faith."
His varied life experiences and education give him a unique and interesting perspective, and he often weaves philosophical insights and pathos into his texts. His books are action-oriented, but they do not have simplistic plots wherein good vs. evil or some other hackneyed approach is used. Instead, Elder employs plot shifts that allow the characters and readers to question the relationships we often take for granted. For example, a hero may do great wrongs while a species once perceived as malicious can be revealed to be honorable and wise. This offers refreshing and exciting perspectives for readers as they delve into Elder’s texts, for one never knows what to expect.
4. Features
‘round here since all the jobs went down to Mexico
~~~Ribbon Flower Supply List~~~
In 2006, the Home Office’s Sentencing Advisory Panel issued advice that shoplifters – the most common criminal in the UK – should never be sent to jail unless involved in violent attacks on staff, using children to steal, or working in organized gangs. It is clear that many of those now facing hefty jail sentences were none of the above.
Donating toys and stuff to local families who have had a sucky year feels good too. But I start feeling sad that I can't really change anything, just put a cuddly band-aid on the problem for a day. :-(
1. Know you who are.
You can't learn more about this in my novel because I'm too lazy to write it.
I want to let you know that the post is probably a bit delayed, because I’m very tired now, and I’m not home tomorrow.. So I hope I finish the post in the beginning of the next week!
night in a hotel called the “Tiger Hotel.” One of her brothers lives in Wau (she and
Lately, I've been on the search for some tasty, healthy recipes and I've had quite a few successes too!!
So, along with healthy, nutritious whole foods add a nice serving of service to your routine and you’ll be well on your way to a fabulously healthy and happy life! If you would like support on your journey to health, I would love to share the ways I can support you in achieving your goals. Contact me for more information or visit my website, HealthWorksKC.
If you are one that pays for a chunk of data every month from your ISP and would like to know on how much data you are really using I think this application can help. It is called Networx you can see how much data your computer is using when you surf the web… You can even set quotas to issue alerts when predetermined amounts are meet.
I love this room, except the flowery chairs. I'd like them in red. And that couch, the one in the center of the picture, love it. In fact, I have a couch very similar to that. This quiz also gave some features of each design style. Cozy casual likes rolled arm couches with ball feet or skirts - that's totally what I'm always drawn to.
Lindvall and Mizrahi will be hosts on a Lifetime show that debuts Jan. 5, “Project Runway All Stars.”
I must say that my favorite terrasse at this very moment, meaning I’m open to suggestions as I am fickle at heart, is the gorgeous outdoor dining area at the Maison de l’Amerique Latine on the Boulevard St. Germain. Lunch here makes you feel like a “real lady who lunches” and their huge outdoor garden behind the exquisite Hotel Particulier which houses the cultural institution is simply divine. The food (think fancy salads, fish, etc) and the service are elegant and on a spring or summer day, this location absolutely cannot be beat. Plus after your long lunch with some rose perhaps, you can tour the galleries to see their latest art exhibit. Expect to pay to feel so terribly chic and elegant but the Maitre-d is the kind who makes you feel special even if you ride in on one of those razor scooters as my friend did!
I figure everybody needs a copy of this endlessy-reissued classic of early 70's British rock. These guys were only 18 when this was recorded! Akarma release, not my rip - thanks to original uploader!
The first few times you wash your wipes you will get some fraying along the edges if you have used the raw edge method. This is completely normal and you can cut away any loose strings with a pair of scissors. Some materials (like flannel and fleece) also pill. You can get rid of any excessive pilling with a lint shaver.
Lord, Thank You for teaching me how to love others. Thank You for loving me and setting that perfect example. Reading Your Word is giving me patience with my children. It is reminding me to show love in all I do. Thank You so much for Your guidelines and examples. Speak to me today. Amen.
Now in trig we are having a review day. I, as usual, am not doing the homework in class. Instead I’m working on my article on Prom.
Anyway, I managed to get my frame complete and start on 2 other pages as well, but will complete them here at home. Here are the photos of my project. I have used a Webster's page, Stampin' Up die cut for the flowers, the little leaf flourish comes from my friend Kim at PaperArtsy, (you can order them on line) The little bees are a new stamp from Layers of Color Australia and the butterfly is also a die cut from SU.
The drug mentioned in the article above is a perfect example of why. The question I have about drugs for relapsing/ remitting MS (the type I have) is how can they say for certain any drug reduces the number of relapses? Relapses are so random; I never know when I'll have one. Sure there are things that can bring on a relapse, such as my recent thyroid surgery, otherwise I can't really say for certain what brings them on nor can my doctor. So if there is no predictable way of determining how often I will have a relapse; how can I know for certain a drug is reducing them?
Giveaway:
Bred in France by Dominique Le Baron on April 1, 2005, Viking Blond arrived in Britain as an unraced three-year-old in 2008. He made his racecourse debut for trainer Nigel Twiston-Davies and owner Caroline Mould the following season, when finishing fourth in a bumper at Stratford. Sent hurdling he ran three times without success in novices’ events, but broke his duck when winning a handicap hurdle at Exeter on February 3, 2010, under Twiston-Davies’ then stable jockey Paddy Brennan. The following month, at Chepstow, he won again over hurdles, and although he failed to add to his success in that sphere he was considered good enough to appear at last year’s Cheltenham Festival (7th of 23 in the Pertemps Final) and when unplaced in handicap company at Aintree’s John Smith’s Grand National meeting. Sent novice chasing in October 2011, Viking Blond scored in smart style at Chepstow under the trainer’s son, Sam, and after two more placed efforts at Cheltenham and Newbury he was qualified to run in the Coral Welsh National. Surprisingly given his inexperience, Viking Blond was sent off the 6/1 favourite, but was struggling before half way and eventually pulled up. He was subsequently fifth of 12 in a Listed chase at Ascot, which was his most recent outing. Race Record: Starts: 20; 1st: 3; 2nd: 3; 3rd: 3; Win & Place Prize Money: £26,414
I have a job interview tomorrow.
hold close to my heart.
coco-
What is the infrastructure that supports your customer’s engagement with your products and services – and does it provide them with the best possible customer experience?
The meals are fresh, not frozen. They keep in your refrigerator until ready to heat and eat!
Neely believes that she is making me nervous.
I have reclaimed the area that has been reserved for tomatoes ... and planted some annuals that will be the focus of my summer colour ... it was definitely a labour of love ... but worth every second spent !
2 carved
Out socialising with my new colleagues I would drink heavily to reduce my anxiety levels. This would result in me blurting out inappropriate things about myself/ embarrassing stories and generally behaving like an idiot.
A few of the sights to see include pieces from...
Now here are the items that i did Swatch:
To fully appreciate Saturn 3 you have to accept that it was out of date already when it was released, and the odd casting of Kirk Douglas as the virile scientist Adam is something even I (and I’m a big fan of Kirk) think is weird. Or maybe it’s more weird that he has a relationship with Farrah Fawcett and they both walk around in velour pants! It of course gets more edgy when crazy psychopath Benson (Harvey Keitel) arrives, after killing a colleague of his to be able to work on his super-robot at the space station in peace. Soon it’s revealed that the robot and Benson more or less is the same person, connected through the brains – and Benson is very eager to make sweet love with Fawcett, which also means that the robot wants to do the exact same thing! Manly man Kirk won’t allow this and he even dares to wrestle naked to protect his woman!
Nobody would like to work for a boss or stay long in a company who only has work in mind all fiscal year long and doesn’t have any plan of organizing a good number of team outings, employee morale-uplifting initiatives, or even something as simple as team breakfasts; lunches; or dinners.
Many people will say, “How is that an observance of what happened on 9/11?” And my answer is, “We live in America, where we can choose to observe or not, cry or not, commemorate or not. And we chose to enjoy the gorgeous morning at the beach.” While at the beach, my husband and our daughters played in the surf and hunted for seashells; and I listened to the waves, felt the sun on my skin, and was so very grateful that I live in a free country. I remembered not only the victims of that heinous, cowardly attack who won’t be able to experience a simple day at the beach with their family, but also of my friends and family members who have passed away. As I collected sharks’ teeth, sea glass, and perfect seashells, I felt their presence in each treasure I found.
Grease an 8″ cake tin either deep or a sandwich pan or a spring form tin, anything will do. You could use a 6″ one instead if you want smaller but deeper.
Until, we fear, our mattresses were flat.
If the Fifth Circuit sides with Abbott, the red light for Thursday’s scheduled execution of Adams would return to green, though any ruling would be subject to appeal to the U.S. Supreme Court.
Joe’s face says it all! This was right in the midst of the meth-like hysteria that Anna displayed most of the evening.
When Sutton was arrested that February day in Brooklyn, he had been on the run since 1947, having escaped a Pennsylvania prison by dressing up as a prison guard.
“You eeeet in zee street??” one of my colleagues sashayed up to me, face full of wonder.
and to show it we don’t care
Chuck Matney, who had recently closed his floral business, is the new Personal Stylist at Halls.
Should ALL and ONLY Black countries be flooded with hundreds of millions of non-Blacks who are then force assimilated into the Black population because “Race is a social construct”???
Pursuits like climbing to the top of the balcony and throwing paper airplanes.
“Located 5 minutes walk from Temple Bar in Dublin’s busiest shopping district; The Church is ideal for coffees and drinks in the Bar or on the Terrace.”
Messing K, Saurel-Cubizolles MJ, Bourgine M, Kaminski M. Menstrual-cycle characteristics and work conditions of workers in poultry slaughterhouses and canneries. Scand J Work Environ Health 1992; 18: 302-309.
Granted, they aren’t real people, but still.
Give thanks!
I must say, the idea of venomous primates never crossed my mind. While venomous species do exist in mammals, it is much more common in insects, reptiles and fishes. In primates, slow lorises (genus Nycticebus) are thought to be venomous in Thai folklore (Wilde, 1972) but are they really?
One by one, he would nab them and demand to know who they were.
Fresh starts don't always come through brand new things. Despite what our consumption driven culture tells us - buy this! start new! bigger and better! - real life, the created world, tells us something else.
My skin is on the white side. Because of that, my eyebrows look a lot stronger and my double eyelids make me look young for my age. (Baekhyun: How can your eyebrows look strong?) If Kai’s double eyelids are considered charismatic, mine look as if they could embrace anything.
“Such a waste. She was our finest looking reporter,” Connar explained. “DoubleDee could wear a bikini during Armageddon and have you convinced it was a Spring Break kegger.” He turned to Appleby. ”Another team is headed to a new hot spot. We’ll follow up with that. In the meantime, we’re setting up your interview with Don.”
A sour with orangey flavors sounded right up my alley. Here in Phoenix most of the Seville oranges are a bit past their prime, but I lucked into about 20lbs of another variety called Bouquet des Flores, that keeps well on the tree. The flavor of their rind was a little underwhelming compared to what it normally is so I supplemented the oranges with some tangelos and navels that I picked as well. Nothing like fruit fresh off the tree!
Rona's Blog - Jennifer Scull
It was a miracle that All that Noise was recorded with the constant lineup changes, but the instability does not show in the album. Opening with an instrumental is quite daring, but Guitar Voodoo is a perfect start to the album. A slow drum shuffle and rumbling bassline with jangly guitar riffs that build up to a heavy stoned out sonic wah. Found Love sounds triumphant, you can really feel the ecstatic emotion in it. The other standout psychedelic tracks are Waiting for the Angels and All that Noise.
The Dewan Rakyat is set to begin its 20-day meeting from March 12. This will be followed by a second meeting from June 11 to June 28 (12 days). The final meeting of 34 days, which includes presentation of the Budget, will be from Sept 24 to Nov 27.
I am posting some "unfluffed" (sorry, technical term again) photos of three different sunsets from last week. Straight from the camera to my computer to the blog.
Excuse my French, I have said something that people usually won't want to hear. As in "You have a dentist appointment next week," which is swiftly followed by "Fuck fuck fuck I haven't been flossing." And of course you haven't been flossing. Nobody flosses. It's probably a conspiracy. The dentist will still ask you if you are anyways, and you have no choice but to answer "sometimes."
The PCs decided to investigate this foreboding tunnel, and set off carefully southward, down into the darkness. Vivuli affixed a fire gem to an arrow; Innominus cast find traps.
I want him around for a long long time. And I have this fear that this is so good…that I’m so happy…that it won’t last. It’s like when you are at a party having a blast and you keep looking at the clock wishing and hoping the party will not come to an end. I want to savor each and every day. Each moment! And maybe I’m a little paranoid about car wrecks in particular but I want this chance I’ve been given. And we really are so close.
Rachel wished she had kudos for her talents and accomplishments, but that didn't seem likely to ever happen. So she felt somehow it would be wrong to be a huge fan of someone's work and not ever tell them in someway.
And sin is a three letter word
"Jonathan Shapiro took a comment in a court case out of context, and began to put a derogatory image of the president of the ANC with a shower coming out of his head and thought it would be funny," Duarte said.
And, you know, I will admit right up front, I mean, is… are two groups with two people in them worse than one group with four people in them? Well, maybe not… it’s the same thing. But, what we’ve seen historically is that counts do seem to… very clearly… go up and down… we now see it going up again and we can see it reflected anecdotally.
At first this seemed impossible ("Mister Robert" was always overly cautious) and I suspected it might even be a ruse to get rid of the street kids' constant demands for money (it's been 10 years now - 10 years of endless "relatives who need surgery," and the usual stories).
Garnish with coriander leaves and serve hot.
One aspect of The Battle Over Inception has been about whether Nolan is successful in conveying a dream world. I have seen a couple of bloggers proclaim that no one has dreams that require special effects such as the city that folds onto itself. Dreams are something that no filmmaker can ever quite successfully portray on film. Why? Each of our dreams are unique and formed within our own minds which are also based on our own personal experiences. We may share some of the same imagery, but none of us have a collective style to our dreams. When someone says that a folding city would never appear in anyone's dreams, I can already proclaim that is false because I have had dreams where cityscapes have shifted not unlike that. I would actually say that image is more common to my dreams than, say, the dwarves that pop up in David Lynch's dreams. In fact, I have never had a dwarf appear in my dreams, though I will not discount the possibility that it may pop up in others'. It is quite odd for anyone to proclaim whether a movie dream is truly believable just based on their own experiences.
When sent to England to write articles on Sir Francis Dashwood's Hellfire Club, Amy uncovers a link between the alchemist Nicholas Flamel, the nineteenth century occultists and the Hellfire Caves which endangers her own life. Can her research skills save the world from at least one dastardly killer?
Optional: Give the sifter (if you have one) to the baby (if you have one) to play with on the kitchen floor (if you have one).
Designed primarily for the U.S. market's celebration of the Guinness anniversary, Fergal Murray says "I've made a beer that works well through the summer months. It's a one-shot pour, you don't have to do the six steps (though there are still Guinness Stout rituals involved in the perfect pour)." The brew is carbonated, rather than nitrogenated for a more bubbly, "beer-like" effect rather than the traditional soapy head that builds on a stout, and involves two malts in its production. "You get a little different flavor palate, a bit aromatic, perhaps sweeter taste," says Murray, who is clearly excited about the day and life in general. "It still has all the fundamentals of a good stout--the extra barley, the extra hops, but it's a little different on the flavor profile."
Being famous, (for those of us who aren’t) seems so easy; wake up, look fabulous, take a few pictures, go shopping, and eat at five star restaurants. However, many celebrities are students, just like us, who would have thought? So in between all of the “easy” things they do in a day, we can add to that list: cram all night for that test, write a ten page paper, create the oral presentation, and edit a paper. Still sound fabulous?
I decided if I had to go to Traffic School, then I might as well try and
Unfulfilled.
And from the outside
If I had not "dropped out" (again quotes because dropping out doesn't feel right, I went all 12 years, I just didn't go enough to graduate for the last 3) I probably would not be married to my wonderful husband, because I wouldn't have moved to Salem and ever met him. So YAY for not graduating. Also I have had quite a few jobs (all entry level to be fair) and I have NEVER been told no for a job based on my lack of diploma. (Okay I did not get a job once, but it was a baby-sitting job, so I don't think that counts, as a diploma is completely irrelevant since I have been baby-sitting since I was 12) I also never got my GED because the local community college has an uncanny ability to give me panic attacks almost every time I go there, plus I am cheap. Now I want to take the GED test, just to say I did, but after not being in school for 6 year I have a feeling I would fail miserably.
This is an easy one to get started with. This non-profit exists to spread usage of social media. But notice that they directly tie this social media goal to a specific non-social-media goal: “to improve the quality, access, value and effectiveness of health­care delivery to patients.” In other words, the organization doesn’t just want to spread social media usage for its own sake; it wants to do so to achieve a real-world goal.
To better fit with the proportions of the new leather sofa I created two rows of four prints (and yes, my 'new' leather sofa is over a year old now!).
Similarly, tomatoes attract a moth which lays eggs that hatch into the tomato hornworm, a surprisingly beautiful caterpillar despite it's nasty ways. We had a few hornworms last year, easy to spot when you notice plant stems that are missing all their leaves, but most were eliminated early on by garden predators. We just picked off the few we discovered (and sent them to an early death). They did not seriously interfere with our tomato fruit production, and are certainly not worth straying from your commitment to organic gardening.
It's the last hooraybefore the long hot summer kicks in so come join us for a little fun....
There are so many more new ones that I am now following and enjoying that I would not know about if it had not been for UBP 2010, -- I am still finding new ones thru the links and I can't wait for next year!!!!
Today in the gospel lesson (John 14:26-31) we hear Jesus tell the disciples as the head up the Mount of Olives that they will all desert Him, and that Peter will deny Him 3 times. Peter vehemently said, “Even though I must die with you, I will not deny you.” And all of the disciples agreed…
POW: 3d6 (10-11)
*If you're coming in from out of town: Make a plan to share a room with a couple blogger friends and maybe stay an extra night to wander Portland! It is a wonderful city... If I do say myself.
Skirt Description:
Here's what happened...
On 3-10-10, Jensen turned 10 months old! My goodness.... I've said it before, and I'll say it again, I will never get over how fast the time goes by. It is filled with wonderful, treasured moments, memories- giggles and cuddles, tears and joys. It is all stored up in a well of emotion, gratitude, and thanksgiving in my heart. (Sigh...) I just hope that I don't miss what's right in front of me, while it's right in front of me. My prayer is that I would seize the day, be thankful for the times I have now, while my children are little, and soak up every moment, until my heart is overflowing with it all.
experience of other people. By engaging in role taking we become socialized
So the stoop remained empty forever at 418 East 4th.
The message on the back of the card seems to be wishing Johan a happy Christmas, though by the time he receives the card the holiday has already passed. It looks as if the card was sent on the 7th of December, 1911 and didn't arrive at its destination until a month later.
(f) to raise funds through the issuance of bonds or otherwise, and to authorize the expenditure of proceeds thereof:
I probably haven't watched it since I was in high school... maybe I caught a few episodes of it on MTV or wherever it may have resurfaced when I was in college, but viewing it now as I am quickly approaching my (hold me, I'm about to type it) middle age years, it is a totally different experience.
I come form the haunts of coot and hern,
I flash back to my days as a P.A. (Production Assistant) in live television concerts. I once was sent to Bed, Bath and Beyond on a frantic fetch for white candles for Jennifer Lopez's trailer because apparently everything in the trailer had to be white and the green candles in there would just not do. Jenny From The Block. Keeping it real. How, exactly, do people end up in that special crazytimes place where reality takes a nosedive? I also watched one of the tour managers for Def Leppard light into a woman in the talent department (who was 8 months pregnant at the time) over the cheese plate on their provided private jet. Standing there watching a grown man yell his head off at a tiny, 5 foot tall pregnant woman over a cheese plate made me think that yes, in fact, the human race will eventually be wiped off the planet.
VISUALS: The girls do take their tops off…
There was a crash off the coast of Brazil that was involved in this, I know. But I don’t know about the hockey players.
﻿I printed it out and colored with my Copics. I really enjoy fall colors so this was my favorite part..I felt the background was a bit stark so I scribbled E40 all over it..
Moreover, you’ve got to familiarize yourself with the myths surrounding the copyright of public domain novels and other materials. They are as follows:
And, therefore, I feel it’s my duty to do an intervention. For those of you still deluding yourselves, who still can’t face reality I suggest therapy or better yet maybe pick up a copy of “He’s just Not That Into You.”
Gideon is really into Transformers right now. That is what he asked Santa for. He also got a bunch of Legos, and a keyboard amongst other stuff. Ella got a baby and highchair and stroller from Santa and loves them. She also got a doll house and some Hello Kittys to play with in the house. They got a few movies including Rio, Despicable Me, Tinkerbell, and others, and a few puzzles which they have had the most fun playing with.
When doing social media for any college or community, you have plenty of easier, shinier events to tackle … but how do you take something like student research and creativity and give it a big treatment via social media? With a little (or a lot) of help from your friends.
While I can't speak for all of the dishes at Cover 3, I will mention that their Chop-house burger with cheese and bacon was placed at number 12 of Texas Monthly's 50 Best Burgers in Texas. I haven't had the burger itself, so I guess I can't speak for it either.
In 1991 he wound up working briefly on a recording session at a new studio in Bamako that needed a n’goni player. In the evenings the studios engineer helped him make a cassette of his traditional sounding tunes, but still his music never reached a wider audience. He shuffled back and forth between his village and the big city for the next several years before finally becoming a mini bus driver in the capital. His lack of musical success led to excessive drinking and drug use that caused his life to spiral downward. His wife left him and some people thought he had gone crazy due to his many obsessions. He was uneducated by Western standards, but the one thing he had going for him was a determination and work ethic that can’t be taught in any book. He returned to the studio in 1998 with a clean lifestyle and a renewed purpose to achieve something with his music. The head engineer at Bogolan Studio was Frenchmen Yves Wernet, who talked to Issa about transforming his raw sound into something more modern. Yves wanted to use drum machines, keyboards, and female background singers to help give his songs a fresh contemporary edge. Issa was originally surprised at the results when he heard his voice for the first time wrapped around the layers of sound that had been added to his music. His vocals were still sung in traditional Bambara, his native language, but the additional instruments and electronic beats now helped make his traditional songs stand out in a marketplace full of aspiring musicians. Bamako was hungry for something new and his music started selling immediately; then the major label Six Degrees Records signed him to a contract and soon Issa’s music was available through out much of the world.
Love stands tall over beloved’s grave,
“It feels good, really good,” Toros coach Noe Esquinca said. “All the kids are excited. Hopefully it can repeat itself.”
Fiberfill
During our adoption home study I carefully researched all the different types of groups that were running in our local area. I was also lucky to have several friends with children of a similar age to Katie which helped with some playdates and was also introduced, via work, to a lovely lady who adopted her son a month before Katie came to live with us. We are now very close friends.
He asks her 'Why you drinking?', she says 'Why do you care?'
...in the U.S., first and foremost it is man-made and can be removed by, the people who are actually in poverty.
“Maybe.” He accepted her bundle. “We’ll read them together.”
“What was it?”
During the trip, Christy Hudak, one of Mayo’s colleagues at the Center for Coastal Studies, spotted a normally sedate whale hurling itself fully out of the water over and over again.
February
Cyber Parenting
when i live far away from her after this ?
It is the figures in the dream and what they do that seem to make the dream . You do not realise that you are making them act out for you, for if you did the guilt would not be theirs and the illusion of satisfaction would be gone . In dreams these features are not obscure . You seem to waken and the dream is gone . Yet what you fail to recognise is that what caused the dream has not gone with it .
If Refn does one thing, it’s to turn me onto 80′s infused electronica. It’s very moving and builds tension quite well. But that isn’t the main musical choice in Bronson. On the contrary, most of the movie uses classical music. Much of it is beautiful, but with great beauty comes great responsibility. If you’re going to use The Flower Duet or Siegfried’s Funeral March, favorites of mine, you’ve got to have a scene to match. He didn’t.
Lady Madonna
dress: somewhere in Rome, belt: BCBG, boots: somewhere in Italy
Hi, my name is Olga Carmody and I am the person behind http://www.jollylittlepurse.etsy.com/. There I create little purses which I love and find it difficult to part with them, when they are sold.
RAMESSES – SAFETY IN NUMBNESS
Students utilize other means of dealing with rising tuition costs. The amount of SCSU students in debt because of student loans in 2007 was 68 percent. The average debt of graduates in 2007 was $22,721.
Ahhh, but that didn’t last very long. It happened again: I got glazed over and entered the sixth dimension, Ma-la-la-Land, and I took off. But this time, Jeff didn’t catch me until mile marker 2.5. Feeling slightly guilty but secretly annoyed that he fell off the pace so soon, I glanced over and saw a large man dripping with sweat — gloves and hat already peeled off and dangling from his shorts. He gave me the nod that he was OK, so off we went, cruising along at about a 9:00 minute/mile pace.
We had four hours of bench time scheduled at Foci this morning that we had to cancel. I didn't feel right about going in there and spreading germs through the blowpipes. I don't know of anybody who sanitizes them and unless you've got your own (which we don't) you take your chances with the shop pipes. I suppose it's possible that it's where I picked up this bug in the first place.
Finally third fold is done by folding along the line fold line X-Y
Very often we hear people saying (it may occasionally happen to many of us too) that they do not have enough time. Is it really a matter of having enough time or rather a matter of having a good time management?
457 comments
A common accusation against the British is that we “plundered” other countries, however it is surely a strangely British form of plundering, where a world power moves into a country which has no infrastructure, is without health cover, without law, without education, and with a dismally low life expectancy, and, without exception left them with a world renowned system of law, a healthy and educated population, a 20th Century infrastructure, together with functioning industry and agricultural systems enabling them to be potentially self supporting. The fact that the Infrastructure has been destroyed, agriculture devastated and the industrial wealth pillaged, does not change the fact that it was bequeathed to our colonial subjects when we left them.
2) Get a Tune up. If you are traveling with your car, make sure you have your oil changed, and your brakes, fluids, tire pressure and windshield wipers checked.
There’s nothing like taking in a breath of fresh air. As you’re cleaning, open the windows. You’ll be removing musty winter odors, protecting yourself from inhaling harsh fumes from cleaning products and the fresh air will keep you going.
I am hopeful, because of the internet. As we reach out to one another more and more, we get to know each other better and it becomes more difficult to demonize each other.
As with most of these recipes, it uses a few simple ingredients and comes together quickly. It would probably go even quicker if I just cut the dough into squares, but I use small bone-shaped cutters to make her treats. I also use round cutters and even have one that looks like a little cat that I have used from time to time. This time I just used the circle and the bone-shaped one.
Tober Moses Mans
14. Unschoolers are respectful because they've always been respected.
Back to my uncontrollable spending. What the...??? What is my problem!?!?!?!? I convinced myself that I needed these things. And a few things would have been ok. I have outgrown my summer clothes. Many of which I haven't worn in a year or two because most of my summer is spent working overtime. But I have practically gone out and bought a new summer wardrobe. Three and a half new bathing suits (one was a gift), summer dresses (one was also a gift), a cropped cardi, two pair of pajama bottoms, tops, shorts, pants that roll up to capris, a new toiletry bag, two new travel bags that are easy on the shoulders, new sandals, two new hoodies for the chilly evenings, and one of those pillow things for the airplane. I think I have gone completely bonkers! I am definitely having buyers remorse. Look at all this:
Foliage of love, if transformed into barbs of vengeance, only by rules of Ate abide,
23) I do not take physical pain very well. If I am in pain, everyone within hearing distance will know all about it.
I couldn’t just be satisfied listening to the 1970′s R&B I grew up listening to on my father’s old reel to reel. The white children on my school bus were talking about alternative music and bands like the Red Hot Chili Peppers. I didn’t know who they were, but I was determined to find out.
I should get up, get ready. We've got plans. I tell myself sternly as though stern voiced statements ever worked on me.
RTF stands for Rhizomatous Tall Fescue and it’s the main ingredient in Q Lawns’ water saver seed. Tall Fescue is a woodland grass that copes reasonably well with shade and with drought, the Rhizomatous version is also quite good at coping with wear and tear so I’ll be using that at the entrance to my garden where the grass has been worn away by dogs, boys, wheelbarrows and me.
In as many aspects of my life as possible.
Nick Saloman is one of the most underappreciated guitarists/songwriters of our generation. Notice I didn’t say singers, even though he does have a unique voice; that is more of an acquired taste. He is “Bevis Frond”, even though other mates of his (Adrian Shaw, Martin Crowley to name two) have periodically contributed to the musical journey. Working out of his bedroom led to a certain lo-fi ambiance on his earlier recordings, with the initial LP titled “Miasma” appearing in 1986. While there is a wealth of diverse styles that Nick is comfortable writing in, it is important to know what recordings might be most compatible with your tastes. Why waste time trying the song- oriented releases, if what you really wanted was the psychedelic inspired guitar freakouts. I will not say “they’re all great”, that’s a fanatic’s phrase that shows he’s been so captured by a musician’s spell that he’s now lost in the forest of infatuation. The Bevis Frond just recently ended a seven-year hiatus with the release in 2011 of “Leaving London.” I think it’s time to navigate the musical topography that he has travelled these last twenty-five years, and point out a few significant sites along the way.
She has many blessings to count, including a bumper share of good looks and good fortune.
every time, I see a woman hiding behind a big dark pair of sunglasses I think about my mom. last week, I was looking back at the W september 2008 issue and stumbled upon an editorial entitled istanbul. immediately, while looking at these images I was reminded of my mom. nobody can do incognito chic quite like her and she has practically perfected this look down to an art! I actually showed my mom this photo to see what her immediate reaction would be and she loved it just as much as I did. what I appreciate about this pic is how out of focus supermodel lara stones appears and how clear istanbul looks in the background! for some odd reason, my mom tends to follow this type of look and expression especially when we take vacation photos. I don't know how she does it, but I find it so chic! on a side note, this probably has to be one of my all-time favorite mert and marcus photographs....totally out of focus, but so rich in style!
We have filed that person under one or more folders that contain many documents – experiences, feelings, perceptions, and memories.
Them laws of thermodynamics ain’t no slouch, incidentally. The first one – pretty much the “no conjuring” rule as described above – is among the most solidly convincing theories in modern science. If you throw that out, then a whole lot of really useful physics goes with it. Centuries of sophisticated learning and understanding shouldn’t be scribbled over with the first new and crazy idea to come along with Earth-shattering claims.
It is all well and good to be told you are landing in Holland instead of Italy. It is a plan change for sure, but you go in knowing you are not in Italy. It didn't work that way for us. Instead, the flight attendant didn't bother to tell me we weren't in Italy. For years, my husband and I wandered the streets looking for pasta and gelato. We couldn't find the Vatican no matter how hard we searched.
Another your love for movies,
Then it hit me. When I judged the previous book-owner's actions, I missed the point. And that is the difference from the past: the fact that I saw it at all, let alone so quickly. This person had chomped on this book. I was getting their chewing gum and I didn't like it. But I failed (momentarily, thank God) to see what a beautiful thing was before me.
I spent a week in London with a big bunch of other YouTubers, we collaborated on videos, had lunch at the Google offices, got some great info and had a good time.
(Reuters) – The Obama administration proposed on Tuesday the first rules to cut carbon dioxide emissions from new U.S. power plants, a move hotly contested by Republicans and industry in an election year.
praying to find some rescuer that really does care
is that Obama is a big meanie
772-626-4271
I didn’t get back into formal learning (courses, seminars) for another 14 years. I was in the informal classroom of life, where the curriculum was haphazard and progress was slow. I did love reading and started reading self-improvement books in the mid ’90s – Tony Robbins, Wayne Dyer, Neale Donald Walshe.
1 ½ teaspoon salt or as required
Me: That is fine. I am sure I'll spend it and then some. (Attempt to be humorous)
Now it’s time to actually quilt.
However, John’s use of both the neuter form of heis along with the plural verb form of eimi (esmen, “we are”) dispels any attempt of trying to turn the Father and the Son into a single Person. John’s use of hen which is in the neuter gender, as opposed to masculine heis, clearly demonstrates that their unity is not in terms of Personhood but in respect to their essence, e.g. they are not the same Person but two distinct Persons that share the same essence fully and equally.
like blackest coffee
19. Chicago Bears WR Michale Floyd (ND) When is the last time the Bears had someone at WR that instilled fear in opposing CB’s and S. Yes, it has been awhile. The Bears target this big receiver and hope his play making abilities are contagious.
Alcohol ink applicator and clean felt pads
When you try to live your life according to a big plan, it’s impossible to account for all the contingencies. And it’s difficult to stay sane when you see that the plan is on a different route from where you stand. Nevertheless, I was happy. But sometimes to calm the nerves of mutiny it was a necessity of drown them in some whiskey, or a little scotch, and hold them with a joint or two. Misery loves company. It treated me kind. The only key was being gentle.
"I think the fact that patients responded to treatment, improved cognitive function, fatigue and pain makes us believe we're touching one of the central mechanisms," he added.
The easy answer is not to embed fonts at all, or use freeware fonts, and there are many fine choices. (See links below) The downside of this? Talented, obsessed font designers might not be able to make a living making beautiful fonts.
I’m just leaving it as an annoying Facebook status update on my wall.
When we came together we got in groups and put our puppies in ABC order by their collars. The collars, sight words, and other ideas are all in the unit.
With May 5th as my due date, April 23 seemed a good time to finish up work. It was a Thursday. I was measuring small for how far along I was although the baby was still growing and the midwives were unworried. The discomfort that comes with the final weeks of pregnancy had yet to set in.
It's the same urge his wicked Uncle Andrew has to find out what happens when you send guinea pigs to the Wood Between the Worlds. And it's a test. You are faced with the choice, to be driven by your own passions, to ring the bell and take the risk of hurting others... of destroying a whole world.
Perhaps the most important element for me that I hoped for in this cover was the colour blue. This is the colour I think of when I think of Hayling. It is the colour of the sky reflected in the sea and also in the pools left behind on the mudflats when the tide goes out.
So if you are in the area, why not spend your Sunday here? Have a great time!
Pick a new spot to scratch, you’re getting a bald spot.
Courtney takes Ben out to a field where she wants to get married, and whodathunkit!, there’s a wedding set up. This was proof that hotness overrides everything. Any other girl does this to a guy and you’d think she was bat shit eat mayonnaise from the jar with a spoon crazy. Courtney? She’s opening up. She compliment fishes him into writing some pretty good vows and then her vows she apparently lifted from Sex and the City, which made sense because they seemed beyond her repertoire of “winning” and “kill shot” and shit like that.
No, I'm not dead. Real life has decided to throw me a ridiculous curve ball, and as such, hobby has taken a back seat to getting life sorted out. As a result, I've had to back out of combat patrol at Adepticon. I will still be going, but there was simply no way to get models painted in the weeks leading up to the event.
Row 19: ch3 (counts as a first dc), *(dc in the space between two sc in previous row, ch1)* repeat from *, join with a sl st in the top of ch3
The law of destruction
The other big influence was Bill Lofts. I'm not sure why I wrote to Bill, although it may well have been to discover the connections between authors active in the 1950s that I was growing interested in and Bill's great love, Sexton Blake. We corresponded heavily for years, but it was some while before I realised that I had heard from Bill years before. A scribbled note up the side of one of his letters was instantly recognisable as the same hand who had replied to my letter to Howard Baker. Bill's handwriting was unmistakable... and almost unreadable. In later years I transcribed a couple of things for him and occasionally had to leave gaps where his handwriting was so illegible it was incomprehensible.
So, my legs are tiny from the knees down, what are you trying to say about my thighs? I know I have tree trunk legs but sheesh do ya have to point it out.
Now that is clearly the end of the battle as no one in their right mind will argue with the mistress and bring down the most fearfull wrath apon themselves.I am quite relieved as im now tired and finally get to drink my beer which is still in my possesion. This of course make me the undisputed, undefeated master of the universe………obviously.
This is not a book anyone can miss. You have to read this book. Pre-order this book now, right now, because you simply cannot not read this book. It's absolutely amazing! Rachel Vincent, you are beyond amazing, and I cannot thank you enough for the joy I get through readin your books. You're a gift to readers. Now I just need Mira Ink to publish the eBook novellas Reaper and Never to Sleep in the UK so I can read them, and I will be an extremely happy girl.
~ Tidy kitchen counters, clean and shine sinks, lay out clean dish towel before going to bed
Tanner’s crew paused briefly to regain their bearings and reorganize their convoy and then headed off into the night … straight toward Lanigan’s “dragnet”.
And there are a multitude more…But I figure three witnesses are enough to establish the case.
It pours a pale yellow color, topped by a short froth of white foam. The taste is bready and heavy on the palette, with a little citrus and sweetness from orange blossom honey.
- In Spain it is common to ¨lisp¨ consonants, while in South America this is not the case.
Pierre Buast
When she posted this recipe,i knew im going to try this.I love to try different kind of paratha and this one was a hit in my home.My hubby and lil one loved it.Its healthy and yummy and full.This doesnt need any side dish like she says and a pickle and yogurt is all that need.
At the age of 19, in 1970, Radhanath Swami started his journey of spiritual quest. After meeting several people and studying various paths of spiritual enlightenment along the way, he finally reached India. Radhanath Swami’s experiences through the journey enabled him to understand the truth from all cultural perspectives. The deep realizations that he gained in the process reflect in his teachings today.
but I won't be updating it very often as I have my hands full
Work has been quite busy and stressful lately. But, while I've been busy, busy, busy at work V has been busy, busy, busy at home working on the deck since he is between writing assignments. We have progress!! Check it out!
Sickness: Nope
“Everybody is a genius. But if you judge a fish by its ability to climb a tree, it will live its whole life believing that it is stupid.” -Albert Einstein
We had our Guild Auction this month and it was a lot of fun.
I will be using my crossword puzzle stamp more on my layouts.
Sometimes I, a woman in her fifties, sends indulgent love to the girl in her twenties I once was ... unblemished, dewy, radiant love. Am I no less that girl because my body has grown older? She lives within me still; just as vigorous, just as throbbingly awake. Her blood is mine. Her bones. Perhaps in some strange way, I express her more purely now because I am kinder, gentler, more loving with myself than I was then. I understand the things I did then better than when I did them.
Now that I have made my long winded post for why you want a DSLR, let's consider the compacts. We have 3 point and shoots of various vintages.
one of our favorite michael keaton movies
I imagine such a man, during initial introductions of himself to strangers, announcing, “Hi, I’m John Smith, and I am NOT a racist!” Such people should wear a button or tag on their clothing, or wear a sandwich board that declares on both sides, “I am NOT a racist!” This troubled soul seems to believe that when he proves his love and total acceptance of the coloreds, and pointedly rejects all initiatives pertaining to his own white self-interest, he proves his worth as a human being.
Brewed: 08-10-2007
We left the park and I started scanning for my friend who said she'd be there cheering. I saw her and screamed her name! A quick high five and I was gone.
We noticed DiCesare’a name on ShopNBC’s program lineup today. He will have ShopNBC’s Today’s Top Value tonight at midnight.
This is a full view of the pendant I had purchased. I receive a lot of compliments when I wear this necklace, so I'm definitely going to order some more pendants!
There were tons of dorm buildings for the monks which we weren’t allowed to go near. There were also different vendors selling drinks and different things inside the gates to the pagoda.
Umm, yeah.
I digress; I have horrible sleeping habits, and I really love the way it looks outside when the moon is full, kinda like someone turned a light on......one that leaves shadows here and there, and sparkly snow in other places! So pretty! (Except for the cold!)
Last Friday our overnight guests began arriving ~ First it was Hubby's Sister J, her hubby D and their 3 boys. Then Grandpa S and Grandma P. The chaos began and everyone ~ kids included stayed up until 1am. Saturday brought more arrivals ~ My sister E, her son K and my parents (known as Grandpa P and Grandma P). Later on my sister's husband arrived after coaching at a track meet. We had a houseful. 17 people to be exact. It was busy, crazy and fun.
Every time I thought about sitting down to write something here, I would think to myself “Maybe later.” Of course, “Later” never came.Now that I decided to write you all something, I’ve nothing to write about.
Save with this Home Depot coupon for free shipping on most orders of $45+ (ongoing offer). You can also get ﻿Cash Back on your purchase! The most recent rate was up to 4%.
The other day I found the following story told by the University of Chicago professor and church historian, Martin Marty. It made me chuckle and seemed apropos for the time of year.
There must be other shows out there that I’m missing out on….. The Big Bang theory springs to mind and yes I would love to watch it but for some odd reason my son is extremely adverse to ‘Sheldon’s’ character……. Hmmmmmm…….. Go figure……..
1/4" rope
The saddest thing is to see little children going through chemo and there are also many younger people than me and a good few are brought in on trollies. This all makes me feel I shouldn't be grumbling.
Skin the salmon, removing any brown flesh, and use a pair of tweezers to pull out any bones.
With different ‘You’s, I flaunt different ‘Me’s;
That we found this morning.
it occurred to me that i should have included more in my answer. eg that my income is not derived entirely from simply colouring cloth
Son watching. Mind racing to the "C" word, to the specialists I would have to see, to the teary videos I would leave for my children in an effort to say a proper farewell. And, of course, NEEDLES being poked in my EARS.*
Herbert’s Dune: Again, this is one of those books that I’ve reread so many times, I no longer recall exactly when I read it the first time. High school, but not sure when. I reread it once a year. It is the gold-standard for sci-fi world-building. My favorite scene in it is when Paul runs into Gurney again after years of being presumed dead. Beautiful.
The following bottles of booze were dirt cheap. I think we paid $30-40 for the whole stash.
OK, this post serves basically two purposes.
For a diffuser to create downforce it needs as much flow to pass through the venturi as possible. Teams arrange bargeboards and other aero devices to build up a high pressure region ahead of the floor to ensure the greatest mass flow underneath. Its then down to the expansion ratio of the diffuser to pull that flow through. Last years blown diffusers improved the expansion ratio, but not the flow ahead of the floor. What Renault have done in to lead the exhausts forward through the sidepods (about 1 meter) in-between the chassis and the radiators, then turn the exhaust 90-degrees to point it down towards the leading edge of the floor. The exhausts gasses follow the curved leading edge and round underneath the floor. This accelerates the flow under the floor for more mass flow and hence more downforce.
Nope. doesn’t work. Grails then decides that its a junit 3 test suit and runs it anyway…
Nevertheless, whatever the potential increase in the fascist vote there is enough evidence to suggest that it is the far left who will be the main beneficiaries of a new election and it is that fact that should have us looking at an arrray of possible scenarios, of which, the most obvious, of course, is one where SYRIZA does get the chance to form a government which will reject austerity. That is when developments in Greece and elsewhere in Europe will become very interesting.
Maggie 86
Fold in blueberries.
Watch this space. No, not the one between “space.” and “No”. The one just above this post.
The hood came off; I was sat in what appeared to be the cellar of a pub. I heard the rumble of tatty bearded old men walk above and discussions regarding the true origin of IPA and an argument about sparklers. The smell of pongy ale was overpowering. They gave me a pint of dark pongy liquid they referred to as “bitter” alongside a bag of something called “pork scratchings” which appeared to be little more than salted cooked fat. “Get that down you, lager lout” they taunted.
Pre-heat oven to 350 degrees or use toaster oven. Tear Whole Wheat Pita into chip-size pieces (do not double the pita...split apart so bread is thin) Spread pita slices across the surface of a non-stick baking sheet. Sprinkle pita slices with Diced Turkey, Diced Tomatoes, Diced Onions. Top with Parmesan Cheese and place 1 cube of Muenster Cheese on top of each individual pita slice. Sprinkle with Dried Red Pepper Flakes if desired. Place in pre-heated oven or toaster oven for 5 to 15 minutes. Bake until edges of pita slices are crispy and cheese is melted.
TOMORROW:
Sequels. They're the bane of any movie lover's existence. Sure, every once in a while you get a good one like Terminator 2 or the Back to the Future sequels, but a lot of the time they're just made to cash in on the original's success and are not made with the same kind of strokes of brilliance that the original film was. Then sometimes another one is made. Then another. Then another. Then another, all until the series is sucked dry and left to die like a festering corpse in the desert. What a horrible chain of events. And what better to epitomize this raping of creativity and artistic vision than by looking at the complete lack of anything salvageable that is Halloween: The Curse of Michael Myers.
more so i think it haunted me in my sleep
Assignment 1: Write a haiku
Unfortunately a friend of my mother's passed away named Seal a while back. She was always such a happy bubbly woman and was a lady volunteer fire-fighter for over 40 years. Her family decided today was the day to have the Estate sale for her things. I knew her many years too so I ran to the sale to maybe pick something up that was hers. I was very succssful indeed. =)
Okay, so I was slow to get on the bandwagon but, now that I've hitched a ride, I got a big ol' sloppy bonus of a posting for you.
I forgive myself that I haven’t accepted and allowed myself to realize that there is only so much i can do if people are stubborn and refuse to listen to the common sense that is presented to them
And put it there
STPSI Blog (stpsiblog.wordpress.com) is a participant in the Amazon Services LLC and Amazon EU Associates Programmes designed to provide a means for sites to earn advertising fees by advertising and linking to amazon.com, amazon.ca, amazon.co.uk, amazon.de, amazon.fr, amazon.it and amazon.es. Certain content that appears on this website comes from Amazon Services LLC and/or Amazon EU. This content is provided “as is” and is subject to change or removal at any time.
2) Rub in shortening.
"Balance, peace, and joy are the fruit of a successful life. It starts with recognizing your talents and finding ways to serve others by using them."
1/4 cup Liquid Smoke
Live a life of true worship.
The door flung open, and three more men entered with the wind. “Heyla, Cary,” the tallest one called to the barkeep. “Any hot cider left?”
I first introduced the concept of Post Acute Withdrawal (PAW) in training programs that I presented starting in 1976 and the concept was originally published in the first edition of book Learning To Living Again – A Guide for Recovery From Alcoholism
Pc Allanson said: “I felt very offended by this comment. I felt it was clearly a comment made towards myself and the other officers present due to the fact we were white police officers. I believe it was a very offensive comment.”
I know I would die
Growing up, I had witnessed friends who had eating disorders, and the constant influence to be skinny. When I transitioned into starting triathlons, as an active woman I had a difficult balance of how to feel feminine and sexy, while gaining muscle and being more toned than many guys I had previously known. The transition into feeling like a sexy woman but still following my heart by being active was a struggle for some period.
Malema warned that he would continue fighting for the issues he had been campaigning on, regardless of whether his suspension is held.
Alex Cavanaugh -- blogger extraordinaire, film connoisseur, science fiction author, and all-around nice guy -- has agreed to talk about his writing space. Alex has a Bachelor of Fine Arts degree and works in web design and graphics. He is experienced in technical editing and worked with an adult literacy program for several years. Alex lives in the Carolinas with his wife. His second science fiction novel, CassaFire, was released this March.
I am sitting here typing these long black lines over a white empty space.
I thought the company & food was a lot of fun- the show was okay too.
3. Salt.—
He felt sorrow over their sorrow, sadness over their sadness, and compassion because they experienced death, loss, the grave, pain, and sickness.
SWEETBREADS & MORELS
The Riot House no more, The Andaz has transformed into a “ sophisticated urban oasis with just a touch of sensual glamour.” Nothing short of true, the hotel rooftop boasts a gorgeous pool and cabanas overlooking Los Angeles and the Hollywood Hills.
A reputation.
jobs and revenue in our communities. You BAR attorneys created crimes
Of course, Mary’s reluctance to accept someone outside of her work friends whom she had grown to trust was due to her propensity towards unprofessional online behavior. Mary is a frequent poster of humorous, anti-work sentiments like someecards (http://www.someecards.com/workplace-cards/), which include various comments, such as “The next best thing to quitting my job is fantasizing about quitting my job” or “The pointlessness of our meetings have skyrocketed recently”. Clearly, such posts, when presented to workplace superiors, do not reflect well on Mary’s professionalism. Once a person’s social network and professional network begin to overlap, users must start making decisions just as the teens in boyd’s study struggled to reconcile the online personas presented to their peers with the persona presented to their parents (boyd, 2007, p. 17). As stories like the recent Maryland case involving employers requiring job seekers to provide access to their facebook accounts (McCullagh, 2012) highlights, people, regardless of age, need to consider being more diligent in self-selecting their social networks, modifying online behavior, using security settings or a careful, meticulous adaptation of all three.
-Matt 12:40
So why the upgrade of SAP vehicle focussed roadblocks to fully-fledged State fishing expeditions ?
M: The kohl in your eyes drives me crazy,
Music Consultant, Music Producer & Author Loren Weisman works to help, assist and consult independent artists, musicians, bands, labels & managers to achieve sustainable success.
What happens to a dream deferred?
Bakers voluntarily mixing folic acid into some breads has reduced the risk of babies being born with neural tube defects including spina bifida, an Otago University study has found.
Washington State Department of Labor and Industries. Workplace Hazards to Reproduction and Development: A Resource for Workers, Employers, Health Care Providers, and Health & Safety Personnel. Safety & Health Assessment & Research for Prevention (SHARP). Technical Report Number: 21-3-1999. Washington State Department of Labor and Industries, Olympia, Washington, August 1999.
The album is similar to the first, yes, but it explores more of the territory that is Greenspan's signature sound. For example, if you watch his performance at MOMA (e.g. here), you can gather the gist of the sounds that he vibes with. The result is a balance that is a less agressive form of witch-house, one that forgoes the cliché drop-D reese synths and tries to maintain a more classical sensibility.
Case C-70/10 Scarlet Extended SA v SABAM—Société belge des auteurs, compositeurs et éditeurs SCRL, Court of Justice of the European Union (ECJ), 24 November 2011
The next season he fell out with Rapid management because he did not feel the club were making the most of his talent. This would lead to him being left out of the side for much of their title winning campaign. This would also see him dropped from the national side for a period. As a result of his fall out with Rapid he moved to rivals Admira where he won two Austrian titles in two seasons.
I always speak as God wants me to, because He has judged me worthy to be entrusted with the Good News, I do not try to please people, but to please God, who tests my motives! Amen!
There’s only one person I’m intentionally not telling. My grandmother is not going to get it. At all. I’ve had several people beg me not to tell her. It’s going to cause a lot of problems. She’s probably going to disown me. Instead of causing family drama, I’ve kept my mouth shut around her. Once I tell her, the other fifty-nine people will hear about it. She’ll make sure of it. She’ll cross family lines to tell them she’s disowned me. Sad but true. I’m not looking forward to that day.
We hear that P, from Back Street, has gone crazy with the pressure and has been taken to hospital.
I do enjoy Christmas, but I am glad for the day after, when things can settle down freshly. While shopping and preparing for the holidays, my oldest went on a big adventure to New York City. He has two very generous and loving aunts (hubby's sisters) who live in Brooklyn, and they invited him to come visit for a couple of days. He and one of his aunts took the train to Boston from the bottom of our street, then the subway, then the Amtrak to NYC, travelling door-to-door without a car. This was his first journey away from home, and he was not nervous or frightened or worried... he seemed so ready. I realized after he walked out the door, that this was a benchmark moment for us as a family...for me as a mom. One of many more to come, but one that I really noticed. I felt a clear tug of letting go as he headed out the door with his bag and a smile, looking forward to his adventure. I was glad for him, and I knew he would be with people who loved him.
Well guess what I saw while I was there!?!
Ava handled her surgery* better than I parked Jasmine’s car. Both left the hospital with scars, though. Stupid column.
Original PrisonPlanet.com story HERE. The comments link at the bottom is chock full of links to various video postings that have been taken down.
Erin O’Brien and Rory Brady were childhood sweethearts and in their small town of Balleycraig they were famous for their long distance love. Years of teenage romance fueled by summers spent lounging under an old tree in an Irish field seemed to be enough to keep these love birds strong for the winters spent in separate countries; as Rory had moved to the US in his early teens. When Rory’s illustrious hockey career began it appeared as if all the couples dreams would come true.
And tune thy jolly voice to my fresh pipe,
Kids are sometimes confused
And here's some of my favorites.!
Then there are two key problems in the way policy is made.
has taken place
(if it was comfortable we wouldn't pay attention to it)
Two doors… Where do they lead? Choices, choices…
The music is a refreshing mix of indie artists, hip-hop and electronica. However space on the dance floor is limited on busy nights so it’s very much survival of the fittest.
:: the very first shell I spotted and brought home was broken and heart shaped... perfect for my Mom
Invisible Children is too late. It has taught us that MTV type media can get university students interested in a world crisis, the problem is it took too much time. Night commuting, outlined as one of the major problems in northern Uganda by the film, is practically non-existent now. Why? Peace is coming to the region. According to UN reports, children who still are commuting at night are not doing it because of safety concerns, but because they want to enjoy the amenities that NGO’s are offering in the towns, like Gulu, Kitgum, and Lira. At the peak of the commuting, there were between 30,000 and 40,000 children commuting. Now, estimates are below 10,000.
And, I can't forget about this poor guy!
Julie Atlas Muz and Mat Fraser will be performing Apocastrip Wow! at The Gershwin Room, Esplanade Hotel, on 21 and 22 February. For more information see www.espy.com.au.
Ejaz, a pastor-evangelist, (who is also the husband of Ate Ghie) was also there on the last day to give a challenge to the youth workers and leaders to find one’s place in God’s local and global mission. He invited each one to be part of the GYMN team as volunteers. He encouraged each one to think globally and include world mission in youth ministry.
Here's Figurines by The Fleetwoods on Dolton LP 2025 from 1963:
But bear with us for a moment.
Sa-weet...cha-ching! That left our door price down to right around $800 after all of the promos had been taken off and applied, and taxes added back in.
Canadian Glossary
We reluctantly eschew the equally astonishingly cheap towels, cushions, candles, tupperware and tin openers because we can’t think of a reason to buy any of these – much as we’d love to, even if only to marvel at their low cost every time we use them.
“My pops said he’d hook us up with some cash.”
So, unmarried I stay. And will, for the foreseeable future. But I’m not alone. God sees to that and has given me wonderful friends and friendships. I’ve got friends who know me inside and out and who love me anyway. I’m having my affections for Christ and His Church stirred in seminary. I’m using my arranging and composing gifts at my church. I’m also using my leadership and teaching gifts. I’ve not been cast out by my church family; they’ve embraced me quite a bit. Even more so with my seminary family.
The solar magnetic field changes direction every cycle, that is, every eleven years, and we have had eleven years of a minimum: relatively calm Space Weather. Not a lot happening in the magnetosphere. Also, with the Sun’s non-alignment with Earth’s magnetic field, the shield is up; fewer particles can get in.
This should suggest two things. First, conservative arguments that our tax system is too progressive and that we simply can’t solve our problems by raising taxes on the rich are disingenuous at best. If a mere 3% increase can generate $55 billion a year, then returning to the 50% top bracket that the rich enjoyed in the notoriously liberal years of 1982-1986, could easily generate enough revenue to put a massive dent in our fiscal problems. Second, an income tax surcharge could easily finance a robust Job Insurance system with a 5 million job reserve in about three years.
And I thought that was interesting. It was nice to see it written down so simply. For those of us who GM to present stories as much as react to them, it’s an instinctive tool, but as I said, I don’t think it’s ever been written down quite so explicitly and clearly and simply. It is effectively permitting dice fudging, as a written rule. Which is super sexy awesome.
The rise in student prostitution has been blamed on a simultaneous rise in tuition fees and living costs however recent research suggests this not to be the case.
30-something: Zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz
Love
( 6 )
Brief History –
This is two pages, that I print back to back, cut down to size, and then fold it backwards so the title is on the front.
Saskia frowns, then closes her eyes and gives her head a bothered little shake. And with that simple movement it’s as if a veil has dropped between her and us. She starts to talk again, quickly, in an urgent hush.
I have watched the two biggest, most well known representations of BPD on the big screen – Fatal Attraction and Girl, Interrupted. I will give you my opinion on how well (or not) I feel the condition is represented in both shortly but first let’s consider which movies it is claimed that BPD is represented in and whether or not it is actually BPD or another mental health condition that is being shown…
As campaigns go, you have to admire the chutzpah and clarity of the one illustrated above. The photograph shows a banner unveiled today above Korky’s shoe-shop in Grafton Street in Dublin, a couple of hundred metres from Government buildings. The subject of the banner is one of the most vexed issues in Irish commercial property at present, the imminent introduction of legislation to allow commercial tenants to secure current market rents in leases which presently provide for Upward Only Rent Reviews (UORRs). The property industry is blaming the uncertainty over the new measures for the almost complete elimination of investment transactions at present, tenants are clamouring for the new legislation blaming existing rents, which can be benchmarked with boom-era rents, for threatening their livelihood and that of their employees and neighbourhoods, existing investors are nervous about the financial impact of any changes on the value of their assets and I am willing to bet the government is anything but sure-footed over the cost of the new provisions and the potential for constitutional and other legal challenge.
Released to the living
WOOOO HOOOOO....are you ready for a week full of scrapbook layouts??? Well this weekend I had a BLAST creating so watch out!!! Scrapbooking is my passion and the real reason I began my crafting journey. Anywho, a local friend of mine Dayami and I challenged ourselves to creating layouts for our Project Life albums using our new amazing machine, THE SILHOUETTE SD. Have I said how much I LOVE MY SILHOUETTE???? It's the BEST machine out there. The cuts are so clean and perfect. My SBFF, Christina, from Creations with Christina, also received her Silhouette on Friday and she too spent the weekend playing and creating. Wait till you see the awesome layout she created with it. Now, I'm also a tab bit obsessed with Kerri Bradford's digital image kits. I can't get enough of them and each time she reveals a new one, I want it LOL. Almost every layout I created this weekend features one of her designs......she's amazing!!
and who’s to blame) but I wonder if we all don’t have
Material inference, by contrast, is inference where the content itself matters for the inference itself – where the inferential move should be understood not in terms of a hidden premise that renders the inference a formal logical one, but in terms of one proposition simply implying another, by virtue of the content of the propositions themselves, without any additional mediating operation.
Fourteen years ago, four babies were implanted with the Medusa gene - a gene for psychic abilities. Now teenagers, Nico, Ketty, Ed and Dylan have been brought together by government agents to create a secret crime-fighting force: The Medusa Project. Since their existence became known to members of the criminal underworld, they have been hidden away in a secluded training camp in Spain, where their identities are being kept secret. Life in camp is hard enough, but then things take a turn for the worse. Ed is blackmailed into using his mind-reading powers - and in doing so he threatens to endanger the whole Medusa Project…
I will talk about my experience in London at later date because the interesting thing happens after this course. I was ready to give up on games and try to get into TV but then I received a phone call from a recruitment office of a games course which is done from home, they wanted to send a course advisor to my house to discuss if the course was suitable for me or not. I vaguely remembered applying to the course a few months previous and I was interested what the advisor had to say so I agreed.
This attitudinal conflict lies at the heart of CHRISTMAS VACATION; Clark is presented as a sort of Last Man Standing when it comes to believing in Christmas (one of his co-workers refers to him as “the last family man”), confronted on all sides by those who’ve lost the spirit of the season. John Hughes, at heart, is an optimist swimming in a pessimistic world, and Clark personifies this to the nth degree. It’s fitting that his negativity builds like a pressure cooker throughout the film, finally being set off when his Christmas bonus gets delivered and instead of a check, it’s an enrollment in the Jelly of the Month Club. There’s a few outbursts along the way, of course, but they’re small and self-contained. Whenever things turn for the better, Clark is instantly willing to let all bygones be bygones, embracing anyone and everyone in his attempt to push the perfect Christmas through.
Boom. Wipe the sweat from your forehead, blood from your forearms, and tears from your eyes. You are now a Beast. Here’s your t-shirt.
Goldin’s not the only photographer like this; Mapplethorpe and Helmut Newton appeal to me on similar grounds, I think, although their works are more contrived and theatrical. Me, I’ve always tried to preserve things. Retained on my desktop, and copied over to this laptop, are all my files: E-mail archives, school projects, IM transcripts, everything. Some of the text documents I can’t read well any more on account of them being product of orphan technology (Corel WordPerfect, anyone?) or technology that’s been mysteriously updated without my knowing (what the help happened, Microsoft Works?). It’s all still there, all carefully preserved. And these are only my electronic documents: back home, Mom’s carefully archived everything, every project and paper, from Grade 1 on. Keeping all this stuff matters. I always knew that it mattered. The blogging started off as a way to keep track of things of note, first elements of my personal life then things in the outside word that interested me. I only fully understood why it mattered when I got know photographers here in Toronto, and I started to take photos myself in a pretty systematic way. The archiving, the writing, the photography: all of it’s an effort to try to preserve moments for recall at indefinite points in the feature, an effort to save the ephemeral and to be able to appreciate it later or (as is one’s wont) with other people. Mais où sont les neiges d’antan? My desire to save everything, myself, has a lot to do with my personal history. Without going into too many details, suffice it to say that most of my experiences were coloured by depression and isolation, and that my memory of those times is pretty fragmented, discontinuous. It really matters to me that I’ve got objective records of those times. It’s even more important to me that I keep records of everything following this time. The photo I reproduce above is one of the earliest photos I have, found on a disposable camera (one of several) that I got developed a few months ago and picked up only recently, a blessedly normal image of me with friends at a party where we were all enjoying ourselves. Where are my snows? They’re stored in high resolution in as many places and formats as I can store them. Now. That’s just my reaction to my past, my reason for preserving–and indexing, fear not, my hard drives and storage boxes are carefully honeycombed–as many artifacts relating to me as I can. How many people feel the same way about their pasts and their archives? How many institutions are driven by similar if unspoken urges? Why does the past matter so much? We’ve got rational reasons for all this, but I suspect that we have been discounting the irrational reasons for libraries and information storage systems of all kinds. I hope we haven’t been doing so to the detriment of all concerned.
Roll the pastry starting from the side that has the ingredients.
Ultimately, any market that doesn’t have a leader in simplicity soon will. And if your company doesn’t play that role, another will lead the charge.
- Happily accept a Jew-distorted, perverse, dirty, pornographic, and thoroughly negrified popular culture (TV, movies, music, advertising, pop art); adopt negro language and dress.
“Go if you want yeah, just ping me if anything happens yeah, us girls will come”
People live or die and thousands of lives are indelibly altered based on decisions about where to drive today, when to have sex, who to discuss these things with and whether to buy that pair of BCBG shoes. It's always those tiniest of choices that hindsight allows you to see as pivotal moments.
Karel Griessel was taken by helicopter to the Netcare Milpark hospital in Johannesburg, where he's in a serious but stable condition.
But theological tolerance (a.k.a. religious pluralism) is different, going beyond civility amongst differing opinions and insisting that all religions are basically the same. Theological tolerance attempts to make an objective claim based on the forced assumption that every person’s theology is subjective and personal (except for the person making the claim, if you follow that line of logic). One common analogy for this idea is that of a large mountain with many paths to the peak, the point being that while the paths may be different, they all get you to the top, i.e. to God.
A large assortment of family and friends came in the Critical Care waiting room. I was more or less in shock and don’t remember the whole evening. There were 2 code blues during this time—both were for Duke. They found blood clots in both of his legs and gave him medicine to clear them out. I knew this was bad because he just had 2 rounds of chemo on Monday and Tuesday; so his blood was thin already. They had to clear the clots and he might hemorrhage to death. His kidneys were failing also. My poor sweet precious love was dying right in front of me!
- She’s different in sound, look, and statement
where my seeing fails,
I have never been what you'd call a crying man... I wish I had been emotionally blocked, after all... Because everything that followed--every terrible thing--flowed from those tears.
We all know that life gets hectic and a feeling of being overwhelmed can happen quickly. But it is at times like these that we need to take a moment to focus on the people and things you are grateful for in life. Because being thankful gives you perspective on your situation and shows you what is really important.
Shortly after the Federal Circuit held business methods patentable in 1998, the PTO was inundated with business method patent applications. Most of those applications went to class 705. Indeed, by 2001 class 705 had the largest application volume. In response to this flood, the PTO initiated a specific “quality control” measure in this class in March 2000: the “second pair of eyes” review (SPER), under which applications are subjected to mandatory assessment by more than one examiner before being allowed. (Allison & Hunter, 2006). Requiring two examiners to agree seems to have had a dramatic effect: a 2009 study found that class 705 has the lowest grant rate among high volume classes. (Lemley & Sampat, 2008). One possible explanation for the low grant rate in this class is that the second pair of eyes is working, and that the grant rate reflects better rigor during examinations, rather than application volume. The fact that SPER leads to more rejections in Class 705 doesn’t mean it is an unalloyed success . . . Interestingly, the PTO recently shut down the SPER program in business methods. Too much success, it seems, carries its own risks. Changing Examiner Incentives:
Now, the thing you need to know about this process, is that it does cause change. So, if you don’t want to change anything about the way you are, don’t do it! (Good luck with that, by the way!) Everyone on this planet is currently subjected to energies promoting great change, so resist as much as you can, but change is immanent.
I was kind of out of the blogging realm last week since most of my days were spent in my pajamas, caring for a sick little bug. We watched her favorite shows, cuddled, slept (she took two naps each day, yay for me!), and not a lot more than that. In fact, I don't think I left the house once between Tuesday and Friday afternoon.
09 Sabbat
We all live in a system where maximizing of economy is god. I don’t think anyone really likes it. Because it is not charming. At all. But we are all trapped in it. Concious or unconcious.
I created a Card & Gift Box set.
“Gee – I was thinking about Grumpy the other day and you know what I realised?”
Miniature Library Furniture made from library catalogue cards - $20-$35
Little Heinrich (2) and Rikus (3) were with their father when he was stopped by the traffic "officers" at a t-junction. "I have never in my life been so humiliated and afraid for my life. Fearing the very people who were 'appointed to protect the public'..." he said.
(Revelation of Jesus as Christ the Savior to Simeon and to all people)
Baker Street is another one of Sydney's classic hidden secrets. From the outside it looks like a simple coffee shop set-up in a converted terrace, but step inside and owner Juan Duret's display cabinet beckons with a raft of traditional Argentinian treats.
8:30pm: Make lunches, do dishes, clean counters
:: 49ers Game :: Through his work, Lem was able to get us tickets to San Francisco 49ers game. This was our first NFL game and it was a good one. 49ers have a losing record this year but we were able to go to one of the few games they actually won.
Most recently, Polly and Pip have begun to sing the different character themes even when the music is not playing. They do this mostly when they are bored or want to add some noise to a quiet moment. Pip has a good handle on the basic rhythms and tone changes involved in the themes for Peter, the wolf, and grandfather. He also knows snippets from the action scenes like when Peter and the bird work together to lasso the wolf. Polly knows the wolf fairly well and can follow Pip’s lead on the other bits.
Albert Schweitzer’s quotation reminds us that we both get and give value to others. Schweitzer inspired many people to explore their worlds and talents, and to grow and serve humanity. But I think here he is thanking those people who inspired him. I wonder if they knew who how much they helped him?
Movado, Making the Most of Style and Design
Before YUGA, I only thought about helping and never actually took action. Although I had always been very interested in global affairs, I felt I was too young to really make a difference. Clearly I was wrong though. When I finally decided to get involved, I founded my own YUGA chapter at my high school with a friend, and immediately I felt like I could actually make an impact. I learned a lot about many relevant issues that are happening in the world today, and I really started to feel personally responsible for helping to create the positive change that’s needed. I no longer felt that I wanted to make a difference in the future; I decided that I wanted to make a difference right now- and with YUGA I could.
For the Night Portion of our date, Ben shows up with a bow tie and wrinkled jacket and looks like a middle school English teacher. I guess he forgot to bring his Grown Up Clothes on this trip. Over dinner, they talk about how hard it was for Lindzi to open up and also apparently how hard it continues to be for her to run a comb through her fucking hair or put on some goddam makeup correctly. Lindz says she doesn't "normally" spend the night with someone right away, but fuck it, this is major network TV so let's bone down.
I have had countless emails sent to my inbox over the last couple of years asking when or if I would ever conduct a workshop, and as much as I LOVE teaching, the last couple of years have just been crazy. Like C.R.A.Z.Y. So much so that there really hasn't been a slice of time long enough for me to actually sit down and write the syllabus and plan the workshop that I've really wanted to launch :)
I may have to sneak my own clothes into the show. Wish me luck.
Here is another classic blue polish. Dating a Royal is one of my most favorite OPI's. It is a medium royal blue jelly crème that applies wonderfully in 2 coats. I really like the color because it is bright without being too attention-grabbing. Like a neutral blue, if there is such a thing!
Recently, the NUJP-Bulacan conducted a series of seminar for student journalists from different universities within the province. With the theme “End Impunity, Defend Press Freedom”, the said seminar commemorates the infamous Maguindanao Massacre, condemning the culture of impunity within the country.
coffee filters, or any other paper I can find.)
My wit says no to all your nods
The NLWA has stated at its recent exhibitions that kerb-side collection of kitchen waste would not go to Pinkham Way; the 'mechanical and biological treatment' (MBT) plant would only process black-bag waste. An organic waste stream would be one of its products, alongside incinerator-fuel, and some recycling.
There’s no use fighting it.
Here’s the sketch from Sketchy Thursdays. I did the photos a little different from the sketch to fit the photos I had on hand, but essentially the sketch and inspiration is there. This would also be really fun rotated!
Both sides have been at loggerhead for the past two months over who gets a bigger pie in the revenue generated at the box office. Before the tussle, the multiplexes commanded the bigger share in the box office revenues. They also had the final say on how many movie prints were required a Hindi film was released.
Ok, I’m off to learn how to dps as an operative. I use the pointy end of the vibroknife, right?
Richard Hermann Eschke
Some of us are still panting after that joke of peace, that mirage of peace, or that peaceful mirage. What have we gotten from this joke, from this lengthy process of negotiations, which fail and are resumed time and again? The negotiations are resumed under different names: “Indirect negotiations,” “direct negotiations,” “mediated negotiations,” “unmediated negotiations,” the “two-state solution,” “the Roadmap” – you name it. It is all utter nonsense. Only through resistance can we restore our rights.
10. Vintage beers will come to forefront (Finally). A new appreciation of aging and cellaring beer will start to catch hold.
I ran across Tohki at one point of harbor. Menethril, I believe. You remember her, yes? She is the one who set the garden on fire with her machine. She has been staying there for some time, though I did not quite understand what she was helping with. All that techno mumble jumbo went over my head as usual, though she was quite pleased to receive the order of food she requested from The Exodar, along with a new part. She ran off after she got that. I’m sure she was just really excited.
Anything more, and the confession would alienate true believers who happen to be modernist/postmodernist in the way they think. Anything less — though I fear it may already be too much “less” for some — and it would alienate true believers who happen to be traditionalist in the way they think.
Now though, Uncle Howard only came by once a week or so. Usually he would get off early and come play with Jack in the backyard before Pops came home from work, searching in the edge of the forest or at the back where the creek turns and runs down between the backyards of the houses, for whatever little prizes they could find, or relics, as they called them. But now he always had a reason to leave just before Pops would come in the door. Maybe once a month or so, Uncle Howard would bring a movie for the three of us to watch in the afternoon. Then when Pops would get home, we would all go out for dinner, but Uncle Howard always took his own car and usually they would end up mad about something, anything and he would leave to go home before we were done with dinner.
Arthur Opp, a college professor who slowly, painfully, removes himself from society, eating himself up to a hefty 550 pounds, a weight that effectively inhibits his ability to leave his home. His only connection with the outside world is the correspondence that he's been sharing over the years with a former student, Charlene Turner. In his letters Arthur invents a fantasy life for himself, the life he should have had, teaching, socializing, and traveling.
Probably most of the content online is not journalism. Yes, it was written by someone, but who? We can get an idea from a recent segment on the ABC's Media Watch, which was about the Australian Football League (the AFL) and its move into producing its own content for its own website. The AFL has hired 40 journalists to do this. They're being paid by the body whose sport they cover, to cover that sport. They're not independent. In fact, they're not strictly journalists at all. They're PR agents.
To this day, despite the sea change in cooking that has made many seventies recipes seem both pedestrian and unhealthy, I still make a few of my mom’s best recipes from my childhood. Off the top of my head:
Jack still doesn't completely comprehend what is going on. Kate will wait for him inside for when he's ready to leave.
I’ve never thought of myself as a creative person. I don’t have any super-cool special talent. I can’t sing (unless I want to kill people)…I can’t play an instrument (unless the recorder in elementary school counts) and well, THIS is an example of my best artwork…
This season I have spent more time in the Northern Premier League Division One South than the Championship and it has been a real pleasure. Carlton Town with an average gate of around 100 are fighting for promotion. Ilkeston FC have risen from the ashes of Ilkeston Town, a club with family ties for me. Sheffield FC, the oldest club in the world, Grantham Town, where Martin O’Neill and John Robertson first cut their teeth in management, Hucknall Town with former Forest full back Des Lyttle in charge as they try to make the pennies add up.
If a mom's thoughts and ideas are bigger and better than her child's, and she's adamant about them and loud about them, and possibly annoying about them, the child, like the one in this story, might just tune mom out and nod in agreement to get her to just STOP talking already! That poor mom. I have sympathy for her, really. She really believed that her daughter agreed with everything she said, she really felt like she had wonderful heart to heart conversations with her daughter and that they were in wonderful harmonious agreement. What a shock to find out that her child ran away from her wonderful home full of harmony and agreement.
(So if we go to Gautham Tirtha in Brahma Giri and do one good deed there, the good luck or punyam from that, would last for ever.)
Cooties are caught by associating with family members or members of the opposite sex. Research has revealed that bunny rabbits are responsible for this as are undocumented side-affects of over zealous females seeking furry critters with bushy tails.
The second crew are from down South, miles away from my home town. So, I was even more surprised to hear the "Hey there, Mr RRD!" from this crew. The para used to be from my patch, but moved about 3 years ago. The Team look on in awe; this new Trauma Team Leader knows EVERYONE!!
(541): If you made a robot out of pillows would it be nice? It’s hard to imagine a mean pillow robot. And who came up with the idea of shaving their legs?
Thanks ever so muchly – we really do appreciate
"What about the garbage?"
artfully yours, gerri
The laughter's vanished from my life!
Blacking out big screens, PC monitors,
B23
I did a podcast with Ian Parker-Joseph fairly recently. f you wish to listen to his thoughts on Liberty – listen here
How about you? What's interrupting your reading?
Micha and I went to Florida to do the flowers for a party back in November. The flower photos will come later (maybe January?) when we all need them the most. For now, we can talk about the 5 days after the event when we drove our rental car through the southern most reaches of the state. It was nearly 85 degrees, and we walked along the ocean at night and wore sunscreen and swatted bugs. We saw swamps, lizards and palm trees. We traveled through West Palm Beach, Fort Lauderdale, Miami Beach, The Everglades and the Keys. I forgot about fall.
Discerning the meaning of
I spotted at least three facebook message crying foul over these plans, but I for one think the time has come to ax it.
Anyways, he had a good run… he’ll get a show, and he’ll exhauset the TV circuit with his new moves and ‘passion for dance’.
People are good. Friendship matters.
Part of this could be my Dad used to work in an institute - I've never asked details but it usually comes up when somebody on the radio suggests legalising cannabis; you'll hear him say something along the lines of 'they wouldn't say it doesn't do any harm if they'd seen what I've seen'. Whilst a valid view point, I'm sure someone who had never tried alcohol worked with full blown alcoholics they might have a similar point of view.
As an example, for a measured signal of -80dBm the antenna is producing a terminated voltage of +27dBuV and it generates this voltage from a field strength of +28dBuV/m. (Which is 24.1uV/m)
Did Muhammad Exist? is essentially one big hoisting of Islam by its own petard. A religion that purports to be “revealed,” and perfect and unchanging from its inception, has a serious burden of proof; but as Spencer shows, Islam fails to supply that proof.
1 - You go through 9 diapers a day
Based in Kilkenny, Seamus Dunne owns Kilkenny Electrical Wholesale Limited, the company he established 36 years ago. Born on May 21, 1951, Dunne is not from a racing or a horse background but recalls his childhood when he would give his father money to place a bet on the Grand National. He is an enthusiastic owner and it is his long held dream to win the great race. He has always had an interest in animals and before buying his first horse – Vic Venturi – in 2004 he invested in keeping gun dogs. He now has about 10 horses in training, split between jump racing and the Flat. Alongside Vic Venturi’s notable successes, Dunne’s black colours with yellow diamonds have been carried to big race victory by the classy five-time winning mare Shirley Casper and Roberto Goldback. The Dessie Hughes-trained Shirley Casper landed a Grade Two bumper for Dunne as well as a Grade Three hurdle. Roberto Goldback was a high- class novice hurdler, defeating no less a horse than Weapon’s Amnesty, and landed the Grade Two MCR Novice Chase at Leopardstown in January, 2010. The chaser has also been placed in three Grade Ones including at Leopardstown this season when he was second in the Irish Hennessy in February. John Smith’s Grand National record: 2010 Vic Venturi (UR 20th); 2011 Vic Venturi (BD 2nd)
8. Under the Apricot Tree—This is a blog many people wouldn’t expect me to like, but I love it! More specifically, I love her writing style, which is soothing and poetic and seems to come out almost effortlessly from her fingers. She blogs about her experiences as a new mother on a small farm and all the joys and struggles that come with both.
But, robbed of our Master, all of this suddenly becomes insubstantial,
Used a photo we took in the mausoleum at Beechwood Cemetery on the left and am still pondering what to do on the right. It will be a 'Table of Contents', so I can list the prompts in the order they were art-ed in since I expect we'll be jumping around a bit. Haven't white paint prepped it yet because I maaaay just glue a lined sheet in to keep it neat...
So if you thought you entered and wondered why none of the DT have been round to visit you, chances are your entry did not register with Mr Linky so you will need to do it again.
3 resumed
The drive to New Haven, CT from Salem was just shy of 3 hours. I don't know why I scheduled everything the way I did...but I had beds waiting for me at the times that I did, so I just swallowed the fact that I had to back track a little.....
The Art of Brewing - $40
you know it’s taken us one whole year,
I have heard that verse so many times that sometimes it loses it's effectivness. That is until I'm thinking about explaining it to my 3 year old students. Who do you love? Your spouse? Your children? Your friends? Now look at the verse again. What a great reminder from God's word what our love should look and feel like. I want to put this verse up somewhere in our home so I can focus on it everyday.
we live among roses,
Given that Lance Spearman and Fearless Fang came out of the Drum magazine stable with its base in South Africa and branches in Kenya, Nigeria and elsewhere I have a hunch that the actor who was my Lance Spearman boyhood hero was probably a South African- that is if he wasn’t Nigerian.
1/2 yellow bell pepper and 1/2 red bell pepper, seeded and cut into skinny, 1-inch strips
Yes, this was a very Eat Pray Love moment for me but what is life if not a collection of little rituals we complete to make ourselves feel better (Aside from maybe brushing your teeth what does the rest really do) and I had gotten so stuck in a little funk about this I needed something big to shake it from my system. (In case you can't tell, I'm very into metaphorical change). I still feel sad for my losses and hurt I have created, but at least I now know it's out there in the world and not just buried in my heart.
The Cult of Skaro were at first just four ordinary Daleks. Dalek Sec was a commander of a Dalek group sent to wipe out the remnants of the Mechanoids which they succeeded in doing. After doing this all four of them were ordered by the Dalek Emperor to return to him. They arrived and were promoted to become the Cult of Skaro. They were then given their names and Dalek Sec was elected as their leader
So i acted normal and didnt pay attention even when they were sending drinks over etc.
THINGS WILL GET BETTER.
She squeezed the hand of this burly, compassionate man she loved as a brother. The media had tried hard to make something more of their relationship, daring to suggest that Ben might stray from the wife he adored.
Chicken Tacos
Very funny, Becky.
In normal times, the officials who uncovered the intelligence that led us to Osama bin Laden would get a medal. In the Obama administration, they have been given subpoenas.
When buying or selling your home, take care in choosing a qualified real estate agent. Selling real estate is important, and there is a lot of money involved. Your agent should be trustworthy and know his business well. An agent with a good reputation and solid credentials will help you navigate the process more smoothly, as well as demystify it for you while keeping your best interests at heart.
Safari Park. This one was highly recommended, but we found it to be much less exciting than the zoo. We hiked about 20 minutes to see the tiger enclosure. We did see one tiger - a great find for Grace. He was far away, so we paid to use the telescope which did make it much better. Still, he wasn't close enough for a picture.
Mathew Bolton
Post 68 of 180
With the fictional "Tomania" and "Bacteria" standing in for Germany and Italy, respectively, The Great Dictator follows the dual lives of Tomania's maniacal dictator, Adenoid Hynkel (Charlie Chaplin), and a Jewish barber (Charlie Chaplin, again) living in a Tomanian (or should we say Tomaniac?) ghetto. Beginning in World War I, the unnamed barber - a bumbling klutz of a soldier - manages to save a Tomanian pilot, Schultz (Reginald Gardiner). After some clowning around and a plane crash, the barber suffers memory loss and spends most of the interwar period in a hospital. When he returns, he finds his neighborhood radically different: it's now a violent, volatile ghetto where stormtroopers regularly harass shopowners and families, threatening them with concentration camps.
By the spring of 2007, I was giving dire warnings to my readers about the economy. On March 22, 2007, I sent this e-mail dispatch to my readers:
take your mouse and click on the bathing suit-clad girl
1) Begin with one bare window.
-4 kinds of tomatoes
CrazyAxMurderer: I only chop-up children and the occasional blue collar worker.
Now all I need to do is work on the plot. Any ideas and further inspiration would be welcome.
Hello sweethearts! I hope everyone had a nice Valentine’s Day. I’ve had an ever changing affection for Valentine’s Day every since I can remember. In high school, when I was single and when Valentines was like, the biggest deal ever, I hated it!! Then I got a boyfriend and it was cute and fun and exciting. Then I got a husband and it was still cute and fun but nothing to go crazy over. We’re way too mature for that you know. Cue Facebook on Feb 14, 2011 and it was a montage of people’s pictures of flowers, gifts, chocolates, balloons, surprises, etc, etc, etc. While my husband and I always do a nice dinner at home or bring out some bubbly or bake some heart shaped cookies or something different than a regular night, I wouldn’t exactly say we go crazy and celebrate. I can’t remember the last time we went to a restaurant for the holiday. It’s just too hectic. But after the Facebook montage last year, I remember telling my hubby that next year I wanted the oversized stuffed animal, chocolates (which I likely won’t eat because I’m not into sweets), jewelry I don’t need, expensive flowers delivered to my work, a card with a beautiful hand written message and so forth! I think my exact words were “Some of that first-year-together, still-trying-to-impress-me type of crap”.
Millie a hug. I only turned and looked at them once as I walked back to the
120Those still at least are left thee to bestow.
No one is immune to feelings of despair. The Psalms express
In another demo, Apple’s Roger Rosner showed off textbooks for the iPad that allow students to zoom in on pictures of cells, dissect digital frogs and make notes and highlights on the e-book pages.
31. The country has approximately 167.5 people living per square mile.
It should not be controversial in the least that politicians should expect rebuke when threatening physical violence against our citizens simply for existing. When an elected state Representative declares publicly his plans for violently attacking certain types of Tennessee residents because of his own discomfort with how they are, that should be an obvious target for disapproval, from either side of the aisle… all people deserve to be free of threats of violence from the people who are expected to represent them.
Last year on our way back from Texas we planned to stop by Fall Creek Falls State Park here in Tennessee. We would be going there on April 21, the anniversary of our date (and first kiss) at Fall Creek Falls.
Step Ten: Now you wait for ZVS to send your passport all over to embassies and hopefully they will send it back to you. I personally chose to have personal pickup for my passport, that way I will not have to worry about waiting for mailing.
Stillness is possible, of course, and the Psalmist implies that such stillness only arrives in the context of a relationship with God. But knowing God — acknowledging and submitting to God’s power and authority — is at least as hard, in our culture, as attempting to be still. For me, the difficulties start with doubt. I’ve been a Christian for decades, and yet questions and fears line up outside the door of my mind, and the less time I spend being still in God’s presence, the more space those questions and fears consume. But part of the point of Psalm 46 is to say that even when the world is literally falling apart all around us, even then, God is God.
Around October (beer festival season) the Germans like to broadcast Bavarian variety shows, with everyone dressed up in tracht, lots of beerkeller orchestras and singing of songs like "Jawohl, jawohl, ich liebe Alkohol".
There was a drum fire at the edge of the lawn, overlooking the valley, which was the perfect place to sit around and roast marshmallows while watching the colours of the sunset...... ...... those marshmallows tasted great, toasted over the fire of gumtree twigs.The lawn was also a great place for ball games, and with no internet connection or mobile phone signal to distract him, even Dragon joined in the fun! What a beautiful place, too, for a game of totem tennis - everyone had many turns on our new set.Possum was given a couple days off work and, after Nanna and Grandad had gone home, she came up to enjoy the beauty of Mudaridge. She thought the wide, lush green lawn was a wonderful spot to get away from her annoying parents and do a bit of sunbathing. The cottage was well equipped with books and games. HB and Dragon enjoyed playing Air Hockey and Table Soccer. (Dragon did not enjoy trying to teach his little sisters how to play!)The Gloucester River was a beautiful place to use boogie boards ......... and the goggles came in handy too. The water was quite clear, even if there wasn't much to see except the never-ending rocks on the bottom.This lovely, long, waist-deep stretch of river was perfect for exploring, swimming, snorkeling, or just floating around like Teddy is in this photo.HB took advantage of the fact that the gravel road from the house to the river was all contained on private property and let the girls each have a turn at steering the Landcruiser. They thought they were very clever to be "driving" the car.
Of course, guests were ecstatic at the fresh new recipes, flavors and all good things that I now forget. The caterer has even suggested making me a business partner. But to me this event underscored one point, which I strive to achieve almost persistently. Modesty works, and nowhere better that with food :) And a small town caterer, a village cook and a fancy blogger got together to make a phenomenal wedding menu.
(except the purple felt....hence the $.33), elastic for the ears and stuffing for the belly/ears. Super quick and easy to make! I sewed the rainbow on the white felt, then placed some batting under it and sewed it on the onesie. I even sewed a little heart on the booty. So adorable! It turned out so cute. For the ears, I cut out four pieces of felt, sewed on some pink for the inside of the ears, stuffed them with a little stuffing and then sewed the ears onto the elastic. To my surprise she actually kept the ears on!
2. Cursing people? I know that at times attendants or other employees can be irritating especially when we don’t meet them halfway. I think cursing can be avoided, it’s degrading, demoralizing, and just plain stupid. Maybe it’s ‘her’ being the actress that pushed her to do some stuff.
Afghanistan has been invaded many times since the days of Alexander the Great and the results have always been a disaster for those who did. Next door is Pakistan which like so many nations in the Middle East has never done anything but take our military and economic aid, and betray us at every opportunity. Egypt’s new leaders are getting ready to throw us overboard.
(this list is way too long and if they've been reviewed I didn't label them correctly!)
Sifted by
For me, punk rock is the heart and soul inside of me, metaphorically, artistically,
I got an email from a friend of ours tonight ... I had suggested that she look into using our agency and so she contacted them only to find out that they no longer are accepting applicants from outside of the area. They told her that she could use the agency that is located closer to where we live. ummm hi we haven't been with them for very long, so we just made the cut! Annnnd it just so happens that our bmom lives in Pensacola too. So crazy. So God. ah... chills.
Have fun visiting.
Browar Okocim S.A. (Carlsberg) O.K. Beer
3 dashes absinthe
There's really nothing bad to say about NailPolishDirect, they have competitive prices if we consider their English brands and the shipping cost; obviously, if you want to buy American polishes it will be a lot more expensive (O.P.I. polishes are £10,50, Essie are £9,95, China Glaze are £5,95), so I wouldn't recommend to buy them here.
The secret to a truly successful job interview? Getting a job that you actually enjoy doing, or at the very least one that doesn’t make you look forward to Zombie Apocalypse.
When Cummings finally arrived in Salt Lake on this day in 1858, the city was nearly deserted. Young peacefully relinquished the governorship and all of his other governmental roles, agreeing to become solely the spiritual leader of Utah Mormons. In exchange, Buchanan gave all Utah residents a blanket pardon for any involvement in the conflict. Several months later, two brigades of American soldiers established Camp Floyd south of Salt Lake City, the largest garrison in the nation until the Civil War.
definitely the best recipe for them that i have come across.
So, we layered 2 coats of Martha's pure white
But it didn’t stop, and the process continued with worse pain for Jesus.
Getting to like you,
A week ago, we adopted a puppy to replace our old dog who passed away. I was nervous about having a puppy, but she has been exceptionally good…so far. Read below to check out what she thinks of her new home.
Swirls & Flowers ... Marianne Designs Dies
this was about their 9th song in 13 song setlist, i dont have the rest of the concert but i can tell you that set was in this order
But, Aren’t We All Slaves to Nature?
"You look after yourself and little Moon OK?"
It has been ages since I had a chance to do a My Favorite Things Sketch Challenge (MFTWSC69) as I've been busy with design team projects.....and life! I used Inspired by Lighthouses for this card. Although there wasn't a lot of Copic coloring on this one, I have to admit what you see was my second effort. I first had the night sky in shades of blue and frankly totally messed up on the dark to light direction. When I colored the second one I not only corrected the light source but also decided to use gray instead as it could represent fog as well as night.
Long braids flying, dark eyes flashing, they danced and
All submissions will be posted to The Scrap Our Stash blog and on May 31st a winner will be chosen, and given the opportunity to be a Guest Design Team Member for the month of July. This challenge ends at midnight central time on May 31st.
Politics
inspire our stewardship,
What determines whether the US Empire will have a collaborative or conflict-ridden relation with Islam depends on the specific political context. The US allies with Islamists when faced with nationalist, leftist and secular democratic regimes and movements, especially where their optimal choice, a military-neo-liberal alternative is relatively weak. However, faced with a nationalist, anti-colonial Islamist regime (as is the case of the Islamic Republic of Iran), Washington will side with pro-western liberals, dissident Muslim clerics, pliable tribal chiefs, separatist ethnic minorities and pro-Western generals.”
Above: I thought when I first looked at this that it was a Chinese painting; it could so easily be! But it's not. It's Saint-Baume, a place of Christian pilgrimage in France.
So there you have it, auction day June 19, settlement on house 16 July. People tell us that this is very fast in regards to house buying, well all I know is it sure didn't feel like that!
The following statement suggests a huge growth in demand, due to growing need for protection. In stead of crime having decreased, the growth in the need for protection by security suggests a huge increase in crime.
In middle grade and young adult literature, we often expect the unresolved action at the end of the first book to pique our curiosity for the second.
10. Do you sleep with the TV on?
Down by the ferry lit by torches, hastening the embarcation;
Howdy Ghost Fans…
She said the deceased arrived in South Africa on Wednesday to be with his son, who had turned 18 on Thursday.
This morning I asked if he had a good nights sleep, and he said 'yes, I was very tired'.
His dad folded his newspaper and put it on the table. ‘Can you swim?’ he said.
So, is SoBo the meanest café in Ireland? We tried, but were unable, to get a response to this from the company behind it, Sanrex Pearse Trading.
That’s why you shouldn’t take yourself too seriously. You’ll never be satisfied if you do, because disputes really don’t matter that much. We’re all going to die in the end.
Level 1: Recovers 10 HP and 3 MP every 4 seconds.
D In the order in which the hare tells the events to another animal
I started by tracing the old stockings onto the burlap and cutting them out
Concerns about adoption
wonderful creations! Somethimes I am really overwhelmed by their beauty
Most of the time, I would be in line with what is considered right wing--except that I think government ought not be involved pro or con in matters like abortion, marriage, or internal affairs of other lunatic states in the world.
Merry Christmas xx
When talking about the weakness of feminist is a gender-based approach to understanding visual culture is reductive. I randomly looked into 5 male and 5 female’s collections. There seems to be no big difference in quantity. But very “gender-biased” is the content, even under the same category they might have totally different pictures. For example, under “Travelling”, female users usually have pictures of flowers, landscape, but rarely boats; under “Architectures”, rarely do they post high-tech buildings as some guys do. It does appear to me gender-based understanding is reductive, because the filter of a woman’s eyes might keep the softer, more emotional staff, while the guy’s might retain the harder, more rational things. However, I don’t think it’s a weakness. Actually different individuals, groups, organizations, classes, should have distinct understanding towards the same thing. Feminist might look at the subject from a cultural perspective while scientist are studying the scientific formation or structure. It is such and such reductive understanding that come together to make it more holistic.
and while the day crawled,
Here you go with some of my favorite pictures from today.
From the cover: Tens of thousands of motorists have benefited from S. C. H. Daviss Car Driving As An Art since it was published in the last decade. There are perhaps three main reasons for the books great success. First, while many books have been written to explain the comparatively simple business of driving a car, this book teaches roadcraft the higher art of proficient and well-mannered motoring. Secondly, its vivid, readable and even light-hearted style makes instruction not merely profitable, but positively pleasurable. And finally, Sammy Daviss outstanding experience in rallies, in trials and on the race-track and his unrivalled enthusiasm establish him as the ideal instructor for the learner and for the more advanced driver alike.
Lewis Freeman, Fordham University. The City as Children’s Classroom: What Children Have to Teach Us About Cities
As far as we know, there will be no more public hearings on Atlantic Yards; therefore, this should be considered the community’s chance to tell ESDC and Ratner:
Jason Rutcofsky
Preheat oven to 180 degrees Celsius/350 degrees Fahrenheit. Heat olive oil in a large skillet over medium-high heat and saute the pancetta, onion and mushrooms. Season with sea salt and black pepper. Add the spinach and toss until just wilted. Divide the sauteed mixture between the ramekins and form a small well in each. Crack eggs directly into well and season with salt and pepper. Top with grated Gruyere and bake in oven until the whites of the egg turn white and the yolk still trembles. Serve with toasted slices of baguette, for dunking. If you like, you can prepare the sauteed mixture ahead of time and simple reheat in a fry pan on the day for a speedy brunch option.
Making me finally cut; the bleeding runs
inferences
I think it is best we didn't know the challenges we would face. The growing pains.
Jane Bentley, Community Musician, responded to the award: “Buddy Beat was initially set up as a social inclusion project –– and you can’t get more inclusive than winning a national arts award! It’s a real testament to the tenacity and enthusiasm of the group members, who funded the film project by their own efforts, as well as developing the courage to tell their own stories.”
I have lost my will to live. Which saint can I request intervention concerning the sin of despair?
PIYO: That is bound to be the case, putar.
Finally, the whole obsession with QE may be a bit misplaced. Bernanke has stated publicy that he opposes efforts to create more inflation, or to inflate our way out of our predicament. One could argue that his actions will still create inflation anyway, but so far that has not happened as all the excess liquidity the Fed has created has stayed on bank balance sheets and in the accounts of very wealthy people.
Hats luverly hats!
After some lunch, the boys went down for naps just a little while ago. I generally keep my rule of "no cleaning during ME time", but for some reason I got the idea to take out all my frustration and anger on the bathrooms. Thursday is bathroom day on the chore chart, so I might as well get it over with while I'm already mad, rather than do it during happy times, right? The harder I scrubbed the less terrible I felt.
Unblemished sacrificial lambs killed and eaten, meal participants clad for a journey, firstborns in peril of death, lamb’s blood smeared on doorposts and lintels, the destroyer’s slaying of those who weren’t under the blood—these were the strange and intriguing ingredients to the foretelling of the coming Messiah. The bloody illustration was given as God brought his chosen people into freedom from slavery—a four-hundred-year captivity. Hard-hearted Pharaoh’s breaking point was the death of all the firstborn in Egypt, all those not covered by the lamb’s blood.
I also have a gothic lolita in here too. I really like her facial structure ahah. It's fun to draw. She'll look more beat up in the comic. These are all just preliminary sketches of each character.
Dispel Magic (Abjuration)
The kids are participating in First Lego League competition... and need SPONSORS...
Stadium - Fine architectural structure in good nick
I always use the breakfast room table whenever we have small gatherings. It's just much more
Then I saw this. Be still my beating heart! An imperial trellis stenciled wall. Pearlescent white on white. Subtle, but oh so fabulous. I obsessed day and night over this photo and decided that if, against my better judgment, I was going to take this on, it would only be on the window wall and the door wall, not the walls that will be covered with clothes (duh). Of course those also happen to be the trickier walls because of all those arch angles against the ceiling.
The children, restless and distracted in their school work, wiggle in their seats, eyes shining as they gaze out the window.
