But this year I plan to change all that. I will still have to forgo the fireworks on the Fourth itself, and do without the ridiculous head attire, but by God I shall celebrate no less enthusiastically than my compatriots back home!
- Cocco collection patterned papers
of pituitary cases trying to stuff the
I mention that, only so I can tell the following story. On Wednesday, the news included a story about the passing of “60 Minutes” reporter Ed Bradley. The story mentioned the fact that Ed Bradley was black, which I was unaware of, though I knew who he was for many years.
I use Attic24's granny pattern, and chose 3 colors, white, light blue and dark blue ... and ta-dam!!! I have 6 blocks!!
"Write what you know" is for sissies.
hence legal certainty by preventing arbitrariness as set out in G 3/08. Furhter, the board notes:
Note that another way must be around you.
Prohibition agains pictures
Next I have to say that I think this was the MOST well-put-together retreat I have EVER been to! The Created For Care team was amazing! Throughout the whole weekend there were tables set up to sell items supporting and representing many adoption and orphan-care organizations.
But he pointed to my right.
Raum, or Belinus as Alys calls him, is a crow-headed demon with blood-red feathers and even the local alchemist can't circumscribe or dispel him. There is a thrilling return of another character at the end and promise of much to come in the next book.
- Salsa y chips
Upon picking up the mail I discover that despite the fact that I moved out of the great state of Texas three years ago they have not forgotten me. No, I have over $200 in fees for driving on toll roads. WHAT THE HECK!? I inform my sympathetic husband. They were HIS charges after all. HE was the one commuting. He shrugs.
All these memories of Sardinia came rushing back when Fiona came home the other day with a bottle of Ichnusa, a beer from that ill-fated isle. Where she finds these things in Brussels, I don’t know.
Happy New Year! Congratulate yourself, we’ve made it to see yet another year. That’s the way I look at things. I do hope yours, as well as mine, is an especially good one. I’m thinkin’ it will be. And it’s good to know that truly… the best things in life are free.
There was a salsa lesson. I made an attempt, but my belly proves to make me a little off kilter and the 'swinging of my Cuban hips' (yes, that's what the girl said in the video) was a little challenging. So, you see me sitting as I watched the video and my church ladies swing what the good Lord gave them.
Because American workers get paid so much, many businesses are outsourcing labor or moving overseas. If we want to compete, we are going to have to lower the minimum wage below the levels in countries such as China and India, whose economies are booming. In parts of China, for example, the minimum wage is about 20 cents an hour. In some states in India, the minimum wage is about 10 cents an hour. If we want to stop hemorrhaging jobs to these countries, we are going to have to undercut those rates.
Another publisher made the following excuse:
Could there be a book that is more perfect for me? I feel like it was written for me personally!
“But now that that nonsense hour has passed, I advocate my fellow humans around the world, all 7 billion of us, to go back to being the selfish assholes we’ve been the rest of the year. Spend energy and all the resources like they aint’ never gonna deplete — after all, Earth is a big-ass planet. There’s more than enough to go around. In fact, I’m getting the tusk AND an endangered tiger penis. I hear it’s good for health. Checkout counter girl asks me ‘Paper or plastic’ at the supermarket? Give me paper AND plastic! And triple-bag it, biotch!
It might be strange that I should complain about this…I am a taxonomist after all, and this is the taxonomist’s calling: to name things. This Andrena, that Bombus, this Vanessa, that Papilio. I have 40,000 insect specimens in scintillation vials of 75% ethanol, neatly sorted, labelled, and classified.
26. Janey And The Ravemen-Stay Away From Boys (Soundflat)
Then, I collected all my makeup and skin care stuff and laid them out on the washer so I can take a picture for inventory's sake.
Steven is obsessed with physics and has maintained a straight A average since he started the third grade as a five year old. The one aspect of physics that draws him off the normal beaten path into the twilight zone of oddity is the principle of entropy. He sees entrophy at work around him. Things that were once new and pristine slowly degenerate into a chaos if left to themselves without outside interference. New becomes old. Order leads to disorder. Beauty fades to the ravages of age. Steven is determined to do battle with entropy. He monitors his physical appearance several times each day. All imperfections are removed to the best of his ability. Steven wraps everything he owns in the hopes of keeping it as new as possible. Such dedication to discipline impressed the Bickwell jurors, thus leading to his receiving the award.
As some people may know and others very likely not, i'm currently undertaking a degree cource in a Food and Nutrition degree. The reason partially for this is due to my increasing interest in the industry side of food and drink and lack of interest in the clinical side of nutrition which i have looked into in the past. What a lecturer has reminded me of however was the brewery science course at Nottingham uni as a post graduate course available to anyone with a degree in the chosen area and with at least a 2/2 as an over all result of which i'm hoping to surpass. If anyone else has been on/currently on or thinking to go on this course in the near future and has any beneficial information please get back to me by commenting on this post.
But yeah, when it was the time for me to make the ganache, I calculated everything in my head, although I probably shouldn't do that passed 10pm. That's when my brain just shuts down and refuse to work anymore. I guess the brain and the body demanded its rest when I was calculating the amount of chocolate versus heavy cream to make the ganache. The resulting ganache came out really runny and even after I refrigerated for 30minutes, it didn't improve (it was 1am at that time). So I pour the ganache onto the cake anyway, thinking that the large rectangular cake ring will hold it up, but little did I know that my cake ring failed on me for the first time. The ganache seeped in through every possible way and making its way out from the bottom of the cake ring. It was a nightmare, I tell ya. I almost cried and gave up, but then I would imagine Olivia will have no cake for her birthday, so I manned up (or womanned-up?) and continue. I wiped the ganache off of the table, cleaned up the floor where the ganache dripped, everything in the middle of the night and went to bed. The next day, I bought more ingredients to make ganache from the start, this time I knew what I did wrong the night before, I miscalculated the chocolate needed!
white chocolate disks
Cache-A is returning to the IBC Conference this year with two new archive appliances for digital film, broadcast and video professionals working with file-based workflows:
The passage set fourth below is taken from Harry Kalven, Jr., A Worthy Tradition: Freedom of Speech in America, edited by Jamie Kalven (New York: Harper & Row, 1988)
#wordstoliveby
I have a lot of plans this year, I always do. But I think we might succeed this year (see how I pulled Yen into it?) because we're going to have a 'catch up' summer. We've already put on a new roof, new insulation, new siding, gutted the addition and everything else in between. We're going to put a hold on the new garage, the new septic, the back deck and the front porch.
--Look up dearest..croaked Gustave...this is a grand moment in time..we are sitting in a cathedral of green..just you and I..and all is well in this world..
Welcome to the first challenge of 2012 here on Totally Papercrafts.
Note the clarity of understanding. We know that love is more than an attachment, warm affection, and even devotion. We now understand that love acts in a particular way, and is not necessarily tied to affection or emotion (though it can be).
To better understand shadows, keep these points in mind:
So the requirement that Nietzsche ‘diagnoses’ is in tension: on the one hand, someone must go to the oppressed and speak their language and stop them from revolting – but on the other hand, the ruling classes must retain a certain distance in order to preserve their psychic equilibrium. As he formulates it, there must be a doctor for the sick, but the healthy cannot play that role. Hence the need for doctors who are themselves sick – this is what Nietzsche identifies as the role of asceticism and of priests. But their ‘doctoring’ is not a way of healing the suffering – indeed, because their role is to dominate and control all suffering people, they are driven to spread and increase suffering as much as possible. What they offer is various forms of ointment that keep the suffering safe and prevent them from destroying each other or ‘the healthy’.
How will others view me? … Probably like a dead beat but fuck em, they don’t know me.
In "The New Marketing Frontier" (Law Technology News, April 2005), Danielle Rodier explains why the best attorneys don't just sit around, and wait for an existing client to pick up the phone to ask for help. Instead, they take advantage of innovative technology to proactively protect clients from crises â€” which in many cases, can generate billable hours:
We have completely unpacked and organized the kitchen and pantry (oy), the master closet, master bath, kids' closet, kids' shared bedroom, and JP's office space. In the midst of that we had an appliance delivery (fridge, washer, dryer- they're so pretty! and you can't even see the scratches and dents that saved me over $1,000 on them), a long visit with our contractor (because we now have a longer list of projects, including a demo of our laundry room due to a water leak and newly molded walls), a visit from a friendly neighbor, a trip to Lowe's, and two trips out for food at delicious local restaurants (living so close to a university is awesome- we walked to dinner!). We also entertained the kids and kept them alive and unharmed while we unpacked (and met with the contractor, etc.). I'm exhausted, but I'm pretty darn proud of ourselves.
It’s hard for Jeremy’s self esteem to have these problems. He’s gotten in issue nearly every singular day at school. He’s come home many times saying, “I’m a bad kid, I’m a bad kid”, which positively rips out my heart! The theory of putting their “apple or acorn” in the yellow, or red basket brings a reputation of “bad behavior”. Jeremy has also had his apple on the teachers’ desk many times. If he gets bad behavior like this, they take him out of recess. They’ll take him out for 5-10 minutes or even the whole time! When I learned this, I freaked out! Jeremy Needs performance in order for his brain to Function correctly. By taking him out of free time outside, they’re just hurting the situation. I caused a stink about that at the school and I think they’ve made some adjustments. The school counselor is now involved and helping to guide the teachers in working with Jeremy. It’s truly been a collaborative effort.
But of course, it got a makeover! I primed it with a spray primer, and painted it with more fun colors. I also glued on one of her snail figurines that fit well and covered the spot where a piece was missing. Here it is on her nightstand...
I had posted a card on Saturday that I made for the Our Creative Corner Challenge and I had a friend from high school send me a message asking if i'd be interested in making his mom a card for Mother's Day! Sure, I said! How could I say no!!??
The young man raises and departs very quietly, collecting a photograph that fell to old women’s feet. He glances at the young Australian nurse smiling expansively at him, ravishingly beautiful and full of life.
By ZACHARY GOELMAN and ERIC LENKOWITZ
By opening up outlines of conversation (and holding them start) you stand an improved prospects for getting the girlfriend back. Your girlfriend should inquire you plenty of problems and you might want the right responses if this is visiting perform, you will additionally have several problems of your family, without start conversation you’re no correcting the condition you’re just checking the moves.
Make a fire in the snow. Easy to do in your back yard (if your neighborhood allows). Make snow seats. Find some sticks and roast a bagel or two (pre-butter bagels and simply poke the stick through the convenient hole). Parents can enjoy "refreshments" without worrying about melting ice. This may seem like it requires extra effort, but once you get over the psychological hump of putting snow pants on and assembling fire stuff, you'll be happy. The keys to a successful snow fire are warm clothes and snacks. Very magical at night. Check-out Birgitta Ralston's great book, "Snow Play." My colleague, Joey, received the book as a gift and it has been a real inspiration.
SIMA provides a world of opportunities including:
883. Chicken Salad Wrap w/ Tater Salad and Fried Okra @ Al Tavola (Greenville, NC) 12:54 p.m.
Pros: A whole new year means new opportunities and a fresh start for all.
Since today is F.I.B's birthday I am tooting my own horn and showing a bit of my contribution to Freddy's. This is just a portion of one of the 2 bathroom doors.
Make up your own mind - here are some of their activities - is this not terrorism? EVEN for the BBC?
It’s always a good idea to take all the necessary items from the home before you leave, but hopefully this information will help guide your next steps if you find yourself in this situation.
(the tree had little ropes around it with mini foot-sized coconut shells wrapped around them. It was surprisingly sturdy and pretty easily to scale up).
What type of future do you think we will give birth to?
After pollution-control laws were passed in the 1950s, the typica form again began to increase in frequency, presumably because the woods returned to their more pristine condition, giving the typica form a selective advantage once again. Now in many places that form is predominant, reaching frequencies of 95% or more. Thus we saw, over less than a century, a reversal of selection pressures coupled with a reversal in the direction of gene-frequency change.
and then left forgotten and circled by chalk
“Sure?”
"There," the stranger said as they silently set their empty glasses down.
While emailing with Vicky I told her I often find it hard to have to come home and cook for my fiance and stepson and have it be something I can eat. Most times it's not, and that leads to temptation - and Vicky pointed out that whatever she cooks is always something she can eat as well as her sons and husband. For an example she said pizza, she will make her own little pizza out of a tortilla and toppings. Totally doable! (Which of course I did not follow last night...oops).
Please contact me kcurry71(at)gmail(dot)com with your choice of two SSD images and I'll get them right out to you!
I actually saw Jennifer Hudson on one of the network's 'worst dressed' lists, and couldn't believe it. This was also one of my top picks. I felt she positively glowed in the beautiful color, and loved the draping. I do realized she's wearing more of an orange/tangerine, but I'm lumping it into the red category.
As we’re a fairly small club and due to the geographic diversity of our members we don’t run our own bus. The Ireland-based members regularly travel with buses organised by the good folks at the AICSC.
I had a lovely surprise seeing that I am nearing the 200 mark, quite an achievement! I never thought anybody would be interested in lil ol me's opinion, who knew!?
Adult onset Acne – I had maybe half a dozen zits my entire teen years and that is not an exaggeration. However, I made up for it in my early 30s for sure. Roughly about 2008 I somehow ended up with full blown acne. I’m sure there are many contributing factors including, but not limited to, hormone imbalances, improper diet, dehydration, and use of moisturizers on my face due to spreading eczema from my neck to my face, especially around the mouth and eyes (see above). It has waned since beginning seeing the nutritionist and making these changes. Hopefully, it’ll stay gone!
Their paths are about to cross, but are they on the same side? Whether they’re uneasy conspirators or deadly rivals, they’re all looking for the fastest way to get filthy rich. They’re about to learn the hard way that there’s no such thing as easy money.
kids’ hands make wonders tiny,
Then we headed down to the beach. I love the sea. I come from the seaside and can't not put my feet in the water. So, shoes and socks came off and the paddling commenced. This was the moment. This was my everytime, my eternal moment. By the sea with friends. Each being entirely themselves. Nathan, shoes and socks firmly on feet, the third eye of the camera taking in the scene. He was his own metaphor, recording the moment, spotting and capturing the detail, doubtlessly to be set down in writing at a later date, the supreme observer. I was the dancing fool, stepping too far into the wave and getting his rolled up jeans wet, the big kid playing the fool and not caring how stupid I looked. Kelly was the social connector, the bridge and the cement, enjoying everyone else's enjoyment and keeping us all in touch. Sharon was torn between the land and the sea, wanting to be in both places at once, wanting, as always, to make sure that everyone was happy. This was a moment that was so heightened and vital that it couldn't be just this instant. It was also my past and my future. Always on that beach.
He called at about 9am. When I picked up, he said, 'You're alive!' I could hear the smile in his voice. 'You feeling better?'
The design team have a wonderful Challenge at the moment, Green and Gold, so why not have a go?
little topiary monkey riding a bike! complete w/hat.
Today the high temprature is 72 degrees in Mesquite Texas and the low is 47 degrees
Take for example, my user name. I share the name with my 28′ Cheoy Lee sailing sloop, “Simplicity” and join it with my relative geographic location, the outer banks. For nearly four years my life has been an adventure on the North Carolina banks, and since October 2010, that life has been living on the water aboard a sailboat. The location and the resident are defining for me. The outer banks is a beautiful place and the hospitality is genuinely southern. Simplicity is an extension of myself, just like the “Blue Blaze”, my old Ford Areostar used to be. Simplicity and I rely totally upon each other.
His lobbying efforts toward scaling back of the production of global destructive weapons was both an intellectual and practical decision. He felt that too many civilian lives would be lost when hydrogen bombs were used and he also thought that the development technology needed to be better.
Blah Blah Blah - you want it - go work for it. Greed is a basic part of human nature - yeah it can be controlled, and if you believe in enlightened self interest, you probably do control it to a major extent. But that does not entitle anyone to the fruits of your labor. We had a word for people who's labor was exploited for the benefit of others - I think it was Slave.
You can teach me lots of lessons
Fun? Gosh I thought writing was life who has time for fun? I’m kidding. I write lol. I read, edit, write articles, travel, play tennis, crochet, make blankets, paint, ride horses, fish, scrapbook, review books for other authors, text (I’m a pro at this) I listen to music and watch movies and I wait for the day mine moves from movie consideration to “the big screen”
These stormy gusts and winds waft precious ships,
LIVING ROOM UPDATE: Hopefully having the entire room spray primed on Friday! We opted to contract this out because StevieBoy is getting OH SO SICK of mudding & sanding - it's his least fav job ever. Have mercy little wifey right!? So yes, I had mercy and we made the call to have the final patch work done, and have the room spray primed so that I can start painting soon! WHHOPIEEEE! Oh - and Josh from Red Seal Renovations was here this AM too, got all the final measurements for the mantle! WHHOPIEEEEE again! ;)
A veiled satire about the turbulent relationship that exists between the men who wield power and the women who must service them to get ahead, screenwriter Clark Carlton attempts to expose the evils of the Hollywood dream machine, and does a tremendous job doing so. While some women do end up becoming prostitutes when they comes to L.A., the one's who enter the entertainment industry aren't that different than their streetwalking cousins. Whether it's a hooker turning tricks in an alleyway off Wilshire or an aspiring actress choking on a producer's schlong at a party in Malibu, they both earn their money by getting jizzed on. To reinforce this dichotomy, there's a shot of a seemingly random prostitute in a pink top standing on the street corner. Which might seem gratuitous. Yet, upon further inspection, you'll notice the lacy outfit she is sporting is eerily similar to the one's the female valets are forced to wear. Signifying, that at the end of the day, we're all prostitutes.
The library came alive with beaming faces and muffled cries of excitement. It was so cool to see how happy everyone was. My friend and I gathered up our notes and walked across campus to her car, smiling and laughing all the way.
Thoughts play a significant part in relating so they are the nuts and bolts of our interpersonal environment. Hence it is important to first dispel what I see as misinformation that is spread today. Some of the so-called luminaries, visionaries and modern gurus in the world today, claim that the thoughts and ideas are either “randomly generated” or are part of old conditioning (“downloaded” in childhood) that runs endlessly in the mind, like scripts in an endless loop. They advocate that these thoughts and ideas are “just what is” and that we foolishly believe them. When we consider the true underlying causes of disease, we can show conclusively by experimentation, that this a load of self-serving garbage. All that these modern luminaries are doing is to reaffirm a situation that gives the medical industry the right to say the only solution to disease is drugs and medical procedure. But now we can show that the reality is very different to what they have been and are telling us. Thoughts are perceptions and awareness. Some of those thoughts are the perception of presented ideas because we are interconnected but most significantly when we are related.
Increase the heat a touch and stir the mushrooms, sherry, mushroom bouillon, thyme and pepper flakes into the bacon and onion mixture. When the the mushrooms are cooked and more than half of the liquid has reduced in volume (about 8 minutes), stir in the peas.
I tried a “short cut” to a faster cloth. What if I laid the textiles out on the wood floor, stuck it down with low tack tape and used the straight joints between the wood boards to true the fabric and to align the seams?
What do you all think?
Like Job, the main characters are left with no easy answers from God, yet are strangely satisfied. There is no hint of what God’s purpose is throughout it all. Perhaps in some way, the beauty of the world is God’s answer to our questions. In Job, God responds to Job’s question “Why?” with a catalog of the created world. In the film, the beauty of creation even in destruction is seen throughout.
So, that is why things have been real quite around here. It also puts a whole new perspective to my de-cluttering!
It might not always be the right choice, but it seems like a good rule of thumb to me. I choose to err on the side of grace. Some may think that sounds wishy-washy. Some may say that I am preaching “cheap grace.” I understand if you think that, but I disagree.
I’m a huge coffee lover… but the caffeine has never really had an effect on me. I used to love winding down at night after a long day, curled up on my couch with my chick, my cat (provided he’s not being a BRAT), and a good cup of coffee… Lately, this favourite pastime has kept me up all night! Not cool. So I did it. I went and bought some decaf coffee. :-o It was pointed out at a recent family get together -
I knelt and broke down in front of the beautiful image of love which was the witness of many of our promises and words of honor. Offering her the fragrant bunch I whispered to her in a trembling voice, “My love has found her morning and is in your arms. The time has long gone when I could repay her for what she gave to me. I offer you my gift of love that was meant for her, I bring to you those flowers that remained as buds while she waited for them to bloom.”
When Samuel Adams signed the Declaration, he said: “We have this day restored the Sovereign to whom all men ought to be obedient. He reigns in heaven and from the rising to the setting of the sun, let His kingdom come.”
♥ Seche Vite Dry Fast Top Coat.
I’m really trying to change my ways and be more open. I want to set a good example for my children. But it’s hard! (I’m even a little nervous about writing this post for the whole world to read!)
Chores around the house have been put on the back burner and are done when there is a spare moment, which there are very few. There are also new chores added to my to-do list... well, new isn't really a good word. How about changed... that's a little better. L-A-U-N-D-R-Y. Yup! And LOTS OF IT!!! I tend to wash a load of diapers a day. It may sound strange but I actually enjoy it. I really do. I've always had an enjoyment of doing laundry... the part I don't like doing is putting it away. Well I take that back. Again, putting it all away isn't bad, putting little man's clothes and diapers away, I enjoy very much.
One good ad campaign is worth five bad campaigns. Don’t be in such a rush to get an ad out there, with diligence, care and passion, the right ad will come. To borrow from another ad for safe driving in N.I. “Wise Up, Slow Down.”
In my own defence - the beer left me with very little choice about this. I simply could not wait.
I live a very blessed life.
But, doesn’t everyone believe that the 16th amendment changed the income tax from an indirect excise tax to a direct tax? How can all the authorities be wrong?
Dinning table is decorated but this year we will not be having our celebration here.
Yet another example of why you should read the label first. . .
5. “Daughter, stop running.”
-shoe shopping (how many pairs does one person need. Two. Maybe three in a pinch.)
That’s not to say you shouldn’t share with others what’s on your mind. Not at all. Just be considerate. If you are brain dumping on people on an everyday basis, that’s not cool.
Flitting disregard,
you have a right to be here.
That will be true with the world in general; but it need not be true in your life. You need not fall into the trap as told us in 1 Timothy 4:1. “Some shall depart from the faith, giving heed to seducing spirits, and doctrines of devils.”
Well, not really, but these are the questions that I get most frequently:)
I gave this lady, lighter hair and the green is a lighter shade. I am trying to keep them similar with a little bit of change, to mix it up. I added an eye to this one, which I will do with all of them and I am thinking of adding laces to the boots.
6) How many brothers/sisters
That’s all folks and Happy Easter.
Professor : Is there Sickness? Immorality? Hatred? Ugliness?
Thursday: Pumpkin and Chorizo Pasta
Drilling down under the "Visitor" tab is a segment called "Page Views for All Visitors" and will show how many (both in real numbers and percentage of the total) what days were the most popular (GA will always be a complete day behind in the data provided). In my opinion these numbers give the blogger the best information as to which topic was the most successful and more importantly the ability to plan for future blog topics. As an example; if a blogger posts a treasury or a giveaway promotion and the "Page views for All Visitors" on that particular day is low, it tells the blogger that this may not be the most successful topic for their blog going forward. In my opinion this is the best number to use for planning future blog topics.
4-Kyle Gibson-Naperville (North)-14:23
Today, Gene Roddenberry turns in his grave; the rest of America just turns over and hit the snooze button.
Here comes my shot below the belt…
One for the more serious racers out there, Dirt 3 has a touch more realism than the Motorstorm series but is a lot more forgiving than something like Gran Turismo. With a mix of rally racing and some more stunt based stuff, this is a great game to get started with if you’re interested in driving/racing games.
“Vulgar Display Of Power (Deluxe Edition)” track listing:
-When you lie, do you pray and ask God for forgiveness?
I'm counting down until Mothers Day is over this year. Good riddance, sappy commercials and emails telling me to buy flowers.
Seen (coming down the steps to the Manhattan-bound 2-3-4-5 platform at Franklin Ave): A red, white and blue fashion show with the ever-present visage of a certain Democratic hopeful.
I would like to ask how many members are interested in the following:
Basin 2 served as a backup supply for Brooklyn from 1960 to 1989, and was decommissioned in 1990. It was transferred to the Parks Department in 2004 with the intention of turning it into a public park.
and Joe Blunt, who displayed
So keep a' look-out!
Happy creating my friends~
On the day the bridge was completed the villagers gathered at one end while the Devil, come to claim his due, stood at the other. The two parties advanced towards the middle, the Devil with arms outstretched to receive his sacrificial victim, while the villagers shuffled forward uneasily.
19 perhaps
How I Create My Aromatic SoulCollage® Cards
With him it was never a yen or a hankering. It was an obsession. Which of course brings me to my father and Mae Clarke’s pubic hair.
The Dead of Winter has been shortlisted for the Salford Book Award and longlisted for the UKLA Children's Book Award in the 12-16 category. It is always a real honour to be nominated for any award. It is frankly an honour to be noticed - there are so many great books out there. I will keep you posted about my progress - or lack of it.
In my haste to try seduction, I’d put my bustier on….upside down. I don’t think my man noticed…..but I had to do my best to stifle some inappropriate giggles over my beribboned arse.
I bet you're all wondering whether the streak still stands? I will not confirm or deny. But I can tell you that air force guy is no longer seriously cute, due to circumstances he somehow forgot to inform me about. Like being married. And having a son.
...and if Joel and Christina are reading this, I want you to know we are praying and you are loved so deeply!
Despite his being much more upfront about his authoritarian ideas than any modern-day Leftist would be, Mussolini's Leftism was, like modern-day Western Leftism, in fact comparatively mild compared with Stalin's. This made Italian Fascism a much more popular creed than Stalin's Communism. This is perhaps most clearly seen by the always persuasive "voting with your feet" criterion. Mussolini made no effort to prevent Italians from emigrating and although some anti-Fascists did, net emigration actually FELL under Mussolini. Compare this with Stalin and the Berlin wall. One notes that modern-day Leftists in the Western world today also never seem to feel the need to emigrate -- for all their swingeing criticisms of contemporary Western society.
I’m currently studying social work in this summer session, a field that I absolutely love. It’s been a long time since I’ve been in school (no, I’m not telling you how long) and to boot, I’m in college as opposed to university, which is a whole different ball game – at least on my side of the border. University is very theoretically driven, with most classes being large groups of students scribbling down the lecturing and slides of the professor expert; in college, things are (best I can tell) more experiential, more group work driven, and tend not to lecture directly but instead, move straight to learning the concept in its practical usage.
Keep it in the Safe: A place to store and keep valuables.
I lifted my head. "It's fine," I said. I reached for a tissue and glanced toward the door, hoping my father, who usually spent the evening watching TV on the couch just outside the room, couldn't hear us. "This fever's not as bad as the first."
Part 3- Nonie Darwish (Former Muslim) spoke of her upbringing as a Muslim in Egypt, of leaving Islam and the Islamic Apartheid against Former Muslims, Christians and Jews.
Ironically, while CAMRA policy strongly favours full measures legislation, and CAMRA beer festivals all set an example by using oversize lined glasses, it is often the drinkers of Guinness and smooth beers rather than those of real ale who come off worst. It’s worth adding that, in my view, as often as not short measure results simply from sloppy bar practice rather than from any deliberate intention to short-change the customer. And I have often seen drinkers who really should know better take pints off the bar that would have been gladly topped up, often without asking, if they had not been so hasty.
DNNDB Blog (dnndbblog.wordpress.com) is a participant in the Amazon Services LLC and Amazon EU Associates Programmes designed to provide a means for sites to earn advertising fees by advertising and linking to amazon.com, amazon.ca, amazon.co.uk, amazon.de, amazon.fr, amazon.it and amazon.es. Certain content that appears on this website comes from Amazon Services LLC and/or Amazon EU. This content is provided “as is” and is subject to change or removal at any time.
-Flannel
Monday I was back on the bus to Houston. The flip over from being awake during the day to at night occupied Monday night (there is a process) and now I'm off to work. Oh and Happy 15th anniversary Turner Classic Movies, you are a great TV channel.
The website is careful to remind us that not every request can be honored. As in my case, sometimes things just aren’t available. And of course, we know there is a limited budget. But this just made my day.
staff, the pilot’s compass, the soldier’s
Ragtime – In New York at the beginning of the 20th century, a white suburban family, an African-American couple, and Eastern European immigrants find their lives intersecting in unexpected ways. Duke Theater Studies and Duke’s Hoof ‘n’ Horn present the 1996 musical adaptation of E.L. Doctorow’s novel. Directed by Jeff Storer. This week: Thursday and Friday 7:30. Saturday 2:00 and 7:30, Sunday 2:00. Closes Sunday. Reynolds Theater, Bryan Center, Duke West Campus, Durham.
Washington says the day after the beatings, Forster searched Twitter for mention of the attack, and one post in particular chilled him.
Of cloudless climes and starry skies;
King says, "Description begins in the writer’s imagination, but should finish in the reader’s." I keep that in my pocket while I write.
Me: Too wide?
But its really not the enemas or life of cancer I despise. Its the drugs. Its the fact that I’m completely dependent upon anti-seizure meds at this point in my life. I can’t handle the side effects. I want nothing more than to follow the advice of health reformer Ellen White: “…do not endeavor to adjust the difficulties of an unbalanced system by adding a burden of poisonous medicines.”
There have also been notable examples of care being taken with the dead in African elephants and bottlenosed dolphins. In the case of the elephants, an ailing matriarch was observed to receive support from unrelated members of her group, behaviors that couldn’t be explained by either Hamilton’s theory of kin selection nor Trivers theory of reciprocal altruism. This concern with her body continued after death. Further study looked at how the group interacted with the bones of their former group mates and confirmed that the famous behaviors observed at elephant graveyards are intentional, individuals focused more intently on these remains than to other features of their environment. According to lead author Iain Douglass-Hamilton, these results challenge existing theories on where altruistic behavior ultimately comes from.
Cards and fancy paper are limiting, they reduce the space you have to write on, use printer paper, folder paper or a note pad. Use the back of your kid's artwork, recycle some junk mail. Send one sentence on a sticky note or copy an old photo of you and a friend and add a note on the back.
If Detroit can tune-up their secondary and offensive line before the season, I honestly think the Lions can go 13-3. As long as they don’t hit a mid-season breakdown in 2012, it’s going to be a very interesting and exciting season. I personally, think they’re gonna make a deep playoff run. Starting in the next week or so, I’ll be doing “player profiles” until the season begins, as well as keeping you up-to-date with Detroit Lions’ news. RESTORE THE ROAR!
Their indignity will have the final word,
Plenty of workers around,
If the saying were slightly different, say, “too good to be desirable, “ I might guardedly find some justification. To be told that you are too ill to be cured, too stupid to be tolerated, too unsightly to be looked at, this may be all too true, but not desirable to utter or to hear. But neither would it be as euphonious, as effective, as memorable. “Too good to be true” is catchy for several reasons.
Contestant: Arm.
Then suddenly, as if the weather elves had been napping and awoke in a frantic state of guilt at not having done their usual earth tending, October turned mild.
I hate being such an emotional person. It's hard to write about this, even in kind of a detached manner. So again, thanks to all who offered their support.
Originally published in The Chaosium Digest v38.07 on Sunday, November 13, 2004
I turned 36. I worked and hubby took me out to dinner. It was fun and awesome and I wouldn't have it any other way. Work threw me a big party so I enjoyed that.
It’s hard to learn when you have to battle against your own tools. Copic markers are so easy to use that even beginners will be able to use them. They can concentrate more on the actual drawing part or start practicing their shading and blending.
Working on strengthening the muscles in the hand for writing and other activities by stretching rubber bands around a jar
Plus, it’s time to get goin’
my layout:
This photo is stark warning to us all. Don’t leave your Snowflake mobile unguarded for a single second this holiday season. Otherwise, the Grinch will leave nothing but hooks and some wire.
And my husband says so many thought provoking things and gives me another view of the world. He's deeply kind and compassionate. I love him and cannot imagine a life without him.
“I don't think you can legally use that color, Xi, not without permission, or guaranteed payment into the account of Sir Masterful Richview.” Outside the building a siren that had been wailing came to a chirping halt. They noticed it more in its silence. The ceiling fell in a little more, showing more of the sky. It was billowing gray.
“Hello Mr Baey, I saw on fb post that there is a Malay gal being kidnap outside her ccc in Tampines st 22. Do u know if this is a true case? I m a mother of 2 baby boys, it’s really freaking me out after reading the post from fb.”
This report provides information regarding some missing radioactive wastes, but only deals with tiny amounts of missing weapons production inventories.
My previous phone was a flip phone that had served me well for many years but did not text or take photos. I didn't really need those features. At least I thought I didn't. The main reasons for wanting a new phone was the limited volume and short ring before going to voice mail. I don't text often, but I do occasionally find this a nice feature and the camera is so handy that now I would be lost without it.
The Minerals Management Service (MMS) granted BP exploration a “categorical exclusion” from a full environmental impact analysis, which is a basic requirement under the National Environmental Policy Act, “according to documents made available by the Center for Biological Diversity, an environmental group,” said a report.
The exact opposite has happened. According to research from the National Association of REALTORS®’ latest Profile of Home Buyers and Sellers, FSBOs accounted for 10 percent of sales in 2011, down from 14 percent in 2003 and 2004.
So what would I wish for them if I could control the future? There are several things - sounds like a list coming!
Steven: There are some things on there that aren’t true.
Yet Emirates could make a modest profit of €1.5 million, or $2 million, from a small surplus of permits, each representing a ton of carbon dioxide, that airlines can trade as part of the system.
It is amazing how many things I have accumulated.
PAXMAN: pasty pasty pasty pasty Prime Minister pasty closed pasty pasty lying through his pasty pasty
With the Oasis versions the design is the same in both cases and the shop version comes with a handy underslip. Rather cleverly, the press sample was photographed without the slip to emphasise the transparency of the fabric and the starry print, making comparisons with the Dolce and Gabbana dress inevitable. However, the both the print and fabric of the two dresses is quite different.
Graham Cheetham (UKIP) 555
So I text. I text anything. “Hello, how are you. I’m thousands of miles away on a beautiful island, and you. are. everywhere.” He responds! Alleviating my heartache of missing him. He misses me too. Thinks of me too. Speed dating through life as well. But now, he says more. He wants me to break the curse I’ve put on him. More venting. He’s looking for clarity. He’s resisting his urges to contact me. He still can’t manage to find the same connection we shared, with someone else. I’ve never heard him so torn before. He’s never admitted to actively trying to forget me…and fail at it. I wondered, why wasnt I doing the same? Why wasn’t I being proactive in this healing of my heart? I was vividly seeing MASOCHISM being tattooed on me. I was doing it again, and I didn’t want to stop. ever.
I’m always on the look-out for salvage windows and styles I could someday have fabricated by my cabinetmaker for a renovation. Well here’s one for the files complements of AD…
If you’re Motrin, you may set a target to improve your SOV from the paltry 12.5 percent measured.
Something simple and delightful from the Peranakan Chinese of the then Straits Settlements of Malaya.The dish is called Mixed Vegetables Nyonya Style/Chap Chye (Sayur Campur).
Favorite Number~ 3. I also like 31 as it's my birthday..
It was the first time I stepped out from behind my online anonymity to meet some fellow bloggers. But these weren’t just any bloggers. These bloggers were uber-bloggers. I’m not going to name names, because no one likes a name-dropper.
I'd like to remember details better, I want to follow through on my word more often.
It sleeted a few times as Cristina slept, just as the weatherman said it would, but not enough to destroy the remaining snow. Fortunately, the temperature stayed a few degrees below freezing all day. The clouds were beginning to break as we went to pick Donald up. My gamble, an "occurrence" and a day's pay, was going to pay off, but just barely.
I know that I am nervous about tomorrow. I have had surgery before but I can honestly say that I have been asleep for every other procedure that I have had. I am sure it will be fine but....
Authors should be aware as with all self-published books, The Choir Press are a book solutions provider, and a large onus and effort will always remain with an author to market and published their own books, no matter how good the solutions provider.
You should all be wearing it because it gives a positive message about who you are and what you are about! We want our customers to feel special and feel like they're wearing something that has been made just for them. All our T-shirts are individually printed to order, so you can be sure that the T-shirt you get through the post is printed for you and you only!
The one thing I will say positive about this movie is that it at least has a ton more zombies than Zombie 5: Killing Birds had. And every type, too: running zombies, walking zombies, shooting zombies, leaping into the room zombies, bursting through window slats zombies, even talking zombies. But that's okay - they don't have much to say anyway.
“You” she asked him. “What is your name?”
Chef Mark Mills who, with partner Jody, revived the run-down (and at the time closed-down) Plough just over twelve months ago wanted to treat his guests to some beer styles that they had never tried before and between us we figured we should give them a few ‘challenging’ beers as well as some more approachable ones. Mark sorted out the food side of things and my task was to showcase what good beer was all about while expanding the beery horizons of the appreciative locals.
Joseph Rainier, 53, was driving north on U.S. 19 about 2 p.m. in a white Jeep Cherokee, police said, when New Port Richey police Cpl. Donald Velsor clocked him going faster than the 45 mph speed limit.
Random stains of acrylic ink in one of my art journals. It is only a background, a first layer of paint on something that still has to be worked on again and again before it is finished. I like the randomness in the symmetry of it. At first sight you think it is totally symmetrical, but looking closely you start noticing the differences.
This is an apple tree that they are training along wires like you do grapes. Could not believe that an apple tree could grow along aa wire. And they were all over.
Friday was The Oldest's 11th Birthday, and in true fashion asked for a Happy Hour Play Date as a party. Earlier that day, I worked in the classroom and led Destination Imagination Instant Challenges after school. So we had 5 of his friends over, a couple of their siblings, and all of their moms. The kids played and ran around and had fun, and the moms sat around, visited and drank. The party started at 4:00, and ended past 10:00. I had too much to drink and slept like the dead...
I just hung up my daily call home and when we were talking Amma asked me,'So did you make the Theeyal?' and I said,'Yes! Nallathayirunnu!' . How can I say otherwise when I'm gobbling up a childhood favourite curry of mine like soup! :-)
As this article stated, you can make a very good income by investing in stocks. The fact is that you need to know what you’re doing to be successful. Apply the advice that has been given to you in the above article, and you’ll be on the right track towards becoming an investment pro.
Here are some pictures of todays paintings.
1 tablespoon butter
I wanted to write. But what I needed to write about didn’t seem to jive with what I thought people expected to see when they visited my blog. There were also issues of responsibility, shame and fear.
The park had racetracks flowing through all of the different climbing apparatuses and kids were running around everywhere with many choices of places to jump and play. Our oldest son enjoyed climbing on the fire truck, running on the race track, and climbing on the rock wall. Additionally, there were monkey bars, swings, and tons of ramps that made it easy to get from one part of the climbing to another.
how eager and quick to learn that she is.
Favorite food? I am a vegetarian. Any fruit or vegetable works for me, but my comfort food is mashed potatoes.
Anyway, I’ll be back tomorrow with my first review, so be sure to check back in, and I hope you enjoy this series!
Chiplin would later be summoned to appear before the Royal Commisison, which was, in effect a copy-cat of the McCarthyist witch-hunt.
I turned it off last week but when it is off I seem to get so much more spam comments being left ~ people advertising their own businesses & rubbish so I'm afraid I have turned it back on again.
Too many of our youth coaches are worried more about results than player development. Creativity, imagination and individual skill on the ball (all key components to success in the final third) are consistently downplayed in favor of fitness, speed and power.
I haven't seen a burning bush or heard a loud clap of thunder from heaven. God hasn't thrown his kingdom calendar down to me so that I can see all the dates he wrote out before eternity present. But through events, a Bible teacher on a TV screen, and a quote I stumbled upon this morning...combined with a verse I have memorized...there has been a "change in the winds" of my spirit. God has met me and reassured me that he hears my prayers. That he knows the desire of my heart. He just wants me to have faith and to trust him.
Her gown a messenger of evening clouds,
Program Background: The Ontario Women’s Health Network (OWHN) was recently awarded a grant from Echo: Improving Women’s Health in Ontario to provide the Women’s Health Leadership Program. The program will be offered over the coming three years and will seek to reach women participants from all over Ontario. The program will be offered in three levels and will support the development of women and their leadership capacity, including in relation to increasing women’s ability to reflect critically on sex and gender and how to promote gender-related advancements in the health system.
I think that may be the problem. We need to start thinking about things that can be made and exported from here - and that is going to be hard. We cannot rely on mineral resources forever.
The rationale for this was, officially, that since the man was hiding from the police, he must have killed Mr. Kobayashi intentionally…but it might have simply been done to “buy time” for the police to finally catch the man.
Before the Revolution (Bernardo Bertolucci, 1964) - "In retrospect, Bertolucci's film is "before the revolution" that would briefly sweep across the western world in the late 60s, and his pessimistic ending — a declaration that, for aimless young people like Fabrizio, it's always "before" a revolution that never comes — is a bleak but accurate prediction of the disappointments to come."
about the pigs—
It’s the same rationalization you see with these lowlife government agents who molest children at airports; they look in the mirror each morning and convince themselves that they’re keeping the country safe from criminal terrorists. Their mission is noble… and that justifies the means.
“It sounds like they thought of everything.”
To create the double rosette, make one in the same manner as the first and set aside. Cut three 2" strips of paper that are also 12" long, punch, adhere and pleat as before. Flatten the larger circle out and adhere the smaller rosette on top, adjusting so that it is centered.
We can help with this shift. We want you to begin to experience it. Be with us as we are with you. Be with the Mother the way she is with you, the Father, with the ascended masters. This is a different form of unity and community, but it is just as joyous, just as profound.
I was able to work on my stays a bit over the weekend. It was with fear and trembling I cut out the pattern pieces. I am making the basis first, so am only cutting out what I will sew up right away. I haven't cut out the wool outer layer or linen lining yet. I will do that as I come to them.
How I want to decipher your mystery,
The contest will run through January and winners will be announced in February.
PS over on the right hand side of my blog, you'll see a new button for Soap.com! I love Soap.com and if you order from them and enter that code that's in the button on the right, you'll save 15%. They have everything in the cleaning, bath and body products, make-up, paper-product section of your favorite store (Target, perhaps) but they deliver in 1-2 days, for free. And I've found I get just what I need - no impulse Target purchases happening and they deliver right to my door so I don't have to go out in the Artic wasteland that is Mid-West America in February! Give them a try, save 15%! You'll love it! And they have diapers too :)
Comments will be moderated that week to ensure the discussion stays honest and friendly. I don’t care where the conversation goes, as long as we treat each other like humanbeings.
Suspensions:
the Flea Market...
pleaded guilty and was fined $6,000 each for the two offences under
I was also only still speaking English and simple Spanish. So while I was able to purchase the requested bit of hardware (yeah me!), I was not able to have the woman at the kiosk (even through gestures and drawing doodles on nearby paper) tell me how to put money on the SIM card.
It was a plain wood colored table- you get the idea
This DSP does not scream baby but I used it anyway and I LOVED how this layout turned out!! Can you believe those are pictures of my now 15 year old daughter, Kaitlyn? This is her first bath and let me tell you I HATE film pictures!! These were the only good ones I had from her first bath. Back then in the film age of picture taking you didn't take hundreds of one event because it was too costly. Now with the digital age you can because you have the awesome button called DELETE!!
The BN, trying to justify their savage attacks, said they only attacked the protestors because they crossed the barricades in Dataran Merdeka. We can’t confirm that the protestors crossed the barriers; but if they did; so what?
"Then we should get Dora away from it before it notices." Swirls of gently displaced air in Taslin's wake shimmered in rainbow colours as she moved around the fire to where Dora lay, deeply and peacefully asleep. "Can you wake her without alarming her?"
The FHP estimated the damage to the Porsche at $50,000.
Want to check out my guest spot at Start Your Own Small Biz? Here it is:
I finally get to do a FFF sort of on time. I’m actually writing this on Friday because this week has been hellish, but I wanted to try to get it in on a Friday. Thanks to Ram for hosting, by the way; I had no idea he was doing it for so many weeks, or I might have tried to sneak one in sooner.
“She said, ‘Mom, I found her in her closet, and she’s freaking
The other things I hate are the platitudes that people only use for a miscarriage. I don't blame anyone for saying these things, it's what I would have said and thought before this happened to me. To someone who has never experienced the loss of a wanted pregnancy, the idea that it feels the same as a death sounds melodramatic and odd. How could you equate losing a tiny ball of cells in your uterus to losing a fully grown child? Until you've been pregnant, you can't understand how instantly attached and bonded a mother becomes to her child, however small and new that life is. We love it, make plans for it, dream about how it will look, sound, and act. We cradle our bellies and smile thinking of the budding life we're helping to nurture and protect. It's not just a ball of cells or a tiny little fetus, it's our child, our baby, already as important to us and loved as a child is to any parent.
though I'd not say so to him.
How did you guys form?
Puerto Ricanoooo
Last year our good friends at Fentimans came to us with the idea of launching an alcoholic ginger beer. They are the masters of the genuine ginger beer, and were pretty unimpressed by the fake, wine-based or flavoured lager ginger beers that were on the market. They knew that they could make a proper alcoholic ginger beer, the traditional way, slow-brewed with ginger from scratch.
They took to the streets on Tuesday, January 25, in a popular uprising not set in motion by anyone – neither from within Egypt, nor from abroad. Now they are talking about external elements and domestic elements, and about the Muslim Brotherhood…
Lazy-boy sofas and loveseats are very heavy, so we removed all the backs to make them lighter. I was amazed how those two strong burly men picked it right up and carried it out through the deck doors with no problem at all! Oh, to be young and strong!
The 'father' figure is often one of strength and discipline, never forget that bit of tenderness, so needed in all our lives.
Pajamas: Children’s Place
When you meet and talk with the people in their natural environment, too many of them feel bamboozled, cheated and robbed and not allowed to express their true feelings. Guyana used to be such a nice place. Plurality was the order of the day. People had a shared heritage and a shared desire to integrate but today, 44 years after, there are ethnic enclaves. Your political affiliation is determined by your diet and the type of rum you drink. The dominant class consumes DDL products while the visible minorities, drink BANKS products.
We'd wash and clean the cabbage and cut all the bad leaves away. Then in a big dishpan, we'd cut the leaves small enough to chop and lay.
I think the late George Carlin put it best when he said that half the doctors and nurses out there practicing medicine were in the bottom half of their classes when studying for their qualifications.
Up north in the diminutive maritime Canadian province of Prince Edward Island, there’s no lack of heritage. And because of this, for Raeford Waite of RW Woodworking and Custom Milling, business is good.
Hmm. Savanna plains but no juicy green grass. Great.
During the French Revolution, the crown jewels (including the blue diamond) were taken from the royal couple after they attempted to flee France in 1791. The jewels were placed in the Garde-Meuble but were not well guarded. From September 12 to September 16, 1791, the Garde-Meuble was repeatedly robbed, without notice from officials until September 17. Though most of the crown jewels were soon recovered, the blue diamond was not.
You're starting to reach for things,
Yes! I was at boarding school for three years, from grades 10-12. Breathless is loosely based on my experiences.
Mocknick: The reason?
The shortest distance between two people is a smile. ~Author Unknown
Oh yeah, edited to add that our house is a couple of weeks from going on the market. If you or anyone you know really wants to move into a remodeled ranch on an awesome street in Prairie Village with great neighbors, come check out the house before it goes on the market.
Your job is to buy eliminate individuals reasons. With reasons eliminated, the actual slackers stand out from everyone else. Then you can concentrate on rewarding as well as helping your own producers. You may focus buy swtor credits on the actual slackers and provide them the option of repentance and reform or even documentation and leaving.
Sierra Nevada has chosen Asheville, North Carolina -- okay, Mills River, 12 miles south of Asheville, but from 100 miles or more away...it's Asheville, and you can bet that the beer-happy folks in Asheville will see it that way, too -- as the site for their new east coast expansion brewery. Plans are for a brewery with 300,000 bbls. initial capacity. “We are thrilled to have found an ideal location in western North Carolina for our second brewery,” says Ken Grossman, founder of Sierra Nevada. “The beer culture, water quality and quality of life are
Unless of course you grab those non-penis touching prostitutes out there and get them to give the massages instead.
The clues are there ;)
"Heartbreaker" - 3:56
She also warned that if during the ECV they think bubs is having any issues, ie heart rate dropping, or placenta issues, any ruptures etc, that bubs will be born by cesarean.
2 eggs, large
Donatella kept her eye on her lost hybrid child and convinced the Cabal that she could be used by them in the entertainment industry rather than having her daughter become an assassin or sex kitten.
I got a pleasant surprise today; apparently the South Downs, where I live, is in England.
“You’re kidding…” was the first thing that came to mind. I thought I had finally lost my mind.
Barry Larkin (Reds) vs. Raul Mondesi (Dodgers)
The delay has caused some frustration.
During this free webinar, you’ll learn practical tips on how to develop professionally and personally while interning at a public interest office this summer. Also, you’ll get insider advice from public interest attorneys and community leaders.
Hershey’s Bliss, milk chocolate or Reese’s cups 6pk $3.50
15. Shayna Steele, Jordan Ballard, Kamilah Marshall “Bewitched, Bothered and Bewildered”
The other day, I was out and about in a bit of a shopping frame of mind – perusing the wares on offer in a sports emporium; a shop that offered (across its four floors) everything one’d require if one was a real back-packer to gadgets designed to get the very best out of a snorkeling experience; from football strips in one’s favourite team colours to hiking boots and biking gear; from tennis racquets to rugby balls.
Pitted against highly-trained Tributes who have prepared for these Games their entire lives, Katniss is forced to rely upon her sharp instincts as well as the mentorship of drunken former victor Haymitch Abernathy. If she’s ever to return home to District 12, Katniss must make impossible choices in the arena that weigh survival against humanity and life against love.
Architecture and design are central to Faler’s work and fascination. This began full force in a design course that highlight the restraints dictated on the practitioners by the subjects of creation out of necessity for functionality. What if functionality were messed with a little?
A few things to remember about motherhood:
Have you held her close, admiring the way the candlelight dances on her fangs?
The outcome: Genting raised $500 million from 21,594 retail investors.
2) No horses
#4 Three’s a Crowd
- Boarding a plane to NYC, working a bunch and getting back on said plane to return to Richvegas (of course there was a jaunt to Taste-D-Lite in there where I had the most amazing red velvet froyo on earth)
I ran across this quote the other day, a quote about "French" mothers. While it is all well and good to be French if you are French...(Scandanavian and French-inspired decor is all the rage right now!) it is equally well and good to be American, if you are American...and it is best of all to be a believer in Jesus Christ. My citizenship is in heaven, for sure.
After I got home, I took a hot bath and got some good snuggles from Lulu. I then took a 2 hour nap, spent some time with Londyn and Andrew and then he dropped her off at Gma's, so I could get another 2 hours of sleep. I took a shower, curled my hair and grabbed a Diet Coke. It wasn't nearly enough, but definitely made a difference! I wasn't such a puddle and getting out of the hospital for a bit was SO necessary.
Once I resigned myself to the fact that it wasn't going to look pretty, I gave in. Duct taped finger it would be. I packed up the harp, got it into the warm truck and went to my tool box — No. Duct. Tape. And I didn't have time to stop at the hardware store before I needed to be at the Wine Café. So I steeled myself to just play through the pain.
But I’m often in awe of what they do. The developers involved with WordPress have helped enable millions of people to publish. Journalists are largely ignorant of the complicated work that it requires to create a site and then to keep it running smoothly. You need to know who is behind the curtain and at least be vaguely aware of what they do. Better yet, work with them directly to create new products.
My previous post here highlighted my sad lack of buildings for certain types of games. To be fair 25mm games have never really interested me (aside from gladiatorial games), but I actually don't have much in the way of buildings for 15mm games either. I have plenty of strongholds for HOTT, of course, but the problem has always been that my selection of HOTT armies is so eclectic that finding buildings that would look right with many of them would be a full-time job.
I had a 'princess' patient of another midwife. The midwife who this patient normally sees was on vaca so couldn't be called for this patients labor and birth. Bummer. Cuz I got stuck with her. She wasn't the worst I have ever cared for but definitely was up there. I had met her once previously and she left me with the impression of someone who is never happy or satisfied. That impression was upheld throughout labor and birth :p
Where is the engagement ring?
Yes, I’m weak - I even spotted The Shippons (but that’s a private joke).
Hope you had a good one, too!
i wait in timid stillness
The state shall guarantee the protection of national unity, and the citizens’ duty is to maintain it.
Kiran Reddy Gopu, 24, Bridgeport, Conn.
ASTAKOSALATA 19
piece of sea glass
I completed my HSC in 1986. This was my final year of high school before going to university to study science and eventually teaching. Around this time I was trying to decide what I wanted to do with my life. Was it to teach, become a scientist, work in sports medicine or become a computer programmer. I choose my classes carefully, well not that carefully, I did as much mathematics, science and sport that I could and did the only computer course on offer. The humanities weren’t for me as I wasn’t the best at spelling, or the fastest writer so when you read my work it was obvious that I was trying to cramp a load of information into a small space and my paragraphs started one thought and finished two others without doing any of them justice.
Now normally in one of these local stories, you’d get a host of local residents clamouring to provide examples of the yob’s antics. Yet not this time:
Joaquin Simo’s Punky Monkey
After more than two decades of caring for her daughter, Peggy wants to pass on this piece of advice to parents of special needs kids: No matter what your child’s level of need is — able to lead a normal life, in need of total care, or somewhere in between — you treat your child as a gift, you’ll think of your child as a gift. “This child is a gift from the Lord, period,” Peggy says. “Start with that foundation and move on from there.”
Ernest Borgnine and Lee Marvin both received career boosts from the film. Borgnine's next film, Marty, won him an Oscar -- beating Tracy, who was nominated for Bad Day at Black Rock.
Our bodies are a mirror of our deep, often unconscious, feelings and beliefs.
So, take to hand, I took a number of photos. I struggled a bit taking my camera off AV mode and switching it to Manual, and I’ll need to spend some time reviewing the actual sunset images (under-exposed in my view, but I’ll give them a go), but around and about the top of the hill, I did seem to get some interesting shots.
21st Amendment Brewery San Francisco Watermelon Wheat Fruit Beer +/-
The first one was a prawn with a herb butter cream on toast. The prawn was fresh and juicy and goes well with the cream. I could not really identify what flavours were in the cream exactly but it had a very light taste. It could use some lemon but otherwise it was still a nice small snack. The other toast was with crab salad and fish. It was extremely creamy with a lot of mayonnaise. Generally, I’m not that big a fan when there’s so much mayonnaise that the crab stick flavour gets drowned out.
06. Breathe
Incredulous, I look up. Not very original, I know, but I see a light. It’s bright but soft. It’s warm. It’s alive. Then I notice Someone beside me. He steps into the sea of glass.
There can be SO many installments of this post, can't there? Do you think it sounds like fun? :)
At least according to me two years ago.
66) I have a very small birthmark on my right cheek. It's a reddish-pinkish dot. My mom has it and my grandma had it, too. It pissed me off because in some school photos, they airbrushed it out, thinking it was a zit, and I am strangely proud of my birthmark.
Wait. Let me clarify.
We follow Tim Robins over to my favorite baseball movie, Bull Durham. Bull Durham is officially labeled a romantic comedy because of the love triangle between the three main characters, but do not let that fool you. The real romance here is the love of baseball. If you have anything less than a religious devotion for the mystique of the game, most of Bull Durham’s appeal will be bewildering to you.
There is an event coming up March 13-14 at the Mall of America.
She rose from the piano to accept the audience’s appreciation. Careful to avoid the troubling face, she looked around the room and noticed one or two guests beginning to nod off. Even now, that amused her because she knew what was coming.
Serve warm with the cold pickled shallots on top. Some toasted sesame seeds would be excellent on top.
"If she's the last woman on Earth and I'm the last man, that's it. History is over. I'm playing with myself until I die."
So thursday, all the californians went out to a big group dinner at a nice restaurant called Les Provinces. Here is une photo:
"A decline in clinical research decreases the number of people the pharmaceutical industry can employ who are interested or have experience in doing clinical research," warned Narsai.
Back to the Future
What startling revelation does Jesus make?
No refunds either will come due.
With a flood of colors
I'm waiting for my Zune HD to com in the Mail. Due Jan 6th, so Jeri will be able to pick it up on the 7th... Hopefully. EEEEEE! So exciting!
On April 9, pile your girlfriends (and their credit cards) into your car and take them to lunch at one of the awesome eateries in Guthrie while they peruse the gorgeous old buildings of Historic Downtown Guthrie which are filled with art galleries, antique shops, art studios, craft shops; so much it will overwhelm the senses.
So in fact the guitar was a way of getting away from all that stuffy academic stuff…
Number of purses I actually bought = 0
5. Fresh flowers... This one kind of counts because it's a rotating item. Obviously, the same flowers don't keep me smiling... But every time I have flowers it my house, it always feels a little brighter.
Rm30
To make ourselves feel better?
On day two the designers arrived, we had introductions to everyone and their work, and then mixed into groups and given the 1/2 hour jam jar challenge by Charlie. Make something contemporary with greenwood, utilizing a jam jar!
If you wait for it the bread rises, the fudge sets, the child walks, the film negative transforms into an image, the sock emerges, the thought coalesces.)
I got through to chapter 5 without feeling like there was anything particularly enlightening that wasn’t already said in one form or another in things I’d already read during this note taking challenge. But then chapter 5 really stumped me! I’m afraid I’ve no post to make about it now because I’m still thinking about it.
SHUSHYBYE is all about dreams…dreams made especially for children by the Shushies who live in shushybye villages such as Nap Valley, Snore Shore and Slumber Heights. But children have to go to bed on time in order to get their Shushybye dreams. Children make their Dream Wish before they go to sleep. The Shushies make all their dreams then place them in Dream Boxes. Conductor McCloud puts the Dream Boxes on the Shushybye Train and transports them to children as they fall asleep on time.
Smells crisp and grassy. All the good characteristics that a pale and a rye should have. Decent bready malt backbone as well.
I wish I would've coslept with him. Even if he wasn't breastfeeding, just so I could be near him, like how I am with Callie.
5.The first club 'goal' or competition, if you will, is going to be "Febtoberfest". The original framework for this comes from Dave Juart, and though it was modified a bit at the meeting, the premise remains the same: everybody brew something to be ready by February. We will then organize a special event (a weekend?) where everyone (and a guest?) will bring their brews to share. We can do some food pairings or have general appetizers, for example. We might ask a local brewer to come and 'judge' the entries and have a small prize for the winners, for example. We'll keep everyone posted, but in short we want to have a yearly event to call our own; one that promotes homebrewing and gets all club members involved.
You guys know what today is, right?
I think it's also about acknowledging that sometimes physical, mental and emotional realities don't line up. Physically I have the ability to clean my entire house everyday. Mentally, that would be very taxing, in addition to working. Emotionally, doing that would make me feel like I don't have an equal partnership with my mate.
There seems to be a misconception that because I like to work out, and can flip the big tire at bootcamp, that I run long races. I don’t. The longest race I have participated in is a 5K and the longest running route I have completed is five miles. Really. So trying to wrap my head around seven miles is pretty daunting.
The Struggles With Returning to School While It Is Summer Outside gives ways to ease the return to school easier. Warm weather and recent memories of free hours of play can make the transition to the classroom difficult. The article covers ideas I developed to make the transition easier - some have worked with my kids.
Yet today within the political establishment there is virtually no criticism of the aggressive war carried out by the NATO allies. The scoundrels of the media have fully integrated themselves into the imperialist war machine, literally stepping over corpses and concealing the camera-shy Western dogs of war to better fashion their propaganda about “revolution” and “liberation” in Libya.
Gregory: that’s so sad
theyre making lots of crazy chantges again. I was really afraid i was going to come back and everything was going to be different….. and it was! lol. some good changes though. the pics are bigger for the upcoming items and in standby. you can also take sales which have been defaulted on and offer them to the next highest bidder which is pretty cool.
Well it’s an amazing place to meet amazing people at the least.
However, since that probably won’t be happening anytime soon, I’ll have to satisfy my Ina obsession with a few of her recipes.
“The doctor of the future will give no medicine, but will interest her or his patients in the care of the human frame, in a proper diet, and in the cause and prevention of disease.”
Swimming tadpoles. Miss Walls would tell us how
The government’s response and actions during the Bersih 3.0 rally provided an indication of whether the new reform legislation will be perverted and abused in its use and implementation, where the wide powers vested in the authorities call for measured, proportionate and mature exercise. The events of 28 April 2012 do not bode well in this regard.
She set me off on my first bead related google seach. This led to me buying my first set of lampwork beads on ebay, made by Mike Poole. Ever since holding them in my hands I wanted to learn to make lampwork beads. As soon as we came back to Scotland to live I had a taster session followed by a workshop with Rachel Elliot. I grinned all the way through it and about 2 years ago I bought my lampwork start up kit second hand on FH forum.!
“Lots of people there,” I said, hugging him and staring over his shoulder at my half naked cabinet. “She was loved. Trisha did alright. I didn’t stay for the meal afterward. I wanted to get home before dark, thought I might work on the cabinet a little before I went to bed.”
Elizabeth and Leicester
For the pants I drew a pattern from one of my daughters pants and cut it out. Then I realized that Made has a tutorial for easy pants with elastic only in the back. Oh well, I will have to look at it when I make another pair of those pants.
Toward the end of their mission, the Rangers lost radio contact with their command center. The air support scheduled to meet them for extraction never showed up. Out of touch with the daily news, the small force of elite fighters was unaware that the U.S. military had ceased to exist as they knew it.
Lawyers unlike say hedge fund managers or bankers can’t just ‘pick up sticks’, leave and go to Geneva or the Cayman Islands and practice there. Fortunately for society and unfortunately for lawyers, the law is particular to each jurisdiction, excluding of course international law, which I have.
It seems the way though you’ve been talking about food and beer this fits into the moment because that’s what’s experience.
Sentiment Surveys
Hope everyone's Valentines Day/Weekend was great! .. as you can see i put weekend in there, b/c i tend to celebrate things a bit longer then they are intended .. my birthday for instance, even though i hate birthdays, is always a week long thing .. anywho .. how did you celebrate your day/weekend? ..
I did not care much about politics back in those days, and probably missed a large portion of the General’s speech. I can still recall how I started humming casually and very softly that favourite Uriah Heep tune “July Morning”, keeping to most of the original lyrics, but adding a few of my own words as I went along:
I wish I had the graphic design talents. They're sorely needed.
Btw, thanks for all the wonderful comments on my post a couple of days ago. Made me realize that people really are out there listening!
Money loving greedy lying hypocrites Ananias and Sapphira were denied by God to be joined to these true soldiers of the cross called the Church. And God has not changed.
soy sauce……….1/2 tsp
“According to observers returning from Syria, Russian tanks left at dawn, due to arrive in Paris at 20h (8pm),” read one entry, alluding to a possible left-wing victory and closing time at polling stations.
﻿Then I happened across these metallic lamps with black drum shades during Lamp-A-Looza 2 and fell in love. They do detract from the black frames on the bookcases, but they also pop off the light background.
2) “When you move the camera, or you do a shot like the crane down (in Shawshank) with them standing on the edge of the roof, then it’s got to mean something. You’ve got to know why you’re doing it; it’s got to be for a reason within the story, and to further the story.”
Anyhoo, it was very enjoyable, possibly smoked, and I had 3 halves of it altogether. I also met a group of ladies from a Sheffield office who were out enjoying themselves, and let me join them for an hour or so. Much chat was had, little remembered, but I do now have a new blog to follow out of it. Alas all too soon they were all off somewhere else and a quick trip to the loo meant I lost the whole party! This was a little disconcerting since the barstaff took my bag and coat away thinking it had been left by them, so I was temporarily bag, wallet, companion and coatless. I was soon reunited with m,y possessions however.
How Horrible… I have NO CLUE… I know it was probably some boy… but for the life of me can NOT remember… as I sit here and think, I know i said it to a few boyfriends before my husband (cuz I was an idiot) but can NOT for the life of me think of who… can’t picture that i actually thought i was in “LOVE” before… I mean I am sure i said it to a guy that i lived with for 2 years, but can NOT remember a single incident…
This is done with the new Floral Burst die from Spellbinders. I love all the folded over parts. I think I will be using that a lot. The background stamp was one from a clear set I had. I am sorry I don't remenber the maker. The ink was SU Old Olive.
Most major basins spanning such areas include highly diverse environments, so the Nile is not exceptional in this respect. Nevertheless, the complexity of the number of states, combined with the uneven distribution of the basin between states and the complex hydrology of the system, poses significant technical and institutional challenges both for the management of shared waters and, in the future, for ascertaining where and how benefits can and should be shared within and outside the basin.
Paint - I already had on hand from the earlier project (but it took about 1 can of krylon dual paint/primer in Cherry Red and they are like $4.97 a can - the black paint was actually rolled on, not sprayed and it took very little)
The Canadian-born Nielsen's career reached back into the early days of television, when he made frequent appearances on live drama series like "Goodyear Playhouse." He played the earnest starship captain in the 1956 science fiction classic "Forbidden Planet" and made regular appearances on a wide range of TV dramas into the 1970s.
More notably it is a story of a great soul who was a great philanthropist and in one instance gave away his very protective body armor (‘Kavacha’) and a pair of earrings (‘Kundala’), which he was born with.( which the sun god, his father had given to him so that he could not be killed by anyone.)
Yes, they live with less "stuff" and that does make for a simpler, less cluttered life. But it's the reason behind it that is so compelling to me: they seek to create margin in their life. Not just empty spacebut space that is available to nourish family, community, and faith. Their Christmas is far less elaborate than yours or mine, but what they do fill it with is oh so right.
- British authors telling me that they were encouraged by agents and editors to make protagonists young - 16 at the most - and to avoid sex and swearing, while American YA had older characters and tougher storylines.
When I find myself in a running rut or just need a confidence boost, I pull out my albums and can look through to see what I have accomplished. The colorful bibs also make me happy.
Would you say no? I didn't think so.
A youngster in a Georgia forced labor camp around 1932 is subjected to an ugly form of punishment. – Photo: John Spivak
The upshot of this is that when friends come over he tramps around like a little dictator ordering them about and generally pissing them off. This time however he was entirely outgunned by the tiniest, most angelic little tot you have ever seen: my godson, two-and-a-half with a whispering lisp and the bluest eyes on the planet, my god-son whom I have only ever seen smiling and giggling, my god-son, half-a-pint of coy, armed with a badminton raquet and leading the attack with the sort of ruthless abandon one might imagine chased Piggy off that cliff... at least until the tickle monster fought back.
In a hallway, leading to the room of a hanged man in spades
The boys woke up to little bags I had put together for them and if my gushy mood wasn't sweet enough, I crammed a whole lot of sugar in to make sure all bases were covered. These little babes were enough to send the tamest of sprockets off on a total sugar high. And to really show my devotion, I let them eat as much as they wanted for brekkie.
Mom: I always get the feeling that I'm bothering you, you are so short on the telephone and I don't ever know why. Always trying to rush me off the telephone because you're busy.
He breathed a sigh of relief
Money comes easily and freely to me.
I’m targeting high end relief right now in exchange for Brandon Morrow. I don’t believe Morrow’s stock will go any higher, so now’s the time to deal, especially with my vast surplus in SPs.
- 1 garlic clove, minced
02 Obsession
In "Kamaitachi," a 1965-68 series, Hosoe allegorizes his, and Japan's, isolation. A sad clown, named for an invisible "sickle-toothed weasel," roams rural districts in a mental fog. He perches like a frog in the corner of a giant fence; he looks utterly miserable in the middle of a happy crowd. Using an actor to express a childhood self could have been awkward, even melodramatic. But Hosoe's choreography is subtle, touching, strikingly ambiguous.
That's right, it's my first ever film review!
For new readers, I had an unplanned, in-labour, unnecessary caesarean with my first baby. By the time I had the caesarean it probably was necessary, however it was caused by a lot of interventions that were NOT necessary. If my body had been left well enough alone I would have given birth to my daughter.
I have been away from blogging for some days now.
Theorists of affect, particularly in relation to politics, often speak of political affect as a sort of level between individual and group. The rage of the Tea Party, the fuzzy optimism of the Obama campaign, these affects exist somewhere between individual and group as transvidual currents which exceed the realm of individuals, but aren’t necessarily solely identical with the group itself either. We can imagine the Tea Party without its rage, and the Obama campaign without its optimism (likely what we will see in it’s second coming in 2012).
But....if we are getting feedback that can be verified as true by more than one reputable and validating source, it is up to us to make corrections that will ensure we are living up to the highest principles that we have set for ourselves.
And we left follically- challenged Bald Spots pulling out any hair he has left with our 116-74 lop-sided, "biggest blowout" victory, despite the presence of his starting QB - some little known guy from New England.
1 scallion for garnishing
I hope everyone is prepared for Christmas day! I still have some wrapping to do, and today I plan on doing some serious baking!!! I know now, that next year I will need to start working on Christmas stuff a lot earlier than I did this year! I also have a million birthdays to prepare for during the week after Christmas. Both of my daughters, my dad, my mom-in-law, my nephew, and some friends of the family. My birthday is January 5th, and by the time that rolls around, everyone is pretty spent.
I'm not necessarily going for 12 more, but if I could, I'd be ecstatic! I'd be happy with 6. I didn't have this as anything I deliberately was doing - but now that I've "accidentally" lost 12 pounds, I might try and keep moving forward and see what happens!
Pogroms in Istanbul (1955) and government measures (1964) panicked the Greeks into leaving. Today there are only a couple of thousand still here. The state has slowly and quietly appropriated much of their property. To be fair, the AKP government has at last returned an old Greek orphanage on the Princes Islands near Istanbul, one of the world’s largest wooden buildings, but as recently as December 2009, the same AKP administration opened its Secretariat for EU Affairs in an old, confiscated Greek school along the Bosporus. This month it was announced that for the first time in the history of the republic a Turkish citizen of Armenian descent will be allowed to work for the state in this very Secretariat, provided he passes scrutiny by the secret service, MIT.
What's making you happy this fine Tuesday?
So here I am again, writing about what happened to me today. Well, worry not I won’t brag about something. To be honest I’m quite confused, no rather innocent– unfamiliar with this subject that I will discuss and I feel the need of writing this down and maybe I’ll find an answer.
B. Have belts checked and changed as needed
Note: After I tweeted this, someone wrote to tell me that a poppy seed on bread could lead to arrest! And another person advised that vanilla essence could do the same! Wow. Be careful, Everyone.
- hot flat and crowded
4. Sight and all the other senses too
There is, and always has been in our industry a subject-object between what people say they're going to do and what they actually do. There is, always has been, always will be a purgatory between the talkers and the doers. Between pontificators and pen-to-paper-ists.
- Washing powder – I buy the big boxes on an offer then cut it with half of soda crystals (around £0.69 per KG). This means one box has lasted us over 6 months, at a cost of around £5.50 for washing all our clothes for half the year.
I’ve already explained where my thoughts have been headed of late. If the craft beer revolution in America is winning (it is), if NABC has invested heavily in brewing its own beer (it has), and if the company continues to seek to be serious about promoting knowledge and education (it does), then a rote renewal of our traditionally expansive, top-heavy imported bottle strategy makes very little sense.
Admission of powerlessness is the first step in liberation. Step 1 is the only step that doesn’t mention a Higher Power or God.
We invite you to listen to the messages, no matter what denomination they may come from and embrace the truth behind the message.
The corners are made with SU punch finished off with two candy dots.Hope you like? please join us with this easy challenge you could win a voucher from Joanna Sheen!!!. I gave this card to my friend Tilly Trotter for her birthday and she liked it!Crafters
Okay, I’m not quite done with this topic, because I seem to be a little bit fixated on this face. Of course, he’s David McCallum, aka Illya Kuryakin, Dr. Mallard, Steel, Flight Lt. Simon Carter, etc… An actor who’s mandate was simply to keep working. It’s nice that in his later years he has the luxury of a hit show, and many many fans who still think he’s as lovely now as he was in the 60′s. We’re just a bunch of fangirls at heart.
mad-bhaktaḥ saṅga-varjitaḥ
FO Friday is usually about whatever finished crafty project has been completed. As in F(finished) O(object) for all you non-crafters out there. I've decided that I'm done. My FO this week is my relationship with the former Mister Tater. It's done.
5 sourced from Factory/PolyGram Canada 7" single FAC 26, revised version, EQ'd to match UK 7". Thank you very much, Clive!
I love it mostly because of the banter between Detective Kate Beckett (no-nonsense, sharp and yet disarmingly pretty), and writer Rick Castle (a cocky playboy who’s just vulnerable enough to be endearing). Of course, they spend a lot of time solving homicides, dealing with unsavory characters and trying not to get shot, but instead of being a crime show with a side of witty banter, this show is witty banter with a side of crime. The crimes provide the setting and much of the action, but the show is really about relationships – both the one between Castle and Beckett, and their relationships with the supporting cast (packed with more wonderful characters).
I have a looong way to go. I tried mixing vintage pics with the black, white, and gold. No go. I really don’t even like the small colored canvas in the upper left corner. Also, I should have bought museum putty to hold my pictures level.
:: leap from a cliff and felt the air rushing over me as I dove into water feet first...
A Threat to Small Commercial Fisheries
be honest
Donald and Peta added Karina for the jive. Donald said it's either the semi-finals or Jimmy Kimmel and he's not ready to see Jimmy. Definitely a lively jive! The judges praised Donald's ability to keep up and not miss a step. Score: 28 = 55
Before I understood why there was question and debate over the logo. Now, though, I literally have no clue as to why anyone would want to make others experience that kind of pain.
Weaknesses: Played in weak division. Came to football later in life so inexperienced. Inconsistent at times.
Loek van der Knaap: Electric Guitar, Acoustic Guitar
I need to get a better layout for the blog. Shout if you agree. There's no "follow" button. XP
In its wake, the coast is dark; all lights extinguished. A thin, meandering ribbon of road wends its way through a long, shallow lake, slick and shining like a patent leather raincoat. The palm trees have been groomed and the cottonwoods completely shorn.
"We've admitted five ladies who needed to give birth urgently, as well as five adults who were critically ill, from Helen Joseph, into our ICU, and one person who sustained a gunshot wound.
try it out. Why? Because I bought a pack of Oreos to
I really want to tell Taylor about how inspiring she and her music have been to me, but since Taylor Swift is an international superstar, she’s a little hard to reach. This is where YOUR help comes into play! I am giving away the biggest prize pack I've offered yet, and the ways to enter to win are by telling Taylor Swift about Remembrance.
At the SCBWI's 39th Annual Summer Conference in Los Angeles, Deborah Halverson, award-winning author of HONK IF YOU HATE ME, BIG MOUTH, and the upcoming WRITING YOUNG ADULT FICTION FOR DUMMIES (available in stores June 2011), gave an incredible presentation packed full of information writers would do well to heed before submitting their work to agents and publishers. A former editor at Harcourt, Halverson already had a wealth of editorial experience when she began writing her first novel while pregnant with her triplet sons. In her Ultimate Checklist workshop, she consolidated years of expertise into ten simple tests.
The moral of the story is to always watch movies in the original version. Dubbing is just plain bad, robbing actors of their performances, and can make you a total jackass when you’re confronted with someone who’s seen the real deal.
Since you will all be arriving at different times, we thought it would be nice to formally introduce the two people who will be at Villa il Trebbiolo to greet you when you walk through the door. That is, unless they’ve just stepped away for a coffee. In that case, you might see a handwritten sign saying torno subito, which of course means – I’ll be right back. Actually, that often-seen Italian note on the door will only appear IF you have missed the personal invitation, “Volete prendere un caffè, do you want to take a coffee?” In any case, the casual atmosphere will immediately put you at ease and in the mood to dream a little.
for I am God, your God.
I won't be buying from that seller again. I know my decision isn't exactly going to bring the seller to his knees. But I can't reward a counterfeiter with further business.
“I like pink too!”
Best-selling novelist Robert Liparulo is a former journalist, with over a thousand articles and multiple writing awards to his name. His first three critically acclaimed thrillers—Comes a Horseman, Germ, and Deadfall—were optioned by Hollywood producers, as well as his Dreamhouse Kings series for young adults. Bestselling author Ted Dekker calls The 13th Tribe, released in April 2012, “a phenomenal story.” Liparulo is currently working with director Andrew Davis (The Fugitive, The Guardian) on the novel and screenplay of a political thriller. New York Times best-selling author Steve Berry calls Liparulo’s writing “Inventive, suspenseful, and highly entertaining . . . Robert Liparulo is a storyteller, pure and simple.” Liparulo lives in Colorado with his family.
WITNESS: Guess.
Paper: Textured Cardstock, Heidi Swapp, Bobunny and Colormates.
Ducks and seagulls are scattered across the lake. When they take wing the water hardly stirs.
Do you love someone in New York? Do you live in New York and are loved by someone? Lucky you! This weekend I'm teaming up with my favorite boutique, Castor & Pollux, to host a Valentine's flower shop for all of your love-expressing needs. Kerrilynn's taste in unerring and I've been a fan of hers for years so it's a big honor to sell stems along side her.
Drain and rinse black beans and corn.
As I have struggled these past two weeks to discipline myself to do all that I need to do—not what I want to do—the thought came that God, our Father knows what we need, for all that He plans for us to do.
Peace out Bristol, I'm going to miss you.
GianCarlo Montebello
who they thought was weak and fragile to charge through the opposite line from the one
It is, in fact, so futuristic that Netflix gambled not once but twice that it would carry their business, making moves that angered much of their customer base and – ironically enough – allow little old me (and probably a lot of others) to opt-out of their streaming service altogether. The idea of the service is really amazing, actually. Streaming any movie to practically any device for a flat monthly fee? I mean, damn. On paper, that idea is incredible.
Stamps: Penny Black slapstick "You're the bestest"; Whimsy Friendship ticket stamps;
those sexytime magazines
2010.09.04 Afghanistan Ghazni 1 0 Sunni extremists behead a Shia businessman.
The majority of teenagers are fairly well behaved, and I don’t believe there’s a higher percentage of teenagers causing trouble than adults, so it is not specifically a teenager problem. Young people are a visible target because for many, their only option is to meet outside the home.
Sat-AM: 1:18, 2800' ~ Green Mt.
Fall in to us a bit more baby
Some of my fondest memories of childhood were when we had missionaries at our home for dinner. Hearing their stories, listening to their prayers—sometimes in lilting accents that felt exotic on my Mid-American ears—they were living proof that God’s Kingdom was bigger than I could fathom.
So lifting my life from the shore –
At retreat last month, I got my "Be Merry" Christmas BOM blocks done and laid out in sections. Last night I got 5 of the 7 sections together.
Hal: “You really are one of the most remarkable people I’ve ever met.”
Eventually, Jacob decided to take his wife and children and return to the West permanently – preferably Californa. It seemed the Wheelers’ continuing disregard toward them – along with news of his idol Jedediah Smith’s death – led to this decision. He almost seemed cold and distant toward his parents and Ezra. But he did not count on Jethro and his three female cousins’ decision to accompany him to California. Apparently, not all of the Wheelers viewed him as an oddball for his preference for the West. Jacob seemed heartened by Jethro’s decision to join him. And although Naomi, Rachel and Leah’s (Emily Holmes) decision to join the trek West took him by surprise, Jacob readily accepted their company. In the following narration, he came to this conclusion:
She aged, yet freckles still dotted
9:05 presley, bored with dora, wants some milk, head to the kitchen for breakfast
Now.... on the plus side, complete with thermal vest still, we are off to the South of France this weekend for our much needed holiday.... the downside is that we have to come back to move all the kitchen stuff out of the dining room back into the kitchen, then the rest of my craft stash back into my craft room. So you probably won't see me around for a bit..... but I haven't slashed my wrists over the kitchen debacle...... I'll just be sunning myself...... that is, if our accomodation hasn't been double booked or anything.....
With the courage to follow it,
early 20′s be-deck them selves in tattoos and face studs, thereby making
Art Deco is influenced by Greek, Roman, and Egyptian styles, as well as Aztec designs. Popular ornaments include chevrons, sunbursts and zig-zags. Materials used in Art Deco design, both industrial and decorative, include aluminum, stainless steel, chrome and Bakelite.
That is another thing that defines a true revolutionary: speaking up without fear. Despotic governments use fear tactics to keep the masses quiet, to make them afraid of speaking up. But revolutionaries do not fear these tactics. They become the voice of the people and speak up for them. They organize the people, make them see that things shouldn’t be this way, and that we don’t have to sit and let the chips fall where they may. You can actually stand up and do something about the whole thing! Problem is that this type of talk can lead to the governments making your life a living hell. They don’t like it when you speak up against them and tell them the truth in their faces, especially when said truth cannot be denied. That’s one thing I love about modern technology. Everyone has a camera on their phone; anyone can take a video of abusive government behavior and put it on You Tube or facebook and show the world how things are being conducted in their country and you know what they say “a picture speaks louder than a thousands words”
Midnight's voices taunt us,
We have two amazing sponsors this week
I've made a few pieces that had something wrong, or in my own eyes were not perfect so I won't offer them for sale. Most of it is in my own head, if you will, and wouldn't be noticed by any one else as a flaw, but Mom happened to pass the perfectionist gene to me....*sigh*
See you tomorrow for yet another Bundt. And keep coming back not just to see a Bundt, but to see if I go crazy doing this! :) Mark your calendars...National Bundt Day is November 15th!
((sigh))
Of course, anyone can make a poached asparagus with hollandaise sauce–though I am told this is the most popular way to eat the vegetable. It takes a certain level of skill to look past the stalk and really transform the asparagus (and yet still keep its unique flavor). Piccolo Angolo does this in spades with their asparagus ravioli. A special on their menu, the asparagus is pureed when fresh and folded into yummy ravioli pockets. All of this freshness brought to your plate equates to booking a flight straight to Italy and putting your face down in a big bowl of asparagus–but without the woody texture. A definite try for those who love asparagus and love to try something new!
So, being the gentleman, I set to rubbing her shoulders. I figured I could warm her up a little, and then we could fuck and go to sleep. That always seemed to do the trick.
master and mastiff urine
Come over here and let me hold your hand and hug you darling
The change in electoral systems which would benefit the British National Party is a move to PR (proportional representation). This would give us (and other parties like the Greens) seats in proportion to the share of the vote we achieve. Of course, that is not offered in this referendum.
For this layout I used:
Lia is flung up against some quite hard problems straightaway. What is the morality about keeping all the money? Should she give half to Jack, who bought the ticket? Buy a flat and go and live on her own or help out her struggling baker father and buy her family a new house? Should she stay on at school and take her exams? Lia is only sixteen and doesn't have all the answers.
not impossibly...
We've played a lot of shows that I'm going to remember. Our first show was in 2003 with Blacklisted, Frostbite, and a few other bands at Cafe Metro. Ned and Ben's dad dropped us off at the show since we couldn't drive yet, and about four of my friends showed up since with their parents since they thought the area wasn't good for kids that age. The show wasn't crazy or anything but, it was awesome though because it was the first one. We played a show there a bit ago right before the venue closed down, and that was great.
It is my personal opinion that approximately 99% of citizens couldn’t give a sincere and serious flying fuck about solving the alleged problems they complain about. They are only interested in whining like goddamn fucking 13 year old spoilt brats who have not been brought up by an adult mother or father.
17. Mammoth
“No one can serve two masters” Matthew 6:24
My editor said - "Oxland's LOST SOULS has the indomitable spirit of Philip Pullman's HIS DARK MATERIALS with the heartfelt camaraderie of Angie Sage's SEPTIMUS HEAP series."
BIG CHRIS: Did I say speak? And it’s Mr Harry to you . . . Now don’t disappoint me and choose your words carefully. You may speak.
You know how if you run a lot of trails you end up making up your own name for features? At the top of Wildcat you will find what I term the Circular Ruins (and if you're a Borges fan and you've read that, I'm the real one. I think. No fire or dreaming was involved at least. If you haven't read it you're wondering how much ayahuasca I'm on. Answer: not nearly enough.)
How to use: I like to wet a wash cloth with warm water, wring out the cloth, then dig the cloth into the cream with my index finger. I only do this once with a good amount of product so I’m not ‘double dipping’ my germs back into it. From there I rub the cream in circular motions until my face feels and looks clean. I love using wash clothes because it almost feels like I’m exfoliating my face. It’s soft yet harsh enough to scrub and get into the pores of my face. When I’m done rubbing in the cream, I fold the cloth over to a clean side and just wipe off the excess. This is not drying to your skin whatsoever, so if you leave a tiny film or layer of this product on your face, it’s not going to harm you. It’s almost like wearing an overnight mask.
The most dramatic change occurs in the number of motor units that are recruited to lift the load. In the case of the heavy loads these MU are maximized to their fullest extend.
York: Santorum may rise and make a splash
I looked around the room while they pushed on me, I looked at the adults and kids all supposedly in the grips of the Holy Spirit, and here I was, a Christian, someone who did believe in God, and I felt nothing at all. Part of me wanted to just drop to the ground and pretend, but I knew that wouldn’t be right either. So I just stood there as the man with his hand on my forehead; first pushed harder, then eventually moved on to the next person.
environs,’’ he said.
The procedure takes a while and a specialist team of nurses (certainly at the John Radcliffe, not sure for other hospitals) performs it in the ward.
And you know it blows right through me like a ball and chain
The worst part is, this can only end one of two ways. And both blow. The first way this can end badly is you end up spending a disproportionate amount of your time working on school work over your vacation, end up not getting any rest or personal To Dos checked off your list (There's always a list!), and return to work just as burned out as you were before it all began. Sounds rad, right? The other tragic ending to this tale is that you spend time (gasp!) actually enjoying yourself (Perish the thought!) while your Vacation Teacher Bag gathers dust and pet hair in the corner. The night before you return to your classroom (OH THE NIGHT BEFORE!), you spot your dust and hair covered bag filled with undone To Dos and feel a guilt unlike any other guilt you've felt before. Throw in the anticipated back pain from shlepping that bag all the way back to school and you've got yourself a recipe for quite the Debbie Downer end to your break.
“Paywalls aren’t likely to work for every publication.
We really resented the hoop jumping too, but we had to let go of those feelings
It's been a great day! I got a job offer which I'm going to take 10 minutes from my house (awesome). So, I start in a few weeks. I was feeling the color blue today so whipped something together. I should be posting my blog anniversary contest in the next few days. So, keep an eye out.
When I started going out female, a chance insult in the street meant more to me than all the acceptance of my Quaker meeting and work colleagues. It could crush me for days.
Manhattan
The fishermen also sometimes cite their culture and their traditions as a reason why they continue to hunt dolphins. But the fact is that hunting dolphins is not a tradition in Japan. The dolphin hunts started in 1986, when commercial whaling was banned. And a country’s tradition is something that people are proud of, not something that they go great lengths to cover up and hide. However, dolphin hunting is something that may be a tradition that runs in Japanese families. Izumi Ishii is a former dolphin hunter, who had simply followed his father’s footsteps, before undergoing a drastic change of heart. Izumi now uses his former hunting vessel to take tourists out to see dolphins in the wild. He says, “When fishermen are about to slit the dolphin’s throats, the dolphins open their eyes and tears come, and as soon as their throats are slit, they open their eyes and scream”.
I may have my trusted favorite brands, I'm assuming we all do, but when it comes to breaking out of the patterns we so blindly follow, I'm more than happy to give a new name a chance. This week I have been playing around with these pieces by Mezi... it did not take me very long to get impressed by the multi (multi) chain party and that awesome copper snake, I can undoubtedly say that this is another fantastic thing coming from Australia. Not only are the surfer boys a brilliant reason to visit Oz, but my list of brands to watch is starting to look very Aussie heavy. And I kinda really like that.
I’m now forty but still vividly remember that evening twenty-two years ago. I remember the elation of my Pentecostal friend who had invited me to the service. I remember the surprise of other friends later that night when, in responding to their questions about what I thought of the Pentecostal church, I baldly replied, “Well, I spoke in tongues tonight.” And I remember the joy I felt—a joy that without exaggeration is “joy unspeakable and full of glory” (1 Peter 1:8).
Undine – Fouque
No, I’m not offended. I’m not angry. I’m not anything at all, except very sad, and sad to a profound depth that even I’m surprised at feeling, having concluded long ago that it’s rare for me to feel much of anything, any longer.
They say the river’s gonna change its course (I Love You)
I had pink eye for a solid year when Wonder Boy was a toddler. Anytime it showed up at his daycare, I would get it. (He wouldn't.) It has been a few years since I was last afflicted, and I thought perhaps that I had finally gotten through all of the variants of the virus and might now be immune.
Another conceded that he "hadn't got out much" as he had been watching the Hallmark Channel.
“Let her go,” he said and she shook her head.
James Weldon Johnson (1871-1938) wrote a poem in 1922 called, “The Creation”,
Well, if you accept the concept of Dunbar’s number, and you want to maintain relationships with thousands of supporters, you’re going to need lots of people, like:
I never had a best friend that I could eternally trust,
Betfred Bowl at Aintree. In 2011, he trained the brilliant Hurricane Fly to win the Champion Hurdle at the Cheltenham Festival, having won the Irish equivalent in January. He has saddled 24 winners at the Cheltenham Festival, more than any other current Irish handler. Mullins has approaching 200 horses at his Closutton yard near Bagenalstown in Co Carlow and his first John Smith’s Grand National runner as a trainer, Micko’s Dream, fell at the first in 2000. The loquacious Mullins, a former chairman of the Irish Trainers’ Federation, also suffered heartache in 2004 when Hedgehunter departed at the final fence in the John Smith’s Grand National when looking assured of a place. He overcame bad luck in the John Smith’s Grand National the following year when Hedgehunter came home 14 lengths clear of Royal Auclair. Hedgehunter was then second in 2006, ninth in 2007 and 13th on his final start in 2008 when stable companion Snowy Morning came third. He has been champion Irish jump trainer for the past four seasons and is on course for a fifth title in
5. Stop Being Such a Know It All
I enjoyed the aspect of this story it was different to all the other books that I have read. The writing was easy to read and flowed off the page with ease. The characters were all well rounded and I did enjoy reading Carmen’s story, she was easy to relate to and she also grew throughout the book. I also loved how the story ended, it ended in just the right place for me and by that point I really like Jeremy and Carmen’s romance.
So much for the idea of progress. When was the last time you sent someone a poem, or even more esoterically, replied to a poem – with another poem of course?
Before we exited our buses, a large pickup truck pulled up next to us with more children seated in the back. They were kids from other sites belonging to the children’s home who had come to greet us as well. The truck had a safety rail on each side of the bed consisting of four long horizontal planks of wood spaced six inches apart. The planks were nailed to four wooden posts along the walls of the truck. Several sets of little eyes peered through the slats at us. All of the children greeted us with great enthusiasm.
A couple of my British girlfriends have come to Germany under contracts similar to Chris’s. They were able to find some companies that would cover them as long as they didn’t get pregnant and actually had to sign something saying they wouldn’t get pregnant. They both decided if they unintentionally got pregnant, they would move back to the U.K. and have their pregnancy charges covered under Britain’s National Health Insurance. My plan is not this restrictive, though it makes me see how lucky my friends are to have the option of returning to their home country with universal coverage, if needed.
I confess that my dog-thoughts are the result of living with a puppy since Bright Monday. We are daily rejoicing and struggling with the consequences of his dog nature in the environment of my human house. He is learning and I am learning. Given my propensities, I cannot help but theologically reflect on it all.
Back to the blue bicycle. When you first see one of these gasoline assisted bikes the first thought is Hey whatsamatta, to lazy to peddle? This is not a recreational vehicle. These people where probably driving a truck or car just like you or I a short time ago. The high cost of insurance, maintenance and fuel is forcing people to make sacrifices that they had not counted on or volunteered for. Getting sweated up and out of breath peddling on the way to work in office clothes or making that five mile distance to the grocery store is one more sacrifice they would rather avoid – for now.
out version of love,
Being still makes me cry.
The day after we arrived, we decided to make the hour and a half drive down to Galveston to hang out on the beach and relax. Ohhh, was it relaxing. I think I'd like to move there. Though the hurricanes make me think twice.
“Buongiorno tutti,” purred the Italian.
So, now I have this internal struggle that I hate having. On one hand, I believe that I'm beautiful just as I am and fuck you if you don't think so. On the other hand, I'm in crap shape, and at 35, I'm not getting any younger. The older I get the harder it will be to lose the excess baggage, and I know deep in my heart of hearts that I need to get healthier.
So is their a magic elixir that could fix the next generation problem of development costs out doing retail profits?
A fire near Utrecht station wreaked havoc with rail transport all over the country.
6. Aloha Oe
In a time that no man knows;
The method mattered not because he was the treasure.
One way of answering this question would be to deny the legacy publishing model is suboptimal at all. You could also respond by acknowledging some degree of suboptimal behavior, while denying that the behavior is the result of a lack of competition. I doubt I'd be persuaded by such arguments, but I would welcome them because they'd be on point.
We had shop pizza this evening, mainly because Rella and I went out to the supermarket (via a DIY shop to buy some more sealant for the shower in the hope that this time it won’t go mouldy – probably too much information) and we were seduced by cheap pizzas (a little odd in retrospect because Rella wasn’t going to eat English pizzas again having only recently returned from being spoiled by the real thing in Italy – the fickleness of youth).
Music brings you closer to God, that’s why the music department is so crucial in ministries.
We plan to hire a kayak and go for a bit of a paddle and find a nice spot for a picnic lunch, which should be fantabulous. And then tomorrow night it's a BBQ at one of my friend's new house.
Pee. Well, you asked!
**and that's the end of my 5 minutes!**
Cooking spray
But my public predictions about where gold prices are headed have been much higher. I’m expecting gold to trade at $3,000 before the bull market in the yellow metal is over.
Blog or web site: Yeah, need to get onto that someday, probably...
What is the secret to this mac and cheese that makes it oh-so-creamy and much healthier for you than regular mac and cheese? Pumpkin. Yes, that’s right. This mac and cheese has pumpkin in it. You can’t even taste it, except for how creamy it makes the dish taste.
Thus, I ended up, in the stirrups, while she explained what she was doing, showed him what she was looking for--as in, "see, there's her cervix"--and generally used me as a lesson point.
Prince contributes guitar, keyboards, bass and vocals, lending the
honest and fair,
Sometimes, one of the hardest things to negotiate in a marriage is money. This can definitely be a struggle in any relationship, but marriage can add the complex layer of fully joining finances (or not). And as it so happens, money is also one of those things that polite society just doesn't talk about. It can be tricky to talk finances with family and friends and I've noticed that, at least in my own life, when it is discussed people tend to paint broad strokes and avoid getting down to the nitty gritty details.
Mugabe's and Mswati's authoritarian actions bear striking similarities, both:-
I do not want to spend any time in jail or prison.
However, when I thought of 「こぼれたるミルク」（spilt milk） in English, I came to correlate it with the saying "It is no use crying over spilt milk."
Most English versions render v. 3 as, “…who was descended from David…” but perhaps “descended” is not the best word to convey Paul’s thought here. He uses γίνομαι, which certainly can mean, “to come into being through process of birth or natural production.”[14] If Paul intended to convey the idea that Jesus was “descended” from David, we might have expected him to use γεννάω, which will be addresses shortly. Instead, γίνομαι can carry an idea far beyond natural lineage such as, “to experience a change in nature and so indicate entry into a new condition, to make a change of location in space, to come into a certain state or possess certain characteristics, or to be present at a given time.”[15] One might translate Rom. 1:3 as, “…concerning his son, having come about (or, having become) out of the seed of David…” Regarding the later concept, Moo says “The first participial clause (v. 3b) focuses on the Son of God coming into human existence. This clause assumes the preexistence of the Son.”[16] In this regard, the New Testament concept of divine sonship, and especially the notion of divine procreation, far exceeds anything we see in the Hebrew Bible.
4. Is your chosen market filled with disposable earnings?
I have placed a market sell order with stop above the wick reversal candle (212523) and target near the support level where it rebounded… I used fibonchi retracement to help me with the decision… the 50% retracement seem to be the consolidation so my hypothesis for this trade is that the high won’t be tested… The downside here is that i am using 5 mins chart so this might be too prone to false move.
Dr Lombardo is board certified in adult, child and adolescent psychiatry and is a diplomate of the American Society of Clinical Psychopharmacology. He is the author of “Understanding the mind of your bipolar child”
The new iOS 5 operating system on the iPhone 4S has over 200 new features. The new Notification Centre shows missed calls, messages, calendar invitations, friend requests and more. The camera app can now be accessed quickly from the lock screen, it has grid lines, pinch-to-zoom and touch focus. Photos can be edited from the photo viewer, with crop, rotate, enhance and red eye removal. Other highlights to iOS 5 include iCloud, Twitter integration, iMessage and Reminders.
Being a parent today is a huge privilege and a daunting challenge. It raises so many questions about how to love your children, how to live your family life, and how to pass on your Catholic faith.
All of these photos are from our amazing new camera, courtesy of my parents for Christmas. We're still plugging our way through all the bells & whistles (i.e. Rod is reading every single page of the manual and giving me the highlights I'll be most likely to remember/use), and will hopefully be pros by the time el bebe makes his arrival. It's less than 3 weeks away at this point...I can hardly believe it.
Fucking skateboarding. I love it- nice ollies over the hip and some buttery 5-0 grinds on the small slant ramp. I hate it- frontside rock to faceplant, pathetic attempts at a pop shuvit over the hip, general lack of skills and bad ollies over the hip.
I used this tutorial, which is very good, # 10 crochet thread and an E/4 hook. I prefer #3 thread but it's hard to come by around here.
Maybe this lack of straightforwardness leads to a strong preference that hardens into a rule (the “one right way” fallacy). Maybe unfamiliarity fuels the presumption of wrongness. Whatever the causes, a weird cult of correctness has built up around different from that excludes alternatives. It is, as Lynne Murphy puts it, “the only variant that is universally considered to be ‘correct’ by the people who make declarations about such things”. Presumably for this reason, CGSAE recommends sticking with different from “for Formal and Oratorical levels”.
I know it will actually hurt business even ruining the bottom line of those they mean to protect!
1 chafing
Some of My babies are either adopted,
Figure 5: A comparison of M4 money supply growth, RPI and GDP growth. Source: BOE, ONS.
Pete Swanson's newest album is a pulsing, aggressive noise record that blends the industrial menace of his former band Yellow Swans with dancefloor techno and glitchy 90s IDM. It's a potent blend, and the album's six epic compositions churn with noisy waves of distortion weaving between the pounding techno beats, with bits and pieces of electronic detritus flying around the edges. On the closer, "Face the Music," the techno reference point is hidden, nearly erased by the volatile onslaught of digital noise; it feels, rather than sounds, like there's an actual techno track hidden somewhere in the mix, a ghostly subliminal presence that exists only as the faintest forward pulse hidden at the core of the dense sound. The opening track, "Misery Beat," is more direct in its rhythmic drive, and in between these two extremes Swanson explores various intersections between dance music, abstraction and noisy catharsis. [buy]
Rating: (28) (4)
09) Like A Hurricane (Neil Young)
This is an issue that is really important to me. I already did a case-specific piece about Whole Foods fat punishment program, I am working with my publicist to do more corporate talks about this, and today I want to talk about it from a more global perspective.
...a couple of prim, pillow tucks...
trails of stardust
Matteo "Love is my Drug" Yazge
The ADA advises that all covered dentists should organize their practice management and electronic claims software vendors to be ready by 5010. If dental billing systems need to upgrade to be able support version 5010, the dentists should verify the same with the vendor. Dental offices that go through clearinghouses to transmit claims electronically will be required to upgrade systems and curtail claims that do not synchronize with the latest information. Version 5010 specifications are not part of the HIPAA Privacy and Security Rules but have their origins in the HIPAA Transactions and Code Sets regulations. Clearinghouses that dental offices might use to transmit their claims electronically are also required to upgrade their systems and should curtail claims that do not include the latest information. Covered dentists who change submission of claims or who introduce new technology should go through re-evaluation of HIPAA security procedures and policies and update them accordingly.
It was years later when my best junk friend John tried to infect me. In reality he was nowhere close and his pathetic attempt would never have worked anyway. At that stage I was too wary of other users to ever do anything silly. But he still tried and that's the thing, and that's what made me sad.
4)You can add or delete clipboards or clips
I mentioned a few weeks ago, that archaeologist Bill Kelso was being honored for his discovery of the original 1607 James Fort in Virginia that was long thought lost to river erosion. Kelso is back in the news as further work at James Fort has meant the excavation and removal of Ft. Pocahontas, a Confederate fortification built on top of the southern portion of James Fort during the Civil War. The earthworks of Ft. Pocahontas were full of Seventeenth century artifacts as the archaeological deposit was the Confederates' source for fill.
No show beats out The Vampire Diaries for music. However, for theme music, I guess I’d say How I Met Your Mother has a better opening than Switched at Birth (now that I think about it, I don’t think SAB has a theme song).
Sorry for my boring blogs this week... I actually went on a short vacation with family Monday through Wednesday, so I'm a little lacking in interesting things to show you guys (or rather, lacking in photos of stuff!)
The Fourth Doctor and Leela are reunited in a brand new series of audio adventures! DWM goes behind the scenes and catches up with Tom Baker and Louise Jameson as they prepare to battle the Master, the Daleks, Kraals and more…
Our No Fun City had nothing to do all the time, so we often went looking for trouble. Usually, we found it pretty quickly. It was right where we had left it.
It is a unique opportunity to prove in a new work context, where mental and physical agility are key players.
The search warrant for the lacrosse house contained no mention of a broom; and at no point in her myriad stories did the accuser claim assault by a broom.
"This is the first decade to see a year-over-year consistent population decrease due to natural causes," said Mary Heim, chief of the Finance Department's demographic research unit.
Next up is;
Dawn’s new parents were stricter, too. She wasn’t allowed on the bus on her own, and she had to stay in her room until she’d finished her times tables.
O, I need this
The three of us started talking about the TV show, I was still trying to figure out if they were talking about the same TV show that I had watched, and they said that they think that the TV show was called The Creators or Creators.
No. Wrong. The press release shows a photograph of a bottle of claret of indifferent provenance, with a brand name that no one has ever heard of. Words fail me.
Getting farmers to take the grain is a rather common practice among craft brewers, that is, when there are nearby farmers available (it's not always the case). So it may not seem like a big deal that Harvest Moon's spent grain ends up being dispatched in this fashion.
I rest my hands on my hips and turn my back on the mossy fortress and the secrets of sisters. I face the honeysuckle. Or the lilac.
3) A Barrage Of EMP And Missile Attacks Wipe Israel And US Military Bases Off The Map
SO...if we were face to face you'd probably be looking at me like I'm cray-zee! I'm testing out products to see which one I like best for me to wear my hair curly. And I'll admit - nothing is really working out for me. I have a heap of wavy/curly mess sitting ontop my head.
“Mr. Smith?”
The kid smiled and shuffled over to him.
"Front sight...pressss..."
Yeah, so after all of the planning an preparation of last night, an oversight on my part limited our bottling efforts to only one batch, the Bipartisan Porter (MB0025). We'll take care of Ode to the Halper (MB0026) later this weekend.
Ontario, CA 91764
I first met Upstate New York's own Gluten Free cooking diva Elizabeth Barbone at a celiac support group meeting back in 2007 when I first feeling my (gluten-free) oats as a GF cook. She was a guest speaker at our meeting, and she bedazzled me with her cool purple Kitchen Aid mixer, the cookies and cupcakes she made for us to sample and her lively presentation.
Today I have mainly been gardening, avoiding showers and catching up on inside jobs whenever the weather has forced me indoors. I am inelegantly dressed in track suit bottoms, which are covered in the dust of Cotswold stone gravel, especially around the knees, a tee-shirt and a fleece which is about 15 years old and still going strong. Outdoors this ensemble was finished off with my wellies, but indoors it’s just slippers. The next load of washing is in, but not yet finished and the last cloudburst is just passing over. However I won’t be going back outside for more gardening as shifting gravel has quite exhausted me and my golfer’s elbow has been aggravated.
And I step out and he freaks..
6. Be a high value girl -
Well, that may be true; it might all be quite innocuous. If any of our readers were there, or could find the minutes of the meeting (translated into English), please let me know. In fact, that phone number is probably still good — you could try calling Valeria or Pablo and see what they have to say.
Video:
I colored the image with copics. The lace die is by MFT. I cut two of them and put them together and attached the ribbon in the middle. I made the flowers, ferns and leaves using Martha Stewart punches. The sentiment was computer generated using PSE, and then layered using the round and scalloped dies by Spellbinders.
Established officially since 1708 near the Bécancour River, the W8linak community is located about twenty kilometers from Trois-Rivieres. This peaceful Abenaki community is distinguished by its wildlife preserve located in Haute-Mauricie. In all seasons, this area of 120 km2 and 40 lakes offers a main building with four rooms and seven furnished camps, outdoor enthusiasts led by experienced guides will canoe down the river, cross the lake, observe wildlife (bears, beavers, moose, deer, wolves, foxes) and participate in Indigenous culture by reviving the ancient lifestyle and traditions. A magnificent belvédère built by the Indigenous peoples will lead you to the heart of the forest or to a tree which has a story to tell.
Detective Constable Ash Henderson has a dark secret…
1 dispersed
2. Bring Life-Long Aspiration to Fruition
I have been to Hong Kong quite a few times on official work but never on a dedicated holiday. Hence I have never had a chance to completely explore this city but still managed to see small parts in my spare time like the Causeway Bay, the Peak, Kowloon, the Night Markets, LKF, the longest elevator, a few Malls etc. Over all these visits I have come to really like this city because in a number of ways it reminds me of Mumbai – with its crowds, choas, traffic, smells etc. But that’s a topic for another day and another post as today is for the Chinese New Year.
Angel-a
Now for the 'How To'...
The bad news is a number of the songs don't add a whole lot to the proceedings. "Get a Life," "See You Around," and "You'll Get Me Back" simply are unmemorable. As a result the album is never able to generate much momentum behind it. Still, the high points are high enough for repeated listens.
so I can get down on one knee, on both
“Kathryn, are you sure?” Jaspers voice was filled with tears as he wrapped his arms around her, the two of them gazing at the city skyline.
Blogging forces me to take off my masks. The ones I wear to present an “always happy face.” When posting, there is this uncomfortable cringing that occurs as you expose your artistry (or lack of it) to the online community—risky but tantalizing.
I literally just started working on it tonight, but here is what I have in store:
Could you give us some idea of your tastes, the kinds of books you're looking to acquire and what really excites you?
One notes there are FOUR (4) pending applications claiming priority to the '315 application:
Something very unique happened in Southern Africa in the middle 1600's - something very different from the other so-called colonized continents. I am talking about North America, New Zealand and Australia. In these countries the colonizers were met by the natives on the beach. It is well known that the only 'natives' the Dutch met on the beach (Cape Town) were Hottentots (Southern African Bushmen) - THERE WERE NO BLACKS. The first blacks were only 'discovered' further north along the east coast of South Africa, nearly a full 100 years later - more or less the same time Captain Cook met the Aboriginals in Australia.
EAGLES
The United States Distance Learning Association, the nation’s premier distance learning association since 1987 presents its 2012 International Distance Learning Awards, the premier awards for the distance learning industry. These prestigious awards are presented annually to organizations and individuals, and recognize four categories of excellence: 1) 21st Century Best Practice Award; 2) Best Practice Awards for Distance Learning Programming; 3) Excellence in Distance Learning Teaching Awards; and 4) Outstanding Leadership by an Individual Award. The USDLA International Distance Learning Awards were created to acknowledge major accomplishments in distance learning and to highlight those distance learning instructors, programs, and professionals who have achieved and demonstrated extraordinary achievements through the use of online, videoconferencing, and satellite/video delivery technologies globally.
“I’m sorry, but with all due respect, did you say that ‘no crime has been committed’? Perhaps you are not aware that the Sedition Act has been enforced in Singapore on a few occasions in the last 5 years, even in cases related to online postings.” – Michael
PHOTO: Kyle G. Grieser. Post updated 6/26/06.
We do the best we can, but we’re not quite in the right spiritual mindset yet.
But there I was, an 11-year-old with ruined college and career plans.
one point. And suddenly being observed made me terribly
He made some sort of gesture, but I didn't notice.
"We urge smokers not to use electronic cigarettes because unlike regular cigarettes, it is not known whether e-cigarettes are safe for their intended use, it is not known what types of potentially harmful chemicals are found in these products, and it is not known how much nicotine they are inhaling when using these products. Thus, with electronic cigarettes, you get a bunch of unknowns. But with regular cigarettes, you get a sure thing. We know exactly how unsafe these products are for their intended use. We also know thousands of the harmful chemicals that are found in cigarettes. And to boot, the consumer knows exactly how much nicotine he or she is getting because those levels are tightly controlled by the tobacco industry.
What if you were blind and could not see the bright colors of the characters on the blanket or the funny outfit the bear wore? What if all you had was how it felt to you?
Hind sight as they say is 20/20 vision, which is why most ‘predictions’ only become clear after the event or are proved totally wrong. Yet some are so spot on we wonder why we didn’t realise at the time, it is as if the author had a window to the future and was warning of what was to come, we just didn’t listen. 1984 was one, parts of Atlas Shrugged another.
jeannecollageoflife@gmail.com with your details.
Let’s talk a bit about you Tony. What made you want to get into the industry in the first place?
We used her photo and step-by-step instructions. It was fairly simple and everyone managed very well.
Service: The owner was VERY friendly and eager to help you; it was a bit intimidating for an introvert like me. She clearly knows a lot about textiles. This would be a great place to have a big shopping spree.
This is what I call “Aging as a Spiritual Practice,” and each chapter of my book explores a different aspect of aging from this wisdom perspective. I don’t shy away from the negative or difficult aspects of aging — illness, financial insecurity, worry, loss — but I make sure to also stress the positive side. I must, because so many people to whom I have talked to tell me that on balance they are, as they age, happier than they have ever been. Yes there are fears, and the older we become to closer we come to the end of this life’s adventure. But to the question I posed at the outset — what will we do with this extra gift of years that modern life expectancy has offered us — I answer, Enjoy it! Enjoy it as much as possible, and share that joy, because the younger generations coming up behind us need our example and our encouragement. So it has been in every generation, and will continue to be.
Why, oh why did I not leave the gravel shifting to the three men in my life?
I ran a half marathon. That is 13.1 miles for those that don't know. I did that on March 20th, 2011. I'm not sure if I will ever do it again, but I would like to. Right now I'm just enjoying my treadmill runs, but in the back of my mind I know I want to run a full marathon sometime.
Charlie Blackwell (I) and ‘No Frills’ Chris Escondido (I) run in and clip Attack Watch’s knee.
We officially finished Spring Break. We took the week off of anything studious....although I'm pretty sure the very 'light' month we've had doesn't leave the kids 'needing' a break.
The art department could have used a little help creating a more exciting cover. I almost left this one in the discount bin...
His wife, Vice President Joe Biden and many of his cabinet secretaries are using the Air Force’s fleet of VIP aircraft to visit more states as the election season speeds up.
I was just talking to Dan Weirback about the $1.1 million expansion that starts today at Weyerbacher Brewing...more on that very shortly...and after he hung up, he called me back about three minutes later: his brewer, Chris Wilson, had seen the seasonals post below, and wanted Dan to make a response. Not a problem, I'm all for it.
A: It's the Hank Aaron. The Home Run King -- there's another guy that has the record, but the Home Run King is Hank Aaron. I was there for the game when 756 was hit, I was playing first. Deep down inside, when (Barry) Bonds hit it, I wanted to stick my foot out and trip him.
I love TED.com. I really do, and TedXAustin 2011 was my third TED experience. Each of my TED experiences have been uniquely different, and left me even more certain that I was deeply in love with TED.
You probably need a drink, too, waiting for this campaign to end. So here's the recipe for the cocktail that knocked me and Obama for a loop:
11. Elvis Presley - I've Got Confidence
Do you have any friends that you instantly felt connected to? A friend who you sometimes wonder if you're the same person because you're so similar, in so many ways? Not the same kind of friend as one you've known your whole life, but one you couldn't live your life without?
I would like to share the link to Brianna's page as well as her memorial fund. If you can show any emotional or financial support to the people that are grieving an unimaginable loss, it would be appreciated. If there is someone that you can share her story with that it may help, please do.
R: Ranches ~ a few years ago we visited some ranches in Wyoming and met some truly amazing people.
· 50% concession in fare in AC-2, AC-3, Chair Car & Sleeper classes to patients
"Geekygirl, you can change your clothes whevever you like" he assured her.
It has made my hair dryer, but not dramatically so and when conditioned it doesn't frizz that much. A little serum is all I've used to keep it smooth.
Place egg whites in bowl and beat on high until soft peaks start to form. Slowly add 2 tablespoons of the sugar and continue beating until stiff and glossy. In another bowl beat egg yolks and remaining sugar. Whip until thick and very pale in color.
Paint sets (pressed type):
And maybe that is where the “instability” cited in the gospel quote above can come in. I, myself, am not a man of faith, but I am a man of strong convictions. It is with conviction that I commit my words to paper and continue my own meagre mission of service, hoping that someone somewhere will benefit from my efforts and be inspired to pick themselves up and carry on after a devastating loss, or even just be inspired to follow their creative impulses through to completion.
Joshua Bilton
The obvious questions around Allardyce’s sacking, Kean’s appointment and false promises of investment aside; the one thing that surely nobody in the footballing world can comprehend is why the owners – as Rovers plunge, potentially Championship-bound, into more and more misery – are set on destroying the club faster than Mario Balotelli can light up a bathroom full of fireworks.
Used Bonnie's lovely texture Wicked on one of the apple blossoms, which were so lovely.
OK, I've always been 'free' in many senses of the word, but yesterday I actually did some free motion quilting, which has not happened in many moons.
Congratulations.
This tape dates from around 1997. The early tapes of his that I heard were all in Tamazight. Apparently he records and performs in Arabic as well, as in this TV performance (which features an odd looking instrument - appears to be a 6-string guitar converted to use 4 thick strings - like the lotar):
Oh yes the OP loves to go all-in, probleby therefore he plays poker, to get the adrenaline when all his money is in the pot.
Let me try to explain. The blurb leaves you wanting more and let me tell you it starts off with a bang. Straight into the action and story. I was excited and the book did move along very quickly however when I finished reading I was left thinking, ‘What?’ I felt like the whole book was really only the beginning of a book. With everything the blurb promised I was expecting more story.
Where did the med supplies come from, I hear you ask? From Partners in World Health, a non-profit that collects new, unused, perfectly good supplies thrown out at American hospitals. Your healthcare dollars at work: If the outside wrapping has been broken, but the individual wrapping is still unbroken/sanitary, the supply cannot be used. If it’s last year’s model, out it goes. Partners in World Health is basically a huge warehouse in Scarborough, ME, run by an RN who knows her stuff, and she has enlisted other RNs to collect all this stuff that would otherwise go into a landfill. She gets it sorted and inventoried, and recycles it to other countries via volunteers who agree to take it. Hey, it’s not as though healthcare were pricey in our country, or anything,
And you can't do it alone. For me, it took God, my parents, professionals, a therapist, and some important friends. I was the one doing the hard work. But if I tried to do it by myself, I would have failed over and over again. God held me in the most difficult times of my healing. Whenever I thought I felt the most afraid, the most alone, I would pray and open myself up to His love and grace and realize that He was with me- not only at that moment but also when things were happening in my childhood and that He cried with me. I had my parents by my side- paying my hospital bills, coming to family therapy, hearing what I was willing to stop protecting them from. I had friends and teachers who sent me cards, talked to me on the phone to keep my spirits up, came to visit.
So varied interests make life rich, and Joe's boredom is making him just... boring.
-Contains beneficial microbes
Bliss to me is meeting Temple Grandin and also playing my Bejeweled game :).
Jameson Parker has been married to actress Darlene Carr (“The Streets of San Francisco”) since 1992 and has done very little acting since Simon and Simon ended. His most recent work was on the series “Jag” in 2003-2004.
"It could probably be shown by facts and figures that there is no distinctly American criminal class except Congress."
“Here, let me off here.” I rap on the door of the carriage nosily to stress my point.
01 Hungry Heart (3:56)
"When was she admitted?"
For I am a One
Premieres: October 4, 2010
- I had run out of bread flour (it happens, even to bread bakers!), so I combined 2/3 all purpose flour with 1/3 high gluten flour (approximately).
9E. Strong Scotch Ale
2 C. light cream
So whilst I trudge around in 4-year-old clothes from back when they sold shit in my size, the land-whales strut around like they own the place, in their "SMALL" tshirts.
I applied the Ith Yucca Root & Soap nut No-Foam Shampoo and cleansed my hair. My hair definitely felt clean after applying this cleanser. There were no suds in comparison to most of the cleansers I have used prior. My hair and scalp felt clean, and I just love that clean feeling.
“What is that red thing sticking out of the ground over there?” She asked, vaguely annoyed. “I hope the little kids haven’t been leaving trash out.” (Meg’s always been the clean, motherly type, and well, when you have 5 or 6 siblings below you, it’s a coping mechanism.) Emily obediently rowed us closer to the shore and after some squinting, and poking with the oar, we discovered the little piece of red was part of a plastic tarp. It was protruding from the ground by only a few inches.
Reign of the Snake Men - Emile C. Tepperman
"Be a good girl and you can have one after Lexi gets her hair cut," was my calm, matter-of-fact answer. However, all anyone heard was, "Be a good girl..." before my words were cut off by screaming of epic proportions. Brooklyn threw herself down on the floor and continued to cry as if someone was kicking her. Yep, that's a perfectly normal, justified reaction, don't you think?
That just made me go OMG what is this book about I must read it.
We had dressed up for the day, and I had worn a tight, red turtleneck with tight, black pants and tall, heeled boots – and, of course, a pair of devil horns.
I apologise for the sadly-neglected nature of my poor little blog of late, but I couldn't let such an occasion as the 235th birthday of Miss Jane Austen pass unremarked!
38 him
While the article below paints the true picture of why the West had ganged-up against the terrorist Gaddafi, it paints a realistic picture of what white South Africans can expect when the Revolution strikes.
This book, I'm certain, will bless the lives of the people who read it, but not only that, it's going to bless a whole lotta people near and far because all proceeds are being donated to two charities. One is Hands of Hope - "Hands of Hope is a community of women helping women and children in crisis, with a current focus on Africa." The other is Wings (Women in Need Growing Stronger) - "WINGS helps homeless and abused women and children by offering integrated services that meet their needs for shelter, education, guidance and support."
This is a beautiful purple polish with silvery shimmer running through it. The shade of purple is lovely, very vibrant and not quite like other purples in my stash.
OK. This is hard, and I will need your support...
We are shown the robot army and they are flying in formation chanting, “Princess! Princess! Princess!” I kind of am on their side, as of now, just because I’m a big fan of chanting. Chanting! Chanting! Chanting! Plus, you kind of have to admire that kind of focus and drive.
On occasion, I’ll forget to pee, and my multiple urination-bursts will add up. And I’ll take a piss that takes slightly longer than cooking a baked potato. You know the piss, the one that consists of five stages:
Men of War: Condemned Heroes is the newest installment in the best-selling Men of War series which fuses tactical thinking with the action-packed direct control mode.
The only way Kaoru can swim with his head above the water is by swimming on his side. Like this, he can pretty much only swim in circles. When he tries to row the boat they rented, he could only travel in a circle. Rather apt for a teen who is frustrated with life, don’t you think? The only way he can live his life is going through the same old self-destructive routine, going nowhere. Sentarou meanwhile has no problems at all, cutting straight and true through the water. He seems to progress through life with no trouble, constantly moving forward. Naturally, Kaoru is jealous of his effortless approach to life, so he seeks to emulate Sentarou’s actions, with the eventual aim of surpassing him – beating him at his own game. Hence, we arrive at Kaoru consumed with his one-sided rivalry – fanatically practising the introduction to Moanin’, believing that this will somehow make Ritsuko swoon; jumping into a fight he couldn’t possibly win to lend his help to Sentarou, thereby leaving him indebted to Kaoru; taking over rowing duties to impress Ritsuko.
No two paralegal jobs are the same, but there are some general similarities among in-house positions. In-house paralegals typically do not have a billable-hour requirement. Some companies do have paralegals track their time and maybe even “bill” or account for their time to other departments, but it is rare. It is also likely to have a more set schedule with little or no overtime. In-house paralegals typically have more autonomy, variety, and responsibility in their legal roles. For this reason, most corporate legal departments hire experienced paralegals who have had a wide-range of experience and training.
Creamy Cashew Milk – yield about 2 cups
Add the glaze mixture; cook over medium heat until center of chops registers 140 degrees on instant-read thermometer, 5 to 8 minutes. Remove skillet from heat; transfer chops to clean platter, tent with foil, and let rest 5 minutes. The ideal temperature should be 155F once the meat has rested, as it continues to cook.
Finally last week was it for me. The entire week the dad would in the mornings walk right past me not even acknowledging I was there. One morning he actually brushed up against my arm knocking me back a little and still didn't say a word to me, but before he left he said to the mom in a hateful tone, "Make sure you talk to her about all of the issues we are having with her." When she sat down to talk to me, the "issues" were I used too much milk for the babies, I used the AC too much (even though they told me to put the temperature at whatever made me comfortable, so I set it at 70), and that they couldn't afford to pay for all my mistakes. So on Thursday (I normally am paid $500 every 2 weeks on Friday, and that amount includes for Friday's childcare) I asked to be paid early. The dad flipped out interrogating me as to why, I told him I needed it for gas and bills. He gave it to me, I walked out, and emailed the mom and told her I quit. I told her all the nasty things the dad said to me and that I couldn't take it anymore, I told her that by my calculations they owed me over $600 in overtime wages and that the $500 they gave me that included for Friday, that the Friday amount I will just consider towards the back pay the dad owes me. I then changed my phone number. That night my husband got a flood of calls and texts on his phone, somehow they had his number I must of given it to them. They were acting all nice saying please the kids adore you please don't leave. My husband told her I wouldn't talk to her on the phone but she could email me back. The next morning she emailed me a hateful email saying I owed 2 weeks notice to her and I better come back Monday. I told her she owed it to me to honor her side of the contract and treat me with respect.
I went to Beth's today after lunch to get some shots of her blooming things. As you all will see this week blooming things tickle my fancy. Beth's yard is filled with fragrance too. I wish I could have photographed the smell of these Asiatic Lillies. Most people love them....they remind me of funerals and are suffocating to me.
A week later, Charles is still not back in school and Stephanie is concerned. Jesse tells her that he made some calls and found out that Charles was put in foster family. Stephanie angrily lashes out at Jesse, but he shoots that misdirected anger right down because it's not their fault, because they weren't the ones hurting Charles. Stephanie wonders why, if it's not her fault, does she feel so lousy. Jesse sadly tells her it's because it's a lousy situation. He awesomely tells her, "I know how hard it was, but thanks to you, thanks to Stephanie, Charles' father can't hurt him tonight." Aww, I kind of love when the guys are awesome at this parenting stuff.
Christmas was a lot of fun, and very relaxing this year. I had a great time hanging out with Theresa and her family during Christmas Eve and Christmas! :) Although I didn't make it up to Rochester around Christmas, it was pretty nice to not have to worry about traveling all over the place during the holidays. Got some awesome new gear this year. I added the four Saranac pint glasses from Theresa and the three Stone glasses that I ordered to my glassware collection. Also got a couple new scarves, a new Saranac t-shirt, the Tenacious D Complete Masterworks DVD, a pack of Omaha Steaks Filets, and lots of other goodies. All-in-all, it was another great Christmas with Theresa!
I think the berries are from Kort og Godt,
And don’t get in a flap!
A very close friend has been told he has liver cancer. Keeping it all very much to himself and holding the details back. I don't know whether he is doing this to spare the people around him, as a coping mechanism or whether he just doesn't know himself. Hopefully should know more next week. This is a man who has played a pivotal role in my development as a human being. I met him and his life partner (they don't believe in marriage) when I was pregnant with Peta. Alone in a city where I knew noone, I had hooked up with the most unlikely of guys, and I met this couple through him. They strengthened my belief in my own power to be. They supported me unconditionally through thick and thin. Sort of like parents but better as they are never judgemental. They just encourage you to be who you want to be and fuck the rest of them. It's been a hard blow, I'm preparing for the worst but expecting the best.
react_dog: unsure- needs to retest if foster home needs the info. Got into face of male dog and this didn't go well. With young small female was unsure. Lives with a dog and seems fine. Other dogs gives off appeasement signals to Tootsie. Would need to re-eval if foster home needs info
2 spring onion, trimmed and chopped
“What is REAL?” asked the Rabbit one day, when they were lying side by side near the nursery fender, before Nana came to tidy the room. “Does it mean having things that buzz inside you and a stick-out handle?”
Historically, the State has allowed spouses of nursing home residents applying for Medicaid to refuse to disclose their separate assets without affecting the Medicaid eligibility of nursing home residents. The proposed regulations will no longer allow spouses to refuse to disclose their separate assets. If they do, the only way the nursing home Medicaid applicant (or community spouse) will be allowed to receive Medicaid benefits is if they assign their support rights to the State of Illinois to allow the State to take legal action against the non-disclosing spouse, or, if they can prove that it is an undue hardship.
14. Bust A Move / Found A Child
flow efficiency.
I’m to call my office on CD1 and get the ball rolling my my first IUI next cycle. So pumped. I could be on the road to being a mom in the next 6 months. The next 3 months will forever be known as The Summer of Clomid.
I sat on the edge of my seat watching the odometer and wondering how far he would drive before turning around. About seven or eight kilometers up the road we approached another station, yet it had no lights lit – it was closed. Again, anxiety started to rise. However with the wave of a hand and a smile the driver said that we would try for another station.
Longer version of Irish Dail Mail article, 14 April 2012
We were pretty sure we found what we were looking for when eventual winner Danny Prew first lurched up our stairs.
Now, I’m going to talk for the next several minutes about how economic inequality is really bad and hurts us all. If I go on and on for about seven, eight, nine minutes about how bad economic inequality is and how it hurts us all, just keep repeating for nine whole minutes how really bad economic inequality is and how it hurts us all, sort of like Arlo Guthrie in Alice’s Restaurant, you just might, after nine minutes, completely forget that I’ve done nothing at all about economic inequality, and I have no real plan to do anything about economic inequality, except for my jobs bill, which Congress refuses to pass. (Applause.)
But they tell the tale, don’t they?
shouting
Since I'm not actively playing in any tabletop games, I'm having to find other ways to get my dungeon crawl fix. I've always liked tower defense games, they sort of feel like reverse dungeons. Anyway, a friend recommended Kingdom Rush and I'm liking it pretty well.
The summary is more risk more profits, less risk less profits. Choice is yours.
Almost an hour in at Safeway .... I hear someone on the intercom telling us that a Black Ford Explorer with licence plates "RUSTUPID" you have your lights on. I just about freaked. I left my cart...and ran back outside........... just as I was wheezing up to my truck I realized I left my stinking purse in the cart. I ran back inside ...grabbed my purse from the cart...and ran back outside ...in the rain...and wheezed some more. Got to the truck...lights were still on...and prayed it would start...I really didn't want to call Gord for a third time....it was nip and tuck... I turned off the lights...I turned her over...and she went...umph umph...and then it caught.........I almost cried with relief... I know Gord would have come and boosted me again... I didn't want to be that dumbass again. Dodged that bullet..heh.
My face glared back at me..............
This, of course, is not to say that dogs do not do terrible things. It says, however, that the terrible things they do are the result of human abuse and sin. We make them what they are.
Hm...a picture that describes our WIP? I know just the thing.
relieved
Sally Russick over at The Studio Sublime hosted this cool challenge/blog hop based on choosing one crayon color and using as many colors in that family to create a piece of jewelry...easy, right? Uh, not so much!
Stephanie Ackerman
I might add that my brother DID NOT answer either time...are you trying to tell me something Lukey?!!
Then hear outside the orders given, Fall in, my men, fall in;
It’s an old feeling that just keeps recurring every once in awhile like some old ailment that keeps plaguing me. I wish I had the solution to this problem, but I know that with a solution comes a new problem. It’s like one door opens but another door closes, our problems will never end and it will never cease to try and throw you off balance. I’ll eventually find a way around it and deviate away from it. Running from the problem is all I’ve ever done, but at least it keeps the problem away for awhile.
“But then if I go, of course I would be called a racist,” he told a press conference here.
"Was it important, babes, or just phoning for a chat?" she questions me. For perhaps the first time in the eight years I've known her, I lie to her.
the annual cash deficits will be made up by redeeming trust fund
(Historical information from The Historic Architecture of Addison County: Vermont State Register of Historic Places.)
c = 261.63, a = 440, d = 293.66, g = 392, c = 261.63, g = 392, a = 440, d = 293.66, g = 392
Perhaps all politicians should have their comforts removed and given the wages of the ones they are supposed to be making the decisions for – Perhaps this will give them a different perspective on what is necessary.
Please accept our worship in Jesus name.
*Updated: I may have forgotten to publish many of my posts, but I have not seen any Stop Kony items or anything of that manner in Omaha. It may have worked elsewhere but not here.
Here are some outdoor spaces from my Pinterest Board to get you inspired....
They’re not slick. They are in a war against women.
Jordis Unga (Team Blake) @jordismusic – She was in the bottom 3 but when she performed Wild Horses, Blake saved her. Tonight she has to prove to the world that she belongs in the competition. She is singing A Little Bit Stronger by Sara Evans. It started off a little weak. She looks beautiful in the white dress. Then her voice gets stronger when she hits the high notes. Xtina said she came out looking lovely, appreciating Jordis showing off her vulnerable side. Cee Lo and Adam agreed. Blake said its so opposite to what she does and she is a singer songwriter as well, and he wanted to show that off. 1-855-VOICE-03
Have a great night!
WINGED ANT
But these arrangements seemed doomed to fail, especially with early-morning intruders commonplace – again, bank officials will usually find something else to occupy themselves instead of interfering.
On to me favorite section of the predictions, who to stay away from. It’s fun to pick on drivers who I think might struggle.
“I didn’t actually want to do it,” Kiala told the boy. “The universe just kind of conspired to force me to make a fool of myself. It does that quite a lot, actually.”
Good thing no one else came in as this was being taken, they may have sent me straight to the looney bin! Haha!
Anyway, I thought I share my progress that I've made on my hexagon quilt. Here's a picture of all the blocks I have finished. Well, minus the one I finished today. I now have a total of 32 blocks finished. It's exciting to find how quickly they go together.
1/2 tsp lemon zest
please follow the link above for more details.)
In a large mixing bowl, cream butter until soft; then slowly mix sugar in, beat egg yolks in, one at a time, beating after each addition.
Though, as you'll soon see, I didn't learn my lesson about maybe not pouring 20 lip balm tubes full before testing the product, which is just so classic me.
This isn't about children, however, but the march of prohibition via manipulation of children and the unique parental bond between parent and child to force a culture change. This wouldn't be such a bad thing if it didn't depend on ostracising those who don't agree and won't change.
Last hugs, last kisses ... and last good-byes, for Gem and I both know that this is the last time we will see Tante Adrie. It is a final earthly farewell. I reach over and squeeze Gem's hand for I know his heart is very full. Having lost both his parents, he is once again dancing with the part of himself that holds all the love and sweetnesses of his childhood.
Frammartino uses abrupt cuts and surprising vantage points — one minute a bird’s eye view of the village, the next a goat kid being born — and prevents you from feeling comfortable all the while. You’re never quite sure what’s going on, and the lack of dialogue forces you to scrutinize the scenes all the more closely. A long, long shot of a mountaintop or a tree makes you wonder — what am I supposed to see here?
I do not give one whether David Laws is gay, straight, asexual or transgender. I don't care if he's black, white, pink, northern or southern. What I care about is that someone who has seen the justifiable public outcry against the expenses MPs claim should then think it's okay that he gives £40000 to someone he is also giving one to.
Large hail, Damaging winds, and confirmed tornadoes are associated with these storms.
2. Copy the logo and place it on your blog.
NOTE3: In case anyone is looking for more information on IV and its collection of shell companies (over 362 of them in all), you can order a report from Avancept LLC that will give you all the grueling details over the span of 650+ pages. To order a report (or read the report summary), click here.
Shoeshine
Thank you for stopping by today it really mean so much to me.
The New York City police department’s so-called white shirts – the commanders atop an army of lesser-ranking officers in dark blue — are getting involved the arrests of protesters, says the New York Times. As the Occupy Wall Street protests, which began Sept. 17, enter their third week, it often is the white shirts who lay hands on protesters or initiate arrests.
Q013) Tell us a popular phrase among young Korean women!
Here are the “Top 5” events for the week:
The Ross/Blonsky relationship in particular and the acting performances of Hurt, Roth, and Liv Tyler (as Betty Ross) are a good example of taking movies on their own merits. Hurt and Tyler do solid work, but they can’t hold a candle to Sam Elliott and Jennifer Connelly from HULK, but, this is a different movie, with different requirements. Here in INCREDIBLE, the relationship between Ross and his daughter never repairs itself.
Pearl Harbor galvanized intense patriotism among Americans. So many men and women volunteered to fight that military recruiters could barely process the applications. Thousands of women volunteered to fight or supported military personnel. Many women took over men’s jobs manufacturing war materials or in political offices.
After going in and finding out that mass would be at nine, we ran into a street performer who was singing giant crowd-pleasers like “We Are The World,” so we stopped and sang along for a little while. It was such a beautiful moment, all of those people surrounding each other, hailing from many different countries, I’m sure, all lost within his song at the exact same time.. It was overwhelming and I loved it.
What do you think of swing? You can find it here. Chelsea is the mastermind behind these beauties and is wonderful to work with. She responds quickly to e-mails, orders, etc. and is such a sweetheart.
3. Learn the rules in moderation ( Too much info at once will make the mind explode to overcome this learn sections 1-5 first then once known off by heart go onto sections 5-10).
This photo was taken at the Minter Gardens near Chilliwack, B.C.
I think the most appropriate and beneficial thing I can teach you today is what a contentious, unsubmissive wife looks like. Not just on the outside (because she may look quite “holy” on the outside). But I want to give you a glimpse of the heart of the most contentious, unruly, merciless woman I have ever personally known. I know that she will gladly allow you to view the deep recesses of her heart in the hopes that you will be so utterly repulsed by it, you will not venture that way yourselves and will run to our Savior with every breath you have at even the slightest likeness of becoming what she once was. This woman was once truly, the epitome of a modern day Eve.
Pair of tongs
Crawford east to Mansfield Ohio… then further southeast to Pittsburgh Pennsylvania
Consider taking pictures and video. Just knowing that there are cameras watching can be enough to discourage police misconduct during a protest. EFF believes that you have the First Amendment right to document public protests, including police action. However, please understand that the police may disagree, citing various local and state laws. If you plan to record audio, you should review the Reporter’s Committee for Freedom of the Press helpful guide Can We Tape?.
Please check out the Karen's Doodles US challenge blog for a fabulous sketch you can combine with this Stamp Something challenge! How's that for a 2 for 1!!!!
In more general terms, what the left wants is to bypass the Creator’s natural order in which sexual activity may be either rewarding or risky, in favor of a newly devised order in which sexual activity brings only the consequences chosen by the participants, particularly the female participants. Apart from risk, sex becomes recreational, just as Hugh Hefner has always wanted. If sex carries no consequences, it also becomes essentially a consumer product with little hope of long-term emotional rewards either. If we can make the risks go away, the rewards will go away too. Anyone who doesn’t believe this should just note how many more relationships people are going through.
“Falling in love with a woman who looks like a man is nothing to be ashamed of. Many notable people have done it, including Ann Heche, Virginia Woolf and King Edward VIII. Although hard to bear, such misfortunes can teach us valuable lessons. In time, you will put this troubling incident behind you.”
of a queen
While one of the bus (MH 12 EQ 4596) plied on Swargate-Dhayari route, the other (MH 12 EQ 5241) on Swargate-DSK route.
Yes it’s definitely a sign of the times. We are raising children in the age of social media & news travelling at the speed of sound landing at everyone’s fingertips. Without your knowledge or consent, you’re toddler like mine is proficient at navigating through Facebook. Although you haven’t taught him how, he is using tools to help him call his Nana when he discovers something new on Sesame Street. This is just where we are. Where as I am pushing for flipping pages through our favorite book and tracing letters vs. typing them. I must concede a bit to the fact that my son has given me lessons on how to use my iPad. So now starts the balancing act. Bring in the basics, slow it down a bit while still interweaving the fast paced age of twitter & education apps. Some people feel like hand written letters, taking pictures with film & playing records are a waste of time because the digital age is swallowing us up whole and there is no place for these archaic items. I beg to differ. How can you get to where you are going if you don’t know where you come from? How can you appreciate what you have if you don’t know where it comes from. I remember being appalled at the fact that some students in film school didn’t know that Bins in Final Cut Pro comes from the fact that back in the day film actually use to hang in bins organized in chronological order while editing. Most of the students had never even cut on film simply because people feel that it’s not necessary to teach because we edit digitally now and film is pretty much non-existent. But where is the respect for the craft. Where is the basic history lesson? It actually made me a little sad for these kids who only understand one element of filmmaking. In order to compete successfully in the Global arena, shouldn’t we start creating more well-rounded competitors? It’s up to those of us that remember making real mixtapes with our boom boxes, developing film in the one hour photo at Thrifty’s and using skateboards to get to school and not just for YouTube fame to bridge the gap between analog and digital!!!
What has always allowed me to have conversations with anyone is seeing the good in them… And in all respectful, peaceful conversations, people have obviously been open enough to see the good contained in me. Knowing I had no interest in mocking their beliefs, only in understanding what their faith or beliefs are.
These terms would be a problem if you encountered them in the contract of any small publisher. From a self-publishing service, they are truly awful. And they're just the start. Dymocks can also change the terms of the contract at will. It reserves the right to publish tie-in editions, if a film or other media adaptation is made. The royalty structure is confusing (and, from the looks of it, actual royalties will be low). The payment terms for subsidiary rights sales aren't adequately defined. Royalties are paid and accounted only twice a year. And there's a confidentiality clause that could preclude authors from sharing sales information.
Max out your debt to buy the most expensive house that you can
Sometimes I wonder if husbands purposely can't find the food in the refrigerator or a single sock, or a tie on purpose. They think it's the wife's job to keep up with the clothes THEY wear. Hmmm....if I pick them up, wash them, dry them, fold them, and hang them, should I keep up with the whereabouts of these said clothing items?
During the Liturgy, Bishop Alexander ordained Subdeacon Basil Frenchek to the diaconate.
Here I am, in the unenviable position of having to defend the fourth season/series of Torchwood, also known as Miracle Day, not out of a sense of duty, but because I was genuinely enthralled by its story arc (twice – last year upon its broadcast on Starz, and now again on Blu-ray). “But Ross…it’s a Doctor Who spinoff. No wonder you love it. How can your opinion on the subject be even remotely objective?” That might be sort of true if not for one thing: I never felt similarly inclined to champion The Sarah Jane Adventures, which starred freakin’ Elisabeth Sladen, and detailed the further adventures of my favorite Who companion ever. Captain Jack Harkness - though I appreciate, nay, adore numerous aspects of his character - isn’t even in my Top Ten.
Apple
It's all change round our house right now. I bought a new car on Monday, something I hate doing as all car sales men are oily reptiles who want to steal al of my money. Come to think of it I've never seen a car sales woman.
This was also one my favorite spiritual things said at BYU Women's Conference (so many great things were said that I don't know if I'll ever be able to make printables for everything I heard, plus my printables somehow don't seem to do the words justice since the conference was so amazing).
Do you get why I am so stoked about this stuff?! Its like a frickin’ miracle food! Wait, it is a miracle food, and I get to stuff my face with it. So let’s get a show of hands from those who have the guts to stand up to green food and say: yes! I will try you out because I love my body and my body definitely loves you! It’s not that scary, just a silly little mental hurdle to throw yourself over. And once you’re over, oh my friends…the grass is greener for a reason.
03 Drops in the River
I suffer from second job syndrome. I think I inherited it from my mother, who wanted to provide as many opportunities as she could, and much preferred working 60+ hours a week to establishing a strict budget. The benefit of her approach was a childhood filled with swimming lessons, gymnastics, art classes, summer camps and endless extracurricular activities at school. No Tiger Mom was she– she happily allowed my sister and me to suck at everything we did (outside of schoolwork), provided we enjoyed it. Which is why I play exactly 3 songs with any success after at least 6 years of piano lessons. It’s also probably why I still love to sit around and play the piano, talentless though I may be.
‘Mr Lee is determined to protect his reputation and would take all necessary and appropriate steps to do so,‘ Mr Tan told The Straits Times.
Journalists are accountable to their readers, listeners, viewers and each other.
Maxx for the kids and ended up coming home with a boat load of
AND HERE IS MY POST.
I made this for my partner. He loves play CODwaw. We are going a wedding, so he needs to wear a tie. He never wears a tie!! This will be the first time I've seen him wear one!!
The common theme among most of these beautiful comments is a renewed faith in God, a new perspective on God, on life and on what REALLY matters in it. There are people praying right now for Nora who “don’t normally pray, but…”. The notes about all of the children who are praying, it brings such tears to my eyes!! All of these sentiments hold true for me too. I have learned SO MUCH about God and his mysterious ways along this journey. If ever I come across as having it all together, and all spiritually figured out, I can ASSURE you that is not at all the case. I learn something new everyday, and I have to share it when I do!!
TRIBES - Baby
Along with Oz and Danielle, his new comrades at Chandler High, Colt vows to uncover the truth. But the more they learn, the more bizarre reality becomes. Mind control, jet packs, and flying motorcycles only scratch the surface of what they discover.
We begin chapter 37 (which will be 4 days long – and covers monasticism, and the conversion of the barbarian nations to Christianity – I’m not really looking forward to all this). We start with a brief rundown of early monasticism – how it wasn’t a part of early Christianity at all, but became a fad in the early 300′s, continue with some examples of famous monks and their founding of monastic communities (which were at first – very spiritual and very free – later they were very violent and very political and very un-free). We finish with some fine ranting and raving from Gibbon. There will be a lot of ranting etc in this chapter – after all – GIBBON HATES MONKS – a very English Protestant attitude to have. Their greatest sin is their voluntary exile from social life – a very Enlightenment attitude and a very Stoic attitude (see Marcus Aurelius) actually.
I have to tell you, it is a cool party. Here’s what’s gone on so far:
Are you ready for our first monthly challenge?? We already announced that the theme is SOUL. I have made an example, which is the first one linked. Your art can be any media, any size, as long as it has the theme of SOUL. Submit your link by January 31. After that date, we will post all of the entries, along with a poll for you to vote for your favorite. The one with the most votes will be the winner and that person will receive a special prize. The prize is BlackPumpkin's doodled calendar! So go ahead and link your artworks!
There’s more. Penguin — because they have you ‘signed’ — keep 30% of your royalties. And although the beauty of royalties is that they keep on coming in when your book sells, in this ‘contract’ you keep on paying Penguin.
Limestone Branch is in a handsome, purpose-built structure on about 25 acres just outside of Lebanon. They have two lakes on the property, which has a lot of potential for walking paths and other uses. Conveniently, Steve is a landscape architect by training.
42. Thee Headcoats - Girl From '62
For those lovers we offer five traditional wooden cabins, nicely furnished in a campsite with two Hinte and a large play area for children.
10/4 - Grand Rapids, MI - Orbit Room
Upon his return in 1907 he was anointed by Harry Kellar as his successor. He immediately worked the symbolism of that bestowal into his act, opening with an enormous book containing life-sized pictures of Robert-Houdin, Philippe, Herrman the Great, and Kellar. When the last picture flipped, there stood Thurston, who modestly stepped from the book to begin his act. He now presented large scale illusions, such as the fully furnished room that appeared on a formerly empty platform. In another bit, a girl was replaced by a lion. Such “big magic” was his stock in trade for over twenty years, until the 1929 stock market crash made it financially impossible to continue them any further.
I knew there was a reason I didn’t like Mondays! Or is that Mornings! Or just Most days!
Like I always say at the beginning of my shows, "There's nothing sadder than a stripper stripping to silence." This, along with a couple of other "Calamity Chang Guidelines", help a bit in making the uptown crowd less tense and more comfortable about seeing nudity outside of a strip club. It feels like I am giving them permission. I also intro the show by way of example by asking the audience to "channel their inner most construction worker" and make a lot of appreciative noise when a performer is taking off her clothes - not a kosher comment but at least I'm being class-ist and not racist. People always laugh when they hear this. And they always laugh when I warn them about having "porn face." That is the face you make when someone catches you looking at porn, well, you'll have to come to one of my shows to see my impersonation of that look. To prevent having that stupefied, stunned look on one's face during a burlesque show, I advise the audience to sit back, loosen their ties and unbutton the top of their collared shirts, simply enjoy the view and the drink in their hand, and make a lot of noise - because rich people have to shit too.
January-Start scent articles
Earlier this year, I did a raw food trial - I ate only raw food for ten days. I? Loved it. Loved. it. I felt light and free and energetic. Me! Energetic! The most energy I've had recently is when I ran from the couch to get the Trader Joe's Candy Cane Joe Joes from the kitchen and back.
Sunlight pulses across the dashboard—light, dark, light, dark—and catches the dust dancing on the imitation leather.
In the mean time, come see us with Tantrum, why don't you? In June, we'll be joined by filmmaker and musician Anthony Ladesich. Here are all the details.
The pattern of sex ratios in apicomplexan parasites has been often confounding, and this paper helps to illuminate some of the reasons for apparent contradictions. While following the same general trends, sex ratio in different clonal lines is subject to genetic variation. Environmental factors such as anemia and host immune response can also influence sex ratio. When these factors are taken into account, the response of Plasmodium parasites to clonal and mixed infection is consistent with local mate competition theory. It is still unknown how the parasites determine their level of relatedness to other malaria parasites in the bloodstream, and this is an intriguing direction for future research.
We made it! 28 weeks is such a big milestone, baby, and your Daddy and I are so happy and feel so blessed that you're still inside your Momma's belly. We're hoping and praying that you'll stay in there for many, many more weeks to come.
Heath Ledger is so bittersweet. On one hand, he was such an amazing actor, so versatile and (SO) good-looking. On the other hand, he's dead. My friends and I were having a Ledger movie marathon night at one of my friends' house, but we only got through two movies: Grimm Brothers & A Knights Tale. Both were really good but I had already seen the first and only certain scenes of the latter. But seeing the whole movie made it so much better, I loved it. We all did. Mostly because Heath was rockkinnn his character. It was adorable. Some of us were in tears for certain scenes, and forced to shift positions for other scenes (if ya know what i mean). We all ended up complaining about his death. I don't even want to get into it. I don't know what happened, apparently it was because he was a method actor and was overly affected by his role as the joker. But really, it makes no difference how it happened, so I don't want to discuss it. I'd rather look up scenes from his movies on youtube and reminisce at his singing and dancing days with a smile on my face.
c) swimming with dolphins
Fionavar Tapestry series by Guy Gavriel Kay
This past week has been a difficult one for us, but we've also been able to count our blessings through it all. Much of the state has experienced record lows over the last couple of days; yesterday our high here in Los Alamos was 7 degrees F. We've been without hot water for several days and will continue to be without for several more since we discovered a broken pipe this afternoon. As mentioned above, however, we do have much to be thankful for:
Sheikh Yousuf Al-Qaradhawi on Al-Jazeera Threatens a Boycott on Switzerland If ‘We Despair of Other Measures’
The following posts will be my rants on everything to do with this country, from politics, to social issues, to corporations and entertainment. If you’re easily offended, closed-minded and think everyone else’s views are wrong, please go back to your Harry Potter and Twilight blogs and go screw yourself. America needs less weak links and more people who prefer to get off their asses and do something productive besides just bitch and whine about everything that’s wrong with this world.
dust motes swirling slowly in a shaft of sunlight
PARENT TOOLS AND READING REPORTS
7. Ideally in a contest the one with the biggest number of supporters should win. Ideally, as with Government, the loser and his supporters should accept the decision of the majority.
And I have goosebumps.
As Savannah's most unconventional tattoo artist, Riley Poe is quite familiar with the local underground scene. She lives and works on the edge of it every day. Now she's about to step over the edge. When her younger brother is taken by a sinister cult led by centuries-old vampires, Riley discovers a world of shadows and blood--and those who exist there.
Unemployment and under-employment have huge implications for people’s mental health. People are happier when they are in work generally and often feel the gains of being employed in a very real way. It is a myth, that people who choose not to work and claim benefits (a FAR smaller number than the torygraph and the Daily Fail would have us believe), are happy and feel like they are enjoying life. This is far from the case. Often people in these situations turn to alternatives to the gratification provided by having a happy life and a fulfilling job, with chemical means. Chemical means such as alcohol, nicotine or any other drug that affects the serotinergic pathways, which they all pretty much do in one way or another.
Joh 14:15 If ye love me, keep my commandments.;
The Bag. This is the bag that, in the event of my death, one of you must immediately remove and destroy all the contents. It is full of bad poetry, love letters, break up letters, valentines, poems written to me in Elvish....yeah, can you Burn Without Reading please.
Here is a sneak peek at what I have been working on between orders for the last few weeks. I have had so many requests to turn my Rainbow Owl Family door hanger in to a cot baby mobile and here it is.
Let us also note that Kevin Klein pelvis thrusts the ball with ease and looks to be doing the splits. Should he have played soccer? Oh, and please note Patric Hornqvist’s shorts… or lack there of.
It may have manifested itself in a different way were they still together, but I now know, with all certainty that I would not be who I am today without the hell I willing walked through years ago. I was fortunate, God always had His hand on me, protecting me, only allowing me to go so far.
With just a few thousand annual visitors, Mafia Island is hardly a tourist hot spot, and has few of the high-end accouterments that draw hordes of honeymooners to other Indian Ocean isles like the Seychelles, Mauritius and Zanzibar. Over the past decade, though, it has built a small but passionate following among travelers drawn by its simple charms and serene atmosphere. Serene, that is, on land; underwater, a protected marine preserve offers some of the most magnificent diving and snorkeling in the region, perhaps the world: sea turtles, stingrays and the occasional white-tipped reef shark troll these waters nearly year-round.
Despite this, the northern coast of the Arctic and the interior of Greenland was still unknown at the time of the first Polar Year. The Norwegian Fridtjof Nansen crossed southern Greenland in 1888 for the first time reporting about very cold temperatures on the ice cap. The German Erich von Drygalski investigated the movement of the glaciers at the west coast of Greenland in 1891 and 1892-1893. Nansen’s famous expedition through the Arctic (1893-1896) aboard his ship ”Fram”collected a huge amount of various scientific data. It had been the credit of the American Robert Peary to guide many expeditions before and after 1900 investigating northern Greenland in search for a route to the North Pole, which he pretended to have reached in 1909.
Of course, the musicalization of the earth's tectonic plates has come up on BLDGBLOG before, specifically in the context of 9/11 and the collapse of the Twin Towers. Among many other things, 9/11 was an architectural event which shook the bedrock of Manhattan; the resulting vibrations were turned into a piece of abstract music by composer Mark Bain (more info at the Guardian – and you can listen to an excerpt here).
Thanks to the medja, in just the last couple of weeks I’ve read that women’s height is linked to ovarian cancer (BBC), breast cancer screening results in ‘unnecessary treatment’ (Telegraph), and a glass of wine carries a breast cancer warning (The Independent), – oh, and I should take an take an aspirin a day to cut cancer risk (Guardian). Just a month or two ago there was a similar stampede of ‘beef is bad’. This week the University of Gothenburg weighed in by discovering that some people are so ‘addicted’ to Facebook that they open it the moment they switch on their computers! And getting hooked (to Facebook, that is) makes women unhappy. Thank heavens they didn’t get round to emails or prostate cancer in Gothenburg or I might be needing something stronger than aspirin for my depression.
Mustn't forget to mention the lush ribbon that I used is Lucky Limeade and the pearls for the Centres of the flowers.
ingredients are simmered in chicken stock along with seasonings of bacon and grainy Dijon mustard, then the mixture is ladled into ramekins, covered with rounds of purchased puff pastry, and baked. At the table, this soup delights diners. With a spoon they break into the golden, flaky pastry and uncover the savory, hot corned beef and cabbage mixture bubbling beneath.
The color is nice, but not the best with my skintone, way too cool. From the similar color range I much prefer Flormar Supershine 14, the same sparkly finish but a warmer shade or purple, and better quality too. I think I will find a new home for this Deborah polish soon, as I have no desire to wear it again. Also, the intention is to downsize my collection and get rid of all similar colors by keeping only whichever is the best for me. One down, many more to go.
Not only will i review for indie authors but i'll review the books that i have read as well as ones i pick up to read throught this amazing experience.
“We gauge that there has been little impact on Malaysian users as a result of this attack,” was what they actually said.
This would make my day: PCs, Macs, and other operating systems/platforms with an option to add a Cloud account just as one would add a POP3 email account, Twitter account, or what have you. It has become clear that cloud computing, or at the very least cloud storage, is the way of the future.
The film is about a Welsh doctor who becomes fascinated by torture. He uses his medical skills as a torturer for hire for any fly by night dictator who has the money. When a journalist friend of retired CIA assassin known only as Holland (Bronson) is tortured to death by the Doctor, (Not a typo. That is what he is referred as the entire film.) Holland agrees to come out of retirement and kill him.
"Jesus," Peggy said, with a palm to her forehead. "You're going to get a phone call any minute from a customer asking, 'Why did you just text me and ask where the nearest whorehouse is?' "
It’s cod roe season!!!
According to Carroll Gardens CORD, departing Councilman Bill de Blasio will be introducing a bill to amend "old Brooklyn Law" on December 9th. He will be requesting a change that will allow the Hannah Senesh School (in the Google image above) to build a two story structure on a courtyard on a "Place" block, in this case First Place at Smith Street.
“No have money more,” he says. “Die today.”
The name of the imaginary and real life vessel bares significance beyond the name; here are a few of other similarities:
"A KIDNEY BY ANY OTHER NAME WOULD SMELL AS SOUR," can be said of the organ trafficking and money laundering FBI sting operation, which implicated five Talmudic rabbis from New York and neighbouring New Jersey.
to eliminate lice in these areas only soap and water are combined and soak items in water. It actually is impossible to completely prevent a lice infestation, but this is a excellent idea to teach children not to share facts like brushes and hats. When your child has allergies or other, when you only interested in the have of chemicals in your child when you start looking for alternative options. With shampoo with this oil can help to reduce lice cling to hair and as well to destroy nits and eggs found in the hair or scalp. Brand-new eggs are almost transparent.
I was a little tongue tied in Quebec City, where I again met up with a crowd of people I hadn't seen in almost 10 years. I was nervous at seeing them all, given how much I had changed physically. Gone was the trendy hairdo, the svelteness of my youth. But, after a few minutes of hiding behind some well-placed legs and I began to find my own voice. It didn't matter how much I had changed on the outside; I was still the same on the inside and that was what mattered.
A1: No. I mean all the time.
Upcoming charrette topics are:
Spotted on the front row were Jameela Jamil, Jodie Harsh, and Michelle Keegan of Coronation Street fame, looking surprisingly fantastic in a graphic printed Andrew Majtenyi frock. I do admit I'm the world's worst celebrity spotter though, so I could have seen lots more celebs and just not noticed....
I wish you all a very happy & peaceful Thanksgiving weekend. Take care.
As an individual, you can redeem your Links for yourself or get a gift for a family member or friend; it’s totally up to you.
But despite his anti-Royal views, now was not the time to abolish the Monarchy, Mr Campbell said, because the Queen was ‘a nice lady’.
The attack was the third in as many years that has taken place at the luxury Bryanston complex where convicted drug dealer Glenn Agliotti's family were held up in 2007.
Learn, and research up on may different keywords that draws the most attention, and online search traffic to your blogs. I suggest trying out long tail keywords to bypass competition for a while so you can start generating a suitable income for yourself and writers. If you can try and visit every blog so that you can stay on top how well each niche you have entered into for each blog created then that would be wonderful. Manage each blog constantly and correctly until it meets your requirements passing satisfactory.
Improve Darts Performance – Self Hypnosis to Help Play Darts Better
Till the blood of our business spilled out through our teeth
If you want you can roll the log in sprinkles after you are done. I thought it would add a cute touch so I did this and then wrapped it up in plastic and let it sit in the refrigerator for another 2 hours.
Ian loses both of his parents in a tragic accident and comes to inhabit their world, and his abandoned adolescent life, in his grief. Taking up residence in his parents’ home, his old passion for astronomy is reignited. He explores his reawakened attraction to his old girlfriend, Lucie, who is now married to Ahmed, an Egyptian Muslim haunted by demons.
Suffice it to say, it was the former who predicted Addison will someday bust up on Barack in Chicago and snip, “Yeah, you were first. In your own little way. But the girls are in the house now, baby, and I am so gonna kick your legacy’s candy ass.” As the only rooster on his own little chick farm, it’s my bet that he’ll find this at least mildly amusing.
Here is a brief overview of what our format for prayer should be according to these pointers from Jesus himself.
My sentiment comes from another great JustRite stamp set called "Christmas Nested Sentiments", stamped with Memento Danube Blue and diecut with Spellbinders Double Ended Tags. Have I mentioned before how well JustRite Stamps and Spellbinders work together - total must haves!!!
Life is short, but LOVE is forever. Love those around you without measure.
“For there is one God, and one Mediator between God and men, the Man Christ Jesus…” 1 Timothy 2:5
and around the world. Every year this is the
I do not know how many events your crew has covered since carnival season started back in November; 40, 50, 60? But just a couple of more days before it's all over and then you get to rest . . . yeah right. you see, Julia's getting married next month so I know there will be no rest.
A Puffle is a fluffy ball with big eyes that a fictional penguin can purchase and feed and walk as its pet. This fictional penguin is part of an online social game site for young kids called Club Penguin.
Babe Yajima - Tokyo Giants
Z. The end of the line for the A - Z Challenge. April has zoomed along. Looking back on my posts, I seem to have been obsessed by this fast forward of time. Probably because it's been a month with very little time to get everything done that I had on the To Do list. But I wouldn't have missed out on the fun of a challenge and meeting a whole bunch of new bloggers. Bring it on...zoom, zoom.
It's kept by the few
Don't ask how many time (hours) these 6 blocks consumed. It is enough to know that "much". And considering that 6 blocks are enough for a tiny little blanket, than I need ... I dunno how many, I will have a whole winter time to make (m)any:)) ... and maybe for the next Christmas it will be finished.. :))
She went silent. The past flashed in front of her eyes, as she lay squeezed under him, enjoying though.
Our store deals with customers and consigners. Clearly that's how it works. Customers come in and shop. Consigners come in and consign. Many of the customers are also consigners. Some consigners would drop dead before they'd shop the store.
“I don’t like people talking about the Chanel fashion,”- she once said. “Chanel – above all else, is a style. Fashion, you see, goes out of fashion. Style never.”
Look at these lovely tulips outside St Paul's Station - a sea of pink! Beautiful!
As a blanket statement, all historians should read War and Peace. In 1869, Tolstoy published his rumination on the nature of history. Believing that history belonged to the people, not just generals, politicians, and kings, Tolstoy was basically trying to write a social history – comparing the life of the military with the life of the civilian. His humanizing portrayals of the tsar, Napoleon, and the Russian generals will forever alter your perceptions of those folks. I know W&P can be scary, so our other 5 books are perfectly manageable.
I always tell people that I don’t regret things, but I do. I regret not applying to the Africa program (even though it made me anxious), because I know I would have been accepted. That year abroad would have fixed this feeling (I think). But instead, here I sit, knowing what I need to do, yet unable to do it.
no taste in music. But this time boards were the reason to quit it.
Ylva-Maria Thompson has opened the world's first international sex school to teach its students how to be better lovers.
It took me a few seconds to process what she said. Wow. I've always known that about Katie. I've always felt that she had such a simple and down-to-earth perspective on life and death and loss, and such an endearing way of expressing it. But I know her so well that it's hard to tell if other people can see that or not. And wow, to be told not only that other people can see it, but that it comes through with such striking clarity? Wow. "They don't want an actress to play this part, they want Katie. As herself." It doesn't get much clearer than that.
Kegged: 03-19-2008
If he stays fit for the rest of the season then I’d be happy to send him to the Euros. The same goes for Jack Wilshere. They can hardly be in Wenger’s dreaded red zone can they? And in fact, when Wenger was asked about Wilshere’s chances of being fit for the tournament I expected him to scoff at the very question, but he accepted the possibility.
· web stickers for posting on websites, blogs, Facebook, MySpace
Points to ponder:
ps. For anyone alarmed by this double set of picture book titles, the next Awfully Big Review will not be a picture book. At all.
Params
the chase to
I suppose only $800 or so stands in the way of finding out...
BARRERA, J.:
So coming back to where I was…we were hunting for autos…. After a number of failed attempts, I saw this auto approaching slowly towards my right. There was another lady (Sneha) inside and in utter desperation, I asked her the same question, “Are you going to the station?” She immediately asked the autowala to halt and took me and the other girl aboard. We exchanged the phews, smiles & thanks; settled down and went back to our own thoughts…
and tourists in white sports socks.
Saying positive as i am trying to remember i am a good person.
Firstly, unschoolers can definitely get into university. Unschooling is considered by universities to be under the wider banner of homeschooling, and as I think everyone here probably already knows, most universities have a special protocol set up for homeschoolers at this point, and some universities are even specifically seeking out homeschoolers, including unschoolers. Last time I heard, homeschoolers still aren’t able to easily get into CEGEP, if at all, though I’m sure the workshop on legalities of homeschooling in Quebec would have more to say on that subject.
If I had a world of my own, everything would be nonsense. Nothing would be what it is because everything would be what it isn't. And contrary-wise; what it is it wouldn't be, and what it wouldn't be, it would. You see?
Leaves - Fiskars drop shaped punch - mist with water, crumple up and shape before allowing to dry.
2011 was a busy year, but not too busy to set aside some time to celebrate the “reason for the season” with our good friends, the Bachmann’s and the Santorum’s. Now, I know what you’re saying, “But wait, aren’t they Republicans??” The answer, of course is yes, dear readers, but new evidence suggests that they may be born this way. And honestly, shouldn’t we all practice a little more acceptance and charity during this holiday season? As long as they don’t push it on me is what I always say!! Ha ha!
Today is CD16 and I was thinking that, going off of my past cycles, I’d O today or at least get a positive OPK.
Movement: My son has been a bit quiet lately, so I like to shake my belly to wake him up. Either that or I just talk – that always seems to get him moving. I love how he responds to my voice. It’s downright adorable!
Weeks earlier, I had mentally shamed a mother who allowed her son to eat lunch meat straight from the bag while in line at the grocery store deli counter.
Q033) By the way, what kind of clothes are you wearing today?
Your Turn: We’re curious about what inspires you, be it books, people, music, whatever. What inspires you to be creative or just to get out of bed in the morning?
Next week, on Friday will be Week 2 of A Life Less Ordinary: The joye of pain, learning to accept my urges and to employ them as a tools for personal growth.
Again a BIG HUGE THANK YOU to everyone for participating in our Holiday Hop! It was a huge success and we are already planning the next one :)
The wool shop in Southend was closed so no wool buying fix for me today. I had an Outraged Of Essex moment but then thought about the large stash I have living in the wine box and decided that perhaps I ought to use some of that before I buy any more.
news & bad news. The good news is you're being discharged
If you would like to read about what your man’s grooming says about his dating style, I found this Cosmo article! Enjoy!
He hadn’t even read this article or was aware that I had interviewed Fulford. Yet, the material was the same — but with new updates.
Rusty: Worst Comes to Worse by Billy Joel
Happens more often in young people
Judging by the exercises he had me do today (something with ropes, then something with my feet on a big ball while I kept my hips in the air and tensed by ass muscles, then something called kettle bells where I had to sort of swing the ball thingy and thrust my ass forward (gosh, I hardly KNOW you!), hanging from strappy things with stirrups and arm straps and so on) I had a very hard time not making jokes about how it all reminded me of the episode of Sex & the City when Samantha experimented with a sex swing. I kept getting mental images of everyone in that gym hanging upside down and nekkid as jaybirds. I managed not to make the joke, as, poor kid, he just met me. I've learned that the average younger Norwegian needs time to get used to me. I'm like a fine wine or scotch....it takes time to fully appreciate all my flavors and nuances.
Cedar Key is Old Florida, bearing more resemblance to the Deep South than to the state’s bustling eastern coast. At the southern extreme of Northwest Florida’s Big Bend, the marshy stretch of coastline where panhandle curves into peninsula, the town of Cedar Key lies four miles from shore along a chain of mostly uninhabited barrier islands called the Cedar Keys. First settled in the 1840s, Cedar Key’s booming lumber, fishing, and shipping industries, as well as a major cross-state railroad line, made it Florida’s second largest city a century ago. But a shift in port activity to Tampa in the 1880s followed by a devastating hurricane in 1896 sent the town into an economic tailspin.
Anyway, Clint and I took a "sand castle walk" down the beach every day, snapping pictures of castles good and castles bad, but all castles fun.
Cosmos Brewery (Thai Beverage Plc.) Chang Beer (Export)
“I brought a cup for me, but I’d rather drink from you, so from your body I toast with you. I toast to you, to love and protect you, to be with you always, to consider you my equal, to ride for you, and if need be to kill for you. You are my better half and a piece of me that no one else truly deserves to see, I love you forever and always.”
D&D has stood the test of time, not only dominating the RPG market that it created but also forever influencing fantasy fiction. With such a wide variety of systems that have been introduced over the last 35+ years, it is perhaps the only common ground that every gamer shares.
“Now there was a man in Jerusalem called Simeon, who was righteous and devout. He was waiting for the consolation of Israel, and the Holy Spirit was upon him. It had been revealed to him by the Holy Spirit that he would not die before he had seen the Lord’s Christ. Moved by the Spirit, he went into the temple courts. When the parents brought in the child Jesus to do for him what the custom of the Law required, Simeon took him in his arms and praised God, saying:
My offer ended up being misconstrued in more ways than I will ever know. My boss accused me of every sort of deception. Although it was understood that I was to handle all new business pitches and particularly businesses with large “franchise” possibilities, and although I spoke to sales people and made plans for meetings every day, somehow the issue of religion had cast my actions in a different light. I tried to explain why the pitch was even important. “Churches are a perfect model for creating a national TV message with a localized tag. It’s exactly what our company is set up to do. I know if I go to the meeting I can get us the business. They’ll recognize that they’re in safe hands.”
In retrospect, this is not exactly the Filipino people’s fault. In fact, according to Steven McKay’s article entitled “Filipino Sea Men: Constructing Masculinities in an Ethnic Labour Niche”, he writes how the Philippine Overseas Employment Administration (POEA) has, since the 1980s, sold the Filipinos like “servants” in their brochure:
Pool is a triple distilled premium Vodka that is infused with their natural fruit blend! It gives Pool a distinct and memorable taste. And the color.. Oh My!! Pool has a very rich, Blue color.. Kinda resembles a swimming pool... heh heh.. OK corny joke, but hey I couldn't resist.. lol Pool is so tasty it can be enjoyed alone, on the rocks or as a cocktail.
I was told to pick a few pups just in case adopters 1-3 pick my first choice. These are two of my choices. And, yes....I will be asking you for input on names once I know which little love I'm getting!!
“For example, it strains credulity that Apple and Adobe reached an agreement in May 2005 that was identical to the “Do Not Cold Call” agreement Pixar entered into with Lucasfilm in January 2005,” Judge Koh added.
If you could have a dinner with three historical guests, living or dead – who would you choose and why?
Do you think dogs know the difference between male and female humans?
An energy being, the Mandragora Helix took over Human hosts. The Mandragora Helix originated in the Dark Times.
4. Add bread and stir. Turn off the heat and let it sit for 2-3 minutes.
“Our mission is to drive forward the adoption of social media across Europe in order to improve the quality, access, value and effectiveness of healthcare delivery to patients.”
Here's a layout which I used this type of flower on.
Some of the very global economic forces that should, theoretically, overthrow the local political status quo are actually playing an important role in sustaining it. Afghanistan’s local power brokers are using new opportunities arising from global integration within existing traditional power structures to augment and entrench their power in ways previously unachievable. As Barnett Rubin notes astutely, “Tribalism in the modern world is more often a strategy of state control or social resistance than the culture of an autarchic, kinship-based world that no longer exists, if it ever did.” And in a very apologetic note to the escapee Afghani youths, the US is both facing the effect and the cause of a cringe-worthy Middle Eastern state of affairs, gambling with the future of thousands of clayey individuals — pushing them towards a radical end by default.
They’re all beautiful.
Its odd how perception rules in football. Dependent on current run of form, often reliant on serendipity, media propaganda and sometimes sentimentality perception fluctuates from one end of the spectrum to the other like a Chelsea footballers WAG, showing no common sense or loyalty.
Jesus tells us,…”WHAT GOOD WORK “I” HAVE BEGUN IN YOU,…”I WILL FINISH.”….We, (are to simply, and) lovingly encourage others, while casting out the/our Bread, (Jesus’ words)…God Himself does the rest,….as God Himself,…Is the One Who DOES THE WORK,…not us.
Well, we're home now, and I'm pretty excited to get back to work on the website. However, I'm not excited about tomorrow- I'm working at the restaurant for their NYE extravaganza which goes until about 6 am. Better rest up!
In a packed two-day visit to Belfast and Derry, Sheehan met with Irish Nobel Peace Laureates Mairead Maguire and John Hume. She launched the Cuban Five mural at the International Wall in West Belfast, accompanied by Jimmy Kelly, president of the trade union Unite and Danny Devanny, the mural artist. The Cuba Support group in Belfast commissioned the mural.
Mohawks worked on such iconic structures as the Chrysler Building, the Empire State Building and the George Washington Bridge.
after a few months of trying to get to know Moses, I found myself complaining to a good friend about how needy he was. she replied, "hey! you prayed for a snuggler!" which was so very true. Vaelyn and Chris are doers, they don't stop doing unless you force them to, and I did pray for a child who would be more like me, and be ok with just laying low at home with me while Chris and Vae went and conquered the world. Moses is an answer to prayer in many ways and he has taught me a lot about myself. he loves to be loved and he loves to give love. if I go and sit on the floor, it doesn't matter what he's doing, he will stop and crawl over to me and just kiss me and hug me and slobber all over me like he hasn't seen me in days. it's the greatest feeling in the world.
childhood is a sad and sour blur.
I went back to the State of Wisconsin website and found another phone number, this one the general number for all civil service exams. Finally got a person. Asked her how long the test lasted.
I know, I know…harsh words, but true I dare say.
Customers have been annoying the shit out of me lately. What else is new, right?
Mannie Leroy Clark, 54, New York, N.Y.
I did manage to get a good night's sleep - thanks to the Marriott. I do strongly suggest reserving a good quality hotel room for the night before a race. A good night's sleep is vital! So, well rested - we headed out to the race. I left my family at the Transition Area for the athletes and entered into the "holding pen" for athletes until my wave's start. I had to wait almost 2 hours! I was grouped with other women my age, many of them members of Team in Training and I have to give another HUGE thank you to all those TNT members. So encouraging and friendly . . . I had instant friends. Another thank you to TRI California, for beginning their event with a prayer - it really put my mind in the right place. As I waited, the fog lifted and the earlier waves broke up a lot of the kelp . . . so there was a silver lining to waiting. As I waited, I also spotted a seal swimming near the swim course and I said a silent prayer (God, your creatures are beautiful, but please keep them away from me this morning). Then it was time to put the wetsuit on and make my way down to the beach.
Does anyone recognize the colourful, warm, funny, giggly and über talented mixed media mega star that stands in the centre of this photo in a fuchsia apron?
The Christmas days are behind me and now we are nearly on the eve of a new year! This was the most wonderful Christmas ever. It seemed to ease by somehow without the stress that most years bring. There were surprises and contentment joy and peace and all seemed to come together in perfect measure to create the perfect holiday. The presents were plentiful, the food amazing and the company splendid. I did not ask for anything and got more than most with the greatest gift being a healthy and happy family. Who could ask for more.
Level 11: Reduces the damage received from the enemies by 10.5%.
What makes this work so well is the contrasting flavors with sweet winter squash: tangy red wine vinegar, bright lemon juice, and earthy shallots combine with tangy crumbled feta and smokey paprika and roasted cumin coated toasted pumpkin seeds. All layered on a bed of wild arugula.
1 isn't
“Public Relations”, like many other fields, is a consistently evolving area of study. It is risky writing a definitive definition of Public Relations because it is constantly changing and growing in new ways. I predict that the people of PR in the future must be well aware of this reality and must be ahead of the times… and the technology that coincides with the PR world. The PR world and technology already go hand-in-hand and I predict this trend will continue.
See, gorgeous. Who wouldn't take advice from her!! I'm a Dermalogica girl, through and through. When I discovered this brand years ago, I knew I'd found something really special. It's pricey, but it lasts a long time. I usually buy it every 90 days. My usual skin care regime is as follows: Dermal Clay Cleanser, Multi/Active Toner, Oil Control Lotion for day, and Clearing Gel at night. It's usually the bomb formula for my own situation. But, the last few months my skin has gotten really dry. I guess it is the weather, and the fact that I'm getting.. uh... older. And so it begins... blah.
So, to kick off a week – or even a fortnight; we'll see how things pan out – in which I'll have a number of posts on various Donald E. Westlake paperbacks, let's have a look at that copy of The Seventh, and the artist responsible for its cover. And the first thing to note is that, unlike most (all?) of the covers Harry Bennett drew and painted for those first eight Parker novels, on The Seventh we get two illustrations for the price of one. Because as well as that colour piece on the front cover – which I guess must be Bennett's interpretation of the nameless thorn in Parker's side, accompanied by the unfortunate Ellie – we also get an expressive line drawing on the back cover, depicting Parker and his six doomed cohorts from the football stadium score (plus Ellie again, presumably). I actually prefer this back cover drawing to the one on the front; there's an almost European sensibility to the linework, as if the drawing could be a panel lifted from a bande dessinee. That casual distortion is a hallmark of a lot of Bennett's work, although he did draw and paint book covers in a number of styles.
2 T balsamic vinegar
Consider that a job that pays better somewhere else may pay better because the standard of living in its area is higher. Moving to be closer to such a job doesn’t always pay off. Be certain you research prices of rentals, houses, utilities, groceries and other things so there are no surprises.
Next date was in good ole Fort Worth, Texas just down the way from my old home of Dallas (it was only 3 years and the Cowboys were winning at the time, it was like a drug). Sally Field showed up for her date in some hip accentuating pants and a deconstructed disco ball for a top. They bought some boots and cowboy shit, which actually happens in Texas (I got to California in 7th grade and have been holding onto a palm tree for dear life ever since, although Austin is pretty badass).
On Saturday, April 21st, a large group of us attended the Charles H. Wright African-American Museum as a culturally-relevant field trip. Our principal organized the trip, and it was a great learning experience. Our museum docent, Yolanda, was amazing!!!! If you have the opportunity to attend the museum, you should request her as a guide. Following the museum, we visited Southern Fires restaurant for a delicious lunch in good company.
Feeling guilty for not using my “gift” for the greater good, I called the Nehemiah Center and asked if they needed someone to paint a mural for them. Randomly. Well of course they had just had major renovation work done on the center, and the old mural had to be torn down along with the wall it was painted on. The center director was quite upset by that turn of events, and lo and behold, I just turned up. Bottom line: YES! They certainly did need someone to paint a mural for them.
24. Knowing how to eat sunflower seeds correctly will not help her get into a good college. Teach her anyway.
Performance wise, I thought Ranveer did the best he could but it wasn’t my cup of tea – though he is let down by not having the author backed role, I thought his performance was perfunctory rather than dynamic and far too subdued; after all, he is supposed to seduce the audience just like he had done with the ladies but this was not evident to me. If anything, I felt the girls were silly for falling for him in the first place. Thank god then that the ladies save the day. Aditi Sharma is very good as Saira, showing grit and a quiet dignity and acting as the mediator between Dimpy and Raina but still making her mark. Similarly, Dipannita Sharma manages to sidestep the stock character she is assigned (Radhika/Shreya from Bachna Ae Haseeno anyone?) and make Raina her own, underlining her character’s determination and cool headed thinking.
We have a problem.
There are some redeeming qualities, of course. Nikki's friend Jules is funny and likeable enough, Ashton's mythology is intriguing (if not quite mind-blowing), and Cole is easily the best part of the novel, even if he fits every bad boy trope on the books. But in the end, I just couldn't get past how bland Nikki was, and how she seemed to be brutally tossed around by the events of the story instead of taking charge at any point. I'm not saying every character has to be smart, strong, and ferocious a la Katniss, but I'd like to see them show some backbone at some point.
Dear Ethiopia,
If we truly want the twilight we dreamed of to become a joyous reality and not a time of heartache and regret, then we must be certain that from our earliest years our dreams are focused on the One who waits for us at the end of that twilight time. With God at the center of all we do and say and think, then the inevitable fading of twilight into darkness will be washed away in the brilliant burst of Sonlight that waits to show us the way home. Even the most difficult trials or visions of evil, such as those seen by the prophet Isaiah, cannot stand up to the glory that shall one day be revealed in those of us who belong to the One who has already conquered the regrets and disappointments that lurk at twilight.
Yes. We appeared on a Korean music program called “Inkigayo”. On the day we debuted with “FIRE”, I remember being SUPER nervous.
To start with, I’m forced to get a little esoteric with you. I’m talking “mechanism design” economics theory here. That’s a theory that tries to bring back certain efficiencies to a market (such as insurance, where people may seek coverage without disclosing risks) where parties don’t have equal levels of knowledge about a matter. How do you find a way to share that information efficiently?
The boy, who lives with his father who has sole custody, was aware Atkinson was his biological mother.
When I came out of hiding off sabbatical a couple of weeks ago, I found many of my friends taking a hiatus of their own. I needed more reading material. When I want something funny to look at I go scavenging on my buddy Bruce's blogroll. When I saw the link to OT's blog, I remembered I'd been meaning to check him out for some time. So I did and I wasn't disappointed ... you won't be either.
One of the passages in the book really struck me. Basically, it suggested that much of the reason why we continue to work is so that we can afford to live the lifestyle we have chosen. It went on to question how much of that lifestyle was actually needed, and how much of that lifestyle was "required" because of work. For example, maybe you have a $400 monthly car payment for a car that you only drive to work. Maybe you spend hundreds of dollars a year on clothes for work, and perhaps you eat out a lot because you're too tired from working to cook a meal at home - and perhaps your health is deteriorating from eating out so much and work-related stress, leading to medical costs. And perhaps you "need" the car you have, and the house you have, so you can contain all of the material things you bought so your life of working would be easier or more tolerable.
It brought with it a magical eve full of excitement and anticipation.
Scattered on the floor
Her habitat.
i am more powerful than the idea of me
It’s easier said than done. The aboriginal Mario vs. Donkey Kong may accept been awfully simple for a acceptable block of the accustomed game, but Advance of the Minis is abandoned anytime simplistic for the aboriginal brace of worlds. It’s simple abundant to get through a lot of stages on the aboriginal or added try, abnormally if you’re not anytime anxious with accession the assorted bill and items that sit in perilous places throughout anniversary stage, or even with accepting every abandoned Mini through the aperture (so continued as you accomplishment at atomic one, the next date will unlock). However, to get bronze, silver, and abnormally gold ratings on anniversary stage, you’ll accept to absorb a acceptable accord of time practicing anniversary stage, advertent all the agency you can use your assorted Minis to get through faster and added efficiently. Advance of the Minis is the absolute analogue of simple to learn, boxy to master, and it squeezes out a acceptable bit added epitomize bulk than its antecedent artlessly for that fact. You can apprehension through the single-player approach in maybe three or four hours, but it will yield you abundant best than that if you appetite to hit gold ratings on every stage.
As I mentioned in the pregnancy comments, I am starting to feel the effects of my added bulk around the middle!
Similarly, do you feel that traditional copyright laws may infringe on the creativity of artists who make use of a lot of samples?Have there ever been samples that you would have liked to use, but have been restricted from doing so?
grumble...mumble..."Okay, let me get to work..."
in my home,
Windows and doors are always closed, to keep the monkeys from entering
My potato salad for bento is so simple, but of course you can add other ingredients such as sliced onion, cucumber, boiled egg, etc if you want.
We may laugh today but there is plenty of examples of small private estates which suffice with only gravel roads, where because they arnt through routes and have low traffic they manage. A good example is the Kent House Conservation Area in Bromley which manages despite the roads leading to a railway station.
“Up and down both sides of the highway,” he said. “This is how much we loved our boys. This is how much we cared for them.”
You'll have to go to Countgore.com to click on the link. Jack Dann and I contributed "Ships," a story that practically vibrates with negative energy. Really. Much more of a downer than you'd expect from me. I like it a lot.
So next time you are tempted to jump on a soap-box and declare that we should feed our prisoners bread-and-water, or keep them locked up for life – remember that as you persecute the offender, so you threaten to create new victims. Remember that every prisoner is someones child, that they may have children who miss them, that one day they… might be you.
Specifically, I am talking about the occupy Fairbanks folks, and those of you who want to see the government crush them. Shame on you. Our Founders would be the first to put you outside their circle. They actually knew of you and mocked you before you were even born.
I peeled the wax paper off just one side of each ornament and poured some Martha Stewart glitter on them. After I stamped my pine branch, sentiment, and sponged the edges, I peeled the wax paper from the back of each ornament and stuck them down on the cardstock. Quick and easy!
Make sure to come back tomorrow, Tuesday March 26th, at 12:01am EDT for our next sneak peek day!
Marv
For those that don't know, my husband and I have struggled with infertility for a long time. We've been married 9 years and more than anything in the world wanted to be parents. I've gone through the hormone treatments and all that jazz. Then I had a basketball-sized cyst removed in 2011 that had killed my right ovary. Last July we found out that my left over aged prematurely - which means there are no eggs. No eggs means no babies. It was the most devastating thing that ever happened to us.
Then, I understood that she might regret something in the former lines.
Thank you all. I am humbled and…
He laughs. Then says "Well, it is very third world of you... "
For my first card today I used the MFT Stamps PI Home Sweet Home stamp set. As you can see I created a house shaped card, I paper pieced the girls outfit. I used the Die-namics Fresh Cut Grass for the bottom of the card. I also used the new Die-namics Squiggle Border along the edge of my roof.
Update to the update: I missed this, from that same BeerAdvocate thread. It comes from Josh Noel, who originally quoted Floyd in the Chicago Tribune. Caveat reader:
I decided to keep at it, hoping at the stain would lift eventually....
A few months later when Raina was recovering from a broken relationship she decided she had done enough moping around and wanted to hang out with friends. So she decided to hang out with friends who were at Richie’s house.
Once everything dried completely, I wrapped each cookie in a cellophane bag and tied them with raffia and custom favor tags. In the end I thought I had made the blue icing a little too blue, but I guess that's better than not being blue enough? I also thought there were too many black lines everywhere, which made it look too much like a coloring book. So next time I think I'd pipe the borders in the same color as the filled icing.
I had no idea that Jackie was such a great writer. Not only in speech-writing or writing articles for magazines, but also in writing personal letters. Persuasive, and always charming, personal letters from Jackie helped to restore much of the furniture in the White House that had been sold, auctioned off, or given way by previous Presidents. That's a pretty wonderful letter that influences a family to donate a priceless antique that had been owned by a US President, but that's exactly what many families did in response to Jackie's handwritten letters.
--Long Island College Hospital of Brooklyn
If photo is of an object, any replacement must be of the same object. For example, a replacement photo of a car must be of the same make, model and year of the original, a replacement photo of a house must be of the same house.
Again, the abstract explains best what I did:
Titles need to convey, not only the spirit of the book, but possibly a hint to the climax as well. Take these titles, for example --
the point is, i realized that i'd forgotten the most wondrous blog post topic of all. i've neglected it, actually. completely overlooked it. and that is the simple matter of The Giving Away of The Books. because omg i have a problem, guys, and it's called HEYYYY HOW ABOUT WE GET TAHEREH OUT OF THE BOOKSTORE. lucky for you, this problem has resulted in my desk/living room/bedroom/kitchen being overrun by books, and this has become an actual life hazard, what with the stubbing of my toes and whatnot, and so. i am going to give a lot of them to you. a lot of them.
Enchanted was a light-hearted and quick paced read filled with the kind of magic you only find in fairytales. The story appealed to me so much, but as I started to read, I wasn't entirely sure what to make of it. Over a short amount of time, I fell in love with the main character, Sunday, and each of the stories she had to tell. Her family was easy to take interest in, since there were so many siblings, each with a completely different personality. No doubt, the more you read, the more you'll fall for each of them, too.
on surfaces, misinterpreting the conversation,
Shane Yuhas loves his wife. He also loves to take photos of her every day of their marriage and post them on his blog. This type of project hits at my heart because it is a devotion to another human being that makes the project live and last. His style of creating a daily diptych allows us to see the model and the landscape of their life together.
