Today I am thankful for little LMCE
I still need to do something about the box woods. They got totally crushed by the monumental snow banks two winters ago. Maybe a bit of hard pruning and shaping. I had to rip three out as they were totally dead, but those were done before Ashlin’s party.
If you have been planning to buy a bigger house in Arizona to meet the demands of your growing family, single story family houses in Scottsdale, Arizona perfectly fits the bill. Scottsdale has been rated as one of the best places to raise kids by a leading family magazine. In addition to this benefit provided by Scottsdale, single story family houses provide the space required for your kids to move about and also have some private place to do their studies. You could choose the single story family house in different exquisite surrounding. You could choose one that overlooks a golf course or a one that is situated along the mountains with beautiful hill top views. You can choose the size of the house based on the number of members in the family. You could find such homes with three bed rooms and going all the way up to 6 bedrooms. These houses come with outstanding features such as limestone flooring, Granite kitchen top, living room fire place and spacious patio.
The roads trips are a bitch for my back.
Welcome to my Easter journal post.
This wouldn’t be so bad if the two competing ad firms weren’t populated with so many desperate douchebags. Almost every member of both advertising teams comes across as dickish and unlikeable. This isn’t to say that every person who has ever worked in advertising is an unlikeable dick; it’s just to say that’s how most of these people appear. Look, the folks on Mad Men are also unlikeable dicks but they live in a funny, dramatic and interesting world and not in a reality competition. If you ever wanted to experience the hell of sitting in an awkward brainstorming session where underlings pitch dud ideas to their grumpy boss who shuts down every idea then The Pitch is the show for you.
obviously.
The card that I made today is going to be given to another dear family friend who is also suffering from a terminal illness, which began over 12 years ago, and who, sadly, is not doing well. Again, my heart goes out to anyone who has to endure the pain and sorrow of debilitating illness.
So your job is a drag. You could resign yourself to a life of dull (or even miserable) days in the office or you could set aside some time and get a better job. Here are ten great tips to help you put together a great application, ace the interview, and ultimately work for a company you’ll love rather than hate.
It has been some weekend! Party here, party there, party everywhere - one of them being in the self-proclaimed ‘hottest nightlife spot in the city’ uhuh (they may have overexaggerated that a wee bit). Ran into The Prince there (different story, it will come – I promise!) – awkward! Could have done without that chance meeting…
Youngest son and family are moving in tomorrow for a month or so until he gets situated in Kansas City. The house is almost rearranged and ready for them. Groceries aren't purchased though.
AYR: Which means that Kuntzman, most likely, wouldn't have to write the Atlantic Yards puff piece. He might not even have to write the (fill-in-the-blank) development puff piece. He might write the funny essay about real estate. But it still won't be a comfortable position.
5 Get Off Your Money
When those awful words poured from them
Young Adult (Ya): Luckily I have not written anything in this area yet (no universe…don’t you dare!) Ages: 14-21
The bursting water one day woke me up. I got up anxiously. Now he is ready to share my life differently than he did in the last nine months. Thinking about this brings up mixed emotions of anxiety, excitement and worry . I was in a shock! I wasn’t sure what to do. Nothing will be the same when we’re back from the hospital.
Even his most loyal friends will now concede that he has failed spectacularly in that task.
Last night the moon was nearly full and golden in a slightly darkening blue sky.
There are certain things my kid likes which I don't actually mind watching as well, such as anything with computer generated trains in it, or Zingzillas which has the universally acknowledged winning combination of monkeys, coconuts and the occasional ukulele.
*** UPDATE: Sorry folks the linky went faulty, it's now fixed. Please resubmit your links! 02/06/2011
I can only imagine what it would feel like to put your heart into something for so long…only to see it fade away with time. I reassured him that I have seen many young people interested in keeping traditional Cajun music going. I also told him the story of friend of mine that caught wind of a mother speaking Cajun french to her baby in a San Francisco grocery store! But ultimately, I ended with a loss for words. What he says is true…some things are disappearing with my grandparent’s generation.
Ok, that may sound like a big deal (or a large number) to you but it’s something that motivates me to write a blog every day and I love to blog.
Reading this post just might save you some money or get you something for nothing.
And lay down a sheet of high-loft batting on the top of your foam. The fabric goes on top of the batting.
The plumeria remains an awkward arrangement of bare branches.
Every day will be "themed" - now these themes aren't set in stone - so if, for example, I have another topic weighing on my heart or I just can't thing of anything to write for that theme I may write about something else. But this will give me - and you, kids! - an opportunity to see "what's in store" for the week! I will also be posting this list somewhere in my sidebar soon.
I LOVE these pants. I had grown out of being able to wear them comfortably in recent years, but hung on to them because they're so cool. My recent unexpected weight-loss (explained in the post before this one) and ab-toning has made them fit better than ever. I love that they are nearly too long on me, especially as they appear to be in this no-feet shot; because it is so hard to find pants that fit my J.Lo-booty and my long legs at the same time, having pants that are almost too long feels like a luxury. The length when I'm standing still like this looks a little odd, but when I'm walking or sitting, they're fabulously dramatic.
That was easy, the trucker told him -- Collins, Texas. "It's as hot as a whorehouse on nickel night..."
For me, children are people.
ieatgrains said: I just picked up this book. Any recipe which instructs me to slice off a piece of ham-flavored seitan to chew on while I prepare the rest of the recipe is alright with me. Amen.
An exciting new paranormal adventure, with a heroine who rivals Buffy the Vampire Slayer, Raised By Wolves will leave you howling for more.
The card started out as a 6" square white: the background on white card, was randomly stamped with the other images from Open Sea using a retired ink really rust, then sponged with early espresso ink round the edges. The ship images were stamped in black on scraps of white card, sponged with night of navy, crumb cake and early espresso inks.
The hotel was exactly what we expected and perfectly fit our needs. The staff was friendly and very helpful at connecting us with transportation and they even offer beach towels and folding chairs so you don’t have to buy your own. I loved the color scheme and overall feel of our suite; direct TV, closet, hairdryer (first time using one in three months!), and an amazing bedroom to top it all off. The bedroom had the coolest shutters, so simple I know but it really made the space. The hotel has recently been renovated but the room was a bit dinged up and I couldn’t help giggle at the pencil lines still on the wall from hanging up photos. Oh, and there was chewed gum on our wall (feel free to laugh – we did).
GUILLERMO DEL TORO on the book's back cover calls FLESH AND BLOOD..."PHENOMENAL!"
Most importantly – will the student still enjoy the university if she isn’t on the riding team after the first year?
3. Make sure your shoes can accommodate your legwear. A great way to add zing to an outfit is with funky legwear, but it can sometimes be tough to find the colors and patterns you're looking for in tights, particularly if you're really going for warmth. In order to add more variety to my cold weather outfits, I wear a lot of above-the-knee and thigh high socks, which opens up loads more possibilities than tights. If you plan on wearing your shoes with socks and tights, make sure you wear a good thick pair when you go shoe shopping, or consider ordering your shoes a half size up when online shopping. A great selection of fun and interesting socks and tights can be found at Sock Dreams. While we're on the subject of legwear, I'll also add that it is well worth the price to invest in quality tights with a high percentage of wool or cotton, such as Cronert or MP. They're far warmer, more comfortable, and more durable than cheap nylon tights.
and opens up the curtains
Seriously, all the flowering trees are bursting into bloom. Not budding, but blooming. It was mid-May a couple years ago when I made the Guy drive me around on a Saturday morning taking photos of the lovely trees in our fair burg.
and Tuck
So take solace in knowing that FRIDA will be around for a long time to come. And we are going to continue to work hard to keep your business and deliver the tastiest Mexican treats in So Cal!
“We do not hold seminars or have speakers, we have each other. The widows come together to enjoy life the way they did when their spouse was still alive. From surfing to zip-lining, we are here to enjoy each others company and share some of our fondest memories.”
An empathetic person is able to walk out of her zone and get into something that may be foreign to her, to understand it and to acknowledge the other’s experience as accurate for that person.
But recently something happened that blew my mind away.
I’m going to end with this cartoon from Michael Ramirez. It’s harsh. I think, however, no harsher than what is going to occur during this campaign.
What's it going to be? A mouth full of dirt, or a megaphone; shouting from the rooftops, "no more!"?
The damage which occurs in children as a result of heavy drinking during pregnancy is called Foetal Alcohol Syndrome (FAS). It occurs most often in children whose mothers are alcoholics or chronic binge drinkers.
Seoul makes my list because it is gamer heaven. They realize that professional gaming is a sport. It is an insanely well-developed country with a fascinating culture and a lot of things to do and see.
What will I wear at night?
As the days pass, Pi fights both boredom and terror by throwing himself into the practical details of surviving on the open sea — catching fish, collecting rain water, protecting himself from the sun — all the while ensuring that the tiger is also kept alive, and knows that Pi is the key to his survival. The castaways face gruelling pain in their brushes with starvation, illness, and the storms that lash the small boat, but there is also the solace of beauty: the rainbow hues of a dorado’s death-throes, the peaceful eye of a looming whale, the shimmering blues of the ocean’s swells. Hope is fleeting, however, and despite adapting his religious practices to his daily routine, Pi feels the constant, pressing weight of despair. It is during the most hopeless and gruelling days of his voyage that Pi whittles to the core of his beliefs, casts off his own assumptions, and faces his underlying terrors head-on.
"We'll get it for her," Abby said, touching her medal. "She'll be proud of us." She sat up straight in her chair. "It's the best training in the world, isn't it, Dad?"
I absolutely love all things cranberry, and was so excited to come up with something new. Once again, I was stuck on cheesecake this year. I couldn't get it out of my head. I decided to go a different route from last year, and the ideas eventually evolved into these super cute mini cheesecake bites.
‘Almost done… one more…’
UPDATED - Official reply by Docrafts so far:-
Ms. Palin owes voters an explanation. What was the thinking behind cutting the measly few thousand dollars needed to cover the yearly cost of swabs, specimen containers and medical tests? Whose dumb idea was it to make assault victims and their insurance companies pay instead? Unfortunately, her campaign is shielding the candidate from the press, so Americans may still be waiting for answers on Election Day.
AAM: We will return again, because this is an important conversation.
Actually, who are you not to be?
Now we live in Tiny Cottage. Tiny Cottage is just a few blocks from The Goddamn House. We can now walk past The GD House regularly and throw rocks at it, give it the middle finger, swear at it -- you know, the normal stuff you do to something you love.
in different states
Bruschetta, Chorizo, chickpea and tomato stew, Cacciotore, Chilli Mussels, Garlic prawns and field mushrooms.
2 Latest IP&T
I have been contacted by Scottish Rite too. We are in the process of filling out a ton of paper work, and then they will get back to me as well.
1. It's an unusual story, and a great take on a genre of fantasy which was getting tired.
More than 2 000 farmers have been brutally murdered because of what Mokaba stood for, and more than 10% of our South African population are HIV positive.
From leaving a grey Manchester on that week we travelled to London (several times), Edinburgh, Aberdeen, Inverness, Glasgow, Cardiff, Birmingham, Salisbury and Penzance (amongst others). I admit we didn't do a lot of sightseeing. In the entire week we only left the rail network twice - one night at Salisbury Youth Hostel and one night at Lands End Youth Hostel (we had to get a bus to this from Penzance, which was the only bit of our timetabling that let us down). Apart from this we slept on trains, except for one horrible night spent until 5am on Cardiff Station, a truly terrible experience.
Spring is here though, the light is back, the sun is warmer and nature is waking up from the winter sleep. I have trouble sleeping, I keep waking up. Sometimes from nightmares and sometimes from not being able to stop thinking a lot. Mostly I think of You and the good dreams are all about You too. The nightmares are about other things and bad enough to wake me up scared and almost screaming in terror.
Investigations referenced in the Pakistan Daily Mail by Sabrina Elkani and Steve Nelson indicate that, rather than hunt terrorists who have been killing Americans, these groups have actually taken key militant leaders into Afghanistan where they are kept safe and even offered medical treatment by the United States military.
It's all about the hockey!
Neil continued, "The council claim that there are seven street homeless people in Brighton. This simply is not true. Last night there were ten or eleven of us where I was sleeping and that is just me." Another street homeless man, Jez, said, "I was with two others." Michael said, "There were seven of us last night where we were." Russell said with frustration, "We are just a blot on the landscape!" Jez, as he turns to leave after the Soup Run shouts to me, "I was born and bred in this area and I can't get anywhere to live!"
Today is no different. We have liberal Christians who claim false truths and mislead millions in the name of love. We have hardline fundamentalists who distort the word of God because they fear secular society. We have scientists who claim God is a myth and an ancient cultural creation. We have different religions that all tell us we are wrong and should convert to their beliefs.
Of course all this whole no-work thing is down to some bad choices on my part.
I hate rationalizations. Rationalizing is just a mechanism to make us all feel better about the stupid decisions we (or in this case, our favorite teams) make. It’s always much easier to rationalize than to admit defeat to a superior opponent, or worse, accept that your team was beaten fair-and-square by an inferior opponent. Both of the above pretenses are such annoying cop-outs.
So, today we celebrate some of the awe inspiring benders of Dylan McKay.
Olivia was paralyzed with fear as the girl took her hand away. Olivia just lied there shaking as the other girl got down.
Tools: large oval scallop, large oval punch, square scallop punch, Big Shot, Square Lattice EF
But what of the connection with New Zealand I found in the churchyard? The New Forest was not left untouched by both World Wars, its woodlands felled for timber or for charcoal (used as a filter in gas masks), its heathland used for airfields or troop camps, while the coastal areas to the south played an important role in coastal defence and in the D-Day landings. As my guide explains, during the First World War, Brockenhurst was home to No.1 New Zealand General Hospital which treated battlefield casualties arriving from France – over 21,000 of them. The 108 who died, mostly New Zealanders, but some of other nationalities including Indians, are buried in St Nicholas’ Churchyard along with ‘three unknown Belgian civilians’ whose last resting place is marked by a simple stone plaque set in the ground.
Ok, I have held back as long as I could. These Coors Light ads are killing me so I want some good answers for what all or one of these inane phrases mean. I know you can come up with some funny responses.
The teenage prostitute who allegedly had sex with more than 80 men once had a MARATHON session with four different men within four hours which net her $2,000 in a single day! She rested only 13 minutes in between the session.
weapons were saved in the writings of the Reformers and the Puritans. Pick them
AS the 2011 calendar year comes to a close, I can look back at nearly four months of work with iPads in my classroom community. I am more resolute than ever. This endeavor is a valuable one and the curriculum learning, the 21st century skills learning, and the motivation of my students has never been more rich.
Speaking of price point, is it bad that I am so excited that Grapevine on Anderson is closing? The deals there are definitely worth getting excited about and the beer selection there has been dwindling seriously over the past few months. This used to be my favorite store but given some management changes the prime real estate in the store has replaced brand new TX brews with a cooler full of malternatives and Sweet Tea Vodka from Firefly.
We did the turkey injecting both white and red wine in it the day before... then covering it inside and out with a lemon-honey-onion-garlic mixture... and stuffed with minced meat with apple, bacon and raisins.
I'll share what got me thinking about this and I'll sum it up with general thoughts and some opinions on college admissions.
Tom and I go for a walk to the beach to blow the cobwebs away. On the way home, we attract lots of evil-looking flies, but it’s all right, because, as Dad and I always used to say to each other, confident that our rhesus negative blood repelled all blood-sucking insects, I never get bitten. Naturally, by the time I get in, my right thigh is sprouting a mini Mauna Loa with a gigantic crater in the middle…
I’ve enjoyed sharing our family recipe and tradition with you! I hope it becomes a tradition in your home too. Enjoy! :)
It also reminds me that there is hope in God, and that although we have been through trials and tribulation our ability to share our testimony will allow us room to recreate ourselves, and prepare for destiny. Everything that we do in life, is a portion of what is to come of our calling, and if we can be the sacrifice to prevents others from having this same story, then waking up each morning is absolutely worth it.
The moment a child drops the ball
My favorite word today is sanity. N., keep hoping. Def.: Statistics say that one of four persons is suffering from some sort of mental illness. Think of your three best friends. If they're okay, it's you.
It's notable that Herman recounts the stories but does not provide any actual evidence as proof. Decades before, in a 1945 paper called 'The solution of incrustations in the urinary bladder by a new method', (Journal of Urology, 53(5), p 702) a Brazilian urologist called Eugênio Lins describes a non-surgical method (a herbal mixture at close to boiling point) to treat the condition. He also reports on a US Navy surgeon named Charles Ammerman who operated on three candiru victims, in one case slicing into the bladder to extract the fish. Again, the paper tells the stories but is lacking in details. (Note: I have been unable to find any official record of Ammerman's work. If you can find any such records, I'd love to see them.)
I think I'm going to need your help with decision making as we need some more furniture. I'm already scouring eBay for some pieces.
Comedian Tina Fey eluded the worst dress list in her gorgeous gown. Tina looked fabulous in her custom strapless midnight blue Carolina Herrera gown. This custom number fit her figure perfectly.
God has given to all men, everywhere, a gift. It is not necessary to lean upon our own understanding, to be tossed by the winds of opinion, to be left to our own devices to figure out what is truth and what is deception. What father would do that to his children? No, God has given us a very sure way to let us know truth. If we ask, He'll simply tell us.
2 T brown sugar
a script is interpreted, while a program is executed(i.e. the source is first compiled, and the result of that compilation is executed).
Ok, Scorched Earth is a side project from 2008, but “Woman Gone Bad” has such a heavy slamming riff that Ron Asheton shat his pants when he first heard it (I’m assuming). London Stone features the slashing “Well Out of It”, that riff you could loop into a thirty minute remix and I wouldn’t get tired of it. “Gathering” compiles a lot of rarities onto a full-length cd, featuring a guest appearance by guitarist, and Nick’s boyhood friend, Bari Watts. If you like the heavy guitar aspect of Bevis Frond, then Bari’s band The Outskirts of Infinity should also be checked out.
A Puff Of Dew is both the most surreal and the most apathetic track on the album. Here the two musicians hardly play and sing: they behave as if they were forced to sing and play. Sounds float around, rather than being organized in a song.
Singapore’s birth rates has been declining to below the level needed to replace the population and if no measures are taken to rectify the situation, we will end up like Japan – an aging society with manifold repercussions for the nation.
NATIONAL FOUNDATION FOR INFECTIOUS DISEASES (NFID). NFID applauds new, stronger recommendations for influenza vaccination of the nation’s health care workers.
KISS
We do look forward to getting our RV and not feeling like we are "Stuck" here and can not move. Since the RV put us on a major set back financially, I am going to start typing from home again, the kids are not too happy about that, but we need to do something until we get paid on some more of our deals. Greg was talking about finding a part time job, but is going to wait two weeks until we get some more deals going.
Round 2: 2 HDC in each ST around. (20 HDC)
“We didn’t know how far he’d go, how many coaches would keep him on the team,” says Dean Dompierre, Eric’s father.
Puree` the blueberries. Press them through a sieve into a bowl to remove the skins. Place the puree` and the vinegar in a small saucepan. Bring to a boil. Reduce to a simmer and add the rosemary. Simmer until reduced and thick. Stir in the butter.
"No, I have not opened an account with this bank. Ah jeez, this always happens, just- just check the social security number."
The Freep alleges that appellate defender commission delayed turning over to authorities evidence of questionable, and possibly illegal, activities involving its former director James Neuhard, and evidence of pornography allegedly found on the computer that he used until his abrupt retirement in January 2011.
8. Memphis Tigers
The car reeked of sex
Isn't she fun???? Soccer is huge here at my house, so when I saw this cutie I just had to have her....This weeks sketch was a perfect chance to colored her up :)) I saw the flag on the sketch and knew she would be perfect!!!
You toad the line, but don’t know what for
Imagine my excitement while at my Uncles’ when I found these few photographs. I think the first three photos were taken for the postcards. a little before my time, but certainly not by much, as everything is exactly as I remember it.
This podcast is available via iTunes or the audio player and download link below:
and “American Beauty.”
Dishes in the sink means I'm doing other more important things.
2 tablespoons Korean chili powder
him: “Can I ask you something?”
First thing in the morning on Sunday 15th April there was barely a cloud in the sky above Manchester. The sun shone, the sky was blue, and I was off camping. It was a few miles walk to the camp site, so I left my hotel early to make absolutely certain I was there on-time. I was on holiday and - despite my backpack - there was a spring in my step. To be fair, it was a very light pack, which contained only a few essentials for the day.
1/4 kosher salt
And true to form the theme was meticulously carried through down to every last detail. (Even though they only had literally 3 days to pull the whole restaurant together!) Loved the little decorative touches like a pink egg sitting in a tumbler of hay.
All this talk of companies getting involved in the client-level distribution might worry independent producers, but Kerzner said he sees technology building an essential partnership.
Every doddery old twat holding up the fast lane.
Red cardigan, Emma James (Liz Claiborne Co) - Goodwill
"Yoga and "scandal" seem to walk hand-in-hand these days. It's a "union of opposites" that's growing more comfortable with time." - Stewart Lawrence, Huffington Post
Milana, a ninth-grader in Grozny, wears thick eyeliner, dons tight miniskirts, smokes cigarettes and dates boys: all things a proper Muslim girl is forbidden to do in Chechnya.
More realistically, I hope that this spicy twist on a Thai Massaman Curry has what it takes to blow your mind too…it certainly blew mine away when I made it for the first time and put 15 large chillies in the paste rather than 15 small ones! Still, it tasted lovely and after a few cupfuls of yoghurt my tongue returned to its former self.
And then there’s the poem’s casual gait, its chatty nature, its contentment with “leaving it at that.” There is a suggestion that artists are just fine with such zaniness -- it’s okay, leave the explanation to the geeks and when they make their explanations, well, there’s no need to fret about those either. There’s maybe even a touch of Ad Reinhardt in there: "Only a bad artist thinks he has a good idea. A good artist does not need anything."
DOES it make any difference at all whether you spin the coin or not?
Parti-gyling. Why does everyone get it so wrong? Younger's brewed most of their beers entire gyle, including the really strong ones. They didn't just use the first runnings. And they certainly didn't blend after fermentation. Blending beer from two different mashes? Nope, didn't do that either.
The idea is that you imagine the entire rectangular touchpad as the goal, and you put your finger on the spot you want to aim for, and hold it there for however long you think will charge up the right amount of power. It’s not easy to master. At all. But when you get it right, it’s very rewarding.
What used to be?
Video games aren’t always held in the best of attitudes when it comes to the media. Every time someone does something stupid or horrendous, such as murdering people, and people find out they used to play games like World of Warcraft or Call of Duty, they make great and unfounded assumptions.
She agreed and was delighted to share some of her thoughts on the entire experience.
I’ve always been able to control my emotions
Look around!?!
Oh, the Lord is good to me
Check out our baby baby baby video!
abt 1906
Today (I'm writing this on Thursday), Gary Carter died.
Upon receiving by faith the Lord of that gospel 1 Corinthians 2:12 becomes a reality in your life. “Now we have received, not the spirit of the world, but the Spirit which is of God; that we might know the things that are freely given to us of God.” True understanding begins with Christ, is centered in Christ, and is fulfilled in Him.
I was about to get cross because I have high standards of cleanliness, when I saw the police lights behind and the helicopters above.
Monday: I look gross here, I won't lie. My blush was applying really blotchy, and I ended up removing all my face makeup and trying again, only for my blush to keep fighting me. I was also really sweaty and ended up sweating off most of my makeup before I got to work, and my camera didn't capture my eye makeup accurately at all - my crease looks purple here, when in reality it was a reddened brown! The lips were also more of a browny red old-lady colour, but I much prefer how they look here.
It may be their crisis, but it’s our problem.
It was not what I expect it to be. When I first saw that the book was basically a collection of interviews and newspapers columns, I wasn’t expecting much, but it definitely surprised me. In the interviews he examines six countries similar in size to Puerto Rico that have successfully de-colonized: Singapore, Ireland, Israel, New Zealand, Estonia, and Slovenia. Each chapter is divided by country, the discussion is about the decolonization process, the economic success and how these examples could be applied to Puerto Rico.
“Fuck,” Sid’s partner, Johnny No Nuts, screamed as he slipped onto the floorboard on the passenger side. “Fuck, fuck, fuck,” he yelled, as he fumbled with the action on his piece and looked into the passenger side view with great caution as a thick trail of blood ran down his cheek onto his shoulder.
"Oh, no," the nurse said, shaking her head, "he's still dead, but he died this morning rather than last night." She held up her hand with a small amount of space between her thumb and index finger. "You missed him by that much."
“What does ‘mierda pequeña’ mean, man?”
The Sierra Club believes the Commissions’ second conditional approval of the plant is arbitrary and unsupported by evidence presented in extensive hearings regarding the project.
Jason Kidd was able to be truthful and share that his daughter believed that she was in a relationship. Again, the perpetrator told Melanie that he did not sleep with his wife. The perpetrator said that he is the only one that has a job, and that they don’t respect each other.
For years, Yamazaki was the only Japanese Whisky available in the US. For that reason, to the extent most Americans are familiar with Japanese Whisky, they are familiar with Yamazaki and, more specifically, the two expressions which have been most widely sold here: Yamazaki 12 year old ($30-$40) and 18 year old ($90-$100).
The analysis, by Experian, measured the resilience of local economies in different council areas. The findings give an indicator of the prospects for the economy as public sector spending and employment is cut back sharply, following the announcement of spending cuts by the Chancellor George Osborne.
Do the Q!
So those 10 aligners took another 3 months.
Obama cannot raise debt ceiling on his own: Timothy Geithner on the ABC program “This Week”: “It is not a workable option. This is not a workable option to limit the damage to the American people that would come from Congress not acting to raise the — to avoid a default crisis.”
I find straight-up horror films pretty boring these days. I almost think its fair to say that if a film states that it is a horror film, and is not made in Japan – its probably not very scary unless you’re a horror virgin or too young to see one. They generally end up in three categories, in my experience – the unheard-of, non-english-language original version, the plastic-bimbo-populated Hollywood remake, and the half-baked predictable teen-horror.
Redpoint NOC-out Cover-up Compact. Like it. Three colors: a salmon, a beige and a yellow. I use the salmon corrector quite a bit. It's pigmented so a little goes a long way. The beige color is not my exact skin tone color. I've never used the yellow. I think you can get the salmon on it's own and would re-purchase that.
Troubled times in my own life have strengthened me and, in my middle years, I feel I have greater confidence and self belief than I could have dreamt of. With every set-back, my calm resolve and quiet determination not to let it bring me down has increased.
In a medium saucepan, melt remaining butter. Add the flour and cook for 1-2 minutes until golden brown, whisking constantly. Whisk in the milk and cook until the mixture thickens and bubbles, about 5 minutes. Once the mixture has thickened, whisk in the cheese until completely melted. Remove from the heat and add the cheese sauce to the soup pot. Allow to simmer until warmed through and broccoli is tender. Season with salt and freshly ground pepper to taste. If desired, puree the soup with an immersion blender for a smooth texture.
If you have these pieces in your cupboard already but you're not committed to making them permanently joined, I have a tip for you... Scor-Tape! Yeah, baby! The stuff is awesome. And since it's mostly clear it's barely visible through the clear glass.
After I wrote my assignment on Ibrahim as an early Monotheist (which I will publish later on), did I feel too that we are dealing with a common Middle Eastern – or maybe rather Near Eastern – expression, more than we are talking about a “Jewish” on the one hand and a “Muslim” on the other. Of course, I’m not attempting to say that the two religions are basically the same, though there are many similarities to be find, they are not only products of their original geographical homes, and even so there would have been differences, but they are also that, products of their original geographical homes, and therefore – of course – have many similar expressions and thoughts.
The Guardian has raised questions about freedom of the Press. Its media analyst, Steve Hewlett, says that when it comes to paying for stories, no newspaper — "tabloid or otherwise" — is exempt.
Samsung LN46B650 Review
It is as if feminism lost its way, fell asleep and woke up in a Bangkok cathouse.
It needs more green, much more green - ground cover, ferns and lots of frothy cow parsley. As soon as the bluebells have finished flowering a friend has offered me free rein in her small patch of woodland to dig up some bluebells and shuttlecock fern.
Remember his humorous speeches,
“..how long must I wait/ One more time for a simple twist of fate”- Dylan
The days have not always been sunny between us, that’s okay. I still love you, I do my best to forget the bad days as they are in the past. I love getting to spend time with you in the here and now. I love to watch the children play with you. I am thankful and very truly so for all the good times. You and Mom did your best, despite a few decisions. I only wish you could learn to let me make a few of my own mistakes and know I will be okay. I have had two pretty darn good parents when most don’t have any. I know I am strong and stubborn, as much as I may get that from you, I get it from you and mom both. You both make me strong. So Thank you for being tough on me when I needed it, and helping me reach for new opportunities.
I ended up calling in Tuesday. I was so sun-sick I was puking and my back was so tender I couldn't bear the thought of cloth touching it.
The man in the house opposite, Paul was a long distance lorry driver. He left for work on Monday mornings and was gone all week. The house adjoining his was being renovated. I remember when the workmen smashed all the sash windows out and replaced them with latticed double-glazing; they looked smaller and bespectacled. Kathy had lived in the house next door for fifty-seven years. Initially I thought she was a widow, although I later suspected that she may have been divorced, but didn’t mention it, as she was so vigorously Catholic.
The country’s marine ecosystem contains over 3,000 species of fish, coral reefs, mangrove forests, lagoons, prairies, beaches and cliffs. There are 53 million hectares of natural forests and 22 million hectares of savannas, arid zones, wetlands, and snow peaks. Fourteen percent of the country is comprised of protected national parks, natural parks, and sanctuaries.
Moreover, taking policy loans has the same effect as skipping premiums, assuming that cash value is actually available. On top of this, there is the additional burden of loan interest, assuming that cash value is actually available. Typically, cash value is nonexistent because of guaranteed coverage charges for the no-lapse rider, leaving little or no loan value for emergencies.
With Galaxy S2 sales surpassing the 20 million units mark in just 10 months (April 2011 to February 2012), Samsung have a great opportunity to deliver a smartphone that will take the media by storm. Refusing to announce the smartphone at the Mobile World Congress last month was a smooth tactic that makes the Samsung Galaxy S3 sound far more mysterious and desirable. When Samsung do finally announce their flagship smartphone for 2012, the world will listen in awe as specifications trickle down impatiently waiting ears. One could argue Samsung releases are quickly developing the mass hype of a new Apple iDevice. Perhaps the proposed Samsung device will carry an alternative name, thus no official announcement of the Galaxy S3. This would be the perfect white lie that will surprise smartphone addicts out of their misery and look towards the future with a beaming smile. Either way, let’s hope the 22nd of February brings exciting news for Galaxy S3 fans.
The Daily Mail's investigations further reveal that similarly, the other militant Commander of Tehrik Taliban Pakistan Qari Hussain surfaced in Afghanistan soon after the launching of operation â€œRah-e-Nijat . These findings reveal that the Blackwaters or the Xe-Services even used the choppers to evacuate the top militant to Afghanistan.
From every fern and bough.
My Christmas wish tonight is not for gifts of gold and silver wrapped trinkets or sweet morsels to fill my mouth.
Mom!!
I think the answer to that question is no. The vast majority of us are not grateful for what we have. We bitch and moan about how tough life is, how broke we are and can’t afford this luxury or that luxury. We look into others lives and wish we could be them for just one day, assuming they have it so much better.
They can vary in size from 5-7 mm long and 4.5-5.5 mm wide. This one had a body about the size of my thumb but I couldn't figure out how to hold it next to her without scaring her or me.
Cardamoms:few
If our plans become known, they will surely be defeated. - Charles Chiniquy, Fifty Years in the Church of Rome, The Wickliffe Press, Protestant truth Society, Wickliffe Avenue, 104 Hendon Lane, Finchley, London, N3, 1885, p. 373.
Clearly the time has come for a Vasquez retrospective. Unfortunately, if he’s as difficult to deal with as some people say, then the only person able to release such a compilation might be Vasquez himself.
Antwon Murray: On my recruiting trip it felt like home. They were a close nit group and the coaching staff was a great group of coaches. They were genuine straight forward guys who had your best interest at heart.
The next day, bright and early, in bopped a little woman that introduced herself as the physical therapist. She said that today, I had to get up and walk!
-Continuing price declines in the face of record low mortgage rates
‘It’s not who you are that holds you back, it’s who you think you’re not.’ Author Unknown. I received this quote the other day and it really started me thinking. For some reason the first thing to pop into my head was the quote from that movie The Help. “You is smart. You is kind. You is important.” Ironically, spoken by the black maid, Aibileen, to her young charge, Mae Mobley. Now I don’t mean Aibileen’s words themselves were ironic. It was the fact that a lower-income, oppressed maid in the sixties would tell this to the child of the privileged white family she worked for.
Here's a snippet of the philosophy Amy and Jeremy Berman apply to their business (which I love!):
* my sweet, giggly, cooing, healthy baby boy
I hope you are all well :)
I'm surprised more people don't talk about this album. It's not the most original prog album, but then again, a lot of prog bands were not very original, but it's got a great energy and enthusiasm and there are tons of interesting twists and turns the songs make. Some of the longer songs could have trimmed down, but that's also the case again for a lot of other prog rock albums.
Terrible stuff will get to you all by itself. And don't think Anyone up there will yank you out of it at the last minute. Trust me on that one - most of my associates got roughed up pretty bad.
She didn’t know how exerting this would be. She wanted to curl into a ball and draw the barricade closer. “I didn’t know what to do,” she said. “I was afraid to approach the alley until I heard a scuffle and just went charging in. Dr. Devoe was on the ground. His mouth was bleeding, and a man stood over him. By the street lamp, I could see him clearly. Then the man came at me. He pointed his finger in my face and yelled, ‘Don’t ever come back to Russia!’”
REFRIGERATE 4 hours or until firm.
At the moment I’m on an Internship as Marketing Assistant for MGIP. The experience that I’ve got out of this job has been absolutely brilliant for improving my CV. I’ve been able to make videos, design websites, give presentations, and design advertisements for newspapers. This has been absolutely brilliant for job interviews where you’re required to give examples of how you have used creativity, organisation, teamwork etc.
If an agent has been "agenting" for awhile (such as 3 years or more) but doesn't have a lot of sales and to the major publishers, well, I'd take that as negative indicator of their agenting ability.
4. Set the alarm for 3AM.
I am so excited to share with you my latest craze over the past few weeks. After hundreds of dollars wasted I can not believe that I have the perfect facial products sitting in my kitchen pantry. This really is the best thing since sliced bread!!!
I’m so thrilled with the image quality of the prints from GotPrint, pictured above, that I’d like to offer a free set to a random selection of commenters to this post. Just leave a comment about them, or the event, and by next week, I’ll contact five of you for mailing addresses. Deal? Then get to typing.
And “Home is where the Hatred is”.
However this does not discount the rear wing is also being blown and stalled by the DRS duct, but I have yet to see any evidence of slots in the underside of the rear wing profiles or endplates. AUTOSPORT reported these were seen in testing, so perhaps there remains the chance the system could be used for both wing front and rear.
How shall I thank you, O courageous heart.
As evident on the bill that night, there's quite a scene going on in the lower parts of Manhattan. A pretty large chunk of credit for that needs to go to The Dirty Pearls who have no problem welcoming fellow bands and singers into their world. During the show, the 'Pearls frontman Tommy London mentioned that they are all about mutual respect and helping other bands in the scene. Recently, London started up his own label, Rivington Records, which will be spotlighting bands from the New York scene and beyond.
“If you read the text, he’s not at all judgmental of these people,” Anderson said. “He’s sitting there looking at them, diagnosing their illness. They all shared a certain, what he called, madness. And he made no bones about that.
There was a good old-fashioned catfight between two middle-aged women.
I got home to my sweet husband last night, and laid in the bed and just cried and cried. Not out of sadness or fear- I just missed Marissa. I have been with her for a week seeing the progress unfold, and last night I just didn't know what to do with myself. I began to think about the healing I have witnessed and I wanted to thank all of you prayer warriors for that. You keep sending those prayers up, because God hears us. Thank you for loving & caring for her!
Today! I love Sundays because they are always so relaxed and its nice to be home with my family because we all get to go to mass together…and get dunkin doughnuts!! I love the toasted almond iced coffee sooo yumm!! I had to unpack all my close because my room was looking like this:
Of these can only see maybe Nash, Woodgate and Fuller possibly staying on. Plus players like Diego Arismendi, Danny Higginbotham and Michael Tonge all have a year left on their contracts but look set to leave in the summer if they can find new clubs.
Looking for a great way to update the appearance of your blog? One of the simplest ways to make your blog your own is to change the background - and that's what I'm going to look at in this post.
I immediately commented that I understood. In fact, she couldn’t have had a more sympathetic client at that point, because that was exactly how I felt. Over the past few weeks, I have been working flat out on our website and have had lots of little jobs to do, which have really added up. Most of the jobs required rather tedious work; but worse yet is the fact that I am not a technology buff and have had to spend extra time reading up on – and then doing – those little jobs. By the time 6 pm came along, I was feeling like my brain was scrambled! I really do admire people who understand the web well enough to do work on it instinctively.
The first post on our brand new website! It’s so beautiful! Basically – on this page here – you will find us blogging away on our progress on the show and how we’re making ends meet up until our studio times! We would love to see this project take off and continue throughout the years here at Emerson – but obviously that takes YOU!
Alaska Aces (5-4)
I am officially over summer. It's hot. It's sticky. It's buggy. I can't stand to go outside long enough to take pictures of new items to list in my shop. It would mean leaving my air conditioned sanctuary. Actually, the air conditioner is having some trouble battling the heat sneaking under the door.
Hing/Asafoetida one small pinch
Cinco: I wish Fantasia and lived up to Walt Disney's original vision, where it would be continually updated and changed featuring new segments alongside old favorites.
Much love to you as always!
To put it all into context, the media claimed Glenn Beck's "Restoring Honor" rally was a dismal failure because he only managed to put somewhere between 78,ooo and 96,000 people on the Mall, almost ten times the amount of atheists and skeptics could manage in what was supposed to their "coming out party," their grand appearance on the national stage.
In the process, any real distinction between a "homeland" and its "colonies" is irreparably blurred. Here, he quotes Michel Foucault: "A whole series of colonial models was brought back to the West, and the result was that the West could practice something resembling colonization, or an internal colonialism, on itself." If it works in Baghdad, the assumption goes, then let's try it out in Detroit.
Here's an adorable project by Debi Adams.
Recently I have been unable to avoid trying quite a lot of wines made from the Viognier grape.
I guess the keywords here are: Unstable Self-Image
Gratitude in our personal lives is not so very different. Those who are kind and generous to us deserve to know how we feel. To those who are resistant to writing thank-you notes, I would ask, is the time that the person spent thinking about your special occasion, searching for your gift and purchasing it not worth the five minutes or less that it would take to tell them that you appreciate their efforts? Writing thank-you notes is a societal convention that can be made personally fulfilling if entered into in the proper spirit; thanking others makes us feel good too. A thankful spirit can be cultivated in our children as well. It would be very pleasant to know that we are raising a generation of future grateful adults.
Therapist: Wow. How did you find out? How did they respond? Luckily most of our chat is gchat, still though, there has been quite a bit via text, including a photo of his punch of your face.
When I was a child I called them merry-go-rounds. Now I call them carousels. Whatever the name, I love them. When I was 21, I had what I call a significant dream that revolved (no pun intended) around a carousel. The dream, briefly, was this:
If you can bear to hear the truth you’ve spoken R
My parents will arrive here tomorrow morning with Thomas and Pie and, after a day and night together in the city, we'll get into their car and drive back to Southern State.
Abbie (and William and Simon) end up in grave danger. They deduce, through different means, who the killer is, and Ripper has one of the most spectacular, heart pounding endings of any book I've read.
Red Velvet Variegated
The film itself was fine – if you’ve enjoyed the other Harry Potter movies, there’s no reason you wouldn’t enjoy this one – but the viewing experience was lousy. And watching it in 3D didn’t make it any less out of focus on the top half of the screen.
2. Fly Me High
A high key gives a look of brilliant light and an ethereal shimmering feminine quality. A low key gives a look of power and drama and a masculine quality. In a high key painting the color notes lose a lot of their chroma because they are so mixed with white. High key paintings are probably more saleable. The old masters generally painted in a low key .
He figured he'd crawl outside to get some fresh air, since maybe that would sober him up. Once outside, he stood up and fell flat on his face. So he decided to crawl the four blocks to his house.
National Association of Realtors® latest pending sales report seems to confirm the trend. Pending sales in March reached their highest level in nearly two years and are up 12.8 percent from one year earlier.
For Karan, Kajol is more than a fine actress. She is a lucky mascot and always graces his films with cameos. In ‘My Name Is Khan’ Karan is repeating the sizzling on-screen pair of Shahrukh Khan and Kajol for the third time. In fact, Kajol is playing a full-fledged role in Karan’s film after a gap of 8 years. The lady whose smile is enough to brighten the screen is smartly juggling her career as well as home. She is a doting mother to her 5-year-old daughter Nysa, and is also very supportive to her husband Ajay in planning movies. With ‘My Name Is Khan’, the gorgeous actress is on same footing with top actresses like Kareena Kapoor and Katrina Kaif , who charge more than Rs. 2 crore per movie.
Come elections, and you’ll find them joining their palms before you. You won’t ever see them after the elections. That’s what politicians are. That’s my experience. But a friend of mine tells me that it’s because I don’t know how to make the connections. This friend promised to get my certain govt-related work done simply through one such political connection. “You come with me, sit in the (concerned) office, sip the Pepsy they’ll offer, and your work will be done.” I knew he meant it. He added that I wouldn’t even have to pay any bribe; rather I’d be treated as a VIP.
They actually came out with a totally different texture from the lemon cookies-- more muffin-top like, actually, which was delightful. Oddly, they also turned green in their cooked state, rather than the beautiful pink pictured above. Then again, maybe I'm the only one surprised by that. It occurs to me that I've seen both cranberry and blueberry muffins take on the same color, though the blueberry is less-weird enough that I never put much thought into it. The extra acidity, perhaps? Not sure, since the lemon must have been plenty acidic on its own.
It was interesting to note on this reading that while Wharton gives us liberal doses of Ralph’s disillusionment and desperation, the Marquis Raymond de Chelles remains a cipher. No, a type: a French aristocrat, deeply enmeshed in family and church, absolutely beyond Undine’s comprehension. He’s as elusive to us as he is to Undine.
Told In A Garden
Eleven years ago today, my dear friend Jill gave birth to a baby girl. I still remember the first time I saw her, and being astonished by how tiny and beautiful and precious she was. Jenny and I were expecting our first baby in September of that same year, and this was like a little preview of what was in store for us. I still remember how happy Jill was that day - she was literally glowing. Her eyes had a shine in them like I had never seen before, as if everything she'd ever dreamed of had finally come true. That look in her eyes told me everything I needed to know about the love of a parent for a child. And there was something in Katie's tiny eyes too, something magical. I didn't know then that just a few short years later, I would see so much through those little eyes.
It seems too short
our back garden. This week he is on vacation so he
vacation and resting, my mind is just more creative,
Mistie Jordan Drawing. Pencil drawing. I wish I could draw better than I do. I seem to have forgotten the nuances of it.
The new Partnership Cooperation Menu provides for a new type of global NATO partnership arrangement called an Individual Partnership and Cooperation Programme. The first country to be enrolled in it was Mongolia last month. With Kazakhstan, NATO now has two partners that border both China and Russia.
EastEnders: Fire at the B&B
I think I can make my dupe match if I added a bit more grey but I'm going to leave it for now.
Baekhyun pressing his stomach, hoping that the hunger feeling will be fade away. But it seems hopeless ’cause now his hands is shaking too. He wants to eat. He MUST eat. NOW!!
This is a new set called Floral Fillers.
There are facts in this world
I'm sure you are all tired of reading about how sad I am, or how much I hate cancer, or anything else like that. This is an author blog after all. But I can't seem to think of what else to blog about that doesn't seem disrespectful in a way. My last two posts were about Josh and Megan, and then to just jump right back into normal posts, trying to be entertaining, somewhat funny, and also inspiring... I can't seem to do it yet.
The overall look and feel of this book is one of simplicity--the illustrations are spare but lovely, the text is minimal, and the story takes the reader/listener from an underwater volcanic eruption to the gradual growth of a life-sustaining island. While the story itself does NOT give a real indication about the time involved in this whole process, the notes at the back do. The book makes for a great introduction to volcanoes and would be very nice paired with a non-fiction title showing actual photographs. Another plus? With my 1st and 2nd graders, I never fail to get a gasp when I turn the page and they see the picture of the underwater volcano. This book would also make a nice pairing for social studies lessons (trading, open air markets). Suggestions are provided for further reading. Note: This book was nominated for the 2008-09 Volunteer State Book Award.
Little Green Cyclo admits it’s great to have working fans & lights again! We’re back serving lunch today @ OTG Vallejo & Front, SF 11-2pm.
My least favorite word when people ask me about my son is “become,” as in, “When did he decide he wanted to become a man?” When do we decide to become the gender we are? Does it happen at toddlerhood, at school age, at puberty? My son has always been male. The only difference between him and me and probably you is that his body betrayed him, once at birth and again, traumatically, at puberty. Being the parent of a transgender child has led me to some interesting analogies. Being trans is a state which most of us cisgender folks can’t quite wrap our heads around, at least initially. But this question ofbecoming vs. being reminded me a lot of something that’s bothered me about the music business (I’m a singer-songwriter) for years: people used to ask me the same question after I’d had success as a songwriter and was making my first album as a recording artist. “When did you decide to become an artist?” I felt a similar sense of indignation. I’ve always been an artist. You just didn’t know it.
“The initiative has been made possible by a 2 million pound $3.17 million award from the Polonsky Foundation.”The service to humanity which the Vatican Library has accomplished over almost six centuries, by preserving its cultural treasures and making them available to readers, finds here a new avenue which confirms and amplifies its universal vocation through the use of new tools, thanks to the generosity of the Polonsky Foundation and to the sharing of expertise with the Bodleian Libraries,” Holy See Librarian Cardinal Raffaele Farina said.”
(Why won’t you leave us alone?)
I read the note wishing my family a blessed spring, untied the blue ribbon and found, inside, a plastic bag brimming with puppy chow. It is not dog food. I do not have a dog. Rather, this version is for humans and is made from crispy rice cereal squares, chocolate chips, peanut butter and powdered sugar. Yummy and addicting and my friends know just how much I enjoy this treat. I will stash away the puppy chow now or it will be gone before the husband and son taste even a morsel.
This coming Tuesday, I’m doing a talk and a reading for a local active retirement group. I’ll be telling them where the idea for my novel, The Pink Cage, came from. And I will tell them it all began in a cottage in Co. Clare, Ireland. A white stone cottage, with a hob by the fire.
Does not become weary or tired.
Shabbat, Bar/Bat Mitzvah, Birthday, Anniversary, Get Well, New Baby/Brit, College Dorm baskets and packages are listed with a wide offering of goodies.
In the coming weeks, we are going to be looking for more contributors and I hope some of you will consider joining us. I'll post more about that when we are ready for more, but one of Book Riot's goals is to bring the best of what book bloggers do to a wider audience.
Turns out that everyone actually suffers if I don't take a little time to myself. Over the past couple of months I have realized that when I take a couple hours a week to do something for myself, by myself, I feel less drained and am able to give more. I've also seen how much closer my husband and his girls have become, and how much more confident of a father he seems to be. But the best part is how much fun my hubby and I have had going out on DATES, and how much closer we have become!
Michael's presence in the beer world profoundly impacted us as it did many, many of you. He was revered and honored each and every time he joined us and brewers in Denver and across the U.S.
* On our idea list--we are going to try to limit it to one per day. My kids could wear me out jumping from one thing to the next!
In my twenties, I prided myself on recording pretty much my every moment, much like facebook, with the exception that it was only for my eyes, my review and a reminder of my memories. Come the end of the year, I would flip thru those pages and re-read the highlights, often smiling and giggling and saying things out loud to myself like “oh yea, I forgot I did that” or “wow, that was such a blast, gotta do that again” or quite often “gawd what was I thinking, so embarrassing!” Whatever the moment was, it was recorded there on the pages of my free Hallmark Calendar in bright bold blue ink. Yes, there were many big gashes and slashes thru things that I actually didn’t get to do, but the fact remained that I did so many wonderfully, soul and heart enriching things and that I committed to those moments using ink to permanently mark my time in history. And sometimes if the moment was so amazing, it would be highlighted in a rainbow of colours followed by several exclamation marks. They were the joyful, memory making moments of my youth.
….But here’s a recap of what I was up to all weekend.
“I wanted to know if you knew Kye, Kye Limia.” I said abruptly.
I don’t remember who first realized we needed story bibles. I’m pretty sure I was first to create my computer file, complete with an index and page references. However, Marne’s memory is much better than mine and she says her “big” three ring bible, with tabs and a written index, came into creation first.
Set the butter in a bowl to reach room temperature. Add sugars and beat with an electric mixer until blended. Add the egg and beat until creamy. Beat in the vanilla.
If the disciple's answers are affirmative, instruction will continue. If not, the guru may say, "Go home and get your personal life straightened out and when you have done this, come back, and we will then continue our studies."
There’s a scramble, and now Jake is in the full mount, but Nic is able to sweep him and get back on top. Nic is posturing up, but hasn’t landed anything significant from the top yet. He is, however, controlling the round.
11/26/2008
My evil twin brother Darth Mischievous had a monkey on his back and thought that by splitting town he could kick—HA!—and wound up couch-surfing in Chicago in the first weeks of October, freezing himself to death—anyhoot, it was a real low point in his life—and that’s when he watched Ken Russell’s The Devils on a crappy pan&scan VHS twice in a row, drinking a ton of whiskey to deal with the other pains, and he called me into the room and I got my mind blown—
For the spice mix:
Was it just a dream? My science-geek brain still insists that it was. But my heart? My heart so desperately wants to believe it was more than that.
Rule 3. Even if everything that is happening on stage makes you shrivel with horror and/or boredom, refrain from expressing your outrage and disappointment out loud until the show is finished. Unless, that is, you are invited by the performers to do so, in which case go right ahead.
We stopped by the trains once more, then Nate was ready to go home. He perked up after a few miles and was back to his silly self. Some of the conversations we had:
Ed's in the egg house cutting ham, Cat's pounding away on the portable, Dot's up in her room sawing wood, Geo. has the best job of all, writing to his honey. Finished my days work about six o'clock tonight, and now don't know what to do with myself. And it's such a swell evening, a full moon, nice and warm but no woman.
The juke box blared.
1. Wolves In The Ruins
The Japanese here carries the specific feeling that it was because of, not in spite of, His love for Lazarus and his sisters that Jesus stayed where He was two more days after hearing the news of Lazarus’ illness. That’s something that’s awfully hard to wrap our minds around. We want instant gratification, but God often has something better in mind. Psychologists say that a tolerance for delayed gratification is one of the surest signs of maturity, and I can easily believe it. We have trouble accepting the fact that things in our lives affect far more than just us. Sometimes God delays things for our direct benefit, and sometimes He delays them for the benefit of others. However, if we truly love our neighbors as ourselves, we won’t complain! In this particular instance, Jesus’ delay not only resulted in Lazarus being restored to his sisters, it was a powerful witness of the character, power, and authority of Christ, providing the framework for Jesus to say things that have echoed down through the centuries for the benefit of countless millions of people. Someone has said, “Everything God does is love, whatever it looks like at the time.” Nothing could be more true!
14 Only The Good Die Young
The latest in a series of events
Those people who make snap decisions that impacts their life substantially and don’t really think it through really bug the shit out of me. It’s like they fly by the seat of their pants and somehow life works out and they come out the other side smelling like roses instead of crap. Really! How does that work? Can you teach it to me?
As usual, we also made the braised carrots.
Run with It!
Things to update:
One more thing - This post has taken me FOREVER. I tried desperately using the new Blogger format that showed up today, and all my photos turned sideways in different directions, and the text wouldn't go where I wanted it, and photos and text were jumping all over the place making the post unreadable and a total disaster. Photos were grouping together in haphazard fashion and wouldn't un-group; text was a mess.
There is my outgoing, fun-loving side, and my quiet, reflective side. Both have their place in my life, and I wouldn’t want to lose either. There have been times in my life when things seem all too serious, the past few months being the most extreme example of this. If I let myself get down for too long, if I draw within so much that I become depressed, it can seriously affect my work. On the other hand, I am grieving, and it would be abnormal if I weren’t feeling sorrowful sometimes.
Ok. I think that's it! I'm reading/catching up and will be blogging more regularly. Also, I will be better on commenting - loving hearing all the summer fun from you bloggers!
She deludes the heaven-proof house with entering clouds
The 90′s came along and although I still loved my gothic stuff I discovered new talents such as Alanis Morissette, Placebo and British indie band, Curve. I even went through a bit of a metal phase, getting into Metallica, Iron Maiden and especially Megadeth. Although I still play my metal cds occasionally, my taste has calmed somewhat.
On this image I already colored the skin. I always do the skin first, if you do it later it can happen that your dark ink (in this case black) may run into the lighter colors. And this does not only not look pretty, it also means a lot of work and trouble if you have to start all over again.
Lovely. Brewed at a monastery on the banks of a German river. My friend visited here after I told him about teh aplce. Swine. So jealous.
It is quite common knowledge amongst people in the know and journalists worthy of the name in South Africa that Joe Modise and his henchman Tom Nkobi were Apartheid informers and double agents and at the same time being mafia like criminals.
In most of the world public transportation is liberating. When you have a subway card instead of a car you don’t have to worry about parking, gas, insurance, or car maintenance. In the US, not having a car leaves you isolated and friendless.
Yeah, I said TEST. Because I did not TEST the first (or second or third) time I went through this process (which - SHOCKER) and ended up having to untwist and remelt 20 tubes of lip balm because the shit was too solid in its cooled state to be used as lip balm. You remember. I said this earlier.
Whitehouse threw him a small ball-shaped device, which the man then activated; throwing it high up into the air.
While I was back there, I got a better shot of one of the phoebe.
Back in high school, I couldn't believe how real this show was. Angela, Rayanne, Rickie, Jordan, Sharon, and Brian would have fit right in (or beautifully not fit right in) at my high school. I could have cast the show right from the halls of good old John I Leonard.
... not when ladies like Madonna show us how to don them.
Max Coleman's authoritative book analyses all deaths due to political violence from 1948 to 1994 in South Africa and Namibia.
One type of a shoe you’ll never see me wear in public (unless I’m working out, of course), are tennis shoes. Who invented these things anyway? If you ask me, they look like some type of an armor covering a woman’s feet—worse in a man, if you ask me. Worse if that man happens to be a very tall man with big feet. Have you notice? ;) Take a real look next time you see someone with really big feet wearing tennis shoes—particularly white tennis shoes and tell me if they don’t appear to you as if trapped inside some huge vessels; being rocked away back and forth as they walk. It’s hypnotic. ;)
This hand knitted cranberry red and silver ruffle scarf that's not just beautiful (don't be put off by the look of disdain on my model's face!) but long and cosy and will keep someone 'snug as a bug' all winter. I make these scarves when I'm watching TV in the evening as I like to have something to do with my hands - I tried jewellery but that got a bit messy! I'm getting quite a collection of these now and will probably be adding some to my Etsy shop soon.
Mount Tambora is an active volcano on the Sumbawa islands, Indonesia. Sumbawa is flanked both to the north and south by oceanic crust, and Tambora was formed by the active subduction zones beneath it. This raised Mount Tambora as high as 4,300 m (14,000 ft), making it one of the tallest peaks in the Indonesian archipelago, and drained off a large magma chamber inside the mountain. It took decades to refill the magma chamber, its volcanic activity reaching its peak in April 1815. Tambora erupted in 1815 with a rating of seven on the Volcanic Explosivity Index (VEI), making it the largest eruption since the Lake Taupo eruption in about 180 BC. The 1815 eruption of Tambora was the largest volcanic eruption in recorded history. The explosion was heard on Sumatra island, more than 2,000 km or 1,200 miles, away. Heavy volcanic ash falls were observed as far away as Borneo, Sulawesi, Java and Maluku islands. Most deaths from the eruption were from starvation and disease, as the eruptive fallout ruined agricultural productivity in the local region. The death toll was at least 71,000 people (perhaps the most deadly eruption in history), of whom 12,000 were killed directly by the eruption. The eruption created global climate anomalies; 1816 became known as the “Year Without a Summer” because of the effect on North American and European weather. Agricultural crops failed and livestock died in much of the Northern Hemisphere, resulting in the worst famine of the 19th century.
There will no longer be any reason to become the famous superstar, as that which was initially only accessible to the superstar will now be accessible to all.
4:30 am BST May 6th (London)
With care I sit and its my trip I dissect.
One thing I've always been intrigued about is green tea, has anyone tried it? I'm known for HATING tea and coffee as I hate the flavour but green tea isn't like that at all and I have had a few cups before but never stuck it out as I was a bit younger more into Fanta!
Make double the number of servings you need and freeze the excess to reheat later. Some foods don't freeze well, such as potatoes and crisp vegetables, but most -- including soups and stews -- do just fine. Use freezer-weight storage bags or containers, and mark them with the date so you can use them within three months.
What Bamakois are most worried about right now, in my view, is economic sanctions. While sanctions would ostensibly target the junta, this is where ordinary citizens will have to pay the price of their leaders’ actions. People here know full well that Mali will be brought to its knees, economically speaking, if the borders are closed and vital imports of gasoline, diesel, and many food staples (e.g. sugar, powdered milk) cannot enter the country. They know that life will get hard if banks cannot continue to draw money from the BCEAO (the central bank of West Africa’s eight countries using the CFA franc). Whatever their feelings toward the CNRDRE — and they are growing more negative by the day — nobody here supports the imposition of sanctions.
The kids didn't like them at all and I thought they were a little bizarre. I couldn't taste ANY banana, only lemon, lemon rind, and some brown sugar. Weird. Maybe it was because I cut the bananas in half and it doesn't say to do that. So if you want to try this you may want to leave them whole and see how it turns out. Yeah, no one liked it, so I won't be making this again.
Attached to the side of the ruck, above my canteen and e-tool, I have an Eagle pouch on either side. One is a clearly marked IFAK/BOK, with more components than my fighting load IFAK, including two CAT-T tourniquets, three packages of H&H compressed gauze, a chest-punch kit, a nasopharyngeal airway device, a surgical chric kit, two large Israeli Battlefield dressings, and two packages of Quick-Clot combat gauze. The opposite side has the same pouch, not marked, for general purpose miscellany, ranging from a pair of small field binoculars, to whatever other gear I decide to stuff in there on any given day.
Mattias quickly followed Syrin's lead, "Yep, like halflings during conscription." He pulled Stacey to his feet and the three of them headed toward the side door. Stacey heard a loud blast, shortly followed by a bullet whizzing by his ear as he ducked through the door after Syrin. He then heard Mattias throw a chair to the ground, another gun shot, and the three of them were tripping on crates and barrels as they tried to make their way to the adjoining alleyway as quickly as they could, their chasers following closely behind.
Favorite movie: Il Postino
- 1/8 to 1/4 cup vegetable puree per person
loosened up by the end of the night.
One in four U.S. workers — or nearly 40 million people — earn a salary below the federal poverty line of $23,000 for a family of four.* Who are they, where are they, and how does their education differ from the rest of the country? A wonderful new paper from the Economic Policy Institute explains it all.
"haunted by guilt and shame and also driven by the desire to settle history, he is now attempting to disarm the ’cause of the recognizable threat.’”
Where naked crests fight to achieve the skies,
Do you prefer to be cold or hot (if there's no in between).
Only one small slip at one of the lunches. Otherwise someone has come to me to let me know what I can eat.
stricklands
THANK YOU to everyone who entered and shared the booklove! I'm happy to see so many who are already Kiersten White fans, and hope to see many more of you join the fun. Buy it here.
My attitude towards the partition changed a while back. As a rookie driver, I took the view that customers preferred a more open interior - the ability to look forward through the partition cut-out and so through the windscreen - and easier communication with their faithful servant up front. In the smaller limousines it can be a little claustrophobic back there.
Additionally, some are more mobile than others. The most desperate will likely be the least mobile. On the other hand, the more mobile may be more demanding. The starving family will, in all likelihood, be on foot – perhaps pulling a cart or pushing bicycles at best. It would take them weeks to reach our location from either Omaha or Lincoln. That timeline assumes that they are aware of our location and headed directly toward us.
I went to TJ Maxx the other day….I wanted to see if the commercials were really true. I figured they couldn’t be far off since they are the same as Marshall’s.
There is nothing in the US document pertaining to Israel. The evidence against him certainly sounds flimsy, but if you're an Iranian, how much contact are you going to want to have with the West after this? Let alone actually help out Israel or the US....
If so, that will be a shameful day for America, as it will signify the abandonment of any pretence to a belief in Universal civil rights, and expose their Asylum laws as offering protection only for a preferred non white minority. (as many a white South African may soon learn, should their worst fears become reality and they find themselves in need of a safe haven)
However, for me, images 7, 8, 9, 52 and 53 are also good images that show the intent of this exercise, yet the adjustments I’d make to these would be to pick a different aperture in order to avoid the brightness. If I had taken this more into account with the camera in manual, they would be placed along side my top 2 images of the set.
-- Jo
Now in the recipe I am giving a few tips to make beans softer. I don’t know if this happens only to Greece or you face the same problem with beans where you live. It seems like they are more of bullets rather than beans, even if they are cooked thoroughly. So I found the way, I mention below, to make them soft and tender. Now here is the recipe but you have to promise me something. If you ever make it please accompany it with the things I mentioned before. Then you will true get a real Greek taste and feeling. Do that and you won’t regret it.
"So, you enjoy this amazing mag and I’ll get on with the laundry."
no copyright can be granted over content where idea and expression are so tied together, that they cannot be separated. Add to this the fact that Choudhary has not formulated the yoga poses himself but only used knowledge in public domain. His selection of 26 unique poses and their description (with the slightest infusion of novelty) could arguably qualify the work as a compilation. However, that would still prevent one from copying the book, not
Have you seen the old man
As always, Trollope does a good job of portraying the complexities and messy relationships of modern life.
Where can readers find you?
Today was the start to my sister’s help on my journey. She’s also starting a blog with her recipes, she loves to cook is a Cordon Bleu Chef among many other things, works in Social Services right now but loves the science of good food and the relationship to our health, she wants to share what she learns.
I used a color palette from this delicious MME paper set called "Dreamy 2"- I love this set so much I've been hoarding it for extra special cards-lol! I kept the layers and patterns pretty simple because I wanted the main image to stand out. I added some flowers cut out with the MFT flower die and a greeting from SU's "Teeny Tiny Wishes" punched out with the Curly Label punch.
He again pulls him out of the water and asks again,”Have you found Jesus, my brother?”
Trim the asparagus. Snap off any woody ends and trim off the little pointy bits along the stem. (These can be bitter.) Wash well. Steam, covered for 2 minutes, until crispy tender.
It is been around Last night I dreamt that I met my dad. It has been over a year and a half since I have seen or spoken to him. I don’t usually think about him but last night I dreamt that I saw him and I just started screaming at him. Telling him how he has ruined my life and how I feel so different and ‘not normal’ all the time because of him.
Again, though, the "mostly" conceals more truth than the "false" part of the assessment reveals. PolitiFact does mention in passing the critical fact that Lehmberg "left private law practice to join the DA’s office in 1976. The entry continues: 'Rosemary began her career with the district attorney working with the Grand Jury and then as a trial attorney in the 167th District Court, presided over by Judge Tom Blackwell. She later became chief of that court and then the chief of the Trial Division. She has served as the chief of the Career Criminal, Major Crimes and Public Integrity Divisions.'"
Ricardo Diaz, 48, was arrested late Monday on charges of robbery, petit theft and burglary.
To celebrate Aunt Amanda’s birthday, we planned a birthday party for her on Saturday at our house. We had all the necessary equipment for a proper birthday party, such as beer, Konyagi, lots of cups, and ping pong balls. As a special surprise, Mr. Marcel made me a fancy outfit for the occasion. He dressed me up like our Maasai guard so that I could help keep the order at the party.
So what am I doing? Sitting in my car in the parking lot of the boys' MDO and blogging from my phone for the 7 minutes I have until pick-up time. Here's a little catch-up on our life, complete with plenty of pictures via Instagram and PicStitch (what would I do without my 8th grade girls to tell me about the cool apps?) :)
Front of these cards contain a large color photograph of the player that blends into the top of the panel where the players team name can be found. The bottom of the card contains a box with the players name and position. The backs were printed in orange on a white background, which makes them hard to read. There are more centering problems on the card backs than any other set, and the orange borders are easily chipped. The backs also contain typical statistics and biographical information as well as a cartoon quiz that required rubbing of white panel to reveal the answer.
Persephone
Micah - you were young and brave
Sammy was not expected to make it full term, but by the grace of God she reached that milestone!
***Neonknight's Notes***
*Update* Aug 14, 2010
gloom.
Readers Annotation: In medieval times, life was dirty, smelly, hard and short, especially if you weren’t upper class; for Beetle, life is about starting with nothing, and with some luck and smarts, making a path for herself.
Her use of color, and her broad, simple strokes are magical.
Parents, I know that you love your little child. I know that children will be children. When your child deliberately engages in attention-seeking behavior that disrupts everyone else's experience in a public space, though, would it be so hard to make an effort to quiet and/or correct him or her? Please. Pretty, pretty please...
When she was a young girl at school, her English teacher told her, “Oh, Agnes. You have no soul for poetry.”
But Death has stolen our company
How do you hide two enormous pools like that? Was it smaller than I remembered? WHERE'D IT GO?
However, not only are the disadvantages of immigration overstated, the advantages are understated. It turns out that relatively high levels of immigration are beneficial for the receiving economy, at least in the U.S.:
After a month of not sleeping because I was always listening to Lizzy’s breathing, to see if she had choked and needed to be resuscitated again (she even turned blue), I finally cracked. We took her to the ER, and mommy lost it in the exam room. They admitted her, and partly, they admitted me, because I couldn’t monitor her anymore. I needed to let someone else hook machines up to her to watch her around the clock.
Excellent digital radio broadcast. Tom Petty and the Heartbreakers were touring in support of their third album "Damn the Torpedoes" and this show has two songs from that release and five earlier numbers.
"Re: The Strangest Numbers in String Theory
t-shirt -cos, necklace -h&m 'fashion against aids', trousers - h&m, necklace - cos.
This may seem like a strange Mothers day column on a day when joy and life abound for millions of mothers through out the country.
I imagine the strife today may be between what Big Boy wants to do and what myself and my Dear One want. Big Boy is interested in cars, trucks, buses, motorbikes, fire engines... you get the picture. Whereas we'd rather go for a walk on the local heath, surrounded by green. Still, we'd also rather not deal with a tantrumming child, so I'm guessing a walk along the High Street may well be in our future. There may also be something about juggling what my Dear One and I each wants, and whether it feels like a battle to both get our needs met...
For the first time in years, I had no plans to make a big dinner on St. Patrick's. Afterall, the kids are all out on their own and I had to work this morning. No one mentioned wanting to do anything and really, I thought I was pretty fine with that. Until this morning,on my way to work I thought about our usual celebration and it made me a little sad to think that it wasn't going to be this year. Things change -- change is good.
just as the love did.
Now if there is anyone from Dizzengoff reading this, I know you wont want to part with the recipe but please please please let me know if I am close...
This is a group with some personality. Good thing, we like lots of personality.
Actor, writer
Last week, The Stop Community Food Centre in Toronto debuted a short video about its amazing After-school Program at The Green Barn. View it here. The short (created by acclaimed Canadian filmmakers Jennifer Baichwal and Nick de Pencier at Mercury Films) shows the program in action—with kids from nearby schools cooking, prepping, gardening, eating and talking about food. It looks like a lot of fun.
This is one of the last photos that I took of Pamela.
See you January 2, 2012!!
My need for appetising lunches at work is really the only thing on my mind right now so it's about time it was reflected in my book shelf. I bought a copy of The Just Bento Cookbook because I adore the blog. I was a little hesitant. I don't do much buying of non-vegetarian cook books at the moment, I can't really afford to buy something I'm not going to use the hell out of, but I took the chance. Based on the blog and the cover I assumed that the meat dishes where going to be a small portion of the book rather than the main event. There are lots of vegetarian and vegan recipes in here, I'm very happy to be right.
Thank you again, Michelle!!
Longwood, built in Natchez circa 1858-61, is the largest octagonal house in the United States. It was originally designed by its owner Dr. Halder Tush Nash to include solar panels, strategically positioned mirrors to reflect the sun's rays to heat water. When the Civil War started, the Yankee workmen dropped everything and headed north. The house remains unfinished today, and tourists can see the workmen's tools still lying where they dropped them.
I am an anomaly in a family of adrenaline junkies. My son and daughter climb up sheer rock cliffs for fun. My son and my husband love motorcycles. My husband who is not a big man used to climb up on the backs of bulls as a hobby. All of them plus my daughter-in-law love to shoot guns. I don’t get any of
It's so weird to look at this picture. Nothing about it is the same. Everything has since changed. Everything but the gallery wall and wall color....
The tech asked if I wanted to know what the sex was and I said no since Chris wasn't with me as this wasn't a scheduled appointment, but she asked again and of course I said yes lol. Saw the OB and they said that everything was just irritable from all the coughing and I was mildly dehydrated. Got some antibiotics and cough medicine and everything has been better since then.
I have had numerous requests for further information regarding this object, and so I started by asking my colleague Dr Corinna Wagner, who already helped us with finding out more about Harry Hems, if she knew anything about it.
when he was 8 years old,
I’ve been feeling guilty about my former obsession with Edward, yet I still long for someone to be that protective of me. To have a guy notice when I’m upset, a guy who’ll sing a lullaby, one who’ll take out anyone who hurts me. Is this selfish and unrealistic of me? Perhaps.
Blog Candy - not sure what I will give away. But I know I can find some good stuff hidden away in my mom's stash!
Plucky
It's hard to only pick five favorites about summer time, especially since
He raised a hand. “Nay, finish eating. I shall go. But tell me your name first.”
We would need around 190 square feet, and the total (after our 50% discount for using their installer) comes to $756. We were quoted another $400 or so for installation, plus grout. That means it will be around $1200, but worth it I think. This poor room deserves it for looking this pitiful for so long.
Next week: Author intrusion – how to avoid it.
And I still have most of my own hair.
It doesn’t get any bigger or better than this.
Herald: Gunnar Lundberg
In January my parents celebrated their 50th wedding anniversary.
Welcome to 7-Mile Bridge’s Camp Island, a castaways getaway back to basics no frills haven for the ‘I need to get away from the rat race or I’ll explode’ person in you. I’ve included a close-up showing a boat, tent to the right of the boat in the bushes and a blue tarp used for shelter from the Keys hot sun. This is not a park but an island that thrill seekers & hermits alike have chosen as a ‘Stay at your own risk’ refuge away from todays cell phone towers & laptop hotspots.
Organs – The massaging movement tones organs and releases the toxins around them.
I contacted a local Minneapolis and surrounding area liquor store to find out what gluten free beer they carry. I was impressed with the list and may stop in soon to get a few ciders to try.
As Jesus continually displayed his relentless consistency toward his values (the holy values of the bible) it developed an essential trait amongst his team. Trust. They could see that he did what he said, practiced as he preached consistently and so when it came time to his commands in their lives they could know for sure that his behaviour would extend to relentless consistency in his empowering of them toward a mission.
As far as the book goes, I’ve started messing around with some character design, which is namely me since it is partly autobiographical. I think I’ve pinned down Sharpie marker as my media for this project as well. It will give me a more varied line width. So I am slowly on my way to getting this ball rolling.
Best Movie or Mini-series
Boot tray: Smith and Hawken for Target
&Happy Friday!
Remove from the marinade and allow excess moisture to drip away.
Although not quite as big as these:
In Conclusion…
Hold firm hands, Hold firm head,
This idealisation makes me think that item XYZ can’t possibly be a bad purchase. I forget that life is not viewed through artful photography and flattering lighting, and I’m not that stunningly cool girl on Vanessa Jackman. I forget that I have no idea whether the fabric is going to feel right. I forget how shoes often don’t fit right on me (because I’m between sizes) and they should be tried on for certainty. I fall in love with the image, the branding, the enthusiasm of someone else who already has it, the thrill of the new, and I click “Buy Now”.
AG: Well, human beings may not be the end of it, but certainly they are the first fruition, because here is then the possibility of manifest creativity, creativity in the sentient being itself. The animals are certainly sentient, but they are not creative in the sense that we are. So human beings certainly right now seem to be an epitome, but this may not be the final epitome. I think we have a long way to go and there is a long evolution to occur yet.
What particularly interested me was Helen’s comment that I seem to be clouding my own happiness since other people have suggested the same thing, but to be honest, I don’t know how to dispel the clouds. Perhaps time and a willingness to face whatever life brings will take care of the matter. Or, as Helen points out, maybe I just need to be aware of how I think about certain things.
striving to discover an underlying ritual within the flux of quotidian urban life: “I want a holophrase” (defined by Parmar as “a primitive linguistic structure that expresses a complex concept in a single word or short phrase”, a description which tellingly resonates with Pound’s characterising of “ the image” as “that which presents an intellectual and emotional complex in an instant of time”) signals an attempt to encapsulate the teeming diversity of a single Paris day into a patterning of imagistic and linguistic flotsam inclusive enough to dismantle poetic hierarchies and find as much value in adverts, street-talk and signs as in the official high culture of the Louvre and the Arc de Triomphe.
I've had it with immigration.
Such an apologetic use of history among Marian Catholics was part of a campaign to defend traditional religion in England, which Duffy describes in chapter three. While these Catholics responded to the evangelicals and fostered traditional religion primarily through preaching, the Marian regime also made use of the printing press. Despite the regime’s attempt to prevent the circulation of Protestant books, the Protestant titles outnumbered Catholic titles during this period.
The guy in charge of the Catholic League, Bill Donohue, is upset because Kate Upton appears in a "nun bikini" in the "Three Stooges" remake that's just been released in U.S. movie theaters. Although the very smart lady who is my office assistant and receptionist said she thought that film would be right up my ally, this is a film I have Zero Interest in. And a film that I suspect is at a level of "Love Guru" as far as cinematic atrociousness goes.
The first person who got baptized was one of the teens and my pastor asked if she would like to say a few words about the conversations they’ve been having to get ready for the baptism. She obliged and spilled some of what was on her heart.
Melbourne Rebels flanker Jarrod Saffy has been ruled out for the remainder of the Super Rugby competition after suffering a neck injury.
He took to the guitar and assumed a unique multi-voice style produced solely with his thumb and index finger, playing not only ragtime and blues tunes, but also traditional and original tunes in four-part harmony
Family Vacation:
We were sure, we could hear the anxiety, in each other’s heart beat,
Above, the pagan mystic and occulted mass murderer General Suharto of Indonesia. In March 1968, CIA backed general took power and instituted a “New Order” in Indonesia.[83] The killing led by General Suharto began in October 1965 when tens of thousands of Communist Party of Indonesia (PKI) cadre and supporters were rounded up at night, detained, and executed.[84]
he could convince a giant
I'm fairly confident that it won't be too difficult and feel pretty strongly that once the month is over, we will make the full on switch (or very, very close to it.) Being 75% of the way through your shopping list once you make your way out of the produce section makes it much easier to avoid the temptation in all of those middle aisles!
(1) Complete = 7.99
S: Oh, the US of A—nothing beats a road trip! And driving over the Golden Gate still stops my heart.
10. Lost - by inside agitator
Making some sort of adjustment, as best they can they cope,
This comes as no surprise really and would be a waste of tax payers money in the long run. The Police are facing cuts to their budgets and there is nothing to be gained from bringing this man back to face his sentence.
Lee Minho had a scene in the red Ferrari and then later joined the crowd with Sandara Park, which drove the fan boys crazy. Lee Minho was supposed to spot her in the crowd and then make his way toward her. Of course this is a beer CF, so the moral of the story is that being drenched in beer makes everyone happy, and of course they get together in the end. I’d give away more details, but I don’t want to ruin the fun – so you’ll just have to wait to see the entire CF! I’m looking forward to seeing the final production and my beer drenched self as well… cheers!
As I read through chapter one in our textbook Effective Teaching Methods (Borich, 2010), it discussed the five key behaviors that contribute to effective teaching (p.7):
"Gytha! Are you all right?" Telenstil tried to go to the cleric's side but Derue roughly shoved him out of his way.
Christmas with the Kranks ... FX ... 8 PM
The best idea we’ve encountered is a recommendation to install a Japanese-style wall unit. Whichever choice we make, it needs to be as sustainable and efficient as possible. More on this to come!
When I first arrived in Italy and saw Pasta e Fagioli on the menu I remember thinking to myself what a weird combination; pasta and beans together. It was some while before I actually tried Pasta e Fagioli and discovered the magic of this wonderfully simple soup with yes, pasta and beans together as well as a few other key ingredients.
In the short report meticulously and economically crafted by Dr. Pratt and Werchik, the alleged mystery of the mechanism of sexual terrorism unfolds without any syntactic contortions. In just one page of this report, we learn that sexual terrorism has no bounds in terms of its victims’ age who “range in age from four months… to 84 years of age”; in terms of its social consequences as “wave after wave of armed occupation resulted in the disintegration of the moral and social fabric in many localities”; and in terms of its medical, psychosocial, economic, and physiological toll: “Social stigma has left large numbers of rape victims and children born of rape rejected by their families and communities. Many cases of HIV and other infections remain untested and untreated. Fear of going to fields and markets, sites where rapes often take place, has resulted in spiraling malnutrition and economic loss. Widespread criminal impunity and inadequate local and regional governance leave communities without means to reduce the violence.”
"We are looking for 12 talented, original and diverse writers who currently have no broadcast credit but wish to write for television drama."
A conversation on immortality leads to the buntings falling silent in the car. Just as Hitchcock’s birds in his famous film The Birds become ominously silent before tragedy unfolds so do Fedorchenko’s buntings fall silent. But the image of a large bunting-like bird capable of smashing a windshield transforms the sequence into a dreamlike imagery from the realistic body that make up the rest of the movie. But surprisingly, the brief change in style fits into the scheme of the narration, as more facts are revealed by the narrator.
Last year’s Quiz Party raised over £150,000 towards our funding, so fingers crossed for equal success this year.
Perhaps best known for Excerpt from a Teenage Opera (aka Grocer Jack), Keith West was quite the songsmith in the late 60's. He begun his musical journey in a band called the In Crowd before joining the acclaimed psychedelic group Tomorrow alongside Steve Howe of Yes. I have to admit I'm not a huge fan of Tomorrow, but their remastered album "Tomorrow" features a selection of Keith's tunes which it is worth the buying just for those! Eagle eyed viewers (or geeks like myself) will also have spotted this band in the Pie Shop scene in "Smashing Time". A brilliant best of album "Excerpts from Groups & Sessions" is also available.
*Do you or have you ever had a head injury?
My point of course is that for all the things technology does to harm us, it, in the right hands (i.e. mine) will also do great things for us. But at the heart of what the New York Times article is trying to say, I agree that online “socialization” is not a replacement for in person contact. Poking is way more fun in person.
So Trey and I got to work! I disassembled both coffee tables and then reattached the wooden top to the iron base.
see if that dust killed me.
After my strategically modest shower-and-dressing routine (I got dressed in my little shower area), I was towel-drying my hair when a fit, perky lady that I'm sure I wouldn't like said, "so did you spoil yourself with a sauna today?"
ZPYSK Blog (zpyskblog.wordpress.com) is a participant in the Amazon Services LLC and Amazon EU Associates Programmes designed to provide a means for sites to earn advertising fees by advertising and linking to amazon.com, amazon.ca, amazon.co.uk, amazon.de, amazon.fr, amazon.it and amazon.es. Certain content that appears on this website comes from Amazon Services LLC and/or Amazon EU. This content is provided “as is” and is subject to change or removal at any time.
I have such scrawny wrists that I get tendonitis every so often. I don't even use full-sized paint rollers because they're too heavy and I'm in pain after only one coat of paint. This time it's not as bad as it has been before. I used my mini roller, and it's a small room. The only reason I'm wearing the tensor bandage is that it happened to be on the desk, which reminded me that my doctor did recommend it. My wrist does feel better with it on.
Sentiment from CC designs stamp
Things to consider
But wait a minute, if they found Natalie Wood dead in the water, then how was she onshore making a getaway? Wood had that figured out. One of her under studies (Rebecca Handraddy) had a remarkable resemblance to Natalie. Rebecca had the exact same body type, height, weight, hair, eyes. Rebecca was a perfect double. One more similarity, Rebecca was also having an affair with Robert Wagner.
Me? It's not my favorite. My musical tastes are fairly wide-ranging, but you can search my IPod for classical and opera and not find a thing. With a few exceptions (Beethoven's Ninth, Gabrieli, and all of Purcell), it's not really my bag.
Earwigs, wasps, stinging nettles and bee stings.
indescribable things called food here and they are prepared in
-Let the people
Onto the comments from our recent, very scientific survey....Again, we are most grateful to those of you who answered. And not only did you give us some useful information, it helped us feel more connected to you on the other side. So what if we have to use bribery!
4)This is an new event/race for me!!! I’ve done a few 5k’s, a 15k(9.3 miles) and of course a few half marathons(13.1 miles), but never a 10k!!! I normally start off a race at a pretty fast pace and slow down (if I need too), so this distance should cater perfectly to my running style!!!
In a recent e-mail exchange with someone I know at the National Rifle Association, I was informed that by today's estimates, it is widely believed that over 100,000,000 Americans are law-abiding gun-owners, with over half that number owning more than one gun.
“Got yourself an admirer there, I've never seen anyone get served so quickly in this place on a Friday night!”
I am so grateful for the way that my faith shapes my life and my values and for the way that it strengthens me and leads me to good things. I am grateful that because of faith, I am able to be brave in the face of hard things, to feel joy in the midst of trials, and to have hope in the future. Could I be a mother without faith? Sure. But faith makes me a much better mother than I could ever be on my own.
If I never had a cent
This is a reflection on the stories surrounding Measure E:
Don’t panic though. I’m not planning on deserting the blog as I can see by the little counter thingy that plenty of people are still reading it. Either that or it’s back to the old days of 2007 when people accidentally stumbled upon it when mis-typing boobies. I intend to keep it as updated as possible and keep the content relevant and informative while also keeping the humour that so often invades my thoughts on beery issues.
I discovered a cute image of a sunflower I had used for these journals so long ago amongst these papers and I immediately knew that the seed had been planted for something great! 'Sunflower Journals' were germinated and grew...and grew... The sunflower is a symbol of such positivity, joyfulness, warmth and energy, exactly what we want our young students to be and become. By creating their own Sunflower Journal covers (craft included in the unit) students will be engaged from the start with this yearlong activity. The pack includes over 120 writing prompts (which can be used in Literacy Centers or as independent work) to keep directing your students thoughts to happy, positive places, times, memories and ideas. All the time learning to show gratitude for the everyday, small things in life. The unit would not have been complete without an activity to germinate sunflower seeds so that each student has their own sunflower plant to remind them of the idea of looking for "gratitude moments".
Ironically, he rented a room from artist Nathan Lerner, yet he never shared his own creations with his landlord.
Jeans - Gap
Pelo: Antique Linen, Frayed Burlap, Walnut Stain
As I mentioned before, I attempted to make the switch to a self-hosted Wordpress site and after learning that I wouldn't be able to redirect my old blog to my new Wordpress blog and wouldn't be able to bring my followers with me, I nixed the idea and decided to stay on Blogger and just give 25 Before 25 a major redesign. If Wordpress does enable these options again in the future, I may re-consider making the switch but for now, I'm sticking with Blogger.
The plot involves a (very) ordinary man who takes part in the clinical trials of a drug called ‘Special’. He believes the drug has given him superhero powers. It has not. He dresses as a superhero and decides to fight crime. The result is a moving, mesmerisingly-gripping, sad and immensely humane film about madness and delusion which includes sparse and understated but astonishingly good special effects for a such cheap film.
Chartsengrafs
They are perfect to make with kids, you can use them as favors, create a centerpiece display, or just eat them all before anyone else has a chance to try them (oops). Luckily they can be made in a snap.
One lucky reader is going to win a Eczema Solutions Sample Pack like I received with their own fragrance choices from Sodeë Naturals which has a $46.00 ARV. The giveaway is open worldwide and closes on 04/12 at 11:59PM EST.
This flat warts treatment is even being used in the treatments of some cancers.
The Federalist chartering of the First Bank of the United States in 1791 had a profound effect on the economy. It also increased the influence of the wealthy in the politics of the 1790's. Just as important to NY was the chartering in 1799 of the Bank of Manhattan by Aaron Burr. It was the City's second major bank and a direct rival to the Bank of New York and its Federalist policies. The bank was chartered to bring water to the City, in an effort to reduce the perils of the Yellow Fever epidemics.
Making a New Year's Resolution to get out of my apartment more was the smartest thing I've ever done.
P.S. Sorry if I haven't been visiting your blogs. But know that I am thinking of you guys in between writing breaks, snack breaks, and...er...well, not so much while I'm sleeping *awkward silence* Sorry. BUT! I love you guys, and the Nanoing is going great!
replace the mask and re-apply ink over the sections again where you want the ink darker ..
Dormansland
For this I am deeply
The fourth story is unique among the five in that Malte, Alice’s uncle, is already long dead and Alice never knew him. He killed himself decades ago and she seeks out Frederick, Malte’s lover, to learn more about his death. He gives Alice the letters he received from Malte, which, however, she does not read before the chapter ends: "It didn't matter what was in them - it wouldn't change anything. But it would add something - one more ring around an unknowable permanent centre." The reader is both disappointed and relieved. The centre is his death and, while an addition may be welcome, it is merely a surplus of strength. This is confirmed in a nice, metafictional moment when Frederick, who has no contact with Malte's family since his death, asks after Malte’s mother, who happens to share the protagonist’s name: "Alice has been dead a long time, Alice said."
In marked contrast, protest over political prisoners and the violation of the rights of trade unions in Poland was seen by the Reagan administration and business elites in I98I as a noble cause, and, not coincidentally, as an opportunity to score political points. Many media leaders and syndicated columnists felt the same way. Thus information and strong opinions on human-rights violations in Poland could be obtained from official sources in Washington, and reliance on Polish dissidents would not elicit flak from the U.S. government or the flak machines. These victims would be generally acknowledged by the managers of the filters to be worthy. The mass media never explain why Andrei Sakharov is worthy and Jose Luis Massera, in Uruguay, is unworthy-the attention and general dichotomization occur “naturally” as a result of the working of the filters, but the result is the same as if a commissar had instructed the media: “Concentrate on the victims of enemy powers and forget about the victims of friends.”
“Gum control” however is loosening up. One can bring in a small amount for personal use. You can legally chew gum just don’t throw it on the ground when you are done. Apparently, to the locals it does have a forbidden quality. I recently tried a Supa Street exercise dance class at a local gym. The teacher was a young man dressed in a hoodie and sporting an elaborate goatee. When he entered the room I saw a woman slip him a baggie. “What’s this?” he asked. The response…”Bubble Yum from the States.”"
I am awaiting many books by authors that I have discovered in the past year or two. So I was glad to come across the wonderful news about these books coming out later in the year. First up is the excellent, genre-mixing Peter Clines whose new book “14” is coming out and has been shrouded in mystery so far. However Peter revealed a bit about it in his recent most interview and here’s what he had revealed about it:
Dorset Naga 0/2
Unlike Warren Carter, Lance Byron Richey begins his book, Roman Imperial Ideology and the Gospel of John, by affirming the validity of the two-level reading of John’s Gospel; this affirmation subsequently becomes a foundational element of his reconstruction. Richey explains that the “Augustan Ideology”[1] established under Caesar Augustus was a way of legitimating and perpetuating the emperor’s supremacy within and over his government. Once this ideology was firmly in place throughout the Roman Empire, all sectors of society would have been impacted. This, argues Richey, would have included the Johannine community of believers.
in Nigeria in the nearest future
I can testify that the four extra weeks that the church gave me last summer were crucial weeks in breathing a different spiritual air. And when we take time away from the press of duty, Spurgeon recommends that we breathe country air and let the beauty of nature do its appointed work.
JR: Can you finish this sentence? KIS has given me…..
Revenue estimates
Kittridge, known to the world as “Last Stand in Denver,” has been forced by loss of electrical power to flee his stronghold and is now on the road, dodging the infected, armed but alone and well aware that a tank of gas will get him only so far.
couch cushions for
The facts are that without a government role other than FHA, VA, USDA the other sector of loans; what we call conventional lending will be somewhat handy capped when private investors take over, completely. It is the opinion of this writer that the private sector of investors is initially really what caused the financial crisis in the first place; meaning Wall Street Investors such as AIG, Salomon Brothers, Lehman Brothers, and Bear Stearns which sold to J P Morgan Chase because it could not be save. We know that some of these took the American people's money as they were too big to fail. So we wait to hear the final ruling on the governments role in the housing industry as well as who will be exempt from the Risk Retention Rules.
I try not to write about finances here. I worked in corporate finance for several years and still enjoy reading about it (I know that makes me a geek, leave me alone), but I don’t particularly care about writing it. I try to keep the Mets’ finances and legal stuff to the experts who have pored over all the public documents, but I saw that this deal today as a short term fix, like most of their deals. In fact, most of my analysis has been eerily predictive. I saw that they could be selling minority stakes back in 2008, and that the timing of economic collapse, real estate holdings taking a hit and ultimately interests tanking was a domino effect leading to the Wilpons getting sued.
For Hysteric Glamour at 1500~4000yen
All this seems to suggest one thing: humans are clearly not designed to cope with any kind of weather condition whatsoever, at least while clothed. Clothing gets wet, or sticky, or smelly, or covered in snow and cold, or otherwise messed up. As such, the solution is clear: we must stay inside, install air conditioning and be naked at all times.
- 45g egg white
For further assistance, precise key levels of any KSE Scrip you can contact our office @ 0213-432 2359 or 0345-276 8680 or write us @ safelyinvest@gmail.com
Where am I going with this? Well upon the blessed day that you find out you are in fact cooking up your very own little bun, out of the woodwork comes all the baby professionals! Everyone will have advice for you, they will all know what’s best for your unborn child, they have all experienced it and then some! It will undoubtedly be overwhelming.
7. I have travelled most of the world, though strangely have never been to the USA.
It was a Gold Mine!!
Xypherous: And everyone lived happily ever after… for now…
Be sure to stop by the MFT Blog for a list of all the designers playing along in this week's challenge and I hope you'll play along too!
AND WITH EVERY BITE U HAVE A SUPRISE OF AN M & M OR OREO COOKIE OR HAZLENUT OR BUTTERSCOTCH.........
How do you get “clean hands and a pure heart”? - Simply by confessing your sins to God through Jesus Christ, whose blood cleanses from all sin (1 John 1:7-9). God will not only forgive you every sin, He promises to forget them (Heb. 8:12). He will even justify you based on the sacrifice of the Savior. This means He will count it as though you have never sinned in the first place. He will make you pure in His sight–sinless. He will even “purge” your conscience, so that you will no longer have a sense of guilt that you sinned. That’s what if means to be “justified by faith.” That’s why you need to soak yourself in holy Scripture; read the letters to the churches and see the wonderful things God has done for us through the cross of Calvary. If you don’t bother the “will,” you won’t have any idea what has been given to you.
Another thing which I think this read is missing, though this is totally subjective, is more dialogue. It seemed to me that the author manipulates well the description and the psychology of her characters, but still I felt certain lack of dialogues, which could've made me enjoy this book more.
Rm290 only
Here is one of the many ways I like to store them away. It is good on so many things, served with cream cheese as a spread, on roasted corn, grilled meats, mixed with BBQ sauce for a glaze, goes great with bacon & cheese on sandwiches, pairs really well with smoked salmon not to mention pork, veal and lamb . . . it is just a great all-purpose relish. How do you like to serve yours? Let me know and let me know how you like my version... Enjoy!
Shouldn't have to give a reason why
Saint Arnold Brewing Company
2 grasp
So, back to the language thing. (If you're not at all interested in linguistics or the human brain, skip over the next 3 paragraphs.) As I shared before, language is my business, in a sense. As a special educator, I think a lot about ways to remediate my students' reading, writing, and spoken language deficits. As I watch them struggle with these skills that come so naturally to many of us, I can't help but wonder how the human brain processes language, and ultimately, how language came to be in the first place.
I am thrilled with the final result and with this ever-growing community of online artists, to which I feel a strong connection. To me this is about collaboration. About the conversation. To that end, I appreciate all the honest feedback I received about the survey and am taking each and every suggestion into consideration. As a work in progress, you can expect a new look with every single chapter of The Pulse.
Hi Pete, thanks for having me.
I love to look at the palettes with squeezed fresh paint. The color mixes are so beautiful and unpredictable. I made this photo in the drawing studio I go on Saturdays.
In a heavy fry pan, over medium high heat, melt butter and olive oil together. Add onions and season with salt and pepper. Cook over medium high heat until onions have softened and begun to golden brown, and then reduce heat to low, cooking onions slowly for an additional 10 minutes. Add oil if onions seem dry or sticking to fry pan. Set aside to cool slightly.
If you're feeling more ambitious than I was, you can also make a chocolate ganache to top over the chilled filling, or sprinkle chocolate shavings on top. Can't go wrong with either!
By this point a good cry had been coming for quite a while so I just sobbed and sang, lifting my hands to Jesus and confessing my inadequacy.
To make your own Tropical Crumble, you will need:
Robbie looked down and saw a small, slim, fairly pretty girl, with delicate features, brown eyes, and black hair cut in a bob. He recognised a girl he knew vaguely from college, Toni Hood. “Sorry Toni,” he said.
“Not tonight silly…how about this weekend? You can cook me one of your amazing Italian dinners. I have REALLY missed your cooking! Maybe we could watch a movie afterwards.” (I was going to say he “missed my cooking for seventeen years and seemed to have survived…but I swallowed the words before they could escape.)
…perishable foods aren’t very sympathetic. Being sick last week and eating a lot of stuff from the freezer, soup, soup and more soup. I didn’t do a whole lot of prep work that I had planned to do and am looking inside my fridge.
The concentration of trenchant images in this collection allowed for the characters to inhabit shifting states of feeling: from anxiety to serenity, from lust to resignation, from paranoia to ferocity. The latter feeling, that of fierceness or ferocity, of vulgarity and passion, may fully describe the elevated state of 'having deeply lived and loved' – in contrast to a life of pure intellect and culture – that lingers in the horizon of Akutagawa's artistic vision.
637 D-XII/7/1972. “After the Election, What Next? Why, Another Election, Of Course.” Rosary College, River Forest, Illinois.
Nice dark bread smell. Just right for the type.
So may each milestone be in our lives
“Christ, the Lord, is risen.”
His family’s status dates back to Bo Yibo, who helped lead Mao’s forces to victory, only to be purged in the 1966-76 Cultural Revolution. Bo Yibo was eventually rehabilitated, and his son, Bo Xilai, was a rising star in the party by 1987, when Bo Guagua was born.
So the only puzzle or paradox of Peronism is one that modern-day Leftist intellectuals have artificially created for themselves. They refuse to accept that you can be BOTH a Leftist and a nationalist so are basically just lost for words (or sensible words anyway) when confronted with great historical figures such as Peron who prove by their living example that you CAN be both.
You know. Too many times have I been aggravated because of being judged for something that doesn’t tell anything about me at all. I’ve been judged for being fat. Automatically, people laugh and think that I eat obsessively and that I might even eat THEM if they get too close. Hmmm….Well you know, maybe I have an eating disorder. Hey, it sounds funny, and like something worth joking about, but it’s real, and people do have them.
It seemed that everybody did indeed know his name. It was never, “Hey, you,” or “Hello, Dude,” or “Greetings, fellow humanoid.” No, it was always his name, “Norm.”
In any case, expect Assistant, 1GB of RAM, the dual-core A5 processor, Nuance speech-to-text, and an 8 megapixel camera to make an incredible iPhone upgrade on October 4th.
Brugge Pooka
With the war’s end in sight following Lee’s surrender at Appomattox, the cherished Mr. Lincoln looked forward to happier times that didn’t involve so much bloodshed. He had about ten good days between the war’s end and his fateful appointment with John Wilkes Booth. The dashing actor was obviously jealous of Lincoln’s by-now rugged good looks, and shot him at close range shouting “sic semper tyrannis” which, loosely translated, means “I hate you because you’re beautiful.”
The Bank of England has cranked up its sterling-printing presses to the tune of $520 billion.
OK so that is not a real good description of this beer, but right now I don't really care. I am enjoying it a bunch. Here is the nitty gritty
so there wasn't time for a picture.
1. To comfort my traumatized inner child: imagine I am in a big comfy arm-chair cuddling myself as a child. As a child I feel extremely frightened, alone and angry. As an adult I can reassure her, hold her and send her love.
“The man was taken to a police station in Wrexham where he was interviewed about the allegations. He currently remains in police custody.”
My awesome friends made a prayer chain and there was someone praying for us the entire time we were traveling home, even during the night. We were an answered prayer as the 14.5 hrs flight went amazingly well! She maybe only cried a total of 15 minutes the entire flight! She slept, snacked, played, giggled, but very few tears. Praise the Lord! We had dreaded those 14.5 hours more than anything else over the 2 wk trip and it ended up being a breeze! We arrived safely in Chicago with the newest American! She was such a happy and chipper little thing as we waited on our luggage. We went through customs quickly and even had a chance to change Brielle's clothes before boarding the flight to Indy. As we boarded that plane, the man sitting behind us saw us coming with a baby and said, "Oh, this will be fun. Good thing I brought ear plugs!" I tried to reassure him that she's a good traveler. Sure enough, she fell asleep before we ever took off and I had to wake her up after we got off the plane! Not a single peep the entire flight.
What Elizabeth Pantley focuses on is preventing unnecessary tears by setting ourselves up for success – why say “leave the playground right now, because I say so” when you could say “time to go home – let’s race!”? She also focuses on constructive responses to tears, so that the child’s tears are those of normal frustration rather than the tears of a child who has been spanked for something he didn’t even know was wrong.
-mushrooms, garlic and onions
You have been so kind to let me share my LOSTNESS with you for the past six seasons. I've truly and wholeheartedly enjoyed every minute of it. I have been telling everyone "Don't cry because it's over, smile because it happened." But I can't seem to practice that statement just yet.
Yes, it’s an interesting bit of marketing, I suppose, the idea that in some way I had instant success, but it wasn’t like that at all. What took time was getting my manuscript to the stage where agents were very interested. So, I wrote (VERY part-time, because my children were tiny) for a year, and then sent what I had to a literary consultancy, and their feedback was extremely positive, but also involved a root-and-branch restructuring. Which means, of course, starting from scratch – literally, going back to page one, word one.
This could be regarded as mixed media or collage. In that the herb resting inside of the basket is a photo I ripped from google images. One miniscule object from the image and placed on the basket. I was then able to erase around and let it fit into the basket thus.
Mr Oliver said Zimmerman has gone into hiding and is in fear of his life over the public outcry for his arrest. A fringe group, the New Black Panther Party, has offered a $10,000 reward for his ‘capture.’
Tickets will be available for $25 if purchased online prior to the event and $30 at the door. Online ticket purchasing is available until Sept. 22, after which, ticket prices increase to $30 and will then be available for purchase at the Flying Saucer or at the door on the day of the festival. A ticket purchase allots guests a tasting card that is good for 10 samples of the more than 40 festival beers, some of which will be rare tappings available the day of the festival only, as well as a commemorative Fall Beer Festival tasting glass. A selection of full pour beers will also be available for purchase at the festival.
* Tomorrow we head out to NY to visit Funsocksgirl and J-Man. We are VERY excited to get to see them again! We have many memory making plans! (Bwa-ha-ha-ha-ha!)
I will so be doing this again! After they were done we picked all the cotton balls up and stuffed them back into the resealable bag, how perfect. I am hoping to save this idea for another day when I need a few minutes to make dinner, because dinner time is always a crazy time around here. If you have any great less mess crafts to share please feel free!
There’s no way that voters in the seven ridings named in the legal challenge would be making up stories at a higher rate than voters in other ridings, said Graves.
I was so glad that Hal stayed with me. I was so nervous that I was never going to get better at this point. I could still barely walk. Hal still had to help me to the bathroom every single time. I couldn't shower alone either. Thank goodness for that little chair in the shower. He had to help me with everything at this point, I was very unstable. The itching increased and I was constantly scratching at my hands, feet, and legs.
Every time you format and reinstall your PC, you have to activate Windows again, which can sometimes be a pain once you’ve done it too many times. Here’s how to backup and then restore the activation status.
I would like to call this place, a place of expanded mindset, to help ourselves live adaptively through uncertain times. In this place of knowing, phase space, a place of lucid contemplation, or “aha moment house,” our higher selves give us a key to help us define our personal map so we can effectively navigate through the order and chaos in our lives. God being the key, via our higher selves, helps our personal and community living systems thrive and come to new equilibrium in the midst of the order and chaos in our lives. He gives us the key to our precipice that leads to our map of expedition. God, through our higher selves, reveals the opportunities of strange attractors.
Taxi To The Ocean- Flag On The Moon
Do you happen to know the perfect multi-user online platform that would do all we want it to do?
An image of the characters Brad and Dan from a Fosters television advertisement was correctly associated with alcohol by three quarters (75%) of the children consulted. This was lower than the number correctly identifying Évian’s roller-skating babies advertisement as a being for a soft drink (83%), but much higher than the number who recognised screenshots from the Walkers Extra Crunchy advertisement (58%)...
On Thursday evening, December 23, Rick and Jeff Tours will be piloting a beer bus tour of all the pubs where craft beer is brewed locally: BBC (I'm assuming both St. Matthews and the Tap Room); Browning's; Cumberland Brews; and NABC (Pizzeria & Public House).
As you’re trying to find Leach, you come in contact with Breaches that allow you to travel to different centuries and eras. At one point, you’re in the Greek/Roman era. This is also to the point where I’ve put nearly two hours into the game. Not one enemy scared the crap out of me. They were mostly annoying. Oh, look. A dude wielding a shield and some spears. What’s that? A flying thing? Well he’s about as annoying as a mosquito. I was expecting something to pop out and be somewhat challenging, but I didn’t come across that at all. I wanted the element of surprise. I didn’t see any of it. It was far too predictable. I knew exactly when an enemy was going to show itself. At one point, the enemies began flanking team Jericho between three rooms. It was literally like playing Whack-a-Mole. I knew exactly where they were going to pop from the ground or around the corner. The pattern was easy to figure out, and they came at you one at at time. There weren’t any puzzles or strategic missions in the game at all – it was so linear that it made this game agonizing. If there were any puzzles, then they were extremely easy. The boss fights weren’t any better. It was predictable on how to get rid of them. There was one really large guy that was slightly disturbing, but he just hung from these giant meat hooks and spat blood at you.
We had worked on her adoption for a year-- even before she was born --and we didn't get to meet her until she was almost 11 months old. Even though we received a picture of her almost every month, the waiting was torturous!
The post-modern terrorism pioneered by al Qaeda or perhaps the post-modern world in which the organisation has developed provides pointers to some form of lawful and rational armed resistance on the part of the white indigenous population to the facts of the their racial and cultural dispossession. Central to so much of the promotion of multiculturalism and globalisation is the assertion that the nation state is obsolescent and with it the traditional cultures and allegiances associated therewith. Now this view may be the current fashion in British political circles and is certainly an article of faith throughout the bureaucracies of the European Union (EU) and the United Nations (UN) but it commands very little support outside of these tax-payer subsidised organisations. If the British government, for example, despite the obvious and very widespread hostility to the EU in Britain, continues to transfer ever more powers to the large, unaccountable and fiscally corrupt bureaucracies of the EU, why should British citizens be bound by laws made by a government that is not loyal to its own citizens and their perfectly legitimate, cultural, racial and historical interests? Put another way, if the nation state is on the way to becoming an irrelevance in the twenty-first century to whom or to what political entity should the British citizen offer his loyalty (and his taxes)? A British government that quite deliberately connives to allow some 2,000,000 illegal immigrants to enter this country and then fails to remove them is either grossly negligent or pursuing an agenda that it does not wish to see challenged. Either way it violates the contract that exists between the government and the governed. The relentless growth of the EU means that we are less and less governed and more and more ruled, and ruled arbitrarily and unaccountably, by people who at best are indifferent to, or frequently hostile to, the historical, cultural, economic, racial and political interests of Britain. A government that promotes globalisation and multiculturalism because, it believes, among other things, the nation state retains no significance, cannot then selectively arrogate to itself the right to insist that we obey the laws of this allegedly defunct entity. The laws of the nation state only command obedience when the nation state itself is recognised as the sole, properly constituted authority (the national parliament) for the making and enacting of laws. A nation state or rather the government of a nation state that transfers these powers to a third party in the absence of any express and explicit mandate (← another complicated question), foregoes any claim on the obedience and loyalty of its citizens.
I threw the dimes in because I am finally writing on my own. I am no longer beholden to a stagnant paper, where the pay is low. I am forging my own way and bringing my family with me. I hope that the dime covers my single thought over and over ten times to the ancient gods and the history of the fountain.
"USA Today, huh?" he remarked. "Didn't think they delivered here."
My life feels like a never-ending to do list.. but also, it’s a list of things that in the grand scheme of things are not that important.
2. Compost her. (Partial loss of a resource. We felt like the chicken might have opposition to this idea also.)
As we pulled out into a clearing of open water, we suddenly saw waves in front of the canoe rise into a torpedo-like shape. The streamlined form glided near the top of the surface, catching us all with a mixture of surprise and reserved fear. Picking up speed, the waves torpedoed mere feet from the bow of our canoe and what we saw caught us with excitement.
Another real good day. I went back to an old standby philoshophy and it served well. Ended up beginning the week, but closing out the month on a high note. Very satisfying indeed.
Many people also have the habit of judging what you have accomplished with your age, and normally this conversation would be initiated during a birthday party.. I should be proud of this, but I know that some people would resent that fact, so I keep mum about it too.
And football and shot arrows and bb guns and air soft guns. (Pictures of that, still to come.)
whisk in milk until smooth.
Why do I mention this? Because this week’s episode is as close as SVU gets to a tie-in. By that, I mean a group of self-proclaimed vigilante heroes does more harm than good. Because what else would you expect?
Protect Vaccine Exemptions in Your State
These are but just a smattering of the children here in Texas alone that are awaiting a forever family, a family that will love them rather than disown them.
‘I believe in the afterlife.
Staying with the airplane seems to be the obvious choice. The constant drone of the engine affirms my faith in the airplane. The controls affirm my faith in my will. The pilot affirms my faith in man’s ability. The airplane is safe.
That's it! The clover is sitting on my mantle next to a picture of my leprechaun son and a "lucky" banner!
Here is an exerpt from her post:
Publishing is changing constantly, and so it should. It needs to be flexible and evolving to keep books fresh. POD increasingly means that publishers can keep books in print without having to hold large stock, which is a positive step for backlist, Estates and Academic work. The impact of ebooks has yet to bite, although agencies and publishers are putting in a lot of work researching the implications for their authors. Personally I think it is a positive step for books to be made available in as many new formats as possible; and I am a huge fan of my own ebook reader, which makes reading new mss on the train so much easier!
“If Amy Winehouse or Adele had made a dance album, it would have probably sounded like mine,” he proclaims. “There’s nobody else in my peer group connecting on an emotional level.”
Now they are grey and pale and sad.
Retribution Falls is one of those books I kept hearing unbelievably good things about to the point I thought it couldn't live up to the hype. Well, hype is probably not right. More like unabashed praise from most quarters, which is why I went to the trouble of getting the book from the UK. But than I let the book languish in my to-read pile for months because I wanted to separate myself from what was said so my dreams wouldn't be too dashed as often happens when you build something up.
Are the new paintings "authentic"? They have been painted by modern persons who are students of an ancient, classical art form. "Classical" = there is a particular vocabulary, a canon, of images and styles that are "acceptable."
Question No. 5: Have you considered “golden handcuffs” to create additional incentives for your key people to stay? Having a management succession plan is critical to the value and continuity of a business. The strategic buyers, private-equity firms or family members in line to take over the company will typically desire some continuity of talent to ensure the business’s ongoing success. Properly designed incentives could serve a dual purpose, providing a valuable financial incentive for management to stay with the company and creating a funding vehicle for a potential management buyout, should the current owner choose such an exit strategy. Permanent insurance as part of a nonqualified deferred-compensation plan can be an ideal vehicle to address both purposes.
'What do the people of Wellington taste of?' Sophie asked.
Next the delightful Maz who I have known since school who unlike Miss B is one of the strongest, self-driven people I know. She has me down as the one of those girls who does things she needs to do without any help who says what she thinks, and yes I can be as blunt as a spoon when I want to be and I am direct if I think it I tend to say it regardless sometimes of consequence but never in malaise. So when I ended up going alone on Monday to my mini-op because it hadn’t happened on Friday she simply laughed and told me I am the only girl she knows who would be confident and brave enough to just go and do something like that alone. I’m not sure if that is just being pig headed not accepting help from anyone rather than confidence. But some of the things I have been through make me forget its ok to ask for help because I think I’ve been through worse on my own. Guess time will tell if this is right or not.
I stop my child who is walking away from me with a dark scowl on his face, I reach for him with both arms. I wrap my arms around him and tell him I am sorry. I tell him it was wrong of me to yell at him. That I am frustrated but I should not have yelled at him. I ask him for forgiveness, for this broken relationship will not be rejoined until that happens.
When we look for a partner, there’s a whole host of factors that play into the process. Our relationship and personal histories, for one — including romantic, familial, and even workplace — have a huge impact on our love lives.
RADOGNO: “I don’t care who gets credit for it — it’s the right thing to do.”
Sold out.
Add strips of black clay rolled out on the 3rd thickest setting to the sides of the white sheet.
Al-Quso was also one of the most senior al-Qaida leaders publicly linked to the 2009 Christmas airliner attack. He allegedly met with the suspected Nigerian bomber, Umar Farouk Abdulmutallab, in Yemen before he left on his way to execute his failed attack over Detroit with a bomb concealed in his underwear.
TIP: Save your back! Instead of standing over your fabric marking lines for an hour, either purchase pre-quilted fabric; have the quilt store quilt the fabric for you or invest in this kind of presser foot (and then you'll only need to mark one line).
Today's decision by the Executive of PCS not to take national action alone next Wednesday, but to try to build for wider action next month (http://www.pcs.org.uk/en/news_and_events/news_centre/index.cfm/id/7E5803E8-61A6-4D53-A3005D555BF3A0E6) can certainly not be criticised by a member of the Executive of a trade union which has retreated so much further - and so much faster - from further co-ordinated industrial action on this vital question.
Ok, enough for today… See you Monday
Sam makes a quick announcement: “I’m not currently dating anyone.” Please note this look on Freddie’s face:
1 Kings 18:21 Elijah came near to all the people and said, “How long will you hesitate between two opinions? If the LORD is God, follow Him; but if Baal, follow him.” But the people did not answer him a word.
I really love this DP from The Country Diary of an Edwardian Lady collection ... wild roses always remind me of childhood times ... a very long time ago now ... walking daily to and from school through country lanes lined with hedgerows that consisted of hawthorns, honeysuckle, ivy and, of course, wild roses. I'm ashamed to say that both the paper and the coordinating tag, came free with Cardmaking and Papercraft magazine some time last year ... I've been hoarding it ever since. But in true Use-It-Up spirit I've finally cracked open the pack :) The lace decorated panel is made from a snippet of card left from a previous cardmaking session. The vintage cream lace is from Etsy shop.
Pure devotion to the Lord Jesus is a life of faith. With quiet confidence this kind of believer has given up all his rights to follow the Lord in all circumstances of life. They rest in the wonderful assurance that their Heavenly Father is in charge of all that comes to them, and that He intends to use it to further transform them to be beautiful in character like the Lord Jesus. Every painful experience is opportunity to know the Lord Jesus better.
Make a place
This was a defining moment for me as a writer. It made me realise that I had the ability fix pretty much any mess I'd made, given the time and space to work it out, and the confidence to accept that sometimes things needed to be changed. I had to let myself believe that needing to change things, even things I'd planned from the beginning, even things that my editor had spotted rather than me, didn't reflect on the book or on my skills, or mean that I was admitting I was a talentless hack.
That he is the one you salute, he's the one you call "Sir".
At the reality of what was next to take place
Grandmother Paula's Red Velvet Cake
Despite this attention to detail, something of a dilemma can arise when you order a beer you are not familiar with. You go through the ritual of tapping and spliling the cask, you draw some off and are pleased it has cleared nicely and appears suitably lively in the glass. However, when you come to taste it, it's just not right. It's not off in so much that it's oxidised, sour or infected, it's just plain bad! The beer could be overtly bitter or cloyingly sweet. It could be too thin, unbalanced or just badly brewed. It might even be as the brewer intended and it's just down to personal preference that you don't like it. If you're a regular beer drinker though, with faith in your own judgement, you know deep down that for whatever reason something is not right with the beer and worryingly you could be left with 70 odd pints of beer that you will struggle to sell! As Mark says "When
I'm sure there is ALOT more, will be sharing some of the favorite LO's I have made in a different post.
I would also like to attach to the shed a field pen for the chickens who spend most of their time around the barn and in the woods. I take them out to the garden to work with me, but they always inch toward the tree line and run (they are so funny when they are really running; only Easter flies) to the safety of the canopy. And they are right: overhead predators are their biggest worry because the dogs handle all ground threats.
Last we saw Chuck, Blair, Dan and company, things were pretty crazy. Blair was engaged to her prince (yeah, that’s going to last!), while Chuck let her go so she could be happy. Any Chair fan will tell you things are far from over between these two and I have to agree, there is too much chemistry between them. However, their relationship has become kind of destructive, so I’m not sure I still want them to end up together. As for Dan, he still has feelings for Blair (who doesn’t? She’s so much better than Serena) and doesn’t know Vanessa has sold his story about the Upper East Side to a publisher.
Use spray paint (in a well ventilated area!) or fabric paint to put your design where desired-on a bag, tshirt, etc.
While major Islamic violence has been forestalled by Western counterterrorism over the last eight years, low-grade Muslim violence has increased. The no-go zones in major cities have grown larger, and new ones have appeared. Attacks on persons and property have increased. More rapes of non-Muslim women by Muslims are committed. Muslims have learned that they can react violently to the smallest slight with virtual impunity.
My daughter’s favorite activity is to dress up like a princess. This outfit as Princess Jasmine in the movie “Aladdin” is one of her favorite outfits at her French play school/day-care in South Jakarta. She’s finishing this play school this year and I’m sad to realize that she’s not going back to this baby school after this summer. It is a wonderful place. I absolutely love it because of the teacher and nannies as well as the parents. The people who surround you make difference in your life, don’t they? It’s even more so in a life overseas.
Me: A zoo?
2010.07.22 India Kishtwar 1 0 A 42-year-old contractor is abducted, tied up, tortured and then beheaded by Holy Warriors.
Then soldiers, trucks, and baby dolls
Destruction was wrought at great range as the battle stretched on at length–and so long went the conflict that additional monsters began to emerge from the nearby Dead Fields to join the battle, assailing the party from the rear. A mohrg, a grotesque undead abomination, attacked as the party began to gradually thin the ranks within the base. Anselme once more set about a whirlwind upon the defenders and Zantric, enlarged by magic and bearing a great pole-arm, began to make headway against the barricade and its guardians.
every day at work I would go to work a mess. I would be talking about my baby non stop, how excited I was, ect. but everyone knew what was going on at home, and EVERYDAY my boss would sit me down and say "Kara you need to stop stressing out so much, your baby feels everything you feel, and Im afraid that if you dont get away from jesse, you are going to lose that baby"
Author: Chuddy Onyeakusi
Hare Kṛṣṇa.
Saldaña: I had written a couple of short stories back in high school, but those weren’t enough to make me think I could be a writer. I didn’t think back then that being a writer was something a kid could be. Writers were the people whose books we were forced to read in class. By the way, I scored As on both stories, and I’ve got them stashed away in a box in our garage somewhere, but if I were grading those in a workshop setting, I’d have to nearly fail them they’re so corny and predictable.
“From that time on Jesus began to explain to his disciples that He must go to Jerusalem and suffer many things at the hands of the elders, chief priests and teachers of the law, and that He must be killed and on the third day be raised to life. Peter took Him aside and began to rebuke Him. “Never, Lord!” he said. “This shall never happen to You!” Jesus turned and said to Peter, “Get behind Me, Satan! You are a stumbling block to Me; you do not have in mind the things of God, but the things of men.”
The Jolly Butchers is a lovely pub, one of my locals, and there's rarely a time when at least some friends aren't in it. I feel comfortable there, as comfortable as I do in my home - that's what great pubs are all about.
A dork, because all the other pieces in this issue
Life was anything but easy. And he thought life didn't hold much hope for him.
I have no idea why "zzzzzzz" stands for sleep. People snore, talk, snuffle, even whistle in their sleep, but I have never heard anyone go "zzzzzzz".
To get in on the fun and be entered into the drawing for some amazing Purple Cows tools. Be sure to leave a comment on all the designer blogs as well as the Purple Cows blog. Follow us or become a Fan on Facebook if you aren't already and share the hop info with your friends by sending them our way or sharing the Purple Cows Hop on your facebook page.
8. Chapinlandia - Ferrocarril de Los Altos
The only dilemma I have left is which to start first???
A few observations on the hearing. The Cline attorneys argued that her remarks were protected by the 1st amendment. Cline attorney Patrick Mincey even cited Marbury v. Madison !!(1803), which he described, erroneously, as the "first" case "that the Supreme Court made after it was created." (It actually was the 12th decision made by the Court.)
Wrap each piece of fig with one half-length strip of bacon and secure with a toothpick. (Toothpick is optional and depends on how well your bacon is cooperating.)
While we are on rowing I will throw in my rowing rituals. For gig rowing its an odd one but done the same way every time. Tap on the foot stretcher with feet followed by tapping both pins stern then bow then making sure spare pin stowed under seat finally before attention is called oar rattled 3 times in the pins and then its head on and race time.
Here’s my cycle from tonight. I’m getting faster with every cycle so that’s something to be happy about too!http://connect.garmin.com/activity/122908466
This week was hard and I was unable to do the drawing when I was going to but better late than never!
My great-grandmother was a practical woman; she would never have taken her Jell-O molds out of the kitchen, what was the point? The only thing that left that kitchen was the actual Jell-O you had to wait to eat. So I ask you, what has changed?
I am not sure what we talked about but I think that one thing that we talked about was how my right knee is messed up, and I have not been able to jog for about three weeks (which is true, unfortunately); but that is all that I remember of this dream.
This year we could not run on the runways. Why, you ask? Because all the flights that are grounded because of the volcano that is spewing all the ash into the North Atlantic. What does grounded flights have to do with the runway at JFK? Well they are on the ground. Sitting on the Runway at JFK.
When people who want change take to the streets, some stick to the perimeters of the law while others, with ulterior motives, break barriers and turn things unruly.
There were two recently approved drugs that can be used to treat MDS when it progresses, but they are not curative. These can be effective in halting progression and even reversing the problems in many cases, for either short or long periods of time, but they are not helpful for everyone. The only cure recognized by traditional Western medicine is a transplant of bone marrow or marrow stem cells from a healthy matched donor.
** For a spicier flavor, use Zesty Jalapeno Diced Tomatoes, add Jalapenos to the veggie mixture, or add Tabasco.
I will be posting articles from the newsletter that I receive, the APF website and other various sources of information. I'll also be writing about my personal journey and experiences (good & bad) that I've had in trying to deal with this "condition". I use the word condition in quotations Because I feel that Chronic Pain is a Disease (in and of itself!) and I wish more healthcare providers would recognize this...
Those ant years I’ll never get back. And the time I spent watching those manic little insects rushing about over and through and under the mounds of dry soil in our back garden I shall never see again. Were they wasted hours? Could they have been hours better spent doing something constructive – like the vastly superior-of-mind-ants were doing before my very eyes? I don’t know. But I’ve never forgotten the feeling of being so desperately bored out of my skull that I was happy to sit on a warm garden path with ants (very
Divide among salad bowls and garnish with the chopped peanuts.
I just enjoy being with my Family.
… the BCS conferences, through their control over the FBS, all agree that if any four teams choose to join a playoff system, the other 116 teams in FBS will refuse to play against them indefinitely. This is a collective boycott, and it’s rarely legal. But it is BCS/NCAA policy, enforced with specific bylaws that limit FBS teams to one postseason game and that prohibit the other schools from playing against schools that violate this rule, even in sports other than football. The threat of ostracism by all of college football makes it impossible for a rival playoff, however profitable and pro-consumer, to emerge.
Fry fry
"Can you believe this guy" she says to her mother, and the three of them are now standing in a row, hands on hips, wondering who is the idiot with bad hearing.
Mr. Langer shares more helpful tips in this book like wine parings for food, how to read a wine menu, and other things. Mr. Langer shows you that you do not have to be afraid to try out different wines and become an expert on them. This book is worth your time. After reading this book, you will really appreciate your next glass of wine! Also, the graphics in this book are breathtaking and they pop off the pages with color.
I sang for as long as I can remember. I sang in church choirs. My dad was in bands so they were always having band practice around the house. There were always guitars sitting around. He would show me a few little things here and there but I never took interest in guitar until I was about 15. Then I just picked up a bunch of books and sort of applied. You know its little things like how to hold the guitar, fretting the chord that can take you a while to learn but because I’d been around it a lot of that just sort of came to me pretty quick and I picked up a lot of these books like Bob Seger, George Strait, or Garth Brooks. And I could already sing so I would start out singing and playing the chord. I had a youth pastor at a church that I went to when I was in high school that played guitar and he showed me some stuff and when I went to college I took formal lessons for a year.
I keep them in all of my gardens...
Trainer: Dessie Hughes IRE Jockey: Bryan Cooper Breeder: Don Hadden
Each week I am going to add a few new tenets to my program. The newest ones will be in bold and the oldest ones will follow. I am doing this to develop a system to lose the additional 50+ lbs I need to lose after having lost approx 40 lbs. Goodbye pregnancy weight!!
* Take out dough from the bowl, knead for 10 minutes by hand or your stand mixer.
Strong went immediately to work, scouring City Hall of bureaucratic buildup and rebooting municipal agencies mired in Tammany cronyism. First on the agenda was a literal cleanup, hiring Civil War vet George Edwin Waring Jr. as the head of street cleaning, an absolutely key element to restoring the city's psychological health. Within a few months, New York's streets -- clogged with garbage, manure and other detritus -- were as clean as they had ever been.
My top ten favorite albums currently
If I could change one thing, it would be the filling, it's a tad sweet and I'm never too crazy about comsuming shortening. I'll use it when it's absolutely necessary...but I really try to avoid it when I can. In this case, I think next time I'll just go with all butter.
13. Tension Awaiting Imminent Collapse
Early on in the film, Doctoroff sets the stage, explaining, "The city was a city of a working waterfront. Gradually, of course, the port function, as well as the industries that grew up around them, were driven away by global forces. There's very little that, in our view, is more important than reclaiming that waterfront. We have a moment in time when we think we can do it politically. We are seizing it with a fury that is uncharacteristic for New York development. This is a major, major effort to open the waterfront to the people of New York City."
You make me want to find a way to bottle memories and preserve them, like jars of jams.
I watched the parents too. I'm sure many of them have their own concerns over money, or jobs, or a myriad of other worries, but in this moment, each of them hovered protectively by their children, offering a last kiss or hug or squeeze as they sent them off. They maintained their supportive vigil until the bus moved away, adding a final wave before leaving their posts to pull the morning paper out, or before retrieving the mail from the box. I'm sure the children looked back to catch a final glimpse of their protector, their beloved mom or dad.
Thanks, coach!
I admire/ envy/ jealous/ ... of those people who has green thumb. My mom is one of them. Anything grows in her yard. What's up with that?! Even seeds she got from overseas. Seriously?!
Moderation in the Democratic Party is hardly dead; as Chris Cillizza of the Washington Post’s Fix column observed, many of the socially conservative Blue Dogs came from the South, where the GOP has driven Democrats (and former Dixiecrats) to extinction. “Instead of going the Blue Dog route,” Cillizza writes, “some of the candidates have chosen to align themselves instead with another moderate group — the more socially liberal and fiscally conservative New Democrat Coalition.” There is logic to this shift, as social conservatism is clearly a loser in a party that has thrown down the “war on women” gauntlet and gone to the mattresses to defend Planned Parenthood. Fiscal conservatism, on the other hand, is trendier than ever, from the constant invocation of Simpson-Bowles as the Word of God to the coronation by self-proclaimed centrist columnists of Paul Ryan as a Very Serious Person.
Mahek: – Do you remember the small amphitheater inside our college campus. It was almost mid-way between boy’s and girl’s hostel.
For maybe all that hear
The men pointed guns at both women. Lamula was pushed into the car, dropping the keys between the seats of the rented white Toyota.
Summary: An attractive (in Watson’s opinion) girl comes to ask for Sherlock’s help. Her father went missing several years back and then for six years she would receive a pearl. Then she got a letter telling her to meet someone, but it’s not in her father’s handwriting.
“I really don’t know. I don’t have time to sweat the petty details,” he said brushing his hair back from his forehead.
Opening Remarks By The Pastor
Rudi Ghequire and his staff at the Rodenbach brewery
It's time for me to start planning a garden shed. I have collected the windows, a door, an old ceramic sink and counter and the metal roof for it, now all I need to do is think about what kind of design I want. My wish list is long; my budget short, so I am counting on creativity in using materials to get me there. Of course the shed is to hold tools and to dry flowers and pot up seedlings; but I would like to have a built in cold frame or mini greenhouse so I can get a jump start on spring food in winter. I wouldnt mind having a little deck around it so I would have a hang out place. Eventually, I will run power out to it; or maybe hook up a little solar panel to run some lighting.
I spread the leaves out a little bit, and then added 1 big orange rose, 2 yellow gerbera daisies, 1 pink gerbera daisy, and a pink peony (I already had). I cut the stems down a bit, and then I just inserted each one individually and bent the heads down a bit. The daisies were $1.67 regular price, the rose was about $6.00, and the two green bushes about $10.00 each. TAKE 50% OFF, AND YOU HAVE A BEAUTIFUL BOUQUET FOR $15.00! Sometimes, just for fun, I turn the door hanger to the inside of the house so I can enjoy my bouquet inside. You can also put the arrangement in a vase. I love the sherbet colors!
She told me that she had seen these bigoted posters and they made her angry. She was even more enraged when I'd told her that she had paid for them whether she wanted to or not.
ACDC - Dirty Deeds Done Cheap
33.) I Believe In Fairness, Not Tactics - NOT EXACTLY, you used tactics to
6300 S Carpenter St, Chicago, IL 60621, USA
So I packed my buckets to take down to the farm on our next trip.
so far no luck...
(insert applause and sigh of relief here)
“You are obviously very confused,” said the father to the child. “I meant nothing by it. You are misunderstanding. It’s not what you think.”
so I feel it in my heart.
Republican Senator Tom Coburn of Oklahoma has said time and again that his state, completely surrounded by land, should not have to pay for beach replenishment projects when the money doesn’t benefit his constituents. A spokeman for the Senator, John Hart, said, “Why would taxpayers in Tennessee need to subsidize tourism in New Jersey, why not have New Jersey pay for that if it’s a priority in New Jersey?”
We considered getting Susan Marlowe CPA T-shirts made but we balked at the price. After all, the mock election will be over soon. So we opted to printed Susan Marlowe stickers to paste onto some plain T-shirts. A much more sound strategy, I think. Especially since the grand total of our campaign budget, including contributions, is $46.89. Gotta save the money! I may be retired but I am still a certified public accountant!
Life gets so much easier when one doesn’t worry about small things like who is eating lunch with whom or who left the dishes out.
I want to start out this memory-for-MIPS series with information on using the buffer pool virtual storage resource that you already have more beneficially, from a performance perspective, for three reasons: 1) the buffer pool configuration is typically the primary DB2 consumer of a system's memory resource, 2) you can really do some good by tuning what you've got, and 3) before asking for more memory for DB2 buffers, you ought to be making good use of the memory you've got.
A couple of weeks back, Philip Gowman suggested that some kind of directory, perhaps organized by genre, over MySpace pages of Korean musicians could prove useful. Having had similar thoughts since the very start (but never becoming satisfied with the format) I took an immediate liking to the idea and started to build a list.
Combine the calendula flowers and oil in a small crock pot. Turn on the lowest setting and leave for about 2 hours. If the oil is getting very hot, turn it off for an hour then back on for another hour. Or if you have a low-warm setting, you can leave the crock pot on for about 5 hours. Turn off and leave over night.
"I want the slightly apostate cousin..." - Hayley
12:20: Michael Marlow reminds us of the part media has to play. With reference to the poor standard of many studies which are repeated verbatim, he stresses the importance of 'embarrassing' the press into reporting correctly.
I’ve always believed honesty is the best policy and lived by that rule. I am who I am, circumstances are what they are, and despite my embarrassment, I have decided to share pictures with you of my unruly home, room by room. It’s messy. It’s dirty. It’s embarrassing. But it’s the truth.
During a field trip to the museum, the kids took notice that Ms. Pitts was spending all her time talking to Alex Jay Murphy. Alex was a cute boy with an extremely shy disposition. He wasn’t doing well in Ms. Pitts class. Alex had been suspended from the baseball team because of his grades. He was upset that he wasn’t going to be on the team anymore. Cheri knew how much baseball meant to Alex. She also knew that he had a furious crush on her. She could have told him to jump off a bridge, and he would have done it with pleasure. The class was following the tour guide into the Dinosaur Den. When Cheri grabbed Alex’s hand, and they went in the other direction. They walked into the special effect exhibit, alone. No one knows exactly what went on between the two of them. However, Alex went from a D- to an A student in one afternoon.
Harger JH, Ernest JM, Thurnau GR, et al. Frequency of congenital varicella syndrome in a prospective cohort of 347 pregnant women. Obstet Gynecol 2002; 100: 260-265.
ALYSSA MILANO (Double Dragon: The Movie)
A page from Ringelblum's diary. The first 1942 entry, from January 8-26, begins:
Course Information:
I can't remember the last time I made a wardrobe purchase for full price. But sometimes a good discount calls out to me so much that I buy it, even though I already have something similar to it, or it is in the wrong size, or if it is just not my style. For example, earlier this week I wore the No. 2 pencil skirt in Royal Paisley. I think I bought it in store for about $40. Only two were left and I really wanted it, so I bought it one size too large and now it bothers me that the fit is not right. At the time I bought it having to size up wasn't a deal breaker, but now I'm wondering if it was worth it. My rule now is that if the fit is not right, I will not buy it!
This 1990 PVC isn't the oldest in my collection of Nightcrawler items: the lead figure from TSR predates it by six years. But it may have taken me the longest to get: I was a senior in high school in '90, and the nearest comic shop was about 80 miles away. 'Course, in Montana, that's usually 'bout an hour's drive. These PVC's had shown up in ads in comics of the time: I believe this was the second series of them.
Islamist ideas are spread through Islamic study centres attached to our universities. Professor Anthony Glees revealed that eight universities — including Oxford and Cambridge — have received over £233.5 million from Saudi sources since 1995.
Plot: An unorthodox FBI profiler is enlisted to help catch a vicious and brutal serial killer, whilst simultaneously traversing relationships with the local police and a key witness.
I loved the whimsical feel of the story. Ed the troll is a fun supporting character. He's been trying to get into the tooth collection business, since the tooth fairy herself is falling behind on her duties but won't allow anyone to break into her monopoly. He doesn't want to take over, just get a piece of the action. He found Chris when the boy was a small youngster lost in the woods who refused to be taken back home. Somehow ending up like a parent, he does his best to teach Chris bits of etiquette from a book he'd collected at some point while not being strict enough to make the boy run away again as he'd done to end up in the woods to begin with.
Its so difficult to get past these mental barriers because of the detrimental psychological effect our experiences have on us. My friend can be very corny when he gives advice but this is definitely worth a mention. he goes
If you feel out-of-control angry, close your eyes and visualize a fire. Make the fire the same size as your anger. Imagine it slowly burning out until you can fit it in a fire place. Sit and visualize the flames. Can you make it the size of a candle flame? Then, imagine it turning into softly glowing embers.
Once my daughter goes to school, I have a good seven-hour stretch to write. I get the dreaded social networking stuff out of the way in the morning, then spend the rest of my day cranking out prose, knocking off when class is dismissed. If I’m in the middle of a project, I may not look up from the keyboard until two o’clock. That’s when I realize the following: one, I’m still in my pajamas, and two, I haven’t eaten lunch yet. Between projects, my life is a lot messier and I spend way too many hours either obsessively plotting my next book or scrutinizing my last.
“Michael Floyd is the one I wanted an we went out and got him. I believe Massie will be a steal in the fourth round and it’s good to see some competition at the quarterback position”.
so, along with the two projects i've shown you guys from this week, i also painted a baby nursery for megan's (future) baby. it's only in the verrrrry beginning stages, but i'm going to show you the bedding/bed so that you can get an idea, and later on, i will have a proper "after" shot of the room!
At a court hearing, Zdebski said, he was shocked when the prosecutor called him a child molester and asked for a $125,000 bond, which the judge granted.
I, too, have decided an advanced degree is what is needed in my professional development. I have thought I needed to go on and get a masters degree for a couple of years now and I have applied for multiple graduate assistantships over the last two application cycles. But I never found one that fit exactly what I was looking for. I have interviewed both over the phone and in person for a few different positions. This year I was offered one position after a phone interview, but I have elected to turn that down.
EDUCATION AND QUALIFICATIONS / SKILLS AND COMPETENCIES
DECEMBER 2002 – NOVEMBER 2003
I have vowed to keep track of all the new experiences, the quirks and caverns and catastrophies that travel promises. And I’d love to share it with all the friends I made in Ghana and beyond, thanks to this blog.
That I do, sir!
As you can see, the objects produced are quite rudimentary, but it's hard not to imagine something like this scaled up—an urban-sized glass factory in the desert, out of which strange future objects are released—or even mobilized, wandering the dunes, sintering Great Wall-sized pieces of desert architecture directly into the landscape, perhaps even dune-sailing across the hills of another planet, printing forward operating bases into that alien terrain.
Total Units : 14.18
In honouring them we are honouring what God Himself did through them. To ignore what they have done is to take God’s grace for granted. It ignores what God was doing through those human instruments.
Have you ever been scared that your not receiving packages from sponsors? I hate the feeling of making the sponsors think I am taking their products and running.
On the left side of the buckle, I've got a HSGI Taco magazine pouch in the "kangaroo" , configuration. I really, REALLY, REALLY like this piece of kit! I wish I was smart enough to develop a piece of gear this fucking cool, and while I haven't yet, I will probably be switching all the magazine pouches on both my war-belt and HH6's war-belt to the Tacos.
Sleeping like a champ. 12 hours at night and usually 3 naps, each around 2-3 hours. I feel like I hardly see the kid! He's kicking and smiling when I go to wake him and I'm clapping and just as excited cuz I've missed him.
1/4 cup corn syrup
Best Foods Mayo $3.50
With lyrics like, “A fire burns today/ Of blasphemy and genocide/The sirens of decay/Will infiltrate the faith fanatics” it’s no surprise Green Day has been successful for over 20 years. Still, my favorite part of the song is when the audience sings the part, “Don't test me (Pause)/ Second guess me (Pause) /Protest me” by themselves. Overall, a fantastic live version worth checking out.
8oz softened cream cheese
I wish you the best.
Today I want you to meed Bree. She’s studying to become a lawyer, thinks smart people are sexy and spends her spare time hanging out at the library.
Occupational goal: My thesis is almost done. I expect to defend it in early to mid-November. As far as publications go, I plan to have my first manuscript ready by the end of Christmas break. Wish me luck!
This morning, I woke up and there was a ton of snow outside. I have lived out West before and know how to deal with the snow, but there was so much this morning and no one was stirring. The roads hadn’t been scraped and everything looked like a winter wonderland. New England is usually really prepared for the snow, and I had heard something on the news about there being a storm. I just never expected to log onto wireless internet New Brunswick and visit my school’s website and see that classes had been cancelled. I haven’t seen a snow day since I was a kid. When I was a kid I used to hope and pray that school would be cancelled because of a snow storm. Now, as an adult and teacher, I usually assume that we are going to have classes. That means I still have to prepare lessons and grade papers as if we were going to have to go into work the next day. The snow day was actually really nice and relaxing. It was a good surprise. I will just have to be careful not to get my hopes up for another when the next storm rolls through New England.
so here it is.
My mom and I saw this really cute purse from pinterest that someone made out of a plain canvas bag. I of course pinned it and wanted to recreate it as soon as we had the time.
Doesn't even look like the same drawers right? Which is why IHeart this project so much! And knowing that my knives won't become dull so quickly, and that we won't accidentally loose a limb by digging, is a great piece of mind that I have been needing!
For example, a seminal post[1] by Marcel LeBrun, CEO of social media measurement service Radian6, recounts a Share Of Voice study of social media discussions about painkillers that found the following shares:
pf
Well here I am again with a shaped Valentine I created over the weekend. I was kind of just having fun, but since I does fit into the Joan's Gardens challenge #1 for this week, I will use it for a second entry there.
Supplies: Silhouette SD ♥; Title is a Kerri Bradford design; October Afternoon Fly a Kite paper collection; Paper Trey Ink Cardstock; Maya Road frosted acetate journaling tags; Ali Edward stamps; Tim Holtz Tiny Attacher; Martha Stewart border punch; CTMH Ink in Cranberry; PTI Black Ink.
Nicky Henderson has remained at the top of his profession after almost 34 years with a training licence and is currently laying down his strongest challenge for the trainers’ championship in a bid to end the six-season dominance of Paul Nicholls. Henderson was born in Lambeth, London, on December 10, 1950, and his late father Johnny founded Racecourse Holdings Trust, the Jockey Club subsidiary (and forerunner of Jockey Club Racecourses), which saved Cheltenham Racecourse and now has 14 courses under its umbrella. He was educated at Eton and the Royal Agricultural College and spent time working for city stockbrokers Cazenove in London and Australia, where he gained experience riding work at Randwick, before devoting himself full-time to racing. Henderson first made his name in Britain as an amateur rider, finishing runner-up three times in the non-professional championship. His main wins came on Happy Warrior in the 1977 Fox Hunters Chase at Aintree and on Acquaint in Sandown’s Imperial Cup in the same year. His 50th win as an amateur was Strange Love at Folkestone on October 3, 1977, and his final ride was aboard the victorious Rolls Rambler in the Horse & Hound Cup at Stratford in June, 1978, his 78th success. He had become assistant trainer to Fred Winter in 1974 and received his own training licence in July, 1978, taking over from Roger Charlton at Windsor House Stables in Lambourn. He soon established himself as one of the leading members of his profession and landed the jump trainers’ title in both 1985/6 and 1986/7. In 1992, Henderson moved his string to Seven Barrows stables, just to the north of Lambourn, in a straight swap with fellow trainer Peter Walwyn. That same year saw him added to the royal trainers’ list with the Queen Mother sending him three horses, including New Zealand Grand National winner Nearco Bay. The Queen is still among his owners. Henderson is the most successful trainer ever at the Cheltenham Festival with 46 successes, passing Fulke Walwyn’s
I remember my first days in Bible College. Wow was I on fire. I had just recently given my life to Jesus Christ. I had known the effects of sin. My life was spiraling out of control and then when all hope was lost Jesus was right their. So with a fire in my heart and a passion to save the World I entered Bible College. I soaked up as much as I could. I looked forward to the day that I could teach and preach at my first church. And finally that day came. I was hired. Or as I would like to think, I was called in to ministry. With a Bible in my hand and a desire to do damage for the kingdom I strolled into my first church. And since that day I have learned something about many churches. They are filled with dead people.
Amazing how much more interesting you can make a simple stamped image with a little white detail.It just sporks it up a notch, yes?
She did have a few other very good points, but those were the two that really gave me food for thought. While I don’t have a treadmill and never run for exercise, I do have a recumbent bike that I ride for aerobic exercise. By the end of her speech – assisted, no doubt, by the fact that we were then enjoying beautiful, pristine spring weather – I had begun to consider that maybe, perhaps, on an occasional perfectly clement day in the near future, I would exchange riding my bike in the bedroom for running outside on our bike track.
Lewis Schaffer – Loud and Free charmianpoems
13) What is Baconcat?
9. Joy To the World
The wine education thingy last night was fun. I ended up being 45 minutes late because of a piece of equipment at work malfunctioned and I had to start from the beginning of the run. Erg.
See he loves his binky :) I really tried hard to get some sleepy pictures of him like I did in the first month but he only stayed asleep for about 5 minutes and was in an awkward position, he woke up when I tried to move him :) I think I am at the end of sleepy pictures and the newborn phase.
Ground turkey meat. Once browned add first six ingredients. Stir in well. Lightly add flour little by little to thicken up meat mixture. Next lay lettuce and carrots, mixed, onto center of plate(s). Add meat, dividing among the plates evenly. Lastly sprinkle cheese and then chow mien noodles on top. Voila! Yum yum yum!
Remember about 8 months ago when I started blogging on a complete whim? No? Well that's cool. I had three week break between when spring semester ended and summer semester began, and I'd never gone that long without having a paper to write in years, so when a friend suggested blogging to keep my fingers busy, I decided to check it out.
If I were the bull, I too would try my damnedest to jam my horns as far up your ass as possible.
Happy New Year to you all and 'Lang may yer lum reek'.
Beans, red beans, green beans, peas, etc. are a good source of protein and has an extra benefit because enriched with fiber. Even so, avoid fried beans.
Pairing the pants with a neutral top, like black, white, gray or navy, will tone them down.
I was desperate for some real-world datasets which we could ground-truth our numerical model against, and so we went looking for a field analogue. We knew that for our modelling approach to work we needed detailed data on deposit geometry, as well as the physical properties of the materials deposited. We knew a good DEM existed of Ngauruhoe, which Gert Lube and Shane Cronin at Massey had collected a year or two before. Most importantly, Ngauruhoe had been picked because it had a number of exceptionally preserved pyroclastic deposits from some small-volume eruptions in the mid 70′s.
We're having poker night tonight. That requires food and beer for some very large men. I tend to get myself in a tizzy over company, but today I wanted to slap the shit out of a stock boy at Wal-Mart today. Dear Lord, help me. He had boxes in front of the entire meat aisle, and apparently it was everyone in a motorized scooter and wheelchair day. And it was not saying excuse me but just follow silently behind me day. And inventory day. I gave up. I grabbed the playing cards out of my buggy and left the rest of it in front of the eggs. I was done.
I heard knocking on the door and the dream basically became an episode of the TV show Merlin, and when I answered the door it was Gaius and maybe Merlin was with him and/or I was now Merlin.
A common link between FBC Media, the PM’s previous PR firm, APCOA and now Alastair Campbell is believed to be Paul Stadlen, who is a British PR man, close to Najib and based in KL.
You are a high maintenance person. You feel lost outside of your normal environment. Used to me, I’m not any more.
1,000 (32% of U.S. death row population: 3,195)
Aww…
im fine ..wheres your fine..
At the freebie entry level, you are allowed to create one character of your own from scratch, use a limited selection of backgrounds, and a handful of existing characters. And the time limit for your animation is 2 minutes. If you are prepared to fork out money, you can create more characters, select from a wider array of backgrounds and develop much longer movies.
When preparing to sell your home, keep in mind that potential buyers will not consider buying a house with leaky pipes and rusty faucets. Ensure the home’s plumbing is in good condition so that possible buyers aren’t lost.
(And that's not the big news. Check out the new website soon, where I'll announce the ACTUAL big news. Aren't you excited? I am.)
“SJ,” I said, “we need to go home. I need you to run, baby, please. Try.” Fear snaked along the leads.
The list of options is pretty short.
I remember the first time I had held a pen. It was way back in school. I also remember feeling so thrilled just to hold my pencil to write alphabets and words on paper. In later years, the stained fingers were only a temporary price I paid for holding that regal object of communication. Today, my fingers are all neat and tidy as I sit down at the computer to compose letters and articles. It’s not that I cannot use a pen to write. But when I do make an attempt (and that has been many several times) I find my thoughts racing ahead of my pen. The synchronism that had existed earlier between my thoughts and my writing (with the pen) seems to have got lost somewhere.
- I love staying at home with my kids. I just wish that it paid better. I am almost feeling like if I don't start to work soon that we won't make it if any emergency came up. I hate living paycheque to paycheque. We are in our mid-30's and have no savings. Not a great feeling. :(
Then there is my walk in closet. That gives me nightmares just thinking about that and I'm wide awake.
Her latest book is Secrets on Lake Drive.
We walk away hand in hand, with our hearts back where they belong…
Let's just say that I've been looking forward to this class for a long time. I'm hoping Joe is still wearing his smiley-faced tie.
Me: I thought the point was that WE would be HERE vs. us being there.
In between the 37th and 38th race (I am exaggerating) I lay my steering wheel in my lap and reach down for my coffee that was sitting at my feet. He peeps over at me as I put my cup to my lips and start to sip....
Thanks once more go to Stony River for prompting a typical Jinksy reply to this week's Microfiction Monday challenge of writing a little something in less than 150 characters. Feel free to count them if you must, but I assure you they're well within the guidelines!
I personally think this one is more easy to use compare with the traditional curling irons. Here is the official tutorial video of how to use this tool.
This gives you some idea of what the bigger "stands" at the fair look like. Penguin, Random House, Macmillan, HarperCollins, Scholastic, Walker, Hachette all have big display areas with huge posters and a sort of counter with a receptionist or two. But most publishers have a much more modest set-up with a few tables and chairs where Rights people are meeting foreign publishers every half hour in a schedule with back-to-back appointments.
2012's novel will be "The Apocalypse Codex", Laundry Files #4.
— Germany-Marie
The ratchets restricting our freedom click tighter. People are afraid to speak, for fear of winding up on a list, and what that might mean in the years ahead under a Gangster Government. Your spouse desperately needs an organ transplant? Gee, sorry, not available, not to you, not now. Not to a political enemy, they will mean but not say. Therefore, you had better shut up and get with the program, if you know what is best for you. That compliant and fearful attitude is the intended outcome of Gangster Government, Inc. It needs a silent and submissive nation of frightened sheep to thrive unchecked.
Al Raas stands accused, along with 12 other men, of kidnapping a police officer and promoting crimes against the rulers. He recalls that during his interrogation period he was forced to sign a piece of paper. This has turned out to be a confession to the crimes he is being accused of – accusations that Al Raas denies.
Sitting here watching some Backyardigans. Was supposed to be at Yardhouse and then a house party, but the baby is sick. No big deal. At least after this I can watch the Iggles-Cowgirls game.
These images all differ from one another, because of the choice and/or position of the symbols representing the Five Wounds of Christ. Notice the different positioning of the feet, the presence, or absence of the cross, symbols relating to trade, and general shape of the image.
So yesterday, I flew from Oslo to Brussels to Chicago and thence to Springfield. By the time I got to Chicago I have been awake for 22 hours straight, and had a very bad night of no sleep before I even left Norway, so of course I was running on coffee, a crappy meal at Chili's and some really bad gas.
Truth: There’s more to consider than a salary when it comes to determining how much insurance each spouse needs. Everything from housekeeping to extra-curricular activities would cost a family extra money if a non-employed parent was longer around to contribute.
and last but not least
After taking what she wanted she ran away and hid, thinking she could come back as a changed person! Fob herself off on the world again, as a sweet and good natured book reader. She knew no one could possibly like her for who she is, so she had to pretend to be someone else.
A-Being on that expedition, I got to speak to Ralph White who was with Robert Ballard when he discovered the Titanic with the Alvin submersible. Ralph showed us pictures he took as one of the first human eyes to see the ship since it had sunk. Remember, the movie is a Hollywood version, and there were many things that Ralph revealed that was cool inside knowledge. Unfortunately since my trip there in July of 2005 Ralph has passed, so I was honored I got a chance to speak to him first hand.
My lower level patio fills up quickly when it rains.
It almost sounds unfair to say that Elske is strictly a grindhouse star, because that almost sounds like too restrictive a genre to pigeonhole someone in. However, when you're good at doing something, it isn't really pigeonhole-ing as much as it is genre-defining. I think it's safe to say that she makes you appreciate what you're seeing onscreen when she is there.
-A. x
I have been married to my wonderful husband for almost ten years. Four years ago we started our amazing debt free journey! We had always been blessed with a good income, and though we really were not living beyond our means, we managed to spend every penny we brought in, even as our income went up over the years. After our first child was born I had become somewhat uncomfortable with how were dealing (or lack thereof) with our finances and living paycheck to paycheck. I had mentioned it to my husband but in his eyes we were doing what was "normal". This was how most Americans lived. We finally got the rude awakening I had been dreading in 2007 when a very large and unexpected tax bill came due. We had absolutely no money in savings and had one month to pay it. We ended up borrowing the money from my in-laws, which was embarrassing and we felt disappointed in ourselves. After all, we were supposed to be responsible adults. This is what really opened both our eyes and we decided we did not want to spend the rest of our lives like this. I had heard of Dave Ramsey but had never really read or listened to him. We both started listening to the radio show and signed up for the online FPU course, because there wasn't a class anywhere near us. We started Dave's plan in April 2007. We got gazelle and sold my husband's gas guzzling truck that had a payment and got a beater 1997 Honda Civic for cash. We also sold my husband's 4 wheeler and put our money pit of a rental property up for sale. But the biggest change we made was we got on a budget and told our money what to do! Before we had no idea where any of our money was going! Now we didn't spend a dime unless it was in the budget. Between selling those items and A LOT of hard work and budgeting we were debt free by May 2008!! You can't even imagine the feeling of being free of that debt! We felt like 1000 pound had been lifted from our shoulders. Over the last two years we have been in the process of saving for our fully funded emergency fund. We had to replace our beater Civic that started to smoke and then died! My husband had 2 surgeries, my daughter had 2 surgeries, we had our house flood, replaced our air conditioner, and we had our third child and I took 3 months maternity leave. We have always had money in savings during that time, we had just not reached the point of being fully funded. But through all the ups and down the last two years, we have felt minimal stress over our finances. We were financially prepared for the birth of our third child and my maternity leave, the other two we just "winged it" (which is a bad idea by the way)! And all the other things while they were inconvenient and annoying, were not catastrophes. I can not tell you how many times me and my husband have discussed how 4 years ago any one of those things would have put us in major financial strains and been horribly stressful. Now they just another bump in the road and we are thankful we have the money to deal with life's little surprises. I can honestly say this is the best thing we could have ever done for our future and our marriage. Me and my husband are on the same page with our finances and so we work as a team rather than allowing it to cause friction in our marriage. We also have a plan for our future, which is very exciting! I am also VERY excited to say we will finish funding our emergency fund this month and moving on to Babysteps 4, 5, and 6!
In September of this year, in response to a proposed bill to change the law and ban squatting, several hundred ‘activists’ from across the country held a demonstration in Utrecht to protest. With Antifa as with anyone else, threaten to withdraw the subsidization of their lifestyles with the wealth of others, and they squeal. The reliance of these people on living off other people without providing something of value in return is evident, and provides a great insight into how feeble their ability to fund themselves presumably is. I will discuss this important issue in more detail below.
Fredericksburg is renowned for its peaches, so guess what we have in the backyard?
1. Post these rules.
Salvatore Baccaro as Neanderthal Man
Water : as needed
When I got up this morning, I found that it had gelled into the most wonderful, thick milky liquid! It is really lovely stuff...it didn't leave my hands dry as I think the coconut oil is probably adding a moisturizing element...
One of my goals this year is to be better organized about documenting the garden. As a beginning gardener, just keeping track of what comes up when, what tasks I do when, and what plants I stick where is tough for me. I tried using a pretty, hardbound garden journal last year, but found it a bit bulky and generic. So this year I decided to just design my own pages and store them in a 3-ring binder. The first section of the binder is a monthly journal, where I can jot down a short entry each week about the weather, what's going on in the garden, and what I do.
Even though I couldn't use the potatoes specified, I immensely enjoyed this side dish. It's so simple but with the potatoes roasted to a golden brown on the outside with a soft center they are a wonderful side dish. The seasoning is spot on and delicious.
Film series: Films that highlight aspects of the war and genocide that occurred in Bosnia and Herzegovina between 1992 and 1995 and their aftermath will be shown at the Mass Media and Technology Hall Auditorium each evening May 20 to May 24. These films are: In the Land of Blood and Honey (2011) at 6 p.m. May 20; Grabavic: The Land of my Dreams (2006) at 6:30 p.m. May 21; The Remake (2003) at 6:30 p.m. May 22; The Hunting Party (2007) at 6:30 p.m. May 23; Shot Through the Heart (1998) at 6:30 p.m. May 24.
The forlorn and increasingly desperate climate campaign achieved a new level of ineptitude last week when what had looked like a minor embarrassment for one of its critics​—​the Chicago-based Heartland Institute​—​turned out to be a full-fledged catastrophe for itself. A moment’s reflection on the root of this episode points to why the climate campaign is out of (greenhouse) gas.
(frosting/icing)
My failure to follow through with a college degree or apply myself in any credible way lead me down this path of misery. I don’t remember raping a baby, because that’s the only act that would justify the karmic backhand I tolerate every day I work at a toy store.
8:00 pm- Late dinner is cooked and served with a weary smile while J, Sassafras, and Junior bathe (not together of course). Homework is then reviewed by me or the hubs.
Me: ummm, is there a door #3?
No. These Communists came armed with T34 tanks, MIG 23’s, AK47’s and RPG7’s. They placed landmines on farm roads in Namibia and also in Angola, not caring who they blew up. Today Angola has the highest number of amputees in the world, all black, because of these communist landmines.
You'll notice that I positioned the fleece to cover only a small portion of side two, however...
But that's cool with me, cause no matter what the author's intent was, no matter what I ended up taking away or completely overlooking, I thoroughly loved this book. It stirred my brain, it made me think, and it captivated me. It's a war story without being a war story. It's a survival story without being a survival story. It's what you make of it while you're reading it. One of the things I really enjoyed about it, which usually annoys me to no end, is the fact that some things were just never explained. Like, why did the birds suddenly migrate to the city? And what chain of events placed the Judge in the seat of power over the city? And just who are our narrators?
of this reality. I’m the light of the world and the salt of the earth. I walk
Each book tells the story of a fascinating Canadian or an event that has happened somewhere in Canada, from the earliest days up to the present. Taken as a whole, the series presents a portrait of the entire country, raising issues – such as regional differences, historical precedent, and cultural uniqueness – that contribute to the wider definition of Canadian identity.
Welcome to another Wacky Wednesday!!! This week it's a color challenge! The Colors are Pink, Brown, Teal & Cream! Momo & Gloria were asked to create anything with these colors. If you click on their names it will take you to their blogs and you can see the recipes and or instructions. Stop by their blogs and show them some love! I can't wait to see what you create for this challenge. Check these out!
your blog name and url
The kids TOTALLY thought I was going to be picked up by the farmers for stealing their cotton, and I was so consumed by my dreams of decor,I couldn't hear the shear terror in their voices.
For Steel Magnolia Press, each price point we launch a book at is determined using the usual factors: genre, length, how well-known the author is, etc. We come up with two prices: an introductory, short-term price and the price we think that can sustain the book. We're open to those price points changing, though, and will re-evaluate price based on historical data -- we just need more historical data for it to be convincing. So far, we're only talking a difference of $1 between the intro price and the sustained price. As the gap between the two increases, the landscape may well change. We're happy to hear from anyone who's experimented with different price points and has data to share!
First, conservatism is alive and well in America; don’t let anyone tell you differently. And by conservatism, I don’t mean the warmed-over “raise your hand if you believe …” kind of conservatism we see blooming every election cycle. No, I’m speaking of the conservatism grounded in principles based upon enduring truths: an understanding of the importance of human nature in the affairs of individuals and nations. Respect for the lessons of history, the importance of faith and tradition. The understanding that while man is prone to err, he is capable of great things when not subjugated by a too-powerful government. These are the principles that inspired our Founding Fathers, and resulted in a Constitution that delineated the powers of the central government, established checks and balances among the branches of government and further diffused governmental power by a system of Federalism.
Mon; 10:30am: Did someone drug me? Or is this what could be called an emotional hangover?
Pattern Sizing:
8: The proof of the pudding…
Casting the first (and last) stone provides a wonderful commentary on the last few weeks in Israel - but more, a video I had never seen - truth in journalism rarely comes better than this. This is an important clip to see - and share! Thanks to Treppenwitz for this one.
In addition to running, I’ve picked up weight training, yoga and the occasional cross-training activity (stationary cycling, boxing). As such, and as with my training for my first half-marathon, I’ve leaned down quite a bit. I feel strong and healthy, but it’s important to me that I maintain a healthy weight throughout the remainder of the half-marathon training.
As he came to the end of the talk, Tony opened up an A4, hard-bound, ruled notebook. From margin to margin, every single page was covered with cramped handwriting. Taking a cue from screenwriting, Tony has adapted film-making’s Step Outline (a detailed telling of a story, outlining every scene and beat of a story with indications for dialogue and character interactions) to his planning process, scribbling up to 20 pages in his notebook before he is ready to write a single line of story.
I’d call myself a liar if what transpired didn’t lead me to retire
I started at the newsagent round the corner, who Mr PBBB said was 'lovely and very helpful'. That particular gentleman must have had the day off: I was cramped in the back of the shop with a very old and wonky b&w photocopier with no place to put my bag, no surface on which to rest either the 'to copy' pile or the 'have copied' pile, a surly and unhelpful replacement newsagent and some of the most irritating fellow customers in the world. First there was the loud shouty girl who JUST WANTED TO PHOTOCOPY HER CV INNIT so I let her interrupt my gargantuan task to do so, then the elderly West Indian gentleman who 'just wanted to copy a form'. I swear it would have been faster to train up some apprentices to recreate it in copperplate script. First he didn't know which way to place the paper on the scanner, then he didn't know which button to press, then he forgot which side of the form he'd already copied, during which time he'd re-forgotten the first two lessons in how to photocopy, then just as I thought he might nearly be finished, he answered his phone and engaged in a lengthy conversation about his bowels. I'm honestly not kidding.
14 January 2010 – PRETORIA. The “amateurish’ attack by Cabindan separatists on Togo’s soccer team at the current Africa Cup of Nations tournament in Angola created some controversy about safety surrounding the soccer World Cup to be staged in South Africa later this year. A number of analysts and newspaper editorials have dismissed concerns at terror attacks in South Africa.
1 x PP052 / F / air = 23.00
Books!! I love craft books, just flicking through them is so relaxing. I can't wait to try making a bag, my finishing has always left a lot to be desired so I'm hoping now that I have access to the proper techniques I can make a bag that looks lovely! I also received some stitch markers from my mum, but I forgot to take a photo. I'm sure you'll see them on a WiP at some point :) I also received lots of other bits and bobs too like chocolate, a very pretty dress, a lovely cardigan, some strawberry and cream tea, a couple of fiction books ( the Thursday Next series if you're interested. I highly recommend it!) and many more lovely little things :)
Things are brought back under control out front and the guests seem happy. An acquaintance pulls Mildred aside while she’s greeting guests and tells her it’s a terrible shame about the dead little kid. Bad timing, lady. Mildred manages to thank her, then hustles back to the kitchen to keep working and stay distracted. As she’s frying away, Veda comes back and excitedly tells her that none other than Monty Beragon has come in to Mildred’s humble establishment. Mildred takes a second to decide whether she should confess to knowing him, then asks Veda who he is. Veda gushes all over about how he plays polo and lives in Pasadena and he’s just soooo dreamy. Bert and Wally come back too to say how awesome it is that Monty’s come in and discuss how he found out about the place. It goes on and on and finally Monty appears and everyone shuts up. Mildred goes to greet him and he asks her why she didn’t say anything about Rae. Uh, who calls up their one-night stand and tells them that their kid just died? He mentions that Veda told him, which is incredibly bizarre. What’s she doing, running around telling everyone in the place about her dead sister? This kid needs to work on her social skills even worse than I thought. Monty presents Mildred with some flowers, and she thanks him before introducing him to Bert and Wally. Then Ida comes in and orders everyone to clear out of the kitchen, quite rightly.
R-edeem your spirit
"Hey, what if a modern-day battleship traveled back to the eve of the attack on Pearl Harbor to fight in World War II?"
And finally, a fourth editorial the following month. Lee and Goodman once again mention literary titles of note (Robin Hood, The Iliad, Tom Sawyer) in their attempt to explain to the young readers that their "right" to choose their own reading matter is being infringed upon.
But we cannot achieve this through our own strength. Some may have struggled a lot, insisting on the so-called-calling and fighting for it. Some are dreaming and struggling to climb the ladder of the so-called-strength but are just exhausted along the process. For us to achieve this calling:
I found a contest for my taste buds: Carlos Hernandez’s Peruvian chicken at Inigo on Queen Street, and Fransisco Alejandri’s market stall on Augusta Avenue in Kensington market.
With all of the excitement over the new naked palette (Naked 2, very aptly named) I thought maybe I should get a bit more use out of my original. I do love this palette, but I got away from using it for a while. Over the past month I used Sin, Buck, Darkhorse and Virgin (the best highlight shade since...ever?) pretty exclusively. Sin is just about my favourite shadow of all time for use on the inner lid area; it makes my eyes look so bright and big. I'm still on the fence about Naked 2, but chances are it will make it's way to me in the long run.
Last week was bowls this week seems we are both making some form of pitcher (jug).
What is remarkable about the collection as well is that it spans the period from the golden age of the pulps, to when the pulps collapsed after World War II, to the years when nobody was interested, and the resurgence of interest in them in the 1980s and 90s. It is indeed a collection that is probably one of a kind.
I really love this product! My Go to concealer used to be the Bobbi Brown Creamy Concealer, which was a fantastic product that gave great coverage. Again it concealed and brightened the eye bags. When I used it all up I went to Sephora to buy during a friends and family sale. I tried the Makeup Forever concealer and I liked it a lot. But I was in love with the Bobbi Brown. What’s a girl to do? How does one choose?! What sold me was the fact that Makeup Forever is waterproof. Sorry Bobbi Brown! With summer coming and all, waterproof is ideal. (IF ANYONE WOULD LIKE TO READ A REVIEW ON THE BOBBI BROWN CONCEALER LEAVE A COMMENT AND I WILL DO SO!) This lasts all day on me until I take it off. Even if my foundation fades I still have no eye bags! I’ve been wearing this in the most recent pictures here and here.
c) Some of these other men actually want me.
En-chant-ment strange as the blue up above.
Hi everyone! My name is Katie and I’m another Intern here at DANE Deals working during my second week. So far, I’ve attended one event, the Wellness Expo, which was a great opportunity to talk to people first hand about DANE deals and give away some prizes.
2 sweep
music notes swimming into my head
Tennessee – 26.9 percent, 27.4 percent
Here's Harman herself on the situation:
The subhead says: “Presenting ERTIGA. The Life Utility Vehicle.”
Christ is the one whom we love.
1- Print pattern and trace "i scream" onto the paper side (dull side) of your freezer paper. I have heard that if you cut your freezer paper to be 8 1/2" x 11" then you can print directly onto it but my printer is finicky and won't take it, but maybe yours will!
Absolutely," the man replied. "It's looking more and more like it is going to be one of the coldest winters ever."
indefinitely
At the end Kenny said
Hello everyone! :-) Sorry for not blogging. Apparently my OJT is taking up most of my time and I have nothing interesting to blog about but yesterday some stuff came in the mail so I think I now have some goodies to blog about so please just sit tight and wait a bit. :-)
1) You are to thank the giver, who gave it to you.
There is something for every skill level, depending on the method of appliqué chosen. There are larger flowers that would be easy enough for a beginner and also more intricate and delicate flower appliqués that would require a more experienced quilter.
I am an inherently inconsistent person. I go crazy when placed in a strict routine. So homeschooling suits my flawed psyche!
All in all, it was a very sad night and a hard one for the entire staff. By the time all was said and done, three codes had been run simultaneously, with the only survivor being the 88 year old with dementia and a laundry list of health problems, while the two younger, generally healthy patients both getting the wrong kind of discharge. What I will always take away from that night, however, was the vision of the brother of the patient I described and the 16 year old daughter of the other patient, both of whom were standing outside the door in shock, trying to find a way to cope with what they were seeing. I did what I could to try to comfort the daughter and explain what was happening, but I was young and new at this and didn't know what to do.
1. Pink and yellow, not a famous color combination around here, but I was "inspired" (a word i find revolting this morning, jesus help me) by an unusually pretty bunch of poppies that one Miss. L. Lubell dangled in front of me yesterday in the studio. Here they are.
Yes. There are several light meter apps on the iPhone and I downloaded a free one and was away. Jobs made light work of it.
We did miss the big show, but instead we enjoyed the small, intimate show – a performance by jazz trumpet, singing and storytelling legend Hugh Masekela at the Mahagony Room, a fantastic 50 seat club that opened recently.
Meanwhile, in a small saucepan, bring rice and water to a boil. Reduce heat; cover and simmer for 20-25 minutes or until liquid is absorbed and rice is tender. Stir in the pecans, apricots, raisins, salt and curry powder. Set four pumpkin wedges aside for another use. Sprinkle cumin onto remaining wedges; top with rice mixture.
A chicken tractor is nothing more than a frame covered with some kind of mesh that can be easily moved around the yard. Our first tractor was made from wood and a 2-inch by 3-inch wire mesh. It was too large and heavy to truly be mobile, and the large mesh allowed the chickens to nibble at plant life nearby. Our current tractor is made of PVC pipes and bird netting, the kind used to keep birds out of backyard ponds. It’s lightweight and a good size, but PVC doesn’t stay together well during moving or hold up to the Florida sun very well. The pipes will probably shatter in the next year. The next tractor will either be made of all wire with an arch at the top or wood and bird netting.
However reading this is the guardian prompted me to question some of the offers currently doing the rounds, cheap beer wise. When this rubbish started off 3 boxes of 18 for £20 were pretty common. I lamented when the offers reduced to boxes of 15. Of late the offers have been on boxes of 12. Currently Tesco are flogging boxes of 12 for 2 for £16. It strikes me as quite poor. Working out the price of a pint of Carling your getting 18 pints (for that is 24 440ml cans) for £16 or 89p a pint. For the 5% beers like Carlsberg Export you’re looking at £1.33 a pint (24 half pint bottles for £16). The grog is getting pricier or the offers are not really about at the moment. Maybe it will improve by Xmas but by comparison I worked out the price per pint of a premium "authentic" beer.
I love drafting a new story. It fills me with energy. I can’t sleep for thinking about it. I spend every minute (waking or otherwise) thinking about this new book-in-the-making.
When I found out last spring (before I landed the job) that I would be going to Greece for a week... I was THRILLED... Greece.. is one of my all time favorite places on earth... OK Santorini to be more exact... is one of my favorite places on earth...
however finding time without 'little helpers' and motivation to undertake
You didn’t create me with a dark personality. You made me to become like You. I need You to help me push the darkness away by letting little rays of light. I’m going to think about words like “rejoice, thankful and praise” until my darkness gives in to light.
So we decided to bid farewell to the Estate of Unrest and look for greener, or less crowded, pastures.
Second, because check out this lineup!!:
Very often, drunken conversations simply degenerate into “I love you, I do, you’re like my best friend and totally awesome and we should totally do this more often like, y’know?” And that’s fine, and to be expected.
White Snapper Fish, 2 medium size
Following the cabinet line up in Lebanon and the building efforts to vote the confidence in the parliament, observers are questioning the cabinet next steps.
Yard waste for example.
SW: 178
It is a tale that also encompasses mystery, tragedy, brawling, humour and pathos, and altogether it will have you turning pages to discover what is about to happen next.
My tricycle is used to do our shopping. (The Senior Cat is hopeless at grocery shopping.) It is used for visits to the Post Office and the bank and the library. I also use it to maintain a watchful eye on several elderly people who live alone.
Two bedraggled men in the corner stand out—not because of their threadbare clothes or clean-cut features but because of their actions. Pabitra Kata hums a hymn while Niladri Kanhar prays.
Then came an important story in the Daily Telegraph which suggested that David Cameron's pasty story may in fact be untrue. What other secrets are we about to discover? Well the same article reveals: Nick Clegg has also eaten a pasty “in the last few months at Paddington station”, according to his spokesman. Sources close to Baroness Warsi said she “loves pasties” and often eats them when on trips round the country.This is enough to make me strike pasties from my shopping lists, although I do really like them and Other Half particularly enjoys the veggie ones we buy in Glastonbury. But as we are not politicians I don't suppose you want to know that.
suffers
I had trouble capturing its true pink color in the sun. It kind of looks washed out. I think the shade picture is a better representation, but it's not a hundred percent exact either. In some lighting, it looks more vibrant.
We have high confidence in God. When you take steps that look a little crazy, he has a way of doing things that blow your mind. We are just trying to position ourselves, to be ready.
In New South Wales at Christmas Time
Dear Friends & Followers,
Situated in Madurai, one of the oldest city of Tamil Nadu (India), the Meenakshi temple is the city’s main attraction. A perfect example o
One of Louis' main tasks - and joys - of occupying his post at Sesame is working closely with Kevin Clash, Sesame's Co-Producer and Elmo Muppeteer to do story boards. In doing so, Louis is an integral part of Kevin's creative process and influences the directing of the shots. Louis notes that it's fun when Kevin reads through a script in Elmo's voice, but without the Muppet itself on his hand.
On to my creation! I have to say, I adore Marcella's style of drawing and when I first laid eyes on her version of a Lily of the Valley, I just swooned. Lily of the Valley grew all behind my house when I was growing up and if I close my eyes, I can not only see these beautiful flowers again but I can smell their sweet fragrance!
It's one of the best examples of Ray Davies the storyteller, and I love how he brings it full-circle to briefly reflect on his relationship with Dave. Classic Kinks.
In between shows, I enjoy taking the freedom and time to explore ideas in paintings and turn to the outside for inspiration. Most recently, waves have been my muse. I have been very captivated by the energy of the ocean, free and wild. How can I capture and convey the hypnotic rhythms of the sea through painting?
All this coupled with the fact that the Scottish government has plans to introduce an extra business rate levy on supermarkets that sell alcohol, in April 2012, can only spell one thing at the end of the day....
9. Find and maintain stability in life. From money to relationships, children and housing to mental health and mood. I want to make it a goal to find stability and keep it for as long as I can.
Drove to three stores at 10:00pm to get ice cream, because it taught me patience and demonstrated that their needs were valued.
The CAF appears to have begun this by drawing a line in the sand with USAF heritage at stake in the F-82 — one side would win and one side would lose — now by further dragging it out there may be unintended consequences, fairly or not, for the CAF — but this is major league play and that should have been a risk consciously accepted.
Priced at just $1.99, I knew it was meant to be! As an added bonus, the wallpaper was very similar to the stripes I painted last year in my hallway.
Why do you care if someone converts to Islam?? It won't affect in you in any way!? Are you like terribly bored and you just want to dis on something? There are plenty of other things to argue about...
My mom makes jewelry. She is what I was call a jewelry freak. She has a jewelry safe bigger than most jewelers. If she cannot find what she wants, she makes it. Well after her recent job loss, she turned to her craft to pass the time between checking e-mails and making phone calls. After 3 days we had tons of jewelry. Why not sell it? She always has gifted these pieces off to family, but now that she has so much invested into her jewelry, it doesn't make sense to give it away. So she has turned to sell it. If you care to check it out, she has 6 item for sale in her Etsy store. She sold one within a week of opening, so let's hope this is the beginning of a new path for my mom.
BullSuShit.
(And escape the human drama of morality on this one… Don’t add “Is this good or bad?” but, rather, if you feel like you must judge yourself for something, then only ask ”Is this effective and efficient?” If we want to talk about good and bad, then we’ll have to do that some other day…)
This a great time for member-owners to connect with one another and for future member-owners to join the Co-op. As an added incentive, we’ve been running a membership drive based on referrals from current member-owners. If you refer three (3) new people to join the Co-op, you’ll receive a free Black Star Co-op t-shirt or hat! Many of you are almost there, so bring a non-member friend and sign them up! Oh, and make sure they list your name on the referral line of the membership application.
"They are a law unto themselves who treat citizens, their lives and property with absolute disregard. Clearly the ANC are not interested in providing a safe travel environment for South Africans."
- 1 cup raw cashews
You'll be thinking how nice a threesome with Susan George would be.
Blossoms. I stamped the leaves first, attached the punched flowers and use DSP strips for my vase.
Hamid scrambles backwards along the corridor.
Mouretsu Pirates (Episode 17) – Mouretsu Pirates drew its initial acclaim through its meticulous details about modern space travel and its comprehensive setting rather than any other aspect. Though the pacing was indeed slow, it was also meaningful since it required time to explain its systems, laws, and provide explanations to why the characters were doing what they were doing. Long forgotten are those serene episodes as Mouretsu Pirates have set sails for space adventures with its amusing cast of characters and substandard plot developments. Yes, it’s no surprise to see the series has dropped off in quality considering those first episodes were impressive and centered around the dynamic Marika. We’re subjected to another arc where our captain is overshadowed by minor characters and with a story that lacks the detail that made Mouretsu a favorite for some among other issues. The anime is in some rough waters but it can correct its course and finish its voyage without losing too much. What needs to happen now is an arc centered on Marika that can serve as a cap for the series that can also satisfy the audience that wants space adventures and appease the audience that wants pertinent details.
I have no idea what will happen tomorrow. I’m scheduled for 4 hrs. I’m not doing a minute past noon. I’m done, out, smell ya later. I will buy what I need to buy at the beginning of my shift and stuff it in my car ready. I am not sticking around.
It was therefore a great surprise when I was tipped off that the FIA had sent out a Technical Directive (TD) on the matter during the Korean GP weekend. It transpired that a top teams Chief Designer had approached the FIA to propose they wanted to use just such a solution for their 2012 car. In the teams communication to the FIA Technical Delegate Charlie Whiting, the See-Saw concept was drawn and described as a method to ensure the splitter isn’t damaged by contact the ground, thus making the car more reliable and damage prone. The request further explained the reaction force provided by the FIA test rig, allowed the more complaint splitter to still meet the FIA deflection test. This being possible even without a kinematic fixing joint (i.e.not having a moving bearing or pivot as the splitters fulcrum point).
Now, almost 12 years later, I find myself writing for a parenting publication (imagine that?) I pitched a story – wouldn’t it be neat to see the growth progression of these kids? – and the editor decided to go with it. Marc and I then tried to recreate (sort of) the photo for an article in an upcoming issue.
Dan hopped in after me. The moose made a few more angry hoof-scuffing motions and then trotted off back to the golf course. I finally regained enough wits to realize the driver of the van was the same guy who’d been at the front desk of the time-share’s enclosed swimming pool/rec center. I was so glad to see a familiar face that I almost threw my arms around him.
Dry Dock Brewing Co. Dry Dock IPA
This post will, unfortunately, give you a glimpse of what it's like inside my head. I worked from home several days this week because my sweet boy had strep throat. I love working from home...it's a real luxury, but I get cabin fever after just one day.
* I doubled up the banner from the 7Dots Stickers in the add on, with a banner paper punch from my stash.
I’ve got a frown on my face and I’m clearly grumpy about something - TELLING ME TO SMILE IS NOT GOING TO MAKE ME LIKE YOU!
We know exactly what you are doing: You are trying to outdo every other president’s first 100 days in pushing through your agenda without a lick of that sunlight you promised.
But before we get to that, who is Chen Man….only China’s foremost fashion photographer. Her work is just amazing – check it
This week I've spent some time working on a project I can't show for a few weeks, but I've really enjoyed working with COLOR this week.
Maybe a half finger head
Cover and place in oven for 1 hour or until the potatoes are tender
My dad is being treated for a severe kidney, bladder and intestinal infection, so he's on antibiotics and I guess they're doing their thing, but he has taken such a hard plunge in the past few weeks, it's like you can see the holes in his memory getting bigger and bigger before your very eyes. Though you still catch glimpses of him from time to time, it's draining, both mentally and physically draining. So yeah, I'm exhausted again...
I laid 6 cooked lasagna noodles on a foil-covered cookie sheet.
New York’s La Guardia airport was named the nation’s worst by Travel & Leisure magazine.
Though it I badly did crave
oh dance with me oh don't be shy
Ima go cause I got no problem with saying goodbye
I’m hardly the first to notice that ours is a particularly hysterical culture when it comes to blaming mothers, mothers blaming themselves. I’d go so far as to say that ambivalence is a healthy response to the schizophrenic messages about what motherhood is supposed to be. With that in mind, however, let me say: We Need to Talk About Kevin is not for the faint of heart.
Dear Life, you're about to get hella crazy busy. Be gentle.
Today’s blog is a genealogy entry. Ron T. and Homer will like it; I hope others like it too.
stumbled across tree tops
From the Other side I have Shadowed many different people down the long years. Most of my Subjects were defined as good, although a few were labelled evil; some were ordinary and others again reckoned great in the eyes of their fellows. Some died young and beautiful, and at other times I watched an ageing, wrinkled face and longed once more for the freedom of the Pool. I have been – fortunately – truly skeletal only once, and in the process of reflecting decay, I hid myself in the outermost planes before the clean bones came, and finally the blessed release handed down by the Law. I spent many ages after this particular episode in the Pool; it is understood by all that the cleansing, healing process is especially necessary after such a Shadowing.
New years resolutions last year was to learn to drive and have i done it NO (Hangs head in shame)
Over a third of the book is devoted to an architectural tour of the town and university buildings, in which factual information is enlivened by anecdotes and accounts of relevant historical events.
Bbq sauce, 1 tablespoon
Some have told me that Rush is a "guy" band. Yawn. I'm listening to it thru my THX certified speakers, with a subwoofer thumping, and the place is thumping hard. It's the perfect way to end a very pleasant weekend.
p22 “Man only repeats the act of the Creation; his religious calendar commemorates, in the space of a year, all the cosmogonic phases which took place ab origine. In fact, the sacred year ceaselessly repeats the Creation; man is contemporary with the cosmogony and with the anthropogony because ritual projects him into the mythical epoch of the beginning.”
The things of God and the things of men.
My boss was in from Montreal for the week. In the Summer in Montreal they have a huge music festival called Osheaga. Some friends and I went last year as Eminem was headlining. He’s one of my favourite artists of all time. I am a fan of hip hop and rap, but it’s the honesty of his lyrics that draw me to him. As I was now working for a Montreal based company there was a chance I could get some free tickets!
I’ve petted in the parlor,
The Magicians by Lev Grossman – Many people have said that this book is Harry Potter for adults, but it is much more than that. The Magicians populates a world that any adult fan of fantasy novels would love to wake up one day and discover that they have actually been living in. Darker elements of Wonderland, Narnia, and Hogwarts can be seen in the magic land of Fillory. Grossman recently published a sequel that continues the story of Quentin Coldwater and Fillory, The Magician King. Recommended by Rachel B.
And I was there, at the beginning.
The rest of the lesson we worked on some free walk to medium walk on the bit for a bit (which is really coming along!), then onto some walk-trot transitions on the bit using my seat. They were OK, but we got some really fantastic trot-walk transitions round and on the bit from them, so we called it a night after that.
It's getting late. I'm fighting to stay up for just a little while longer, here at my kitchen table, where a very small celebration is taking place: Enya's Watermark is on the stereo, a glass of red wine sits on the notebook to my right, a thin volume of Mary Oliver's poetry is on my left. Buddy, a bit of a party-pooper, sleeps at my feet. We're coming to the end of daylight savings time and that's reason enough to celebrate this first Saturday night in November. When I wake up tomorrow morning I won't have to wait two hours for the first faint light to cross the field, then climb above the treetops. It will arrive, as expected, then depart in the evening, in perfect timing with the world. It will be daylight enough for me.
Amidst all the chaos he had forgotten that they had left to take their annual summer vacation.
3. Dark Fantasy
Our relationship and trust in one another grew exponentially in our new city. We discovered new places, took winding rides to the top of Twin Peaks and to the edge of the Cliff House. I smelled and breathed and viewed everything on the back of my husband's motorcycle, never needing to say a word, feeling his energy and mine and that of the city abounding. In the beginning we were euphoric.
Fripp stroked his chin, reflectively. "There are about four chicks involved in that – not, in this case, simultaneously. I have to admit. However, return with me if you will to my earliest days as a rock musician. I used to get complaints from Greg (Lake). Not directly, but I used to hear about them.
This got me thinking to what it is about me that wanted to fit the whole gay stereotype, actually no, I didn't fit the whole gay stereotype, I'd be lying if I didn't share a big amount of who I am from my mum; and how most of my characteristics are extremely feminine, I'm pretty sure this, whoever I am, isn't entirely my fault. Nor is being extremely gay, gay, or just having any sign of femininity in yourself is a bad thing.
Warning: this WILL move you. And quite possibly change you.
Many people like to think that being uninsured is a “choice”. And they’re correct, in the sense that you can “choose” not to buy insurance. I get that. But many people “choose” not to buy insurance for the sole reason that it’s crazy expensive. The average – not gold plated, but average – employer sponsored insurance plan for an individual plan in the United States last year was $5429. And that was just the premium. It didn’t include deductibles, co-pays, or co-insurance. The average family plan was $15,073. The median salary in the US, on the other hand, was less than $50,000 for households. For individuals, the median paycheck is $26,364. When you’re making that amount, and you lose your job, paying for that insurance plan is no longer possible. Paying for COBRA is even harder, as it’s usually more expensive. I kind of wonder why I am wading back into this topic. Experience has shown me that it's become such an ideological shibboleth that the true believers are completely impervious to reason and data. I'm like a moth to the flame, I guess. I just can't leave it alone. Someone is wrong on the internet.
While watching a movie, anytime we laugh, are thrilled, scared, or yell “Holy F__!!!” we can thank Composer Chris Ridenhour for elevating our emotions. Music in movies is so critical when it comes to our reactions and The Asylum is very fortunate to have a composer like Chris. He’s very busy year round and thrives on the demanding schedules. I personally am very curious how Chris prepares and composes the music for all his movies.
For this card I used Spellbinders S5-088 Sewing Elements (which is one of Nina's designs!) as well as Labels Four. The Crafter's Meow has this adorable set called Sew Lovely that Nina made to fit right inside Labels Four. And, I just happend to have recently got this very cool paper from one of my new fave paper companies called Kesi' Art. Match made in heaven! The rose trim and pearls are from Want2Scrap.
I discovered this shop quite recently, and I already love it! The people in there are very nice and helpful and the yarn prices are just awesome.
Mr. Vittles occasionally looks over my shoulder while I'm reviewing my blog's stats, and he is always so amused by the fact that the Apple Chips completely dwarf every other post.
9. pleading
Give credit where credit is due.
Black Eiffel explores creative design and lifestyle topics daily. It is written by Rachel Jones, a graphic designer who decided to catalog and share her everyday inspiration including her love of design, music, food, travel and more all in one place. She currently resides in sunny Northern California and loves to hang out with her husband and two daughters. Black Eiffel has readers from across the globe, is in the Martha Stewart Circle, has been mentioned in these various publications and interviews.
as is the Magdalene’s gaze into the mirror
This weekend isn’t all about the dancing, though. It is a chance when all the dancers, teachers, family and friends are together in one place, which can only mean one thing: we show off. We want to out-do everyone else, in our choreography, results, and especially the way we look. It’s a weekend full of fashion statements, both on and off the stage, and it is in this way that it is unlike any other weekend.
Ride the lightning:
In the defense's closing statement the lawyer,
I made this as a request. I do like the idea of wall pieces, I have some ideas for some that I think will compliment some of the work I'm doing. I have to be honest; I wasn't exactly sure what I was going to do to make one of my Ship&Whale vases hang on the wall? I just had a hard time at first even getting there. I resisted. Obvioiusly, I finally did it, and the result is I'm ambivalent about it. I didn't have the luxury of spending a ton of time figuring it out - and what you see is the result without much time for exploration.
Two posts in one day---that'a pretty rare LOL!
Stop copying iPhone/iPad! Create something new and unique which is not a mirror reflection what others do. Maybe in that way we will see the actual difference between Samsung, Motorola or Sony because right now its just the same product with different logo on top.
#112. biking to bars with friends
As you may or may not know, I had made all my channels on Youtube private. I did so after receiving a notice from Youtube that some guy filed a complaint against a song I had posted on 9th Ward BluezBox stating he owned it.
The Merapi situation is really a man-made disaster. The mountain is the most active ‘natural’ volcano in Indonesia, with regular eruptions as recently as the 1990s. A notable exception is the ‘mud volcano’ in north Java caused four years ago by oil drilling. The cause of death at Merapi is two-fold: government hype and plain old hard-headedness.
That is an incredible amount of possibilities to win!
I'm trying to do a few "how-to" posts here, because I get more and more emails asking how to do this or that. One I've gotten recently, is how to spraypaint well. There are lots of pointers that I think can be helpful, and I also made a short (only slightly helpful) video.
making its way around orange tree
I made it. I'm here! The trip with Milo was sort of crazy, sort of funny, physically exhausting, but in the end, not as horrible as dreaded.
Dharaṇī said:
its concrete
I love this blueberry muffin recipe from Angela at Oh She Glows. Before vegan Lent started, I’d never baked muffins without eggs, so I was a little nervous about how these would turn out. Fortunately, they didn’t disappoint. I recommend serving the muffins warm with a bit of Earth Balance spread, soy chai lattes and a Sunday paper.
I’m somewhat newly a fan of purple, myself. I’m glad I came around to the purple side because it’s a hot color again this fall and winter. You’re sure to be on trend in your purple cardigan.
A good example of industry education is the various platform-specific designations that Information Technology professionals can attain in areas such as computer networking, routers, wireless and Internet technologies. Often these designations will not only separate you from candidates who don't hold a designation, it might be a requirement for actually applying for some jobs. Other examples of people who hold industry-specific designations are registered nurses and certified trainers.
5. Scout aka Robyn is incredible! She writes not only her blog, but for her local newspaper, she's a musician, she makes gorgeous jewelry and is just all around FANTASTIC!
17 What Will This Morning Bring Me This Evening 2:3
Carrier criticizes Ehrman’s book on several grounds:
By using a social networking site, such as Facebook or Twitter, you could create a page advertising your property. Post tips related to real estate and information about new properties for sale on social media sites.
Harrington someone issue a harangue from a ton of steel
Day 3 (Yongpyong Ski Resort – N Seoul Tower – Myeongdong – Namdaemun Market)
In a small, little house on a U-shaped street, sits my little corner of the world. It is filled with barking dogs, nerf gun wars and hockey on TV. It is, in spite of the chaos, my paradise. I know that my paradise will move every three years. That’s what happens when Uncle Sam has control. He’ll pack us up and send us somewhere else. A new house, a new adventure but the same paradise.
Readers, I hope you’ll allow me a weepy moment. New York City schools get out late. For us, graduation was Wednesday. That’s when I wrote this, which I also posted on the Huffington Post New York page :
Your eyes take it in in a second before you look back to the unguarded dooor as it creaks closed against the boy who has ducked into its depths. You see a multitude of colors and glaring brightness amidst devastating darkness, You hear music. You smell flowers and refuse and you hear laughter and tears.
Gloria M. Miele, Ph.D. is a Business Development and Leadership Coach and Victory Circles facilitator in Southern California. She works with entrepreneurs and other business leaders to discover, develop and optimize their strengths to achieve greater business success. Visit her website at www.optimaldevelopmentcoaching.com to receive helpful business development resources, including a free Business Plan Template. You can also connect with her at www.facebook.com/optimaldevelopmentcoaching.
Thanks for stopping by, I really appreciate you guys so much. Have a great day!
It had started to snow again when he left. Large flakes fell to the ground; slowly building themselves higher. He looked upwards and let them fall on his face. It always looked like a different world when you look up while the snow falls down. The world becomes quiet when it snows at night. The stillness that makes you forget. He drove around in silence for a long time before finally coming home. When he pulled into the parking lot all the lights in the house were out. He stepped inside, trying not to make a sound. His daughters were home on break and he could just feel them in house. That wholeness, of his family, once again. He snuck into their rooms and kissed them both as they were sleeping. The same way he did when they were children. He got in bed with his wife and wrapped her in his arms and kissed her on the shoulder. It would be awhile until he fell asleep, but until he did he looked out the window. And watching the snow fall; he forgot himself as well.
Do you think cats are supportive pets? What other types of pets should be included in this work? Do you have fond memories of supportive pets from your childhood? Why do you love your pets? Or if you don’t like pets, why not?
If you're guarding a predominantly English-speaking compound, in a city the Lonely Planet describes as "the most dangerous city in the world outside a war zone" you'd source staff that can be (mostly) understood by the occupants.
On Christmas night Paul and I went out to do our Christmas night tradition. Late dinner at Denny’s and a big tip for the server. This is 3 years in a row now and we love doing it. On the drive there and back we talked about what we hope to be able to do to help people more in the future, and how excited we are to get our kids involved in the tradition, and also how we want to think of new ways of gift giving primarily with our siblings. We’re all the type that if we want something we just go buy it, so there’s nothing any of us ever really need come Christmas. We’re working on some ideas to help others rather that giving unnecessary stuff to each other every year.
The story included a guy named Steve Garber who was a "former wildlife manager for JFK". In the story, he says that having breeding colonies of gulls in the Bay is "the dumbest thing in the world" and that the gulls should be "relocated". Relocated where??? He added that when planes fly, "They suck in everything, so when they go through a flock like this every bird nearby will get sucked right in" . The story added that, "The bird colony on these islands is thriving, proof of the Port Authority's and the Federal Government's complete failure to eliminate a threat that they know has existed for at least 40 years." By the way, the "islands" that they are referring to are the marsh islands, the very places that all of us have been trying to protect, preserve & reconstruct, because THEY PROVIDE BIRD HABITAT!
Potatoe puree
Q. What if I get tired of it?
Against all caution, against all hope, I open the door. A milky glow bathes the staircase. The opera music builds in a sombre crescendo from which the bass-baritone voice calls my name.
it used to look like this:
Look closely at covers cracked like old paint on a window frame
Hey to set off without water or a saving grace
Steve Carell, who stars as Maxwell Smart and also serves as an executive producer, sums it up this way: "I'd say it's 80% comedy, 20% action, 15% heart, 35% romance, 10% adventure and probably less than 1% horror. Put that all together and you have more than 100%, which is more, really, than you can expect from any movie."
that as soon as I get going and don't know how to finish...in the past I would stop.
So she took a bunch of weeds to church as a gift for the Holy Child;
It is a matter of the will
Spells Black
This year’s version is slated to involve the largest number of Partnership for Peace states in any Longbow/Lancer exercises, thirteen: Armenia, Austria, Azerbaijan, Belarus, Bosnia, Georgia, Kazakhstan, Macedonia, Moldova, Montenegro, Serbia, Switzerland and Ukraine. NATO hasn’t yet disclosed which Mediterranean Dialogue and Istanbul Cooperation Initiative partners will participate this year.
4. Embassy of the
Atlanta firefighters responded immediately to a fire which damaged the backlot façade of one of the buildings at Tyler Perry Studios in Atlanta. We are grateful that there were no injuries, and that 99 percent of the damage is limited to the backlot facade. Mr. Perry wishes to express his heartfelt thanks to the Atlanta fire department for their professionalism in their quick response and limiting the damage.
However the one thing it has always been for me is home. That is disticntly different from "a house we currently live in". The kids have grown up in there, one has even now semi flown the coup to university and it'll not be long before he's fully gone, my daughter came home a little bundle in a blanket to that house, we've had kids parties, 21st parties, our 25th wedding anniversary, I had my final breakdown with the booze in the bedroom that my daughter now occupies and sobbed my heart out before going off to rehab etc. it has all those memories and more.
Boland was understandably shaken by the nature of the questions. Throughout all of these paedophile inquiries involving the Roman Catholic Church all over Europe, we hear again and again the excuse that there were no ‘guidelines’ in place to deal with these sorts of allegations. But the chief inquisitors of the Irish Roman Catholic Church appear to be ignorant of natural justice and devoid of compassion in their treatment of Brendan Boland. The man asks now, almost 40 years on, what kind of questions are these to ask a 14-year-old boy? He was forced to swear an oath, on the Bible, which the Cardinal now insists was only to ‘give weight’ to the boy’s testimony. No 14-year-old boy would have viewed it so: the oath was to ensure silence and secrecy; it was to protect Fr Smyth and the reputation of the Irish Roman Catholic Church. The Word of God was deployed as an instrument of manipulation.
Welcome to our last CLP Sketch challenge for the year.
Doing things thoughtfully. With purpose.
Gal 6:1-2 (Phi) Even if a man should be detected in some sin, my brothers, the spiritual ones among you should quietly set him back on the right path, not with any feeling of superiority but being yourselves on guard against temptation. Carry each other’s burdens and so live out the law of Christ. Let us not become weary in doing good, for at the proper time we will reap a harvest if we do not give up.
3) Add the syrup/sugar ,coconut milk, pandan leaf, ginger and salt
I've chosen to spotlight Tess Hilmo. Tess's debut novel, With a Name like Love, launched just a couple of weeks ago. Tess's writing is beautiful and her characters are amazingly vivid. There are five daughters in the Love family, and I am certain I could identify any one of them just by a line of dialogue. The language is rich and descriptive; the plot is full of mystery and tension. I don't normally read MG or historical, but I loved every minute of this incredible book.
What’s with me and morning posts, you ask? I don’t know myself. I guess it takes a nice cup of coffee to get me writing. But I can have coffee any time of the day. So why the morning? Hmm. I might have to think about that one. After around two weeks of hot chocolate and mocha mixes, I decided to get back to my favourite kind of cold coffee. This time, I added some vanilla extract and topped it with whipped cream. I can barely taste the vanilla. I think I got ripped off. Oh well.. *sigh
ZIMMERMAN RK, MIDDLETON DB. Vaccines for persons at high risk due to medical conditions, occupation, environment, or lifestyle, 2005. J Fam Pract 2005; 54 (Suppl.): S27-S36.
Ache beauty baby
It damages what I think of the place as well as the breweries. But what can they do? Make the call that says they don’t like the beer or serve 70 pints of it and hope for the best? As the only fault is the flavour, then can the customer return the beer and ask for something else? When
If we do this again (and, I have to confess, everything seems to be going well enough that a second Exchange is looking more and more likely), we will open the game to anyone who wants to play, and rework the matches, so it is highly unlikely that you will have the same recipient a second time. Also, we are encouraging you to blog about your package, and perhaps thank your sender. If you don't have a blog, maybe you'd like to send an email of thanks to your sender.
Nice. She's doing the right thing… she's going in the fetal position. That's what I would do under the circumstances, definitely. Go fetal on him. See what he can do about that. He he he he.
We long for lives that are rich and meaningful but we often don’t know what will make our lives that way. Is money the answer? Romance? Adventure? Will my profession give my life meaning? For everyone the answer is probably different but I think there are some ways of living that will never be living for anyone: a selfish/self-centered life. (Though living completely for others and losing our sense of self isn’t living either).
Me: "The basket? Uh, I dunno, why?"
This year, I would remain largely silent. I had practiced diligently at home the night before. I asked my son to throw rocks at me while I stood quietly and took it. I said not a word for virtually the entire evening, though admittedly I was unconscious for much of the period. I even refrained from sleep-talking during a dream in which dogs had invaded the Vatican, and it was my job to get them out.
Post 140 of 180
19. Play The Game Tonight
Because that's all we can do. The best we can with the tools we have.
the kitchen!
Anyway, some background information before we proceed to the recipe:
