At the beginning of 2011 I gave myself a challenge to try something new every day. This was intended to get me out of a creative rut; but it ended up doing much more.
I am Jessica, I am a Christian, a daughter, a mother, a wife, a sister, a friend, a nursing student, a teacher, a prayer warrior....I enjoy giving, I enjoy surprising people, I love to sew, I love to take pictures, I love to read and write, I love to study, I love entertaining and cooking and having company over to our home. I AM ME!!
Credits: Bond No 9 PR
It's crunchy time in Greece. The long-awaited debt default will happen today, or it won't. Today holders of Greek bonds are voting on whether to accept a short-back-and-sides and allow the value of their holding to be reduced by about half.
My new buddy turned to me as we walked and introduced herself as "Amy, but that's A. I. M. E. E." She went on to tell me the names of everyone else in the dorm, but at that point I really didn't care. All that I cared about was how I was going to get out of there.
Finally, here's a wonderful song about the White Horses of Wiltshire and Berkshire, written by Aidan McGee and posted on my brother's folk music website -you'll find the mp3 link at the bottom of the 'blurb' in the right-hand column beside the words. Aidan really expresses the weird magic of the Uffington Horse - the King of all the Hill Horses. Enjoy it!
POLITICS AND GLOBAL ISSUES
“When you’re surrounded by beauty, it is difficult to express anything less that the truth” DeSandro looks up through his brow, exchanging the broom for a spade, “Why would I want to dress anything up?” he says as he scoops the petals into the machine.
1 C wild rice
Understandably however they are wielding such devices as bolters which fire rocketpowered assisted bullets and a hero whom seems to carry a hammer bigger than himself it would make sense you can lose everything in a blink of an eye. What it took away however, at least I felt was the importance of presence on the map. You can't cut off resources from the entire team with one choke point, which always allowed players to even the field, however short the time is and take back some more map points.
Bonus video: Eagle pwns tabby. From YouTube; the owner apparently lives in Alaska. It’s the same person who posted the video in comment #6 below.
The card inside is 3 3/4" x 2 1/4" I used the same paper. The ribbon is 10" long and is used to pull up the gift card.
Also up today: yoga until my bones are stretched and I’m feeling a little bit calmer (and maybe not falling over in this session), heading into work a little late to accomodate my appointment to Fix the Internet, and making this new recipe with Ky.
Look at how big they are getting. Herbie is looking an awful a lot like Dammit bunny with that spot around his eye. Hmmm. I'm thinking he's getting big enough to come out of the box, but D says no. Herbie is being a good older sibling and keeping the younger ones warm so Ladybird can have longer time out of the nest. One of my readers sent me an e-mail this weekend and she has experience with parakeet breeding. I'll contact her later to see what she thinks as to when we should take him out. D seems to think Herbie will pop out on his own when he's ready.
Today, I'm not so sure.
I guess what I’m babbling about is I need your guidance. What do you think? Is this something that you’d be interested to read (as many of you expressed a month or so ago) despite its length? If so, I shall post away (it even has a rather spiffing illustration.)
or below as the point sticks out the top of the head-
I had looked at a 100 beauticians before resigning myself rather grudgingly to a mediocre one…was unsure about the venue itself due its unattractive location… had high doubts regarding the decorator… and was paranoid about the living arrangements for R’s family... And to top it all the power supply decided to play truant midway through my makeup session…In short I knew we were heading towards a disaster
Do you know that feeling? When you try something new or discover something new and all of a sudden it's like the clouds part and trumpets sound and the angels lift their golden voices in song. Or, for me, like fireworks start going off in my brain. I start kind of dancing around--I can't stay still--and I start talking REALLYLOUDANDFAST (to The EGE, or sometimes to the cats) and it's like things start moving so quickly I can't keep up.
Mrs. Thwett goes to visit William's grandmother, Mrs. Popper, who suspects William's victim was a drunken Irish woman and that she must have been at fault for her own death. She demands the police do a blood test on her corpse "before the priests have time to destroy the evidence."
In addition to improving margins, Kent said those smaller sizes are desired by consumers concerned about reducing their sugar intake.
So without further ado heres my take on the theme.
The former principal of Pei Chun Public School Lee Lip Hong (pic left with PAP MP Josephine Teo) has been sentenced to nine weeks’ jail for having paid sex with a minor, a sign of what is in store for the other 47 men who have been charged for the same offence.
Recently I had a rebirth of thought when I came across the David Beckham Body Wear ad campaign for H&M. The hunk, husband of former Spice-Girl-turned-designer Victoria Beckham has made me dance right back on the collaboration bandwagon.
Thanks to Penguin and Susane I have ONE SIGNED copy of Something Like Fate to giveaway to one of my US based readers ages 13 or older (As always if you international but have someone who can send it to you from the US, feel free to enter!). To enter please fill out the form. The winner will be chosen on May 7, 2010!
In addition to the question of how the different types of correctness are individuated, there is the question of how they are related. However, in order to answer this we need to explain one final aspect of practical reasoning, which by happy coincidence is the very same aspect required to address the problem of value. This is the fact that the vast majority of practical reasoning is non-monotonic. Precisely what this means is easier to explain in relation to theoretical reasoning, most of which is similarly non-monotonic. A non-monotonic theoretical inference is one that does not remain good regardless of what additional premises one adds to it, i.e., an inference that is defeasible. To take Brandom’s example, the inference from ‘I’m about to strike this dry, well made match’ to ‘It will light’ is a good one, but this ceases to be the case if we add the additional premise ‘A strong magnetic field is present’. This is known as a defeasor. There can also be counter-defeasors, such as ‘I’m standing in a faraday cage’, and counter-counter-defeasors such as ‘I’m also in a vacuum’. Now, instrumental reasoning can be non-monotonic in precisely the same way as theoretical reasoning, because it is governed by the inferential relations between the corresponding theoretical commitments (e.g., all of the defeasors of the above inference are defeasors of the inference ‘It is too dark to see, therefore I will light a match’). However, it is the non-monoticity specific to motivational reasoning that concerns us.
29) The Three Stooges (2012)—yes or no?
Crabcakc, With Santorini Fava Puree, Preserved
a man is 24 palms
The series win over Towson was filled with McVicar smacking his first two collegiate home runs in back-to-back at bats, four freshman starting today, Gomi playing shortstop for the first time at Elon and the twins combining for five hits and four RBI’s this afternoon. Also during the Friday game a handful of Broadcast Journalism students in the Communications school set up cameras and live streamed the game onto ESPN3 and ElonPhoenix.com. It was a tryout run for the TV crew in hopes of live streaming all of the Phoenix home games next year on ESPN3! After watching a handful of games from the dugout the past week or so I’ve noticed a few things worth noting: Paone is the leader of dugout charades intended to catalyst a rally, Bird’s leg kick while pitching actually does go over his head, “give him a chair” means strike out the batter, combining ranch and BBQ sunflower seeds is delicious and Bruno shaves his arms.
I love this time of the year because my mom’s garden is in full bloom. She has almost every color plants imaginable and she can name them all. I usually say the color to differentiate between them all. Lol. Nature in itself is beauty. Nature in mom’s garden is priceless. Enjoy the pictures. More to come soon:)
B Oh No Not!
West Chicago - Meet at Reed-Keppler Park, 129 W. National Street in West Chicago, from 6:00 pm to 8:00 pm. Festivities will include a flashlight walk through the park, an outdoor movie on the baseball field, a pool party, the chance to meet police officers and fire fighters, free food and drinks, and giveaways.
As a political reporter, I know that money and spin usually win. But in looking at Atlantic Yards up close, it’s outrageous to see the absolute absence of democratic process. There’s been no point in the past four years at which the public has been given a meaningful chance to decide whether something this big and transformative should be built on public property. Instead, race, basketball, and Frank Gehry have been tossed out as distractions to steer attention away from the real issue, money. Ratner’s team has mounted an elaborate road show before community boards and local groups, at which people have been allowed to ask questions and vent, and the developer has made a grand show of listening, then tinkering around the edges. But the fundamentals of the project—an arena plus massive residential and commerical buildings—has never been up for discussion. Ratner, with Gehry’s aid, has built a titanium-clad, irregularly angled tank and driven it relentlessly through a gauntlet of neighborhood slingshots. And Bloomberg and Pataki—our only elected officials with the power to force a real debate about Atlantic Yards—instead jumped aboard early and fastened their seat belts. What at first seemed to me impressive on a clinical level—a developer’s savvy use of state-of-the-art political tactics—ends up being, on closer inspection, positively chilling.
because that's who I am.
One thing I particularly liked about this model, was that despite being on the Gold Coast in Queensland where skimpy bikinis are commonplace, she didn’t feel that she had to show skin more than necessary and was aware about posing in a classy way. Nice!
My next task is to see if my agent’s interested in submitting the original stories to publishers. I’ve edited them in conference with the young people and have kept as much of their original wording as I can. I was thrilled by how engaged they were with that process – but then, we were doing what I wish schools could do more. A real task for a real purpose. There were lots of really memorable moments but it all felt very worthwhile when one of the participants said, ‘I used to think I was no good at English but doing this project has made me realise that I really am.
Pattern: Buttrick 6164 top from 1999, and my go to skirt Vintage McCalls 9400 from the 50′s
No. None of those things. If those were its only crimes then it would be merely down there among my most irritating films - alongside Madagascar - yeuch - or the disappointing Shrek 3.
Enjoy these Christmas "Pearls of Wisdom" from some of today's most beloved writers (Tricia Goyer, Babbie Mason, Suzanne Woods Fisher, Shellie Rushing Tomlinson, Sibella Giorello and more)! Please follow the series through Christmas day as each contributor shares heartfelt stories of how God has touched a life during this most wonderful time of the year.
The really chilling fact about this story is that his persecutors are the online commenters in Saudi. Some 30,000 tweets, mostly condemning him, came within 24 hours. A Facebook group has been set up to demand Kashgari's punishment (and Facebook has not taken it down). There are 20,000 members already. Some bloggers, it's true, have defended him; but they too have been threatened by the more orthodox contingent.
Anything goes
The story stays untold.
Despite its green ties, the essence of MapleXO is that this jewelry has skateboarded. That means, the jewelry has grinded a park bench, flipped in the air, and slid on a hand rail. The jewelry is not embellished–no paint or designs are added to any of the items. And of course, no two items are alike!
It seems a hot topic to discuss the entire life cycle of an Apple, or what percentage of the female population has resorted to breast implants. And when they do, it is often discussed what materials are used in the procedure. Or maybe the shoes she had on during the procedure…
1. Combine sugar, passion-fruit puree, and egg yolks in a medium saucepan, and place over medium heat. Cook, whisking constantly, until thick enough to coat back of spoon, 12 to 15 minutes. Remove from heat; stir in butter, piece by piece, until melted. Cool, cover with plastic wrap; refrigerate until needed, up to three days.
o Eat mostly foods of plant origin, including fruits, vegetables, whole grains and beans
Uttered like full stops,
My Rating: 5.0 of 5.0
A wise man said—it makes the whole world blind.
In the next 25 minutes, he proceeded to ask me to go to church with him, tell me how he was looking for someone to marry (like now) and read me his E-match profile as if it would flow in natural conversation**. And in between those moments were the awkward, silent – I have nothing to say to you right now moments. It was truly the worst. So much so, that when I got off the phone with him (which came after I had no way to respond to him telling me that I would probably want to join his church to be with him, even though I’d already said to him how much I actually like the church that I am currently a member of), I assumed I would never hear from this man again. Suuuuure – he’d mentioned that he wanted to go out with me this weekend. But surely, he could tell that the conversation was strained, right? Right?
Anyway, I am hoping to hear the patter of tiny webbed feet soon.
To turn, turn will be our delight,
Tuesday 2-11 (2 alarm) House fire and the Medics let me play!
There are many recipes available for how to disinfect water. So many drops and for so many minutes. I will never give you a statement like that because there are cases where that may not be true. Water disinfection is determined by a calculation. Concentration times Time CT value. For each source of water there is a CT value that must be met for it to be disinfected. This is not a fixed number.
The last day of the trip! We all decided that were to wake up early and try to drive to the airport early. We had scheduled our flight to leave at 730 pm so that we would have plenty of time to get to the airport in case the roads were icy. We lucked out and saw on the news that the roads were not icy at all. The goal now is to get to Denver ASAP. We were going to drop off our luggage and go Downtown Denver to do some shopping or eat or do what ever.
And that's it. Easy, peasy. :)
The Jennifer Morgue — a novel, set around 3 years after The Concrete Jungle
Between 1952-55 Kraft Theater (writer) (made in New York City – episode title unknown)
Friday saw a shorter visit where we decided to do some proper planning so we can focus properly on the next task in hand. On Wednesday I had started to define the path and bottom corner of the allotment and that is where we start our proper effort.
And really, what better way is there to celebrate menstrual laws than with red velvet? (Because I assure you that one does not survive a year of niddah without a sense of humor.) So I went looking for a recipe and I found this one. Sometimes it nice to just doctor a mix, and this recipe did not disappoint. They actually reminded me more of cupcake tops than cookies in their texture, but either way, they were delicious and devoured by many a hungry Jewish seminarian. Purity and cookies for all!
Snuggle up for Holiday books
David began learning the photographic craft. He sold his first journalistic photos while in middle school. He won his first photographic award in college.
The sterile place with the clear walls. I was trapped there. I was experimented on. The Breathers were trying to create others like me, but they couldn’t. They could only create the Mindless Ones. This did not stop them. They continued creating. The four here had made multiple attempts to free me, but they had only managed to free what they call my “offspring”. The security around me had been too tight, even for them. They do not know how I got free.
1 1/2 lbs boneless, skinless chicken breast, cut into thin strips (I used like 6 breasts - and it soaked up all the marinade - it was perfect!)
Prospeky Vernadskogo, Kuznetsky most, Vykhino, the 855 bus, Kozhukhovo.
I see in today’s Times’ leading article, 20 Feb 2012, that, “the Greek economy … is now in its fifth year of recession. Output shrank by another 7 per cent in the last quarter and unemployment is more than 20 per cent. Among young people, almost one in two is out of work.”
This was my first pregnancy. My “guess date” was Monday, Sept 19. I had a wedding of a close friend to attend Sept 17 and joked at the party to everyone that 'Peanut' & I had had a discussion and that he/she was going to arrive the next day. I had seen my MW, Lisa, on Friday, Sept 16 and had had my membranes stripped.
Stay Blessed
What's with all the questions? Why don't we go ahead and dive into the next chapter of BGR's life story so far?
See light and love
What has happened at Darlington is tragic. I have always followed Darlington by default as until recently they often sat in the same league as my team Brentford. They had a perfectly good small league 2 ground that held at least 10,000 is my estimate. They then were built a huge ground seating 25,000 just off the A66 sort of in the middle of nowehere, decent stadium for sure, but never needed. Now it seems they will go into liquidation and at best emerge a few leagues below, with or without their huge ground. Tragedy and travesty. The last time I was at Darlington it was a happy day, Brentford won 3-0 to win promotion to league 1 a few years ago. Football needs to look at its soul. So much money goes into the top end that folks forget the real end. even today there are plenty of premiership footballers, not all even in the first-team, whose single salary for 2011-12 season would be enough to save Darlington. although recent crowds have been maybe less than 2,000, the original fan base in their old stadium Feethams, was around 4-5,000. These people deserve a football team and one can only hope that a pheonix club arises from the ashes in the manner that Chester city are also doing. There is little more to say than this is a really sad day .
If you’re interested in a complimentary 30-minute business strategy session with Chief Operating Officer, Robert Finkelstein, or for more information, please refer to Behind the Scenes Consulting. If you have questions, please email Robert at Consulting@RobertFinkelstein.com. Your comments are welcomed below. Thank you.
Me: "Go outside and play!"
The chart shows big funding shortfalls, particularly once the baby boomers have retired. Most people, though, aren’t familiar with concepts such as “percent of taxable payroll.”
From this scheme
When I first browsed through the Script Frenzy website, I was more than slightly overwhelmed with the amount of tips and lessons in the Writer’s Resources. There was so much to learn and suggested assignments to do. How am I ever going to finish reading through and understand al of this? Well, I have to start somewhere. I guess this means I have a Mean Girls screenplay to read!
On the basis of the first-quarter results and the increased aircraft movement and passenger traffic projected for the rest of the year, 2012 looks set to be another record year, Mr Al Hameli said. A total of 29,123 flights went through the airport during the first quarter, Adac said. Cargo traffic rose 11 per cent during the period versus last year’s first quarter.
* 1/4 tsp black pepper
Other scams are N40 Billion airport remodelling programme, her per
~I'd really like a huge bag of something chocolate right about now. Too bad I have to show some restraint.
Started: 08/05/09, Completed 08/20/09 ...technically ends were woven in on 10/03/09.
Mushrooms (small button)
Someone this last week said to me, "The love you have for your daughter is evident." She said it like she was surprised. I sometimes wish it weren't only bereaved parents that understand these things, but I hope that I can live the rest of my life without Mikayla continuing to show my love for her. I do believe that she can see the things we do for her, because of her, and that when we are able to be together again someday it won't feel as if all this time has passed between our first meeting and our last because she's felt the love that we've poured out of our hearts for her.
Bar 99
Another digital manga project involving the iPad is called Maniac Tours. It is an original manga created for the iPad by Katalyst Lab. The synopsis (from the iTunes Preview Page):
SB.
Sarah peered through dark bangs at her. They locked stares. The corner of Mommy’s mouth wilted.
The risk of those clashes disappeared behind massive steel barriers that the police used to seal the EDL in to St George's Square. They wanted to make a show in the hometown of their founders - but there was nobody around to see it.
Couly-Dutheil (Chinon): Typically over commercialized winery though the people there were really nice.
I called the seller…he was so-o-o-o appreciative. He doesn’t speak good English, but he said he read our email about the refund. In 10 years of doing business, they’ve made mistakes before like this and no one has ever contacted them and made it right! He wished us a wonderful holiday and said he hoped all our wishes came true. Made my day!
Still my Back Door Man, lover...
Another classic early 70s album from Marcos Valle, But, this album took a little while to grow on me. Perhaps because, when I'm obsessively-compulsively collecting, consuming, and divulging music, I am busy worshiping the Dark One, Satanáis, Beelzebub, Lucifer, or Jimmy Witherspoon - I am a little put off by the opening track on this one, 'Jesus Meu Rei.' On the other hand, there is an apocryphal and even millenarian streak to a lot of the content on this album. Satan may have granted me the power to acquire gluttunous amounts of music over the years, but far be if from me to question The Brothers Valle if their faith is strong. It's a gorgeous baroque pop tune with whispy harpsichord and strummy acoustic guitar and very, um, "churchy" organ from none other than Dom Salvador. Then tuning into the lyrics and I am surprised, in spite of knowing that I shouldn't be, of Paulo Sérgios genius. In its hymnal piety the song also calls on Jesus to look around at how the world has changed, and ambiguous lines that can either be a lament of world gone down the wrong path, or perhaps a plea to some type of moral relativity adn realism ("nada e ninguem / sabe o que é mal / e o que é bem / Jesus meu rei / fazendo lei / Passa seu tempo real"). A chorus of voices that's built since the first verse swells into the transcendent bridge and the softly provocative lines:
CD's
The youth center that I am “officially” assigned to work at is currently closed for remodeling. It was supposed to be finished in December, although it looks like it may not be done until mid- or late-March. However, there is a second youth center that I will go back to later this week to possibly start some English classes or clubs in the meantime. I found out during our training week that there will be another new PCV placed in Khemisset in May when the next group arrives who will be assigned to this other youth center.
2 tablespoons margarine
And look, here's Hank Aaron on Home Run Derby. Now that you know he grew up in a house his father built out of scrap wood, it's easy to understand his expression when the announcer explains that consecutive home runs can earn one thousand dollars. A final note: it's remarkable how handsome everyone was in 1959.
Important Information and Contact Details:
07. Breakfast In America
Hands-on understanding of your business and its needs
That rather defeated the idea of producing something green. Hmmmm……
Save Los Lagartos just created a petition entitled Everyone: Keep "Los Lagartos" in the Plazita de los Lagartos! (El Paso, Texas).
I know for a fact that several ex-South African policemen, not from the apartheid era, but from this current new democratic era, are suffering from post-traumatic stress disorder, as a consequence of what they have witnessed at crimes scenes. I am still in daily contact with these men and women, and it breaks my heart to hear how their lives have been shattered by the sadistic images of brutality that are fixed in their memories. I thought I saw my far share of horrific scenes during my career as a cop, but it’s not a patch to what these cops have experienced!
“I’ve said it before, and I’ll say it again… I will not allow bullying on my blog. You can say what you like about me, but when you come on here and harass and bully other fans, you WILL be banned from leaving comments,” she posted. “This is not a place to take out your frustrations with your own life on other people. I was honestly shocked today reading some of the comments… from people who are old enough to know better. Find something better to do with your time, because I don’t want you here, and neither does anyone else.”
I'm leaving for New Orleans soon and had a whole lot of stuff to get done before skipping town. I got most of it done, but not all. I decided rather than kill myself trying, I'd let my customer accept the fact that it isn't the end of the world if she has to wait another week or two for her quilt.
It took me over an hour to sort out the dogs first as they each have different needs - Blue a 10 minute meander down the road. Duna a 20 minute race around the block. Bonnie a 40 minute fast walk to the Park Ponent, keeping her beside the wall where possible to stop her getting panicky when anyone came behind us. (That happens a lot - it is a city!) I have to really plan any trip to the city these days.
The rules are fairly simple.
More from Beth…
Remember, your employer is responsible for preventing the bullying of its staff and there are various equality and discrimination acts to protect you. Initially, try to resolve the matter by speaking to the people involved if you feel comfortable enough to do this. You might also consider writing to them via email if that’s easier for you or the bully isn’t reasonable when directly approached. Explain how they’re affecting your life and ask them to stop. Stick to the facts and avoid aggressive or overly emotional language. If they aren’t receptive, the next stage is to take the matter to your manager or supervisor. If this doesn’t yield results, take the matter up with your union representative or human resources at your place of work. Beyond this you can seek advice from Citizens Advice Bureaux or ACAS. You may ultimately decide to make a formal complaint against the company if the problem is not addressed, but this should be a last resort.
Sunday Passage. Release of 1971 recording by Louis Armstrong.
High Volume Sales
17:30 – 18:30 Velvet Texas Cannonball
All you need:
Brennan raised a question about the December 2006 approval of Atlantic Yards by the Public Authorities Control Board (PACB), two weeks after approval by the Empire State Development Corporation (ESDC). The PACB evaluated the soundness of the state’s $100 million subsidy for Atlantic Yards
Category: 64 French- and Belgian-Style Saison - 52 Entries
I have to say that it is a pleasure to use and you'd be hardpressed to make the same card as the next person because there are so many variations - then, when we take the resize function is taken into consideration....
Pumpkins: What is fall without pumpkins? A variety of textures and colors that blend nicely are scattered artfully about. I can definitely scatter.
Dentist: But, people think you’re crying.
Susan: I'm so sorry to hear about your father. I bet you were the best to gift your mom could ever have.
Get well Jeff! Our thoughts and prayers are with you!
Two weeks of strike action, 6,000 leaflets handed out, 48 articles (and counting) written about us, two BBC radio interviews, hundreds of letters in support, countless hours of labour, nine journalists.
I have, however, been documenting some of what's been happening each week in the garden in my new weekly series on Farmgirl Fare called the Friday Farm Fix.
A Gathering Light: Bloomsbury 2003
1) Use only the True/False cards and the cube.
This dream was also slightly influenced by watching the movie Sucker Punch last night.
While I’m slaving away, ripping hair out of people’s dark parts ( I don’t know why I just called them dark parts…I was thinking of the sun don’t shine on them, therefore, they’re dark…?), y’all should be out prancing around in as little clothing as possible and soaking up the rays.
07 American Girl
The moment Jesus enteredJerusalemon Palm Sunday, He had crossed the line. The end was near.
“With our Army in significant transition, our leadership at all levels is engaged to synchronize our efforts to improve the health and discipline of the force and the well-being of our Army families,” said Lt. Gen. Thomas P. Bostick, the Army deputy chief of staff, G-1. “I am encouraged by the 2011 Army suicide data that reflects a slight decrease in suicides from the record year experienced in 2010 and a halting of the dramatic increases experienced between 2006 and 2009; however, many challenges lie ahead, which we must tackle together.” Bostick urges leaders and soldiers to read, digest and apply the principles and lessons learned reflected in the “Gold Book” as it continues and expands the dialogue on health promotion and risk reduction. “The ‘Gold Book’ will help leaders at all levels continue the face to face conversations that are focused on reducing the stigma associated with help-seeking behavior. Our Army family deserves our very best effort and that is what they will receive!”
But the seeds of Bonds’ downfall had already been sown.
Why not click the badge and take a peek at what you might win - while your at it check out our Child's Christmas Collabe, only one more week - that is SEVEN days left to get this beautiful collab for FREE...
It was in those theaters that I first experienced the dark comedy "Delicatessen" by Jean-Pierre Jeunet, discovered the theatrical and disturbing vision of Peter Greenaway, watched and marveled at Ridley Scott's "Alien" and "Blade Runner", craved "The Scent of Green Papaya" or traveled through Italy with the quirky protagonist of "Caro Diario".
Will the licensed product have a broad or narrow market ?
FOA have sent letters to over 1000 wholesalers and shops but we need your help to add the personal touch as that is the best method to encourage people to join the campaign.
“We reaffirm that measures to
the head.
self-portraits
It was warm and there were about 7 or 8 evenly spaced cots with babies ranging from 6 to 14 months in them. I felt shy. The nurse left me and closed the door. Sunlight filtered through the slats on the windows and cast shiny, yellow stripes over everything.
48.5%: Households That Receive Some Form Of Government Assistance. (The Wall Street Journal , 10/5/11)
2. Installed a hammock! One of our favorite things about the new house is the backyard and all the fruit trees that we have. Someone gifted us a great hammock when we first moved in and the first weekend of spring seemed like a good time to install it. With the afternoon breeze and the shade of the fruit trees, swaying in the hammock was nothing short of heaven. Needless to say, once we went out there, there was no going back indoors. My niece was still with us and we all had a picnic, hoola hooped, played games and had a truly wonderful afternoon outdoors.
Having 4 girls in the house means we LOVE to bake. And what's more fun than baking, decorating and eating cake??
Easier like this.
Beneath me the world. Struggles.
“These statistics are very distressing. We have noticed circumstances for children have deteriorated, especially in KwaZulu Natal. Children are being killed in a variety of ways, whether through domestic violence, kidnapping or organ trafficking. There has to be a review of the circumstances that are predisposing to child murders.”
7. I'm leaving the country for six months, but don't worry, we have satellite phones in Antarctica.
Mac Miller released his new viedeo for the song Clarity off of the latest mixtape Macadellic. Mac hooks up with Rex Arrow films to bring you this trippy new video. Check it out.
Okay, that may be the case,
our names do not appear.
I must say, this collection is so glamorous. I’m obsessed with classic Hollywood films, especially Film Noir. There are countless amazing detective mysteries, cat and mouse chases, shattering heists, ransoms gone wrong, rebels without a cause, cautious revenge, serious money issues, and alluring Femme Fatales. The films of this genre are beautifully made. The stories are courageous, well thought out, and conveyed exactly what they should have. The cinematography was experimental and revolutionary. So many talented acts to worship. And the fashion of the 50′s and 60′s is what I consider glamorous.
According to Sue Palmer, author of Toxic Childhood, disproportionate anxiety is destroying the quality of our children’s early years. Our perception of danger has been distorted by our exposure to technology. “Because we have such a screen-based culture, and watch rolling news and are bombarded by pictures on the internet, we are being emotionally hijacked by imagery that bypasses the rational centres of the brain and makes us fearful,” she says.
Like, for example, I have this one recurring dream where I have to deal with this retarded dwarf, about the size of a baby, and he's dressed up as the New Year's baby, with a top hat and diapers. And we are watching a movie, and the retarded dwarf baby is constantly annoying me by asking questions throughout the whole movie. He also wants to sit uncomfortably close to me.
(Hill and Wang)
It was a great day out with much to see. I hope you enjoy some of the 240 pics I took. I'll post more shots of the house and of the grounds soon, so be sure to make a return visit.
He has a really sweet car.
When playing games of hide and sleep.
Make whatever adjustments you need to the lighting, temperature, noise level, and other controllable factors in your office.
For dressing:
19. It’s Raining Again
Obviously these new sanctions are crippling Iran's economy. Will it stop the regime's drive to acquire nuclear weapons? No. So what should be done? Frankly, nothing short of regime change in Iran will stop that. Sanctions or no sanctions, pre-emptive strikes or no strikes, diplomacy or isolation, none will work with these thugs.
For your inspiration we have the following from the DT ladies and our guest DT June:
Here’s how the blushes look in the packaging:
I loved Davy Jones Locker, a fun house with shifting walls, sudden slides, a moving sidewalk, and mirrors that made you look 15 feet tall or 10 feet wide. But my favorite attraction was the Mirror Maze, a convoluted house of glass that, once you entered, you could spend as much as a half an hour trying to thread your way back out to the world. You walked into small cubes, framed on three sides with mirrors, with only a single door leading out. To hold your hand in front of you was to cheat. Instead, you took your best guess and walked forward, often smacking yourself senseless against the glass.
TRANSUNION, EQUIFAX, take note. Your BAR attorneys will not be able to
Today’s piece was inspired by an aerial shot of New York at dusk when it starts going into all blues. I was watching Cash Cab, this great trivia game show where taxi passengers in NY get to answer questions for money. And this awesome picture came on with all these fabulous Yves Klein-esque blues, so I paused the TV to sketch it, but it was live, not recorded, so the Langoliers were coming to eat it up and I had to draw it in real fast. I thought pastels would be appropriately haphazard as a medium, and here we are.
Then there are weight problems. Over 45% of dogs in America are overweight, and almost 9% are clinically obese. Unlike humans, dogs do not struggle with body image or self-confidence based on their appearance. But just as bring overweight or obese poses greater health risks for humans, the same is true for our pets. According to studies conducted by Purina, overweight pets have a shorter life expectancy by at least 2 years! Dogs that were maintained at a healthy weight lived longer, healthier lives. Health risks to dogs brought on by excess weight include:
Its been two days full of brainstorming, sketching, and finally applying color. I don’t think I have a back anymore because I don’t feel any pain… I should feel some pain, right? Moving on… Today I have nothing from dear Maya… sometimes, in the middle of a deadline and all the madness, you need a few hours (more like a day) to re-think the whole thing and get your ideas in order.
“… Eclipse is more dangerous or pernitious which shall be in the Horoscope or Ascendant of the birth; or which shall be in the degree Ascending in an Annuall Revolution: it portends unto the Native some ominous and mischievous action as unto his body and also in his vital substance.”
So why then do I find it so difficult to forgive him and this woman? I am so much better off. Better off than him, better off without him. Better off physically with the weight I have lost and the running I do and better eating. Better off emotionally with two kids who love and respect me and a man who also loves and respects me. Better off circumstantially with a beautiful home to live in, money in savings to draw from when things get tight, and a job I love.
"Sleeping Blue" and "Seated Red" drawn this morning, from life.
“So, they’ve offered us relocation expenses, including a ride on the TPE next week. Our stuff will be sent along as freight, so we don’t have to worry about having some jackass movers meet us there. We’ve already got a lease ready to sign for an apartment in central Valentine, just down the street from the library. They want me to start as soon as we can get there.”
2lbs. beef stew meat, cut into 1-inch cubes
Hair- raw sienna, mustard, vanilla & primrose
Spoon chicken mixture evenly down the center of each tortilla; roll up and place seam-side-down into two lightly greased 13x9" baking pans. Spoon remaining soup mixture over tortillas. Bake, uncovered, at 350 degrees for 25 minutes. Sprinkle with remaining 1 1/2 cups shredded Monterey Jack cheese and bake 5-10 minutes longer.
To be clear there is not and has never been anything emotional between Mr. Basketball and me. It was purely phyiscal. I’ve never been attracted to his face and he simply isn’t someone that I can converse with for hours upon hours. In fact, it’s never been the case with anyone that I’ve gotten closer to to spite my current relationship. I’ve never cheated emotionally, only physically. I’m not saying that any of this made it OK, it was wrong and I realize that but it brings me to the point I’m about to make.
The boyfriend does not provide food or cleaning supplies. I've had to send money for diapers for the baby on a few occasions. The furnace has been broken since October and he hasn't bothered to fix it. It's his excuse to keep the baby with his mom.
It is my perception that water scarcity in west Punjab and the changing Russian stance towards Afghanistan and Central Asia will open up the way for Pak-China defense pact coinciding with the rise and revival of Islamic insurgency in Kashmir. The prospects of Kashmir future are bleak and dreary indeed! The downing of a NATO Helicopter with thirty eight U.S special operation group by Taliban using Rocket fire shows direct involvement of both Russia and China in arming Talibans. In the back drop of this intense hugger-mugger, India fully well knowing, the internal situation in Pakistan, that shows, that at present Pakistan is severely caught in the coils of a ferocious turbulence, the genesis of which stems from the demands for re-organization of States in Pakistan on ethnic and linguistic considerations. India is also aware that the overwidening hiatus between Pushtoons and Mahajirs in Karachi, has become unbridgeable, as three hundred people were killed in this blighted city in the deadliest month of July 2011 still invited Hina Rabbani Khar the young Foreign Minister of Pakistan for intense parleys. Such a meeting was inevitably bound to prove a non-sequitur.
Welcome to the Grand Circle of Life at the Country Casa.
But over lunch, Peter had had a very good idea. "Why don't you rent a furnished studio and move down here temporarily, so that you can network with a much easier deadline?" he said. "School's out, and a lot of people rent student flats to tourists for the summer. You might find a place and have to eat a month's rent, but that would be better than trying to rent a place from Berlin." As I wandered the back streets in the hilly region over by the cathedral, some of Montpellier's most picturesque streets (including several I don't believe I've ever seen before, and I've walked lots of this town), I turned this over in my head.
Or, more precisely, the 100% cotton denim blue jean.
Today it was your last waltz on Earth. You fought your battle heroically.
IHRC chairman Massoud Shadjareh said of Al-Quds Day: “This year, as in years past, we are seeing a broad range of people come together to stand shoulder to shoulder with the oppressed men, women and children of Palestine.
Right, Clark.
One of the hardest—if not the hardest—element of writing a fantasy novel is worldbuilding. And to me, an integral part of that is setting. These are my earliest brainstorming notes for ELEMENTAL:
If you are following me on Twitter, please now follow my Dad at -
‘beating up a woman is never OK’. Fine and well. But what happened to the equality thing? Beating anyone up is never OK. It’s not just women this ‘adage’ applies to. So get Rihanna and Chris together in a private setting as ask Rihanna to beat Chris back. End of story.
The most interesting thing - for me (and I think probably Dan!) - was seeing how tall Richard is. He's a giant! 6' 7", I think the warm up guy said he was. Actual giant. He looks so normal sized in his chair (though I now understand why the chair is so imposing with its tall back!), then he gets up and BAM, huge human being.
This brings us to another aspect of drinking history that The Shout has had to deal with. It is the gender factor. It was not so long ago that women were not even allowed inside a public bar. They were confined to the Ladies Lounge to sip raspberry cordial or shandies if they were fortunate enough and it was quite simply unheard of for them to drink with the boys. Today it is expected that ‘a bit of skirt’ will be present when you step into a bar and it has become more and more common for women to be drinking beer with the boys. Brewers are now even ‘targeting’ the female sector of the market when developing and marketing beers. See Pure Blonde, Boag’s St. George and Corona.
And I should mention that we cleaned up as we went since we've got kids and cats in the house and most likely there was lead paint behind ours that did chip and get on the floor.
And even if I tried
1/2 cup cold sour cream
"Toys, toys, toys in the attic/ Toys, toys, toys in the attic." - "Toys in the Attic" by Aerosmith
Servalakshmi Paper Limited has informed the Exchange that the Company has decided to publish Annual Audited Financial Results for the year ended March 31, 2012 within stipulated period of 60 days. Hence the Company is not publishing Un-Audited Financial Results for the Quarter ended March 31, 2012.
There is something unsettling and sad about this sort of glib aestheticism - the view that anything can be justified in the name of art - because the truth is precisely the opposite. To exempt music, and art in general, from moral considerations is not to protect it at all, but to marginalize it and rob it of any ability to engage on a human level.
One sober investigator has examined in great detail many of the best cases of supposed sightings and landings of UFOs, and he says that with few exceptions they can be explained by other means, or are fraudulent. He calls UFOs a “fairy tale for grown-ups,” because 20th-century man – i.e. humanist, agnostic, or atheist – has lost other supposed fairy tales.
First, make the pie crust. If you are not a good crust maker, then a great option is the roll out Pillsbury crusts in the refrigerator section at the grocery. It's hard to tell those from homemade. If using a frozen crust, get it out and let it thaw.
Assembly was very easy, the only tool I needed was a crescent wrench to tighten down the big bolt that secures the swing arm to the section that slides into the receiver.
Those of you who have no idea what I've just said (and that may be the lot of you) can just enjoy our 24/7 stream. It'll be extra-good for the next month. I promise.
I still had a few things that I needed to smuggle in my suitcase. I got my favorite perfume genius, Mandy Aftel of Aftelier to send me more of her rose absolute for the Rutabiyya since it has spoiled me forever from using rosewater (it is the soul of the rose and you need just the smallest drop to flavor your food -- this is my second bottle!).
Do you share a birthday with someone famous and do you feel happy about it? What about zodiac sign and traits? Can you find anything to identify with there?
Then there are the recessed canned lights in the kitchen. Over a year ago, I decided to replace a bulb while B was out of town. We have one of those super long extension rods with special light bulb attachments. I used the nifty spring-loaded one and when doing it, I ripped the can right out of the ceiling. Our ceiling is 16 feet high, so you can imagine how easy that was to fix. We didn’t even try to con anyone to come over to fix that for us. We were going to have a handy man come out to fix it, but never got around to it. Of course, every time my dad was in town, he’d mention it and tell us to fix it. (Why do dads always feel compelled to tell us what we need to do, according to them?) Another canned light burned out in the kitchen last week – so we had two to replace and one can to fix.
and drenching our sleeves;
Spontaneous helps to ensure they stay out of the way.
Yeah, me neither.
- Boneless, skinless chicken breasts
Season with salt and pepper (plenty of it) and then brush beaten egg around the rim. Bring the two sides of the pastry together at the top and seal with your fingers. Now brush all over with more beaten egg.
The times that I get to ride out like that, even when I have to manage kids and dogs while riding, are bliss. These experiences are what assure me that things are ok, and that I'm still where I want to be overall. It's a little bit of sanity, re-injected into my life. It brings me back in touch with myself.
Earth hours, veggie platters, clean laundry and dishes... Frank and the girls are in for a few surprises when they get home. :-)
Protests in Russia
“They threaten anyone who questions the Holocaust and the September 11 event with sanctions and military action.”
Ma though, she weren’t having any. She was off down those steps waving her stick, making sure she got to him first.
The Modern Slave Guide uses the old-school definition of slavery, that is individuals being the property of others.
"Having fun?" my brother asked, and, mortified, I looked over at him standing in the doorway. Stammering for something to say, I pulled my pants up and panicked. It had been just a few months earlier that this dude, Danny LaFollette, had been caught jacking off in the bathrooms at school. It had ruined what little social life he had. And this other guy, Donny Rousch, had done the same thing a week later. And his social life had fallen further. Oh dear God, what if my brother told everyone at school?
Their second mistake was to release the eight minute long "This Month's Epic" as the debut single, launching their career on a very overblown, dramatic flourish which subsequently gained absolutely no airplay, and aggravated the earthy, laddish music press of the time. Although I happen to think "This Month's Epic" is actually one of the finest singles issued in the mid-nineties, they perhaps could have waited until they'd slipped into the public's consciousness with something a bit more snappy. After all, they had snappy pop tunes by the bundle - "Soap Opera" and "Desire" on this album prove that conclusively.
Grab the badge and display it with pride, oh masterful ones! AND don't forget to email me with your postal mailing addresses so that I can get a little prize pack out to you!! My email link is in the sidebar.
Smallprint: Please note that these are human interaction apps that require physical space and a number of human participants. They do not run on phones and other mobile devices. They will cost more than 59p.
"Ok, let's go eat"
We teach children to acknowledge and accept blame when they do something wrong. It is an important and useful trait in life. Those who do not learn this remain emotionally stunted children their entire life. I am, of course, speaking of President Barack Hussein Obama and I shudder to think of the continued damage he can do to the nation during his remaining months in office.
Speaking of discrimination, here's a link to an address that Elder Boyd K. Packer gave at Brigham Young University on 14 January 1977 titled "Follow the Rule", helping to give us a fuller picture:
Charged by the Elders with saving the castle from attack, Tardon and Arianna risk the curse when they traverse the vast outer realm to retrieve serum from the Tree of Life. If successful, the Elders have promised Tardon the right to marry and Arianna the cure for her brother's death fever. Will their love carry them through or will the discovery of a great deception be their ultimate demise?
At least, that's what I think. You may completely disagree. Thus far, I have yet to find anyone who is apathetic toward this beer. People either react like me with a "wow," or they do like my wife and make a yuck face.
The aboriginal Bedrock Bandage had a agnate problem. In adjustment to alleviate all the songs, you had to alleviate them in Apple Tour mode. The botheration was, Apple Tour eventually affected you to play songs on harder to progress, which for me at the time meant a affirmed fail. It wasn't until Bedrock Bandage 2 came out and I was able to consign all the RB1 songs that I assuredly could play some of those songs that to me were unlockable. Bedrock Bandage 2 aswell had an "ALL SONGS" feature, but that came with a concession: online play, annual keeping, and assertive achievements were deactivated if "ALL SONGS" was on.
So abide and be
4. Neck Stretch (one guess what it’s great for)
When you are ready to come back, start paring it down: underlying all of this is one central mis-Belief. Oftentimes it is the belief that we are not worthy, that there is something inherently dissonant in us…when the Truth is that we are the stuff Stars are made of. Complete, whole, perfect, loved…accepted, good enough, strong enough. Messy enough, Awake enough, Asleep enough…it’s all enough. You are enough.
Next, if you are ready, and I mean really psychologically prepared and not just take this lesson as a curiosity, then please do the following (for your own sake):
The whole thing boils down to approximately 1,667 words per day, so it’s actually doable. You end up with something to work with, which is all I’m asking for at this point. If I could have a FINISHED rough draft of something, anything, I would be thrilled. Another cool thing that goes along with it is the sense of community; there are groups you can join, discussions and so on. Writing is so solitary, it’s nice to have that camaraderie now and again.
Even if we didn't have friends like this, we knew kids who knew kids who did this. And while that may not be the main plot of Super 8, the childhood behind that idea is a big part of it.
We had our mail server operational for some time. Yet, the security on the MUA and MTA were still sketchy. We did have TLS enabled on Postfix, but only a dummy certificate. We did not use any of the encryption/security features of Dovecot. Therefore, most of our logins were in plain text and could be known by middlemen wishing to do a little work. It was our desire to engage SSL encryption on both the MTA and the MUA. The use of SSL (Secure Sockets Layer) on both Postfix and Dovecot would enhance our mail security by encrypting the logins and communications of our users as they get and send e-mail.
I find the trees most beautiful at the beginning of spring, a time when many native other plants are also starting to emerge. Hazelnut flowers and Indian Plum buds can also be spotted this time of year, just to name a few. Alders, at this time are covered in beautiful “ornaments” before any leaves appear. These ornaments, also known as catkins, are the male and female flowers. Male flowers are long reddish spikes and females are dense woody cones. This structure is an evolutionary feature of a tree that is wind pollinated.
40. Appreciates that I’m not one of those women who always wears make-up, but accepts that there is nothing wrong with wearing it sometimes.
4.spank your monkey
We are now a family of four mobile phones – with the children now catching buses and getting themselves to various activities we struggled with not being able to contact them – hence they both now have phones, which although they don’t get used that often, do require payments to keep in credit.
allegation is that the training was never held despite the payment
I’m so happy that he has taken this opportunity to try something new and relocate himself and his life to another place. He will be learning how to speak french (I’m envious but I am hoping he can be my pseudo teacher) playing music, and doing a lot of writing.
Followed by an animation of an Egg that I created, this one is 85 frames long.
Pike Pub & Brewery Pike Pale Ale
Telling them that it was necessary to confiscate their pocket money, because they needed to start saving for their pensions right now, was reckless and provocative.
So I pulled in to the cemetery. We walked around, and we approached Myrtle’s girls first. I pointed them out to my wife. Emma and Myrtle’s other “infant daughter” with only one date on her headstone. Then I introduced her to Myrtle. There was a resounding, “Ohhh.”
somewhere better to be
Anyway, started the morning out taking Aidan to his first VBS of the day. I didn't stay. I was afraid lightning may strike or something. Then I took Coby to get his new Xbox game and controller (trade from some other crap he got at GameStop a few weeks ago that didn't work and games he's already mastered or won?), then got my previously blogged about freebies.
Chris Kreussling (AKA Flatbush Gardener) is a garden coach with more than 30 years gardening experience in NYC. Chris is also the Directory of the Urban Gardens and Farms initiative of Sustainable Flatbush and a community member of the Healthy Soils, Healthy Communities advisory board, a project of the Cornell Waste Management Institute, and earned a BBG Certificate in Horticulture, 2009.
Public outrage over the death of a 13-year-old girl shoves him into the spotlight as the one of best investigators in the country, but when he uncovers her secret life as an online prostitute catering to pedophiles, he finds the public attitude changes quickly. And when all clues point towards someone from the largest television ministry on the East Coast the change becomes dramatic. A general fear of what might come out of this flock spurs politicians and religious leaders to obstruct his investigation at every turn.
(I’m the only person how hasn’t use the Spuc-Off pun, tiz a good one though!)
reveals what has been there all along
Our flight course took nine-hours, plus the 6 hrs. ahead of my body clock didn't help.
So for those who actually read:
enjoy it as most of the time was spent in the office – only managed to eat out for two of the five nights I was there, it was take in pizza the rest of the time). As it happened yesterday was OK weatherwise hereabouts, but in the end I didn’t feel the need to haul myself out of bed at stupid o’clock for car booty action because I had already sated my vinyl urge very well at the local chazzas on Friday and
But then, the following week, in early December, it happened again. And stopped again.
Hopefully it won't go bad before I send it to NHC.
Last August, I wrote this post about how I think we should view government as an overhead expense. Yesterday, Edward wrote the following response to that post:
711 D-II/4/1976. Discussion of current events with Gore Vidal, John Bartlow Martin, and Irving Kupcinet. Kup’s Show, Channel 5-TV, Chicago, Illinois. (Incorporated in Item C-1977(2), above, pp. 355-59.)
- More cinnamon!
Socks: E40, E41
Imperial Guard
Yes, it was the "Really Big Show's" Tony Rizzo and sidekick/producer Aaron Goldhammer subbing for Premiere Radio's Jim Rome again on Thursday.
Emotionally fuelled by YouTube videos of celebrities charging through the streets of New York (Mike Myers, Sean Lennon, who has inherited a life of total luxury in the Dakota Building overlooking Central Park), protestors yelled ‘we are the 99%’ to the blindingly indifferent slouching in their offices in Cities across the Western Hemisphere. It felt like a rather half-hearted delayed response to ‘hero’ of the movement, Michael Moore’s Capitalism: A Love Story (2009), and one can’t help wonder if any of them would be willing to join the marches of their Arab brothers and sisters across the Middle East as well.
In Japan, many Japanese who study English take TOEIC test for proving their English skills for their careers or just improving their English.
The iconic blue bridge is soon to be replaced with something that will not be so blue, yet regardless of when it goes it will always live on as I hoist a pint of Spinnakers Blue Bridge Double Pale Ale.
Why are there so many infertile couples all over the place?
A quick search on google can show you multiple options for foragers in your area. Another fun offshoot of foraging is mushroom hunting. There are many groups devoted to the activity as well as festivals. Because mushroom hunting can be extremely dangerous if you don’t know what you’re looking at, attending events where you can learn about poisonous lookalikes while seeing the “real” mushroom is a good stepping stone for novices.
Don’t scratch hard or you peel scales
Jesus chose the time of the Jewish Feast of Passover to fulfill what he had announced at Capernaum – giving his disciples his body and his blood as the true bread of heaven. Jesus’ passing over to his Father by his death and resurrection – the new passover – is anticipated in the Last Supper and celebrated in the Eucharist or Lord’s Supper, which fulfills the Jewish Passover and anticipates the final Passover of the church in the glory of God’s kingdom. When the Lord Jesus commands his disciples to eat his flesh and drink his blood, he invites us to take his life into the very center of our being. That life which he offers is the very life of God himself. Do you hunger for the bread of life?
Anyway, after an hour or two at home James decided to massage the swollen foot as directed by the vet and, all of a sudden, there was terrible mess! After a bit of mopping up there was a very much improved Oscar! It seems there must have been a huge boil inside his paw which wasn’t evident to any of us today. So perhaps he’ll live to fight another day!
This blog needs a whole lot of updating, so I've decided to set up a new home at wordpress. So please crossover see my new blog it'sabouttime
I hope you enjoyed this card. It was fun and I was delighted with the way the bubbles turn out. Thank you for stopping by and don't forget to come back tomorrow and see what special treat Kelli has in store!
Have a great week!
That pretty much tells you all you need to know from one who has the trained ear and eye for musicianship and entertainment value. But let me just add one little phrase I woke up with in my head this morning.
I think the most important point to be made about “being ripped” is that there is no physiological process known as getting ripped. You often hear guys at the gym ask each other “What are you working on today?” Sometimes the response is “I’m focusing on biceps and triceps” if they are doing muscle group isolations. Sometimes they’ll say they are “doing an all-cardio day.” But how many times have you also heard someone respond “I’m just working on getting ripped. Trying to trim up a bit.” In casual conversation that makes sense. Physiologically it has no foundation, though.
I am okay. (if you know me at all, that is code for I am not okay, not one little bit). But I am still breathing and brushing my teeth and hair each day. I am just so far down that I can't look up and see even a tiny amount of daylight. I live this life of mine the same each day, sitting here, waiting for God-only-knows what, to rescue me. So far, that has not happened. I don't really believe it will happen, not anymore. Pain has taken my life completely over, and I live for the next pill.
An initial sniff of the bottle gave off a heavy fruity smell with just a hint of alcohol. Some online reviews of this wine have indicated that it really benefits from extended exposure to air, so I am going to pour a fishbowl-sized glass and then will let the glass sit out for a good while before I actually drink it.
Good way. My mom and I went to the garden the other day….Whoah, hold up. Let me see your hand. Oh God your hand is huge. It’s like bigger than mine. Shut up. Oh, I know who to go to when I need a pickle jar opened. They’re not that big. Shut up.
You can also find castella on
MA: If Screws: The Musical ever gets made, whom would you like to play you and why? And Lupert - it's a pity Wilfrid Hyde-White is not around, though I don't think his Aussie accent would've persuaded. To play James Murdoch I would resurrect Max Headroom - but you're probably too young to remember him....
I mentioned checking on cattle, well, 2 new calves arrived yesterday afternoon and one landed early this morning. I’ll have images soon but as instructed, I need to leave them alone for a little while to bond with momma. It’s tough to stay away but I know it’s best. Happy Friday my friends!
As for how to make them, there really isn't much secret here. I'll share how I make them, but everyone does it differently.
Overall Height: a petite 5.25"
5) "They May Put Me In Prison, But They Can't Stop My Face From Breakin' Out" - artist again unknown... or just in hiding.
As this week’s long day at the hospital progressed, however, I began to feel a bit guilty about my upgrade, even to the point of feeling bad about my early-thirties, skinny-jeaned, shoulder-length-haired presence in the chemo room – which, I’ve got to say, is a world away from the place in which I was treated in 2008: gone are the peeling yellow walls and uncomfortable, edge-of-the-room chairs facing in; now it’s all recliners and personal TV screens and five-star style. Even three years down the line, I’m still the youngest patient in the room – but this time, thankfully, I’m not there for chemo (that’s something that comes home with me and is taken in tablet form, with the second cycle starting this evening), but instead for my bone treatment. Which is a rather daft thing to feel self-conscious about but, as my fellow patients in the room begin to look iller and balder and paler as their chemo does its thing, I will – or at least I hope I will – look much the same with every three-weekly visit, like some kind of cheating chemo pretender.
Having days like that aren’t a bad thing if they are occasional however if they happen everyday you are risking putting yourself in a bad position when it comes to your recovery and or healing.
- Analyze GL entries (month-end, accruals, payroll entries, deferred expenses);
If you plan on being published in the next few years you should know that some e-book companies and publishers are preparing to add advertisements into eBooks. Imagine reading a book and an ad for soda pop comes up on the screen. These ads have both plusses and minuets.
My love for steampunk doesn't rest at books and tv though - check out these recent purchases ;)
- Helen Steiner Rice I think one of the reasons this reminded me of my mother is because she never had very many earthly possessions but she had great faith and lots of love to share. The older I get the more I realize how short this life is and the importance of storing up treasures above as the Bible says to do. My mother had a lot of treasure stored up above and I believe she is enjoying it now. But I also believe the greatest treasure she has is being with her Lord.
Pros: Celebrates a great man’s work at desegregating theUnited Statesand bringing all races together.
I'm thinking we were 'randomly selected' because of the death rays I was sending to the TSA agents. Bitches, I don't need a bomb, I WILL KILL YOU WITH MY EYES. After that pat down, I really hope I'm not pregnant.
I would swim all day, play cards with my Grandpa.
The fennec fox is a sandy nocturnal desert fox, immortalized in Antoine de Saint-Exupéry’s “The Little Prince” as the fox who wanted to be tamed.
Thank you so much Kim for talking to us today! I can't wait to see the new home accessories line and your new shows on HGTV airing this Fall.
we’d seen it in the video.
Q. What do you feel is Nigeria’s biggest problem?
Joe, thinking she was talking about his boat said: "Hell no!! Fact is I'm sort of glad to be rid of her. She was a rotten old thing from the beginning. Her bottom was all shrivelled up and she smelled like old dead fish. She was always holding water. She had a bad crack in the back and a pretty big hole in the front too. Every time I used her, her hole got bigger and she leaked like crazy. I guess what finally finished her off was when I rented her to those four guys who were looking for a good time. I warned them that she wasn't very good and smelled bad. But they wanted her anyway. The darn fools tried to get in her all at one time and she split right up the middle!"
Jennifer It's creative, inspiring, challenging (or as challenging as you want it to be), practical...but it was always that way, so why popularity now? Hmmm.
of drops touching every leaf and tree in
For the Cherry Mousse filling:
But what’s truly disheartening is the sense that, if it were President Romney, and he had put the Massachusetts model to work nationally, we probably a) wouldn’t have so many – if any – states attorneys-general lined up to fight it and b) there’s very little doubt that the court would uphold it. This is, after all, the health reform plan essentially created by the Heritage Foundation, for crying out loud. They applauded Romney’s efforts in Massachusetts, praising individual elements, like the mandate and exchanges, that they later opposed when they were being proposed by a Democrat and passed by a Democratically controlled congress.
I said back in February that Davey was going to lose his job because they were outsourcing it. Apparently the outsourcing company had this machine that had been down for 3 weeks, and the company had lost millions of dollars due to it, so they got rid of the outsourcing company and let the Cat employees fix it. They had it back and running the next day. So Davey (for now anyway) is in no danger of losing his job. Phew!
Old Nice is filled with narrow cobbled lanes that intersect in a completely confusing way. It’s pretty difficult to find your way around – luckily it’s pretty contained by one busy highway and the ocean, so you can only get so lost.
Are they the victims of a sinister crime wave? Have they had a mishap at sea and fallen overboard, or perhaps chosen to take their own lives?
Lanza likes to cite The Grand Design, in which Hawking and Mlodinow advocate a “model-dependent realism.” (A number of posts on The Grand Design have appeared here. The January 2011 article “The many worlds of M-theory” concludes with a complete list.)
The Greer card is a foil-board card and is a parallel insert set. It's a pretty nice card, and it is definitely better than the Appier card. 7-5 Pinnacle now opening up a bit of a lead as we enter the final pack of Stadium Club.
They were in their mid 90's.
The Doctor V the Alliance
General Gordon Square in the centre of Woolwich is dominated by this building of 1935. It was the headquarters of the Woolwich Equitable Building Society (remember 'I'm with the Woolwich'?). Founded in 1847, they had become the third largest society in the country by the early 1930s. These grand new offices reflected that status.
235g plain flour
"As an example, we currently have a story of a Korean kid who was adopted into an Italian family in Pennsylvania. He grew up 100% culturally Italian while looking very Korean to his peers. He won the outstanding Italian American scholarship for college and accepted the award in front of a room full of confused old Italians. Hilarity ensues and lessons are learned."
On to more religious things. Yesterday I was talking with Ava about Palm Sunday (today). We talked about what happened on Palm Sunday - the donkey, the palm branches, the shouts of Hosanna! Ava's question: "Were there fireworks?"
That’s what we’ve been seeing on world markets since Thursday trading began in Asia; this morning it hit the US with the kind of sickening thud we remember too well from 2008. Amid the general hurricane of bad economic news a few things stand out.
the last track of side A COULD be 3 tracks...or maybe a part of the previous track. either way, all of the original release is here. if i screwed up, well whatever, at least its preserved somewhat.
as a brotherhood and a sisterhood,
Barretto, Santiago, and Tulfo spiced up the summer ending with a rage at the Ninoy Aquino International Airport Terminal 3 last Sunday. The fight started when Tulfo saw Barretto arguing with a flight attendant about her off-loaded luggage. Tulfo brought out his camera to take a photo (according to him) and not a video. Santiago, the husband of Barretto, together with 6 other, confronted Tulfo. According to Tulfo, Santiago demanded to get his phone and they started attacking him when he refused to give in. According to Barretto, Tulfo threatened them saying “’Hindi niyo kilala ang kinakalaban niyo, matakot kayo.”
Words omitted: 22!
The finished product reminded me of a song I liked in high school (and still today): DC Talk's "Colored People":
How you have
So tell me...
That trade is not the only gain
Ten victims, each with pale skin and long dark hair. All have been slashed across the throat, the same red lipstick smeared across their lips.
Anyway, back to where we started. Two superphones, one Android crown. The HTC One X managed to come to the market first, while the Galaxy S III is a little late, but has plenty to show for it. We’re tempted to play it safe and split it equal. The HTC One X: this is what a droid flagship should look like. The Samsung Galaxy S III: that’s what a droid flagship should perform like. But that won’t be fair to either of them. They didn’t get where they are by playing it safe.
I’ll also be producing and publishing my first two official audiobooks as well this month. These will be, I think, a fairly basic recording of M&L, followed by a fancier production of the next CITY WEDDING novel. More details on that as the plans progress.
Hebrews 10:24 and let us consider how to stimulate one another to love and good deeds ,
Doesn't everyone throw a party for their dog's first birthday?! If they don't, they should and if they do, it should include a dog-themed cake, of course. Our friend Jason knows how to throw a party, and he did just that for his pooch Sydney, a creamy, yellow lab.
The son of a goat cannot be a dog. One of my sons said the day the son of an elephant is born, that day the son of elephant is already bigger than the son of a cow. The son of an elephant cannot be like the son of a cat.
Hence we have 'the rule of thumb'
Astro has a contractual obligation with the BBC, and that contractual obligation would usually include a proviso that news reports are used as is or not at all.
Don't worry, I'll keep you posted.
Ben “Yes.” (Bill and Ben look at each other and do very short happy dance.)
Go France!
I’ve known Mark for almost 26 years. We were very young, in high school actually when I first met him. And it was a love at first sight, that grew, and we never knew that it was going to turn into sharing our lives together.
Slippery, arbitrary, his boundary line between Sick and Well. He himself is miserable and alone, equates pleasure with gonadal sensations, thinks joy is — or should be — breathlessly rare. But he works and pays taxes and is the Arbiter of Acceptable Experience. “I’ve decided it’s not ok for you to see things others can’t, it’s not a good way to be.”
I've resorted to cunning measures to cram the goodness into them whether they like it or not. There is a delicious recipe for pasta sauce made from squash, with onions in there too - it tastes sweet and creamy - the perfect hiding place for veggies heading for toddler lips. Mind you, what works one day won't work the next. Oh I've learnt my lesson; no complacency here thanks.
1.) Preheat oven to 375
I have no idea! I'll look them up..... OK, I'm back. Austin's a Scorpio, Savannah's a Gemini, Jackson's a Leo, Lexington's a Gemini, Clay's a Capricorn, and Brooklyn's an Aquarius.
Row 4: K in a post-brunch coma/Super Secret Surprise Date for K Part 1: Nopalitos/Super Secret Surprise Date for K Part 2: WULYF at the Independent
Yoochun bowed again. “Yes, thank you very much elder.” He left.
Nice!
The officers new term officially begins at the NAFA I&E in St. Louis (April 21-24, 2012).
by Grant Morrison & Cameron Stewart, 2004
The description that makes you stop and reread just because it is heartrendingly perfect.
"Our dealership staff members were not involved in this theft issue; the staff members from the security company have been dismissed.
I just love the ease in this. It’s about surrender which – though I can’t say I practice as well as I’d like - I do believe in. It’s that softer touch, going with the flow. Acceptance of what is going on is the only sane way to live. Anything else is useless, and perhaps bordering on madness. We haven’t yet figured out how to bend space. You can exert effort, but you are not often enough to change the course of things. You can only affect its path a little.
like a cat she never does learn
Quin - Worms in our house (?)
I crucified myself with that offer.. But there was just NO WAY AROUND IT, the drive was too strong, I needed him immediately.. it was like someone else took hold of my thoughts and controlled me, I had a tremendous amount of pressure to be with him… i couldnt eat, sleep or think because of it.. I couldnt live..
I went into a chat room, for I had some time to spare.
Alright, so...writing this review is going to be hard. I knew it would be, because writing reviews for books you love is extremely difficult. Writing reviews for books you adore is damn near impossible. I cannot imagine covering in words all the things I want to say or all the things this book made me feel. It just was everything I hoped it was going to be, everything I thought it was going to be, and then some.
You scare me because you want to change America to a European style country where the government sector dominates instead of the private sector.
As you enter, you can either go right to the bohemia-meets-fifties' diner- style restaurant or turn left to the bar area, which includes wireless access for those who need to connect to the real world. The basement is only open for special arrangements, among others a recent beer tasting evening. With all these things going, the establishment takes a deserved rest on Sundays and Mondays.
It's been awhile since my last post. I have to admit, I've been getting lazy about it. Now that the kids are so mobile, it's difficult to find time to sit down and sort thru pics, type something up or edit a video clip.
If you've seen some of my heavily encrusted beaded pieces of art, you'll know that I'm a bit addicted to beads (and if you haven't, click on the BJP 2012 tab at the top of the page). When I first decided to join the Bead Journal Project back in December, I treated myself to a copy of Lyric Kinard's Bead It Like You Mean It DVD so I could get some more information and inspiration. I am a self taught beader and thought it might be a good idea to learn a few things about how to bead to get the results I was seeking and how to make sure I was securing the beads so that they wouldn't start coming off later on. I worried about my heavily encrusted pieces starting to fall apart over time. LOL
It made a wonderful dinner that night just with mashed potatoes and rocket garnish to soak up the gravy, and cold it was the star of salad the following night. I pulled the last of the flesh from the carcass and boiled the bones for stock, then froze the lot for a final future feast from my birdy of risotto with wild mushrooms.
A: I’ve always been more drawn to the female form than the male form, artistically-speaking. I went to school for fashion design, focusing primarily on women's wear, so drawing women is very natural to me. I love the curves: sensual and sinuous. The clothing also goes hand-in-hand with my background. Instead of just nudes, I like how they add a playfulness to the images, making a celebration of the women.
That hyper-modern news outlet the Onion has an old-fashioned seasonal book out, Christmas Exposed. A compilation of spoof Christmas stories from the past decade, it's rather a hit-or-miss affair (and somewhat adolescent at times), but there are some cracking entries, graced with such surreal headlines such as "Feds uncover secret Santa ring" and "Vatican employees unable to relax at party with pope around". Some of the topicality has faded, but a story such as "Christmas brought to Iraq by force" still retains much of its original bite.
What snacks do you enjoy? (I could use more ideas).
Eh. It's like a bock was mixed with a cheap Euro golden lager. Lighter in feel and taste than any bock should be, with more adjuncts than anything by the taste. Odd bitterness that shouldn't be there, and then it's gone except for the wet cardboard bitterness.
The executive director of the National Scholastic Press Association provided Fox News with joint statement from the Journalism Education Association that was sent to members – after a number of people complained about Savage’s remarks.
Three days ago ( April 22 ) was Earth Day. I didn’t have the opportunity to talk much about it here, which is unfortunate. Earth Day has its use, even though I think it misses the whole point. Earth will most probably never die until the very end. Earth isn’t in danger yet. Earth saw it all. Earth has many scars to prove it. Earth received its share of cataclysms, but it has an extremely tough skin and humanity will die way before it does. It is us, the living beings who are guests to this planet. We, and the other living organisms inhabiting Earth, are the ones who are in danger. She removed dinosaurs from her surface and she can do the same to us anytime.
Remove from heat and season with salt and pepper. Let cool slightly.
Two very useful references are:
I read 5 books this month, 4 of them on my Kindle Fire. And I didn't like it, and I'm thinking that's why I didn't read more... Middle Sis and I disagree a bit on the value of a Kindle reader - I ABSOLUTELY want people to read and if they're going to read on an electronic reader, so be it. I'm okay with that. I rank it up there with Goosebumps books: there are no real socially redeeming characteristics about the Kindle (or Goosebumps books), EXCEPT perhaps non-readers might read using their reader, and that is, of course, most definitely more redeeming than not. I will be a Kindle reader while traveling, especially because if I finish a book, I can easily just buy another, without having to carry a spare or two in my carry-on, but I predict you're going to see a huge reduction in "Kindle" titles in my monthly reading lists over the next month or so...
It's 11:30am and so far so good. Hope springs eternal.
I smile. "Thanks babe!" I offer.
Add flour to thicken your sauce if required.
I was driving in the car today and had a revelation, listening to this very sweet song for the first time (no I do not know this baby, just close your eyes and listen to the song!):
on the north-west coast. It was quite a long distance, which meant for us children leaving friends and familiar places definitively behind us. It also meant going to a new school – and that shortly before the end of a school year.
Ray Charles - The Cincinnati Kid
But I'm curious what other people think. Do you have fond memories of your senior year of high school? Do you think your children will?
In spite of the cold and cloudy conditions of the last days I found my first rose of the season today. This vine is at the entrance to the downstairs apartment.
All that to say, I am thankful for the chances my kids have to go to Sunday school and children's church. I am thankful for the workers that partner with me to teach my children. I am thankful that I am surrounded by like minded people that those programs are just a part of the spiritual training of my kids, but I am so thankful that they are a part. It might not take a village to raise Wildcat and Kapooka, but I sure couldn't do it without my church family.
This week, The Classroom Bookshelf is doing something a little different! In addition to reviewing two books on the Titanic, to help teachers take advantage of the “teachable moment” the 100th anniversary provides this month, we are providing author interviews. Deborah Hopkinson and Melissa Stewart both graciously agreed to answer our questions about the research and writing of their Titanic books. We hope that these interviews, one in print and one on video, will help you to consider the many roles these two books can play in your classroom. If you scroll down further, you will find our usual selection of Teaching Invitations and Further Explorations.
Aren't those wonderful? When I show this quilt in the show this summer, I'm listing her as the co-creator. She found energy in the quilt and let it be seen. I am totally blown away by the work she did.
One thing that I must get out there is that I am a fanatic when it comes to Transformers. I pretty much lived for Transformers as a kid and even to this day I have will totally geek out over them. I have been spending far too much money in my adult years amassing a collection that I wished I had as a kid but didn’t because my parents probably hated me or something. In all seriousness I was the youngest in my family so I am sure by the time I came along they were pretty burnt out on the kid crap so it was a bit tougher to get the buy me stuff.
I had a goal to have gelato everyday while I was there, and I was one day off from achieving that goal. It was insanely delicious. When I was in Italy in 2007 I had gelato about twice a day, so I already knew I was in love with it. I had about a million different flavors: strawberry, chocolate, espresso, tiramisu, lemon, mandarin orange, chocolate chip, some thing with raspberry and mascarpone cheese, and a few other I’m sure I’m missing.
Previous versions of windows allowed you to take a screenshot that you press on the print screen key and then paste the image file in paint or any other software in order to save the screenshot. As far as Windows 8 is concerned, simply press the windows key as well as the print screen key at the exact same time and the screenshot is directly saved as an image file in your pictures folder.
Then he said I really did hear that it was good. OK... so why ask me?
Hope you enjoy my creations and until next time.
Entry point was just to the side of the nail bed, exit point (sort of, it didn’t so much penetrate as tear) is the big red blob near the tip of the finger.
So come on education, stop experimenting with virtual classrooms and begin introducing them into normal everyday teaching practice. Then you will begin to prepare the nation’s youth for a world of work where we can offer cheap, effective blended and e-learning solutions.
Right there ye’ve got t’ bring ‘em up t’ women good, an’ men;
for you on this still-dark
(h/t CHA)
Why have we created this Blog? The Winsor Report is the reason why and I urge you to watch these two short video which will help you to understand the anger being felt by police officers and staff nationwide. At the end ask yourself this question, Could I, Would I put up with that if it was forced upon me without any consultation from the Government?
Out of the 4 shades, I was most drawn to Exquis. It's a beautiful and complex shade that's very fitting for Fall. Merveille is a little too bright for me, which I think is more fitting for Summer or Spring. Apparat is also another gorgeous Fall/Winter shade that can easily be worn for a wedding or Christmas party. I think Or Divin will be very soft and flattering for lighter skin ladies. For me, it brings out too much of the yellow in my skin tone. I also found this shade to be streakier and more difficult to work with compared to the other 3. In fact, it also took the longest to dry.
when the sculpturer drives
Until this story's end
Last but not least, I Use NFP will be up & running any day now! I’ve been dragging my feet getting my piece together (there’s a lot going on) but fortunately smarter, more capable, more competent women than I have written some awesome pieces for it. So get over there & get registered for the RSS feed (full disclosure, I have no idea how that works, so I can’t help you with it) because it’s gonna be very cool!
able to know ourselves fully as we are, especially the evil side of us.
The East side of Berlin had a whole different vibe -- more subdued, more serious, less trusting.
The socioeconomic development framework requires that the benefits can be generated and shared within the basin (and within the basin states – the two not being synonymous), and that the benefits can be targeted to local-level socioeconomic developments that address very real problems of poverty reduction. Under the Shared Vision Program (SVP) of the Nile Basin Initiative the Socioeconomic Development and Benefit Sharing Project document states that:
Personally, this is a time when NASCAR listens too much to the fans. These packages the teams have to use creates a ticking time bomb for accidents. What do the fans want? Crashes! What about racing? Let’s see a team beat another because of skill rather than winning by default because half the field was taken out. Praise God they latest safety measures are in place, otherwise a few drivers probably would have been killed this year already (Danica Patrick/Eric McClure).
Add to that, this past weekend I moved into my new digs and ran smack-dab into my past. Nostalgia in the bottom of boxes undisturbed for almost two years. Like a live CD of my baby sister (gone now for three years) crooning with her band; a sentimental scrapbook from 25 WriterGrrls who sent me off to Florida feeling valued and uplifted; and handwritten love letters that make me wonder if I'll ever again be someone's first and only choice. Yeah, waterworks.
Apple still leads the way in aesthetics and design, although a new even sleeker upgraded iPad 2 is expected in the next month or two. They also have advantages in hardware-software integration and hence a better user experience, and their massive app store ecosystem. On the profits side, Apple also have cost/volume advantages in component supplies not only due to the number of iPads being made but also some of the components that it shares with other Apple products. This will make it difficult for competing companies to match quality and price of device.
But first, let me go over the practical side of things. (Yeah, yeah, I know...I gotta go spoil the moment...)
Beau met with an orthopedic surgeon on Wednesday to discuss removing the tumor that is in his arm bone. They have decided to do it this Monday, August 9th. The surgery will invlove removing 17 cm of Beau's right upper arm bone, starting at the ball in the shoulder joint and extending downward, as well as tissue surrounding the tumor site. The bone will be replaced with a rod of some sort. Beau will spend 5 to 7 days in the hosiptal in Houston. He will have to wear a sling for 6 weeks and then begin 4 to 6 months of rehab back at home.
Wind blasted up the hillside and shattered into whispers on the hedge that lined the canal path. It was impossible to forget how near the Second Realm was. Rel shifted the leather strap of his backpack, trying to loosen his already-stiff shoulder. His boots slapped in the puddles and sucked in the mud of the path.
I love making tags as they are super quick yet are really effective on those small gifts.
And fly me straight to heaven…
THE GIFTED DEVELOPMENT CENTER has published its March communique, noting that GDC now offers all of their articles as free downloads from their website. Also in the newsletter: Anne Beneventi writes on the Annemarie Roeper method of qualitative assessment. Read more.
There has been some compensation for U.S. veteran victims of Agent Orange, but not nearly enough. In spite of President Richard Nixon’s 1973 promise of $3.25 billion in reconstruction aid to Vietnam “without any preconditions,” the Vietnamese and Vietnamese-American victims of the disgraceful chemical warfare the United States conducted in Vietnam have not seen one penny of compensation.
Then I opened it and someone had lined the lid with Italian stationery in a design I also love (and have used lots over the years, and still own a bit of something similar). I would have taken that as a sign to BUY IT, years back. This time I took it as a sign to think warm thoughts, take its photo, and leave it for someone else.
Spain holds the key to whether we are going to be a planet of 3% masters and 97% drugged, half-educated serfs thirty years from now.
Not really sure what kind of lizard I'm paying homage to... I kind of think it's more of a Winter vs. Summer kind of thing going on here, with some nice glowy gold and green inside.
Egypt is the birthplace of civilization. Since a child of eight browsing through the history books of my public library, up to the television series Stargate, I have avidly devoured ancient Egyptian history and culture. To realize that I'll be standing where Pharaohs once tread in Cairo, and where Alexander the Great, Julius Caesar and Cleopatra roamed in Alexandria is truly a dream come true!
The first is for unlawful assembly.
A bit more time up get or keep my time day schedule on track, then to bed. I will be ready for it. Quite the little deal, for me anyway. Oh, for me, about a dozen eggs to five pounds of potatoes ended up being (again, to my tastes) just about the perfect match.
3) Make revisions to my non-fiction project based on feedback and my own editing of it. - Bumped back from April.
Wild Honey dates from that post-Pet Sounds period (1967); in it, Brian Wilson has become less of a driving creative force (it's his first album since Surfin' USA in which he wasn't the sole producer), allowing his brother Carl to emerge as a kind of white soul brother in tracks like "Darlin'," "How She Boogalooed It" and an unexpected remake of Stevie Wonder's "I Was Made to Love Her." It's really, really slight, with 11 brief cuts spanning all of about 24 minutes. The whole thing frankly feels like a bit of a throwaway—but what an infectious throwaway it is! Ramshackle-sounding compared to the more technically immaculate Pet Sounds, yet endlessly charming especially in its integration of R&B elements, Wild Honey is an endlessly catchy blast of The Beach Boys' usual all-American innocence, which must have sounded defiantly retro amid the tumultuous '60s. But an understanding of the historical period surrounding this album isn't necessary for an appreciation of its relatively modest yet unforgettable splendors. (And could its slightness be deliberate? Maybe there's a reason the album ends with an a cappella "Poof!")
Unstable emotional experiences and frequent mood changes; emotions that are easily aroused, intense, and/or out of proportion to events and circumstances.
As a final note, I watched this on a free movie channel on the Roku. This channel, Drive-In Classics, cuts into the film at regular intervals with advertising. I don’t much mind the ads, except that many of them cut off halfway through and take a long time to queue up. It would bother me a lot less if someone would find good places to slip the ads in. Frequently, the ads show up in the middle of someone’s line or a tense sequence, which sort of kills the mood.
"We do not want to be assimilated, we want to remain citizens of Serbia," said Lazar Ampovski, 26, a student, after casting his ballot.
This is the entry way to Kalia's Room. Both items on the hallway walls were gifts from Kalia's baby showers.
We are gaining
Things are always hopping over here at our house it seems! We're never short on news. We had the inspection for the house today. It looks as though everything came back okay! Now, we just have to wait for the appraisal to come in under the max. value for the USDA loan program we're using. We're getting there! Still trying to hold in my excitement until we have the keys in our hand. :) I found out that the elementary school in Kingfisher is amazing and the principal is a very involved member at the Life network church there in town. I'm also planning on putting Miss A and Maggie in Pre-K together this fall in Kingfisher. I think it will be great for both of them and for mommy. :) We had a visit with Miss A's and Baby K's caseworker today and found out that the plan their mom will be working will be a minimum of 6 months. I was so relieved to know that they're not leaving anytime soon.
I worked up a sweat, got some training in, and then headed home.
Ice Cream, Assorted flavors
I want him to learn what “no” means, but when we try to teach him and tell him no he just smiles this Cheshire cat smile and continues to be mischievous and just downright defiant. We refuse to spank him, and so we will pull him away from whatever he is doing and that’s simply not working either.
“What are you trying to prove?”
And now you know why it's not always the same song that pops into my head.
José H: If Captains Kirk (circa 1968) and Reynolds (circa 2003) get into an argument and end up in fisticuffs, who would win?
I understand, I really do. Love is hard. It's work, and it often doesn't work out. I've been really lucky, though. Twenty-two years ago (sheesh, but I'm old), the hubby and I had just started dating (Jan. 19th was our first day, if you remember, the Eve of St. Agnes). Nearly a month later, we were going to a party together at a friend's house, and I spent a panicked week trying to figure out what to give him.
Like any other drug, your body will developed a resistance to the effects of the caffeine, and quite quickly too. I am not sure anymore if coffee actually gives me a high or if when I wake up in the morning I am somewhat ‘hungover’ from the last days coffee and the coffee I have during the day is just making me feel sober again (kind of like that theory that the best thing to do if you are hungover from alcohol is to have another drink).
“I am Beverly Johnson,” Beverly replied, catching him in the blatant lie. She’d never met the man in her life. Beverly says there was dead silence on the phone for literally three minutes as he tried to figure out how to respond.
I read a news article on the BBC today and i was shocked to see that Motorola Mobility has been granted an injunction against the sale of Xbox 360 games and console and windows 7 and Media Player also Internet Explorer in germany.
“Jesus said, "I am the Bread of Life. The person who aligns with me hungers no more and thirsts no more, ever. I have told you this explicitly because even though you have seen me in action, you don't really believe me. Every person the Father gives me eventually comes running to me. And once that person is with me, I hold on and don't let go. I came down from heaven not to follow my own whim but to accomplish the will of the One who sent me.”
I received a copy of the Uff Report in my email on Saturday and several other concerned citizens as well, so it seems that some publicly-minded person wanted to ensure that it was not either suppressed or edited. Thank you, whoever you are.
And yet, the world acts as though it were snowing pupils of the Turkish faith, for it pleases the reason extraordinarily well that Christ should not be God, as the Jews also believe, and especially is Reason pleased with the thought that men are to rule and bear the sword and get up in the world; then the devil pushes it along. Thus a faith is patched together out of the faith of Jews, Christians and heathen. He gets it from the Christians when he praises Christ and Mary and the apostles and other saints. He gets it from the Jews that people are not to drink wine, are to fast the certain times of the year, wash like the Nazarites, and eat off the ground, and go on with such holy works as part of our monks do and hope for everlasting life at the Judgment Day, for, holy people that they are, they believe in the resurrection of the dead, though few of the papists believe in it.
Burnt Umber
2. gently fry off the onions in about 1tbsp oil, adding the peppers and the mushrooms. Add the quorn pieces or your chicken (once you’ve cut it up) making sure that it is cooked properly in the pan. Then add the spice mix and let everything cook for another minute or so, mixing things around continuously.
My love doesn't hold grudges like I do.
Piccadilly Radio Session (June 4, 1979) (First Studio Session)
‘We need to do a lot more to prevent preterm births, such as improving health care access for all, bringing down rates of smoking and issues of unnecessary C-sections and inductions,’ Howson said.
During the quarter ended March 31, 2012, SkyWest achieved the following milestones:
5. If you have socially unacceptable attitudes, you shouldn't broadcast them. It's 2009, but there are still racists, sexists, and mean people in this world. Those attitudes are socially unacceptable, and if you choose to post them publicly, you might not have many friends. Two local DJs made that mistake, and there has been quite the buzz about it. I'm not going to debate whether what was said was actually intended to be a racial comment. Regardless, some listeners were offended. I feel that I can pull a Delfina's pizza stunt in which the employees wore their negative reviews on a shirt, and I'm going to link to a racially insensitive post written about myself. Since it is about me, I won't be hurting anyone else's feelings by using it. I'd also like to mention that I am Asian, and the writer's husband also proceeded to make sexual arm gestures and hip gyrating moves during the interaction. The two local DJs and the author of the blog post have committed a serious social blunder.
Here are the kids at my parents house Easter morning. We go to their house bright and early for a big breakfast and egg hunt with my sisters kids. I am not a breakfast person but every Easter I look forward to the great breakfast they have.
My lovely neighbor Jenn and a gaggle of choir kids and chaperones have spent the past week in New York City, continuously posting photo after photo of themselves in iconic spots: atop the Empire State Building, in Times Square, at the Natural History Museum.
Kit Meinem is in charge of building a massive bridge over the great river bisecting the empire that employs him. This has never been done, because the river is covered in "mist." Mist is a misnomer; this layer is lighter than water, but still dense enough to support boats on its shifting surface and strange varieties of "fish" beneath. The "fish" are poorly understood, especially the largest and most dangerous, which the locals unimaginatively call "Big Ones."
Bottom line, Mr. & Mrs. Foodie will be back really soon.
Twenty Eleven has really made me a transformed person as far as my writing habit is concerned. I have been very consistent. I am no longer shy about sharing my works; I feel free to let any person read the stuff I write.
We are using the NESTA Toolkit as a resource to help us to plan and start our creative businesses. I have been working my way through book one and two and all the worksheets.
梁朝伟 Tony Leung as Chang Hsien, a magician who just return from Europe. His magic impress many people in the town and also he is working with some unknown organization! His actual purpose is searching for Yin!
Lord, thank You for Your unfailing love! Thank You for the reminders You send us daily to see Your love and hope in the midst of any circumstances. You are so good! Amen.
Again, the juxtaposition of odd elements, which aren't usually commonly perceived to go together. Like brawn and brains. Bloggers and sense. Lady Gaga and taste. And so on.
and you are a lily, an aster, white trillium
One of the problems which you don't read about is that before he has the tests or treatments, he has to come off his medication for a couple of weeks beforehand. This leaves him with very little energy.
When your favorite restaurants close, there is always a mourning period. Sometimes, you know that they are going to be gone forever, but in other cases, you get a glimmer of hope, hearing rumors that they may open again somewhere else.
David looked towards the windows where one of the men in black gave him a thumbs up. “Because you’re not sure where you want to go, you are vulnerable to stay here and never move on. You walked away from your invitation. So did they. If you stay here long enough, you won’t be allowed to move on. Not even if you want to. It’ll corrupt your mind, your thinking. You’ll become like them.”
**cue everyone running screaming from the room.**
LA Trobe University has offloaded its asbestos-riddelled Argus newspaper building for $15 million, after spending $34 million trying to get a project off the ground.Education entrepreneur Shesh Gale, owner of the Melbourne Institute of Technology operation which targets international and domestic students, plans to redevelop the 84-year old building into a teaching facility.The Australian reports Mr Ghale will spend about $50 million on the renovation, which should be completed by the end of 2011.It’s expected Mr Ghale will sell a Lonsdale Street office which currently houses MIT students. The education focussed property developer is also building an $80 million facility in William Street which also includes student accommodation, The Australian reports.
Posability: FE 8, RID 7
So ya, as you guys can see, it is a very understated, everyday, neutral look...the products that i used to create this look are very cheap, and easily obtainable..it's mainly drug store make up.
On the other hand, you could say that this image is not primarily about shoes at all it is about elegance, it is about exclusivity and the human isolation in a modern world. That would be the connotations of the image. Second layer contents are more subjective.
my lovely buddy Sandra has made her first foray in the world of Altered Art....pop over HERE and share some Altered Art love. Before I've had time to draw breath or for this old body to recover...Fiskars are already planning the next show...I'll be back at the NEC in March (22nd-25th) for another 4 days of Fun Workshops...blimey my old bones are creaking at the thought but hey ho I have 5 months to get fighting fit again...in the meantime it's going to be a "nail those demo samples" for Saturday kind of a day...no prizes for guessing that the brand new DI's will be getting their first outing....catch up with all tomorrow with hopefully some crafty creations.
I could tell that you did..
someone to date. Nice looking. Doesn’t appear to wear anything camouflage. (Most of the guys around here wear camouflage or deer motiff and sport a chewing tobacco smile.) Nice guys, but I am an animal lover and I guess I live in the wrong part of the country. I am not into seeing 16 pictures of a hunter holding a deer by the antlers, posing behind their pickup truck. Anyways, back to this yahoo personal guy….. I thought maybe he was doing a social experiment or someone was messing with him and put the ad in without him knowing. Hmmmm…..interesting.I don’t know. I mean, he could be a goofball head. So, I read his limited profile, since there was no way in hell I was going to join yahoo personals just to find out more about him.
That’s when he grabbed a tool used to clean the grill (oddly enough, nearby) and beat the brain pudding out of his assailants.
ham & bean soup (inspired by life at willow manor)
Non-smoking potential employees are no less capable of avoiding such environments.
Between April and July 2010, 1476 bins of waste medicine were collected from pharmacists in the Gwent area? Placed end to end this would be the length of 79 double decker buses.
Bertie sat up, startled.
The film opens with the final minutes of an inordinately '70s-style self-help seminar called E.G.O. - Ernie's Growth Opportunity - where people are encouraged to hug and kiss their neighbors in celebration of how much everybody has learned about self-expression and connecting with fellow human beings. Actually, it opens with a "ooh, scary, thriller!" chord on a synthesizer, which continues to play over a tracking shot of a roomful of people staring with dead-eyed intensity off camera, and these turn out to be the E.G.O.-tists. It's a strange gambit that works - and this is true of many things that happen over the course of the movie, where tonality is bopped around and very, very often the things that are happening, the way they are shot, and the sounds we are hearing all seem to be operating in three entirely different genres. Following all of this, anyway, an old woman (Beatrice Pons, operating under the name of Rose Ross) offers a ride to a pair of young people (who I take to be Marsella Davidson and Kevin Lowe), and as she prattles along blithely, Kaufman devotes so much energy to making the kids seem shifty and threatening that it's instantly obvious that they're up to nothing at all but looking for a ride home, and the woman will kill them both. Actually, she does not: that job gets farmed out to her two sons, profoundly dumb Ike (Frederick Coffin, as Holden McQuire), and almost as profoundly dumb Addley (Michael McCleery, going by Billy Ray McQuade), who seems less dumb because unlike Ike, he does not have a dead eye and shitty teeth. The important part of all this, by the way, is not who kills who and what their names are, but that Ike and Addley are unnervingly anxious to make sure their sainted mother approves of just how they go about killing their victims.
"Do you want to hear my sentence."
Overall, I thought it was okay but had potential. I give it 6/10.
This Ramadan, whilst you intend to become a better Muslim and you feel hunger during the hours of your fast remember that there are people all over the world who suffer much worse all year round and that once Ramadan is over these people will still exist. Along with our intentions to pray our Salah (prayers) five times a day even when Ramadan is over we should intend to remember the suffering of our brothers and sisters all over the world. Make the intention to keep your hearts and minds open and be willing to help those less fortunate than yourselves all year round and Allah will give you all that you need to continue.
I think this will be my inspiration for the room.
This is the third year in a row Amorphis is making my list, and with each mature step in my mind they’re steadily climbing towards being one of metal’s most under-appreciated bands. The Beginning of Times knows exactly when to be heavy, when to be soft, and when to build appropriately on either end just enough to evoke the proper emotions. This is modern “heavy metal” the way it should be: it’s new, without being “nu”, heavy yet serene and soothing, melodic yet ballsy, not overly technical but not insultingly repetitive or simplistic. Behold: Amorphis evolved to its strongest incarnation yet.
With this information and the permission of the king, Naaman travels to his enemy’s country to see the great prophet. Without even seeing the great general, Elisha sends a messenger to tell Naaman to simply go and dip in the Jordan River seven times. Then he will be cured.
Drug Enforcement Administration agents in Oregon in 2007 surreptitiously attached a GPS to the silver Jeep owned by Juan Pineda-Moreno, whom they suspected of growing marijuana, according to court papers.
“Unofficial, but from a very reliable source,” is the way Battlefieldo describes the news that EA will reveal Battlefield Premium at its E3 press conference on June 4 which if true will cause quite a bit of trouble for Call of Duty fans due to the Elite service being the biggest selling point for some people.
A few minutes later we arrive at the Boulevard des Italiens. In front of us, the garish golden façade of the fashionable Maison Doree restaurant. “Bonjour Mr Dickens et Mr Collins” says a voice at the entrance. A door opens and throws light out across the face of my third guest. “Mr Charles Baudelaire. Bonjour” replies Dickens, recognising him from one of his previous visits to the city. I take the three guests through the public part of the establishment up towards the private rooms. “Let me introduce you to our final dinner guest” I announce as I open the door to our individual room.
Breham said Razak Baginda’s company Perimekar had received the commission for “supporting the contract,” which he said was a euphemism for unexplained costs, and also for “housing the crew” of the submarines in France. Perimekar was wholly owned by another company, KS Ombak Laut Sdn Bhd, which in turn was also controlled by Razak Baginda. His wife Mazalinda, a lawyer and former magistrate, was the principal shareholder, according to the French lawyers.
My daughter told me these symptoms had just started a few days before she visited and that she thought he possibly had a bladder infection. But the discussion soon turned to diabetes.
Tuvalu (Polynesian) ran out of space in the early 20th century and worked out a deal with Fiji to send some Tuvalu people to live on an island in Fiji. They would become Fijian citizens, but they could maintain their Polynesian Tuvalu traditions. Thirty nine volunteers came in the first group to settle on a foreign island in Fiji. This island was only a twenty minute boat ride away from our resort in Taveuni. Because two of the residents of the island work at the resort, they invite tourists to come and see a meke on their island, in Polynesian style.
The Undertaker is coming off what is now his annual, year-long vacation after he was basically carried out of last year’s WrestleMania match against Triple H. Triple H spends more time wearing suits than wrestling these days. And Shawn Michaels hosts hunting shows pretty much all the time since retiring two years ago. So do I think that so much inactivity will lead to a lackluster performance? HELL NO! You have three of the top names in the business today on the grandest stage of them all. The Undertaker basically lives for WrestleMania now. He is 19-0 (a streak that really means nothing because we know this is all pre-determined right?) and looking to make it an even 20!
Romans 8:37 No, despite all these things, overwhelming victory is ours, we are more than conquerors through Christ, who loved us.
Anyway, hope you had some really nice celebrations in the blogosphere as well as sad news. Like Cinco de Mayo and Mommy Day, and birthdays and gotcha days and welcome home parties and the Movie Premieres (now they are impressive, our Real Housecats. We are so proud of them!).
Das Motiv ist "Unwrapped Tilda" by Magnolia, genauso wie die großen Geschenke. Die Papiere sind ebenfalls von Magnolia und von My Mind´s eye.
There are three main techniques for frying chickens: pan frying, deep frying and broasting. Pan frying (or shallow frying) requires a frying pan of sturdy construction and a source of fat that does not fully immerse the chicken. The chicken pieces are prepared as above, then fried. Generally the fat is heated to a temperature hot enough to seal (without browning, at this point) the outside of the chicken pieces. Once the pieces have been added to the hot fat and sealed, the temperature is reduced. There is debate as to how often to turn the chicken pieces, with one camp arguing for often turning and even browning, and the other camp pushing for letting the pieces render skin side down and only turning when absolutely necessary. Once the chicken pieces are close to being done the temperature is raised and the pieces are browned to the desired color (some cooks add small amounts of butter at this point to enhance browning). The moisture from the chicken that sticks and browns on the bottom of the pan become the fonds required to make gravy. Chicken Maryland is made when the pan of chicken pieces, and fat, is placed in the oven to cook, for a majority of the overall cooking time, basically “fried in the oven”.
Yes then, I turned away with a smile on my face
Sometimes hobbies and interests seem like the Hydra. They take over so much of my non-working or sleeping hours, they invariably drain away the quiet downtime I often convince myself I don't have time for. I shrug it off as frivolous, even wasteful because I am a busy person, and busy people should be productive. I occasionally feel overwhelmed by all that self-imposed responsibility, but when I try to wrangle balance out of this monster and cut off one head, another grows back.
As fans flocked in, The Get Alongs got the night off to a typically hectic start, with Shane Davis on perfect front man form. Entertaining the crowd with his reckless style, which somewhat unbelievably still manages to accommodate his sunglasses, Shane and the lads more than justified their place on the stage. All The Young personally picked the supporting acts for tonight’s gig: after coming home and checking out some local gigs, they had been impressed with The Get Alongs’ style and prowess on stage. And The Get Alongs certainly didn’t let their headlining peers down with tonight’s performance, and neither did second support band of the night, The Control, with their unique up-beat and high tempo riffs impressing all present. As with Shane Davis, The Control front man Joseph Brennan-Hulme was up to his usual tricks, feeding the crowd with awesome presence which blended greatly with the band’s tight set.
Common wisdom says that we are all where we deserve to be, because our intentionality, our adhikara (character, innate gifts and temperament), places us in a determined dwelling in life. The development of mindfulness, and the way we work our intentions and thoughts, can enlighten our life and trace a successful pathway.
This especially holds true for pasta dishes. The only other place I know that has starch as a side dish to starch are my school lunches from my childhood. And yet, I won't lie to you. I definitely make use of that bread plate every time we're at a restaurant. And I love ordering breadsticks with my pizza and garlic bread with Italian food.
Teens excel at taking risks because they have perfectly developed brains for doing so.
Oh well, I LOVE MY LIFE, and have learned how to "read" others and adjust - so as not to scare them away from me.
I was rather...uhm..."icked" by the site of the washroom when I first saw it. Wood accessories - why do people think this is a good look? Especially the disgusting thought of the wood toilet seat. Wood is porous, do you really want something porous and thus absorbing in your bathroom? Ew. This is the site that I was faced with during my viewing:
opens to drink
There is always the temptation that we will be more interested in pleasing people instead of God.
12. Rosacea pamphlets
I have a sweet friend that called me recently after months of trying to reach her...I feared I had done something to offend her even though I was clueless as to what it could have been and I was just so thankful her silence had nothing to do with me...but she was experiencing some hardships and just didn't know how to reach out. I am thankful that I was prayerful and mindful of her and dropping notes and texts to let her know I was thinking of her...even when I didn't hear anything back...anyway...my heart soared talking to her...but sorrowed for the burdens she's been carrying!
Mugabe a little troll or a gnome.
Mostly mod magic, which I'm so delighted about, since I've never had the chance to worka nursery in modern tones. These things tend to evolve, but here's where we're at so far:
I gushed. I hugged. I embraced. I guffawed. I felt myself turn a bright shade of red and felt terribly, terribly uncool. (@MsDovic joined us a little later so she was spared the awkward embrace.)
Doctor Salary = ( More than six digits )
Be on YOUR toes! God is always on the move! We will be in an uncomfortable situation… it takes FAITH to beat it! Position your heart and go after it!
“But he’s from that side of town! How can he be the Messiah? You must have made a mistake. What kind of stuff are you smoking?”
1 understanding
Melissa Gilbert (needs to look at Smokey Robinson and make some life changes…faces are meant to move) Her dancing tends to err on the side of awkward and wooden. This was a better effort, and she received some very high praise (yet mediocre marks) from the judges. I like her better in the smooth dances where she can show control… she runs off the rails very quickly in fast step dances.
And it shall be my endeavor
Hey there, everyone! Welcome to the March Lawn Fawn inspiration week!! We have a fun week in store for you, showcasing projects using some of the newly released stamps and the "Bright Side" paper line. You should see all of the new items in your favorite store that carries Lawn Fawn, and of course, you can purchase what you like from the Lawn Fawn website as well!
15-20 white corn tortillas
"Attendees and organizers, in red shirts, listen attentively during the SJP Conference’s opening"
small bunch of fresh sage leaves, chopped (about 10-15 leaves)
I’m Listening to: Fuzzy Blue Lights by Owl City. Pretty decent. I like the electric-ness, but sometimes he sounds the same.
They had the footage.
The TinyYears diary is an innovative and illustrated baby diary, allowing you to capture and preserve memorable moments in a secure environment.
In the meantime, I presume it's safe to show this without fear of the western world collapsing into a pit of debauchery and industry-led self-harm?
The Uninvited is about a girl named Anna who has spent the past 10 months in a psychiatric institution because she slit her wrists after her mother’s death. She finally gets to go home. When she gets home she is reunited with her older sister Alex. Both of the girls are disgusted by their father’s new girlfriend (Rachel), which was their mother’s live-in nurse. Now that the mother died, the father was lonely and so he started seeing the nurse.
If the latter is found to be true then we must work very hard to change a very, very bad law. That truly would be a fitting legacy and tribute to Mr. Martin’s death.
Here are the responses to the top ten criticisms, in a more measured 'answer' format, please feel free to add more of your own in the comments box.
I will post pictures of the finished articles.
Extroverted Intuitives envision more global applications of established communal habits of perception. The elaboration of a well-known myth to describe and understand a changing political situation is a good example of this. By contrast, Extroverted Sensers tend to apply practiced habits of perception to new objects, identifying new instances of application. They give breadth and depth, respectively, to the forms produced and maintained in Introverted Sensation.
With their lyrics about the joys of love, these songs suit the moment when you've just been presented as husband and wife, and have shared that first married kiss. And with their upbeat tempo, they signal to the guests that, with the ceremony over, the party is about to begin!
This may be more for things like garage, yard or bake sales.
The course that they played did not feed the boys so we stopped at Subway to grab him some lunch….at 2 p.m.! He was frustrated with his score so any encouragement I gave seem to fall on deaf ears. Of well, I tried!!
2.Then…Mirror Image – obvious one really – needed when trying to keep four bizarre conversations going at the same time. Examples:-
The overpowering
Logic: just as one cannot teach someone how to live as a New Creation if they have never experienced the New Birth. We cannot teach someone to how to fully live as a New Creation apart from the New Body, the New Family that the person is Newly Birthed into. (And even though there is the reality of the universal church, the visible manifestation here on this temporary earth is the local church. That is why the New Testament focuses all of life as individual Christians in the context of the local church.)
I would suggest that their success this quarter has been largely dependent on “baggers” and the discretionary spending situation improving versus bold new designs. Meaning the whole motorcycle industry is running on conventional wisdom. People keep doing it the way everybody else is doing it, not expecting a different result so much as being desirous of converting people over to their brand or getting the few remaining conventional buyers left in the business.
Once I realized that we can each only do what we are each comfortable with and acknowledged that my family may be ready for more freedoms than others this weighed down feeling was lifted. All the sudden I felt like me. Yes! I do like my kids getting out and experiencing life. I like their stories. I like the people they meet. I like the responsibility they take on. I like that they feel comfortable doing the things they like doing. What I don't like is making them feel that their decisions are not right or not up to other's standards.
The Tulsa World reported that cops found a burned-out white pickup Saturday evening and that the registration came back to England.
Seems like only a breath ago that I was waking up at 4 a.m. anxiously and excitedly preparing to go to the hospital to have my labor induced with my last baby. In reality, that will have been 10 years ago on July 27th. What a whirlwind those years have been...filled with joy, laughter, much exploration and learning as well as some tears and sad times as we all go through as our children grow. This little boy has been one of the greatest blessings in my life, and I feel so fortunate to be his Mom. I look forward to many more fun years with this little boy before he has grown into a young man. You just never know what is around the next corner with him. It's always exciting, and he keeps me young, makes life interesting and teaches me something new pretty much every day. Little did I know before my kids came along how much they would enrich my life and fulfill it in ways that I could never even imagine. So looking back at these last 10 years, it makes me take a step back and appreciate life, time and taking advantage of every moment that we are given, because once they are gone, you can't get them back, and if you make the most of them, you will have many wonderful memories to look back on as each of these precious years passes.
3: an inscrutable or mysterious person
We set up Saturday without a single hitch. The volunteers and employees of ACA were groovy and helpful.
I think I look a lot better as a blonde, although, I do look deathly in that picture. No makeup/eyebrows. Don't ask. This color will stay. Maybe a better picture posted soon... Hmm... Nah, no one cares.
Emma by Jane Austen
3. Get Enough Sleep
54. A book that you expected to like but didn’t?
I need a change
Rivaled only by Young Frankenstein (which I’ve already discussed) this is probably Mel Brook’s funniest film. If this movie has one flaw, it is the ending which, I think we all admit is a little forced. But even that can’t dim the surreal ingenius/ingenious of Kahn’s bizaare/bizarre stage number or Sherriff Bart holding himself hostage. There are few scenes in this film which aren’t hilarious.
I would HIGHLY recommend stamping your letters on a concrete surface with your towel underneath.
Free shipping on all orders over $35. That with fantastic prices you really should buy EO products!
Talking about not answering the question! So in Senator Santorum's world, he's just been informed that the Taliban, the Haqqani Group or Lashkar-e-Taiba just took over Pakistan's nuclear facilities in Waziristan and he's going to depend on deposed President Musharraf to help us out? "Quick, get Pervez on the phone.Maybe he can put together a counter-coup."
This is actually the first item I came up with for a display for the Fall Fest. This is also a tablet holder made from a Clear Mount Stamp case. This one features the new Designer Series Paper (DSP) Spice Cake (124003) as well as Soft Suede, Very Vanilla and Pool Party Cardstock. The "g" is from the "Lovely Letters" alphabet
These discoveries would have been more than enough, even for a good day. Since I was on the hunt for the Laymons, I started looking around the 'net for some Wyoming newspapers, since I knew that the Laymons, the Pechts and assorted inlaws had gone to Wyoming in the early 1900s to work the oil fields. I had gathered very little information about the families during the Wyoming period, circa 1906 - 1915.
3/8-inch-wide velvet ribbon (green)
And sometimes like a gleaner thou dost keep
Love Caroline xx
'I'm your man,' I said, and ordered the rest of the bottle.
playland pee pants
I was impressed by the weight of the dress too- it was made of a very high quality fabric that was stretchy and soft. My husband loved it too, and I got a compliment on it at the very first place I went in it! So two thumbs up for cuteness! :)
Mal’haran banged his fists on the table in blind fury. The resulting bang was deafening. The legs gave way with a sickening crack and sent splinters flying at Mal’Haran’s legs. The sound of breaking china and cutlery filled the room. Razor-sharp shards were sent flying everywhere. His clothes protected him from much of the debris, but he quivered with absolute rage. His lower lip quivered with indignation and he grimaced, winced and cowered all at the same time as he remembered the previous night’s events. He had never before felt such a strange and appalling mixture of fear, sorrow and utter loathing.
Of course you have to import both modules and define a PSModulePath environment variable before that. Make sure you ran Powershell session as an administrator.
Yea native Brooklynites talk a lot of shit about what was and what ain't. Clearly, I'm no different. But I direct these next thoughts to the newly come Brooklyn bitchers and moaners, much like the type who bicker on brownstoner, those who leave snide comments asking why we're so fond of our "old" Brooklyn/New York City. If you don't know now you know, I luvs yous guys and I wrote this answer to you, "here it comes khan";
Years ago, I was asked why I invested so much time in new writers? Teaching, mentoring, encouraging. The answer was because I didn’t have that when I started and I know how much it would have meant to me. Instead, I learned hard knocks, until finally a mentor came along and others followed. I realized later that I get more from teaching and mentoring than I ever give. And now–continuing to think aloud here–I see the same is true in the books.
One of the best parts about it were these cape cod honeymoon pictures my aunt had digitized from slides.
I do like it more now. :) It is very soft and great to relax in. As I said, Bill liked white walls. When we built our house 10 years ago, he even wanted me to take a picture of the nice, white, bare walls before I hung anything up so he could always remember it. He warmed up a little when he finally gave in and we painted our bedroom a beige color. So to my utter surprise, he picked out this dark brown for the walls. This was a very bold step. When we finished painting, I was almost sick! The walls looked purplish. The next morning it wasn't much better. I was ready to redo the whole thing, but Bill convinced me to wait a few more days. I don't know if it was letting the paint cure more, getting used to the color, or having the couch delivered and more brown in the room, but it looked a whole lot better. It's like the color of chocolate milk. Really! Kind of makes me hungry sometimes.
How has your drafting process changed now that you've gone through the whole gamut of revision, from betas to agent to editor?
Now that it's been a while, the beer is growing on me. It's got more mouthfeel, the color is more at pale ale, nice and quaffable. The first version had a lighter feel, but more bitterness. Mouthfeel may be specifically linked to the Carapils. So I've got to figure out if I like the base as a Blonde or let the beer go more at Pale Ale. So maybe do the same thing again but drop the CaraPils from the recipe.
UH gets the ball first and basically throws and runs all over the field like they have diarrehea. Get the BIG touchdown. While I spoon in a couple scoops of rice in my mouth (no homo), UCLA is already punting. UCLA 0, UH 7
Now all I need to do is work out how I can sneak into the cafeteria each day for lunch.
I hear the laughter, I taste the tears
And he's funny.
Ah, you might say ... there's got to be an explanation for the no-reply scenario.
well, literally like life and death -
Caleb, Becca, Sakari and Huxley David
Everything I do from now is better than before
Here's another 'after' at a slightly different angle:
If you pull the top buttons off you can see the difference in shape, and that the 2mm version doesn’t have an eraser. Also, the 2mm lead chamber is only big enough to hold one stick of lead at a time so there are no spares. You are writing with the only piece of lead in the pencil.
Herman doesn’t have to be kept in the fridge and doesn’t require a lid – just covering him with a tea towel is sufficient. Herman grows at room temperature.
This revelation will totally change the way most of us pray. Too often we're praying, asking, begging & pleading...sometimes we even put a "if it be your will" in there somewhere. The Bible is clear in James, if you ask and don't believe, you won't receive anything. The Bible says if WE speak to a mountain and tell it to move...not if we ask Jesus to move our mountain, it will be moved. What mountains do we speak to? The mountains that don't line up with the will of God.
This was inspired by a picture in my bathroom that had a shadow behind the main flower. So, I decided to see if I could create a very subtle shadow effect for this one. Stamp is from Paper Inspirations and stamped in Studio G light yellow chalk ink. Flower is from Memory Box and the sentiment is from Papertrey, Ink.
Elizabeth Warren, a former Oklahoma high school debate champion and noted scholar has brought some ideological diversity to Harvard Law School and draws from her distant roots as a Cherokee and her middle class upbringing. And that’s good for Harvard, good for the state of Massachusetts and the country.
Coed — This is a sexist term that was born in the nineteen thirties when women enrolled in previously all-male colleges, and it is a term that should have died there. Men were educated, women were coeducated. Not the same thing at all.
Kick these families out of their glamour galaxies, show them the real world, where most of us can barely live, can barely make ends meet. As for the teens? Kick them out of their go carts, scooters, Segueways and disco ball rooms, and hand them a book. A book about the real world, unemployment, financial troubles, poverty. Real people.
Thursday, August 18 2011
- Vasanti: 8 Airmiles when buy 1 lip product
8. What is her favorite thing to do? "be with me"
he did not explain as much but did a very good
Here's how my Dining Room looks today (minus the wintery branches).
That said, if there's one thing this last week has taught us it's that we can't tell what's coming. This story is *still* gathering pace and is finally beginning to properly bring the Tories and police into it.
Someone was actually throwing this thing away. Can you beleive that? We have a lot of grand, practical items from the job. A flat screen TV, couches, a fridge, microwave, toaster oven, surf boards, skateboards, knives; eveything. All from the job. But none are as cool as our bathroom mascot.
Also because of this interest in The Halsteadarian more than the Colne Engine, I have decied to call the up coming feature and game ‘The Halsteadarian: Chronicles of The Colne Engine’
The crown is covered in gold german glass glitter! Inside is a miniature copy of the statue holding a beautiful royal red Holy Infant Jesus chaplet. The chaplet can be taken out and used in prayer. The Divine Infant revealed this chaplet shining with a supernatural light to His devotee and promised the granting of special graces, beyond all purity of heart and innocence, to all who carried the chaplet on their person.
New #01 Hand Embellished Limited Edition Canvases
So whether you are tossing and turning in a sea of trouble or you are sailing smoothly ahead, we believe there is only One True Light Jesus who is fully capable of leading safely to harbor.
5. Add corn, vegetable stock, khoya, and kitchen-king masala. Stir well, cover with lid and let it boil on medium-low heat for 10-15 minutes.
This has been a public service announcement.
I know in hindsight that this post will be one I want to delete, because I am not a negative person. But right now I am fighting hard to stay smiling!
Jews that wore stars could be rounded up because they wore stars. Jews that didn’t wear stars could be rounded up for not wearing stars. After arriving in the camps they received tattoos on their arms to help guards ascertain just who was who.
I wanted to use some techniques for this challenge that I hadn't tried before, and I'm a big fan of English paper piecing, so I decided to give that a try. I also worked with a linen/cotton blend which I never have before.
#5 Ernest Scared Stupid (1991)
Drogheda United 7/5 (Paddy Power); Draw11/5 (Boylesports); Dundalk9/5 (Bet365)
When 4e just came out and your 2nd level Fighter, "The Mighty Jim-Bob," leveled up, he had approximately four options for his 3rd level encounter power. After a few months, Martial Power came out, doubling those options. After another month, a Dragon article raised your options to 10. After four years of sourcebooks, articles, and fan-creations...well, you can imagine the choices!
Thanks for taking a peek and Happy New Year to you all!
Coastal Scents Shadow worx eye primer (applied to upper lid, blending in gently with ring finger)
Seeing it's Valentine's this month the challenge is to incorporate hearts into your card. This can be what ever you like - a stamp, embellishment, paper so long as there is a heart somewhere on your card.
now that I find myself back in the the market in the ripe old age of 51 AND I am not the ONLY one!!!!!!
The Messenger of Allah (Sallallahu Alaihi Wasallam) has said, “Whoever has been a Jew or Christian is not to be coerced from his Deen.”
2. Roll the dough up like a cinnamon roll. Squeeze it together.
Rosen’s remark was dumb, Even if what she meant was that Ms. Romney has never held a job outside the home, Rosen knows better than to say it the way she did. But this posting is not to defend her.
In terms of the actual performance…I kinda loved this! Tony Lucca’s got some swag! And he’s pretty dreamy too, let’s be honest. If I weren’t already spoken for in the music competition realm (my heart beats for Phillip Phillips) I’d say, Tony Lucca had some potential to win me over.
PLUS! All the latest official news, TV and merchandise reviews, previews, competitions, a prize-winning crossword and much, much more!
You saw The Lion King, Wicked, and The Nutcracker (twice). You skied for the first time. You went to more play dates and birthday parties than I can count. You gave your phone number to a boy, but didn’t mind when he didn’t call. You pierced your ears and didn’t flinch. You were a star and a duchess. You had fun swimming in the ocean, even if it took me hours to get you out there. You use Grandma Susan’s “bed” trick faithfully. You’re proud to be good at math, and happy to see “Tron: Legacy” with Dad (thanks for getting me out of that one, kid!). You make up songs with me at the bus stop, and laugh when we come up with really good rhymes. You love to draw and swim and go to museums. Your brother is your very best friend.
And I'm SURE I'm missing some (probably many!) other terms.
Schools who participate in the Federal School Lunch Program get federal subsidies to provide their programs and to provide free and reduced lunches to individuals in need. They must meet certain nutritional requirements that often are at the local district’s discretion (and often ignored, perhaps for the better?). I am hopeful most districts meet or exceed the federal guidelines for nutrition, especially the newest FDA proposals. But, it’s the selection that is troubling to me. Canned peaches or fresh peaches, which sounds more appealing to you? Yet the reality of a school cafeteria is that they need to provide choices that their pickiest eaters will like. There is a reason why schools stand by the tried and true grilled cheese, chicken nuggets, and pizza choices that they provide. Perhaps some of this is more of a reflection of parenting and our nutrition choices within our home?
Upon receiving the signal the follower acts in an “exaggerated” fashion. That is, she moves farther than what the leader proposes. Since she is usually shorter than him, and is usually in the periphery dancing around him who is in the center, she needs to make bigger steps around him. Some women take the signal too literally and they do not amplify their steps, leaving the leader little choice but pushing harder. Experienced follower knows that a signal is just a hint or invitation, and it's up to her to make the big leap forward. The more experienced the follower, the subtler the signal, and the smoother the dance.
P.S: For some, the result may not be sweet enough- maybe increase the sugar to 80gr.
and what if the chick in the skirt and heels
While I am sure that the commentators love me and meant the things they were saying to be encouraging, they were not.
cookie sheet
Green. While the iconic Little Cave sign remains as a fitting tribute
PUBLISHERS' DESK IS A TOOL FOR AUTHORS, AGENTS AND PUBLISHERS. Its function is to bring together those who write and those who publish, empowering their performance for the modern era.
The SwingHolder makes your iPad truly useful in the gym, in bed, or while performing on stage. Drift off to sleep knowing your iPad won’t fall to the floor. Use the SwingHolder while exercising since it doesn’t vibrate with your treadmill, rower, or cycle. Use it in the studio or on stage, with the confidence you can adjust it to exactly where you need. Made in the USA out of recycled plastic and steel.
I will be baking all day tomorrow. I made my dough today. I'm trying out my very first homemade sugar cookies this year. Tomorrow I will be rolling out the dough and cutting out cookies to bake. I'm in my 24th year of marriage and this past weekend, I just bought my first rolling pin and wire cooling rack! *Slaps forehead* Better late than never!
The bus was across the street. We got ready to board.
Its feature film business has been fueled by such recent successes as the blockbuster first installment of “The Hunger Games” franchise, which achieved the third highest-grossing opening weekend of all time at the North American box office, “The Expendables,” “The Lincoln Lawyer,” “Tyler Perry’s Madea’s Big Happy Family” and “Margin Call.” With the January 2012 acquisition of Summit Entertainment, the Company now has the two leading young adult franchises – the blockbuster “Twilight Saga,” which has grossed more than $2.5 billion at the worldwide box office, and “The Hunger Games.” Recent Summit hits include “Red,” “Letters to Juliet,” “Knowing,” the “Step Up” franchise and the Academy Award-winning Best Picture, “The Hurt Locker.”
“What is more important is in front, in the next 10, 20 years and as the prime minister said, we are ready to improve ourselves and improve on what we have already accomplished such as the national transformation programmes, which includes the economy, government, politics, rural issues and new measures taken by the prime minister and the government, which have an effective impact,” Najib’s deputy told reporters after the launch of the World Kidney Day at Dataran Merdeka.
love dem both. (but i digress)...
The door swung open and I jumped at the sight of a skeleton whose vacant eyes stared back at me in solemn, empty eternity. Laughter broke out in gales behind me. What?! Is this some kind of macabre joke? Indeed it was and the joke was on me. The family skeleton had been in the attic for an eternity. Only those hardy enough to befriend it were admitted into the family fold.
I'm not good with titles. Never have been. As a matter of fact, some have said my titles are boring.
The councillors are there to represent your views, and the only way they can do that is if they know what your views are. They hold “surgeries” to meet and hear from local people, read a lot of letters, and campaign about local issues. There might be a photo in the local newspaper, for example, of your local councillor standing next to a school on a busy road with a sign saying “20 is plenty”. They spend a lot of time reading up on local organisations and activities so that they know who they are looking after.
One thing I can tell you without a doubt.
Be the energetic servant the world needs. Conquer loss, share restoration.
I took shelter at a hamburger stand called Doc’s, which happens to be right across the street from the protest. Doc’s is a famous old hamburger stand in the heart of Delray Beach. Right on the main street. It has a huge outdoor patio with picnic benches and tiny house sparrows zipping around. It’s nice, big, open and breezy. But today it was dark, blustery and pouring. I mean a DELUGE and windy!
I welcome, therefore, what has been done in this book in words and pictures to give an account of the imperial capital as it is today, and also to indicate in this beautifully rich way the variety of its structures.
It's a Blog Hop with both DTs! Each DT member will be giving "their" digi stamp that they use to a random person who leaves a comment. Plus, visitors can gather "clues which are letters" at each stop to spell a phrase and be entered into the big contest to win one of many prizes including:
He left no academic legacy in academia, authored no signature
Full Reading – John 10:1-10
The satire urge is just too strong for me, so @latentexistence has done an excellent job of telling everyone what this actually means here : http://www.latentexistence.me.uk/government-taps-sick-and-disabled-people-as-source-of-free-labour/#comments
for wasteful agriculture as
I stood looking into the studio from backstage and waited for instructions. Some guy came over and instructed my on what to do when I was cued to walk up to the podium and meet both the host of the show and the person who had been picked to be my partner. Since winning was based of a collaborative effort with someone that I had never met, I was a little scared. I was hoping that I wasn’t paired up with some bimbo who didn’t know anything.
Sounds like an easy enough question, right? Well, the truth is, that it is actually an extremely difficult question to answer for current and prospective media professionals and this inability to be able to ‘project oneself into the future’ can have ‘negative psychological consequences’ for individuals (Gill 2007, 41).
3. Page Carol, Wellness, Grocery, Tracy, Glenn, Barbara and Mark ALL AT THE SAME TIME and see what happens.
Why do you cut such precious things?
2. The bottom of the ocean. Do you know what’s going on down there? Have you seen an angler fish?! Those things are all kinds of freaky. Evidence:
Paloma.
And the winner is…Eric Northman from HBO’s True Blood!!
See with SD and any type of dancing, you have a Lead, and a Follow.
I have no motivation to post anything hockey related so in the absence of poor hockey talk, you’re going to get a series of about me posts. All the boring drivel you may or may not care to know about me. So let’s start the first post with some basic stuff.
Ms Brockovich says the world has become too comfortable with pointing the blame at somebody else.
I went for pure Clean And Simple with this card, as I felt that this sweet, tender moment between Father & Child needed to be kept centre stage. I didn't want any other distractions from it, not even a sentiment on the front. I figured that the insert could do the job of the sentiment just as well.
We are not raising children. We are raising adults.
So, we got to thinking. What would we say to that person? What if it was a kid, desperately trying to make it through tough years of intolerance and ignorance? What if it were a person who might never stumble across the amazing voices speaking for autism acceptance? What if that person thought himself all alone? What would we say about the present? What would we say about the future? What would we say about happiness? And hope?
Eventually we arrived at the pub and went inside. I bought a round of drinks for the four of us that were there, M's friend had managed to make it, and then we wandered outside to sit down at a table to wait for the rest of the people that had been invited.
Happily for me, though not so much for her parents, her big explosive mess happened at home. Like Poppy, she was fine, gave no indication of anything amiss whatsoever, until The Big Event. She was home yesterday. Will she be back today? It seems to be a 2 – 5 day virus, so I’m guessing not.
Ever since the Mamata Banerjee government has come to power, among other things they have started to utilize (!) vacant land in around the city of Kolkata. Under the direction of the urban development minister, KMDA has already started to sell off vacant lands in the city following the public-private partnership (PPP) model. According to the KMDA website, there is about 80 acres of land (along with some water bodies) in their possession which they would like to lease out to private initiatives for 99 years. Multistoried residential complex, shopping malls, multiplex movie halls for the privileged, entertainment centers and water parks will be built on these lands.
Gerry, the oldest, was premature but fine, and is now a fourth-grade teacher with a degree from Penn, working toward a PhD.
This simple ruffle pillow is still a favorite. I think I need more. I definitely need more.
Day Fifty-Two Wednesday May 9
Galena 10g – 12.0% @30mins
Best Set Design MATILDA THE MUSICAL Rob Howell – Cambridge
Kevin’s Thoughts:
Civet – Unctuous secretion painfully scraped from a gland very near the genital organs of civet cats. Used as a fixative in perfumes. Alternatives: (See alternatives to Musk.).
Setting out along the walls of York, the ancient Minster loomed in the distance and made for some incredible photos; though beautiful to look upon, the cathedral felt even more breathtaking when the bells tolled. For those who saw the cathedral built 1,000 years ago, it would be just as majestic as it is today.
The unique slogans extended to shops we passed and local political problems we stumbled upon. One sign demanded that we “Bring Benjamin Home,” but offered no explanation of who and where Benjamin was. We passed a Chinese restaurant that advertised itself as the place “Where the Pot Stays Hot!” Rosie’s Wild Woman Creations informed us, “Normal is not an option.” “PUD Chips” were advertised without explanation. Unfortunately the shop was closed, so we have to live with our ignorance. We passed Bond Girls Bail Bonds right next door to Bonk & Bonk Investigations. Advertisements recommended, “Eat fish, live longer. Eat oysters, love longer.” T-shirts philosophized, “You can’t drink all day if you don’t start in the morning.” And one particularly sage bumper sticker urged, “Don’t cry because it’s over. Smile because it happened.”
I wish I could say today's project post was the last for the room, but things didn't work out too well. And that doesn't include the list of injuries I incurred in the process.
Kenzie set about opening each one with anticipation. You will see what I have in mind for this gold spray paint at a later date!
more Ribbon, pattern paper, Card stock, Glimmer Mist, Robins Nest Dew Drops,
My chance didn’t come for some time since M moved away, but as soon as he got back to LA I booked them both for the day. I have a nice set of photos of them in the sunshine, on the Santa Monica Pier. I was pretty satisfied at this union I created.
4. “I love you” or “I'm sorry you have to go through this” (Honest expression of emotions are a powerful gift).
I'm not sure how they compare to today. Many of the books I loved are still around and still popular. Books are great for that; they don't fade away. To be honest though, I don't read lots of modern authors. Publishing is such a big business that hype can mar the reading experience. I like to wait a few years. If I book is still considered worth reading by after that amount of time, then I'll give it a go. I didn't go near the Harry Potter books until the fourth one was released for example.
Basically, instead of either choosing to self-pub to maintain control and get higher royalties, Amazon has given authors a third option: Get traditionally published, but with a better deal than the Big 6 publishers can ever hope to provide.
Rating: 10
I met Peter through my roommate, Sam. Sam just joined the Marines and brought home two of his friends from bootcamp. Sam walked into our apartment with his uniform and gorgeous smile. He was tall with dark skin, brown eyes, and long eyelashes. He smiled as he shook my hand. I was so taken with him from the beginning. I knew that this was going to be a very good weekend.
So since it was just reported favorably from committee, it certainly wouldn't hurt Michiganders and most especially Michigunners to contact your state senator and express your support of SB59.
As his heart beats quick through the shortness of his breath
Abdominal pains - Both sharp and cramp-like, but no period.
Discussed the definitions of “hick” and “redneck”…
thursday night, a friend informed me that it was supposed to rain all weekend. i checked the report. 60% chance of rain saturday. 40% on sunday. those odds did not bother us. rain is no big deal. we have equipment for rain. rain can be fun!
I did not believe for a second that this little track would take us anywhere even remotely exciting.... let alone the most beautiful place I have ever seen. But it was!!! I could not believe it as I turned the final corner on the rim of the mountain I saw paradise.
(2) Place quartered grape tomatoes in a small bowl. Roll several basil leaves together at a time and cut into thin strips (looks like confetti). Add basil to bowl with tomatoes and gently mix. Coat mixture with olive oil and season with sea salt. Set aside.
If only it were that easy...hehehehe
Cheat sheet for Domain 1
Yes, it’s fine if you don’t update those that are Type A and Type C. They wouldn’t make a big deal out of it anyways. They are those people who only go to work to earn so they could support themselves and their family and don’t give it a damn if they are kept in the loop or not. When you are faced with those that are Type B and Type D, on the other hand, you have to inform them or you have to entertain their questions in case they wonder. If you keep everything secret or if you filter what you tell them, they might think that there’s something wrong, you’re hiding something, or some paranoids might think the company or the department they are in is not doing well anymore or it’s going through a hard time that might even lead to them losing their jobs, the company closing down, or reporting itself bankrupt.
It doesn't matter to me WHICH astronaut guided my little piece of history to the moon and back. It went there...and came back! I can only admit to a childlike thrill to physically touch a symbol which was able, if for only one small moment, to unite all mankind.
Uplifting . . .
It’s magical!
Links at:
At the Grade 2 level the units are entirely animated. no reading ability required. For all of the reasons I have already mentioned this is a blessing. Skwirk is an independent program no matter what level you are looking at.
Challenge 26: to post December 16
They will only get about 10% of the deals compared to the goal oriented seller that’s the difference for you as employer.
1 tea salt
So here we are with a government who has not broken with the fateful decision to increase dramatically government expenditure in 2010; this is, quite simply, Zombie Keynesianism: the government puts on (some) welfare programs, increases recruitment 40%, and comes up with an effective 21Bn package expenditure no government has prepared for but yet finds itself actually spending it. Most importantly however, the Compensation Fund takes a large bite out of government expenditure – the World Bank Open-Data defines it as:
I know it sounds meh to cook chicken like that in a microwave, but what can I say? By the time I am hungry for this salad I often don’t want to wait too long for it. The chicken turns out tasty and I haven’t died yet! Depending on how much meat you add and how much salad you make, this can qualify for a meal in my book.
Embellishments: Wild Orchid Crafts flowers, metal corner and charm, ribbon from stash, tassels from Joanna Sheen
“I took a quick look at the report,” Seth said. “There was no mention of cameras in the vehicle.”
Me: (I'll take the HIGH road here and be super nice and set an example for him and everyone behind me) Good morning. I need to return this.
As Mao came to power and the Cultural Revolution began, fashion followed to meet the times. It was a common misconception in the West that overnight everyone donned a Mao suit and joined the Red Guards all over China, but in reality the change was less drastic and more gradual. The popularity of the Mao suit or the Zhongshan suit (hereafter used interchangeably) started with Sun Yat-sen and went through a series of small alterations before it became what is known in the West as the Mao suit. These alterations though, were small and changed based on the status of the Mao suit or the availability of fabric and other materials. The revolutionary climate and scarcity of resources helped to develop the Mao suit, and of course Mao himself played a role in making the Mao suit appear fashionable.
I can tell you that there are way more products I didn't include, either because they're recent purchases or because I don't know where on earth they are at the moment. I don't tag anyone, but if anyone wants to do this, go ahead and write the link to your post in the comments.
My sense (from watching body language, listening to sources, and reading between the media lines) is that, rather than face reality and be radical about how the European single market should now change for the good of its citizens, three denial systems are in play: these are (1) it’s all over, let’s cling on and wait for debt forgiveness (the ClubMeds); (2) we’re up the creek, let’s cling on to Germany’s coat-tails (France); and (3) The rest of this Union are clearly useless so now we’ll have to take control (Germany).
We returned to Walmart and bought four, huge thirty-five gallon plastic tubs each. My roommate and I rode back to the dorm in the back of a friend's car with twelve tubs jammed into our laps.
If you are giving out the forms – be bold, discover something about yourself and don’t just ask your mates to be “nice” to you.
Then you have these three identical blonde triplets who look like models with super rich husbands. There only concern, having babies at the same time! Oh if life were that easy I wouldn’t need a MasterCard!
Blessings from the Farm!
From Greek, “dendro” literally means tree, and “mekon” means poppy. I guess it’s a relative term because this is more like a large shrub than a tree. Topping out at 10 feet tall and wide, this multibranched beauty is most commonly found in full sun on well drained slopes and washes. The leaves are a light green to grey, long and willow-like, the flowers bright yellow with 4 petals on terminal branches (the branch ends with the flower).
The Muslim Brotherhood “did not sign the peace accords,” Rashad al-Bayoumi told the London-based newspaper. “We are allowed to ask the people or the elected parliament to express their opinion on the treaty, and (to find out) whether it compromised the people’s freedom and sovereignty.
In Israel Bio-Engineering Project v. Amgen, Inc., et al. (January 26, 2007), the Federal Circuit affirmed that IBEP lacked standing to bring the suit because it did not have sole ownership of the patent:
all in all not a bad day, just a nondescript type of day with nothing much to share.
McG is a fun and funny guy! I wasn’t expecting that and he encouraged us to work up some surprises and go for ‘em…boy did we ever! I worked mostly with Chris and he was a chill kinda guy. Shooting was very slow so in some of our down time he’d rock out on my little backpacker guitar that I’d brought to set with me. Chris can play guitar man, believe it! I only play variations on a blues tune that I learned in grad school, Chris was pickin’ out some big tunes! I was on set with Tom, Reese and Angela Bassett a couple of days, both in Vancouver and LA, but most of my time was spent with Chris, McG and Kevin as well as a few of my other Canadian friends who worked on the film – shout outs to Viv Leacock and Patrick Sabongui! On my last day of shooting in Vancouver, I had to bring my wife and my luggage to set because I was jumping on a flight to Toronto hours after wrapping to start rehearsals for a musical I was doing over there, called ‘Parade’.
rambling house built in the 1930s surrounded by coconut, guava and beetle nut
I bought these simple, little eggs last year at Hobby Lobby. Each one contains an item pertaining to the life, death, and resurrection of Christ. The child opens each egg and you share with them the Gospel story. I didn't know if MCM would understand what I was telling her last year (she was only 2 1/2), but I couldn't believe how seeing and holding these symbols made the story come alive for her. Be careful with small children though, because this is definitely a choking hazard.
I'm so excited about my follower count! ::doin' a happy bunny hop:: I at 96 and counting! When I reach 99, I will announce my 100 follower giveaway! Now, I'm still a newbie at this. I don't have a TPT or TN store. But I do have a simple idea or two up my sleeve!
- 2 cups roasted (w/ olive oil, s&p) beets & carrots, chopped
Reference List
continues his journey across the arctic land of Syngothra, seeking to
happy birthday to my baby boy, my youngest son, who will be twenty three tomorrow! do you remember
We'll be sharing more delicious photos, including some
Now how do I become a star?
“Do you have a moment to take our automated survey?”
4) Fold egg whites into cheese and flour mixture.
Apologies to all those who I'm letting down, I will try and make it up to you. And if you can send good thoughts my sister's way, they would be appreciated. This is the second major health scare with a close family member in the last ten months :(
1/2 cup of favorite seed or mix
removed the doors and cut out the center post. Then I took the board
Lately, I sadly decided that what I needed to start weeding out is my collection of glossies, that literally I have been storing (see: hoarding), since about my sophomore year of high school.
Ever since I've had children, I've worried about the over sexualisation of modern kids, particularly as mine are girls. From the barbies, they get when they're four, to the crop tops & short shorts that they're marketed when they're nine, to the teen mags which promote an image of female beauty which is stick insect thin, and all about encouraging men, girls these days are in some ways worse off then I was in my youth. At least we understood there was a male patriarchy we had to overcome (although I refuse to subscribe to Germaine Greer's idea that women have no idea how much men hate them). But my children? They have vague notions of what feminism, is and think they are equal to men, and yet as they enter their teen years, I think they are more vulnerable to exploitation then we ever were. Depressing but true...
Isn't this the most beautiful horse you have ever seen?? I wasn't one of those little girls who becomes totally enamored of horses for a few years while growing up, but it doesn't take a love of horses in general to appreciate the beauty of this one. Hope you enjoy it!!
The word ‘Kaafir’ comes from the root verb, ‘Kafara’, which means “cover”. It was originally used before Islam, in the Arabic language to describe farmers, when they bury a seed in the ground, and cover it with soil in their planting process. Therefore, Kaafir implies from its root meaning “a person who hides or covers the truth,” or “someone who knows the truth, but conceals the truth.”
Foul language. Allusions to desired sex. An unfortunately likable asshole.
It seems the only things that gets Canadians really excited are hockey and beer. Some Canadians get excited over curling, but we don’t want to go there…
The British Freedom Party is just over a week old.
In the days of pre DVD, my friends and I would spend hours in this video store going through every single VHS tape. We were trying to uncover that one hidden gem, that perhaps none of us us had ever seen or heard of before.
I think of a Peanuts comic in which Lucy says, ''I love mankind; it's people I can't stand.''
1/2 medium sweet onion, diced
‘Wish that dog would shut up’
And, you can see this frame has an overall consistently grungy look to it. That was deliberate and required massive amounts of gesso and then a nice brown inkpad. Easy Peasy.
Authentique patterned paper
Recently I had cause to also thank a similar Divine Providence, although this one was of the earthling variety and likes writing in the kind of language I call colourful and others label pretentious. The reason for my delight was Will Self's recent essay "The symphony and the novel – a harmonious couple?" (The Guardian Review, Saturday 8th October). In it, good ol' Will explores the reasons why both art forms, although having developed almost at the same time, in the 19th century, have supposedly moved in different directions; whilst one (music) has retained its risk-taking approach, the other (literature) has pressed its finger firmly on the "safe mode" button.
Program Background
I'll bet you see my point.
Harp seal
whose breasts he has made his peculiar deposit for substantial and genuine virtue. It is the focus
I simply remember my favorite things and then I don’t feel….soooooooooooo (I’m singing…holding the note)….bad! Now…some of my children claim to not remember that I sang this to them. Maybe they choose not to remember? Hmmm….I know I can carry a tune! Oh well…
Dave Harvey
That said, I’m coming to terms with the notion that (at least for me) just about every room will be a constant work in progress. I’m okay with that – I would venture to say I even like that.
Since coffee wasn’t working for me, I decided to take my RAK mission elsewhere. I thought about paying for someone’s grocery order in the speedy checkout, but this posed most of the same logistical problems.. not to mention that I’d probably have FOMO about whatever it was they were buying and have to go back and buy myself eggo waffles or whatever. I thought about leaving some kind of complimentary note on a bathroom mirror that said “you’re beautiful” or some shit like that, but then I realized that was just ridiculous and would make no one’s day but my friends who could use it to make fun of me.
Now return and weep for me.’
You all made such pretty cards following Gry's sketch, I'm so glad I don't have to chose between them. Instead, we use random.org to help us fairly pick a winner. This week, our winning entry is number 5, which is Donna V, with this fabulous creation:
- football jersey 40 euro
It was a bit uncomfortable to say the least
The Budget Fashionista has some great rules for recession-proofing your wardrobe. I picked two rules from the list that every frugal fashionista should follow when shopping. I promise they are easy to follow and take two seconds to master.
#16. california sunshine
From the beginning I knew I had to slow my pace, knowing that if I ran as fast as I have been the last couple of runs, I would surely die. Five minutes in, I wanted to quit. God forbid we get eased into this type of weather. I was already huffing and puffing after a few minutes and I could feel my face already turning a nice shade of crimson red. How was I going to survive another 25 minutes of this?
As much as I would love to sit and gush, there is a thunderstorm arriving any minute to put me to sleep!
Heat the oven, add ingredients,
“Peace that is based on delusion and submission is not peace. The Prophet Muhammad wanted peace that is based on strength.”
Children cannot choose their parents. But parents can choose to be the kinds of parents their children would pick if they could. We can choose to be the kinds of parents who want our kids to have much better things to say about their childhoods than "I survived."
WHat had been a “lip service” some months before, had now become a source of pride and devotion. The people gladly gave to the Temple and spoke well of the Temple (pride) because it was the embodiment of response to God.
The complete original tv series Mission Impossible
He continued: “This is not a twitter beef. I still have massive respect for @cherylcole but you shouldn’t of tweeted that knowing we both have personal messages to eachother #silenceinthecourt.
Boy: But how did He die again?
137 his
Of course none of this helps a person smack bang in the middle of grief. It still has to be lived through. But I’m convinced that we need to keep asking. I hope this makes sense to what you’ve written…I’m not sure it makes exact sense to me. I guess I just feel that once we truly understand more our experience of these events will be perceived differently…perhaps the pain will be the same but perceived differently. I’m not sure really but I am sure we don’t know enough to interpret meaning yet.
Yesterday @15.53 pm we welcomed our SON into the world!!!
For a vegetarian option, switch chicken for tofu or simply load pancakes wihth salad, grilled veg or even hummous dip spread and salad..such a versatile dish and costs as little as £3 to make!
“I hope so,” he said. “Shall we take a walk?”
You will notice that there are only 5 Inkers participating in today's hop since Imke has just joined us, but she will be posting with us beginning with the next kit. I will draw a winner on Wednesday for this month's kit.
And because the girls were helping me, we added sprinkles.
Therefore those who lived unjustly in their foolishness of life, You tormented by means of their own abominations. For they went far astray on the paths of error, taking up gods which were despised even among their enemies, being deceived after the manner of foolish children…. For when they suffered they became indignant at those they imagined to be gods, realizing they were being punished because of them. They also came to recognize the true God Whom they refused to know long ago; therefore the utmost condemnation came upon them.
While the grill is preheating, make the chipotle cream by stirring together the remaining 1 1/2 tablespoons cilantro, remaining 1/4 teaspoon salt, remaining 1/4 teaspoon pepper, sour cream, lime juice, chipotle chile, and adobo sauce.
2012 Promotions Schedule
I didn’t end up using the onion like I’d set out to, but it wouldn’t have done much in my opinion anyway. Instead I set about chopping up the chicken, having more luck this time than I did yesterday when I butchered it.
Allegedly this sunshine filled hue will be the tonic for our economic blues and cause us to be filled with imaginative and innovative impulses. Well, in that spirit I've applied mine for you and come up with some great ways to add some sartorial sunshine to your days.
Right On Track Wheel
Now that’s finally something that IS true! They are clueless in finding ways to sell books and they refuse to do what they have authors pay them for—like contacting every media outlet and bookstore within a 100 mile area of their homes.
I didn't major in liberal arts, art history, French or PE. I started out majoring in Aerospace Engineering, a dream of mine, when Boeing laid off 3000 people. OK. Did I stay in my beloved major because it was what I wanted?. No. I switched my undergrad major to something for which there were employment opportunities at that time. And I worked hard. I didn't party, own a car, protest or take the summers off to hang out at my parents, drinking their beer when they were off working to pay for my lifestyle. I knew what I wanted to achieve and that would involve graduate school. I had to do it working full time, not finishing until I was in my 30's.
7. Following a single complaint to OFCOM, what scenes from Tom & Jerry did TV channel Boomerang have to cut out?
My friend advertised that she'd found a cat but after receiving no queries she finally allowed herself to believe that this, Chaka, was to be her baby.
After a drink more and them finishing their disgusting rice-wrapped horribleness, we went and watched Haley Bonar. Truthfully, I can’t tell you what she sang, or what it sounded like, but if I had to venture a guess, I would say it was okay. Nothing great, nothing horrible. But then again, I can’t recall. After her songs, we ventured toward Cause. Now, on the way to Cause is Galactic Pizza. They were selling slices for $2.25 and I distinctly remember pointing out that I should get one or a couple so I could have something to eat from this place which I had heard much about, but never tried out. However, for some unknown reason, we ventured on past the superhero pizza parlor to Cause, which, if you didn’t know, serves much more booze than they do food. So, having not eaten, and passing up what I hear is deliciously amazing pizza, we got more drinks at Cause.
I also never envisioned myself having to defend my kid's english. It is super weird to say "she speaks fluent english! put her in her proper place!!" But at the end of the day it is more weird to have my english-speaking child in an ESL class simply because she is shy and brown.
November 8 - Bil Keane, cartoonist ("Family Circus"), 89
Downton Abbey
Title: The Ruins of Gorlan (Ranger's Apprentice, #1)
Jobcentreplus has the largest contact centre network in Europe so we should be leading the way in contact centre job design and services - especially as we are not selling products but are delivering vital services to some of the most vulnerable people in society. Instead our management are trailing behind with their archaic obsession with targets and pressurising our members. They just look at quantitative targets on numbers of calls answered and the length of time we spend on each call, which is constantly being reduced to impossible levels. Our members recognise clearly that the public, when they get through to us on the phone, want their query dealt with. People do not want to be fobbed off nor have to wait up to 3 hours for one of our hard-pressed benefit processing colleagues to ring them back.
is all her fault
14 Cadillac Ranch (5:02)
Desktop Product Lines & Cost:
I searched my cookbooks and magazines extensively before deciding to go with this blueberry buckle. I've made plenty of crisps and crumbles, but never a buckle, which is basically a blueberry coffee cake with a streusel topping. The thing I love most about this cake is that the blueberries are the star - it's not cake with a few blueberries, it's blueberries with cake to provide support and structure. This blueberry buckle was great for breakfast, but top it with a scoop of ice cream and it's an amazing dessert too!
Combine everything but the couscous in a bowl and mix. Taste and adjust the seasonings to taste. Refrigerate until ready to cook couscous.
Accessories - Sewing Machine, Cuttlebug Embossing Star Folder, Twine, Flag, Black Pearls, Swiss Dots Embossing Folder
YAY!, it is dessert time...........
Ecclesiastes 2:24
This is another latest addition to the several audio interviews which Anita revealed more information on her earlier treatment after having had diagnosed with lymphoma. In this interview, she did reveal that she went back to India and sought Ayurvedic treatment. Despite initial improvement on her state of health, Anita’s cancer worsened over time until she was diagnosed as end stage cancer with lemon-sized tumors appearing all over her body parts.
would lead me
An emotional skeptic seeks accuracy of interpretation above all. An emotion, a feeling, is a sign of something greater than it. What is it trying to get at? (If one believes that the answer is immediately apparent, then one is assuredly not a skeptic concerning emotional matters.) My memoir took me eleven years to write because of this emotional skepticism. Not just any answer would have done — I had to have the right one. I had to discern and interpret reality accurately. Failing to have done so would have jeopardised my personal growth and knowledge of the world around us in its true and essential form. Reality can’t just mean anything at all, and not just any answer will do. Only the right intepretation of reality suffices to make maximal sense of the whole of it.
On hearing this – and presumably because of my alluring pink slippers – northside resident Stephen McGrath comes over to offer his tuppenceworth.
Anyway, I hope you play along with us. Head on over to MTME blog for this week's Pretty Pattern and see the wonderful cards the rest of the team created. Have a great day!
Ryan Westmoreland BOS L 5
- My version of Dragon (version 8, that I paid the best part of £100 for only last year) won't load.
These days, I’m hunting shadows again under ruins and buildings that block the sun off. Why this disdain for the sun, a friend once asked. What answer could I give?
It has been such fun seeing her simple world through my camera lens. Take a look…
'Jack Snacks' are small $2 servings (created with the nearby SBC Park crowd in mind and packaged for takeaway), perfect for nibbling on whilst you peruse the menu. We tried the spicy crispy sage leaves and spicy Serrano ham chips, which only lasted long enough to work up a thirst.
If you would like to see some of the things I have already created, please take a minute to head on over to my Facebook page and see what J.E.Creations is all about! If you like what you see, don’t forget to hit the ‘like’ button so you’ll always be in the know with what’s going on! I also welcome any and all feedback you may have, whether it be about this blog, or J.E.Creations in general, ideas of something you would like to see me make, or a tutorial on something I already make. With your help, we can make this blog into something incredible!
“Will I again be Barca coach in the future? I can’t answer that now. I really don’t know.”
Before I placed my order, they made sure I was choosing the right peel for my skin type by offering me the services of a personal esthetician. I thought I should go for the lowest strength available as my skin is dry and prone to eczema, and Karen confirmed my choice. So I ended up ordering the Glycolic 10% Daily Exfoliator Kit, which retails at $56.
To enter, just leave a comment below letting me know if you've ever tried this stuff before.
From Moshe Rabinovitch, I inherited a farm and a cowshed and yellow hair.
Reception: 5:30 pm, Statistics lounge (MSB 4110, 4th floor)
Here is Wryn Whatcha Doin'? I printed the images slightly larger than my previous card so I had to make the windows a bit larger which turned this card into a larger card. I folded an 8.5 x 11 inch cardstock in half to accommodate both girls and their windows/homes.
So you are hereby all invited to come to:
“The Department of Health and Human Services under radical abortion promoter Kathleen Sebelius has approved the first disbursement of federal tax dollars to pay for abortions, despite an Executive Order that promised the American people such abortion funding would not be permitted.” (from here)
in Germany. The picture may be kind of hard to take for some of you. If
Spring has sprung, the trees are budding, the sap is rising and the daffodils are growing in all parts of the septic isle, aside from Tendring that is.
09-The Acid Queen
I loved the touch of layering the border stickers from the kit underneath one of the photos. I also added detail by cutting out some of the side banners from one of the journaling spots and then tucking my photo behind them.
I celebrated over the weekend by working on a new painting. I’m still thinking about the concept of Stages but, because of the warm, frighteningly wonderful weather we’ve been having in Indiana, I focused on nature and the flow of the seasons for this painting. It is on 300# Arches and is 30″ long and 11″ high. I really have fun with this long format and was pleased at how different this painting looks from my earlier Stages 1.
I love me some Scrat. He’s adorable, and let’s face it; that’s one little dude that knows what he wants.
My next cycle nearest the Witch I noticed that the wall beneath the window had become permeable and there was a startlingly vibrant, green floor on the other side that I quickly realized was grass. It was grass, simple and yet extraordinarily detailed, with each blade spanning the gamut of green, from light-almost-yellow to a deep, luscious emerald. All of the other elements of the dreamscape seemed washed out and pale by comparison. The Witch was turned away from the window although close enough for me to reach, had I hands to touch her with. The contempt of her demeanor and stance, taken alongside the fact that she had caused my involuntary transformation, made it clear that she discounted me and my ability to regain my former state of consciousness, apparently believing that my individuality had already been subsumed by the living structure around us.
Xmas is the season where some extras have been carefully added and served to us on a platter of deceptions. Yes, with a thread of deceit they bring truth and lies together to change the true story of the birth of Jesus Christ. The sad thing is that they have done it with so much craftiness that many Christians fail to see it. Dear friends, the story of Mary, Jesus and Joseph does not need to be reinvented, just retold.
· Experience in creating UI components for mobile devices such as phones and tablets (iOS, Android)
Sticky Strip (104294)
I ran to Michaels to pick up a foam wreath... but they were all small and squared off, like this:
It makes sense, then, that African Americans distrust America’s medical systems.
Fox News has repeatedly attacked President Obama for the increase in gas prices between his inauguration and the present. Your World and The Five noted in February that gas prices had risen by more than 90 percent since January 2009, and others cited the dollar figure of around $1.80 at that time. Fox News also repeatedly aired versions of the following graphic:
I moved house about thirteen times before the age of eighteen, went to seven different schools and since leaving home have moved countries, cities and houses so many times I’ve lost count. And always, along the way, I’ve had books. They have been faithful friends. A place to escape to when you’re sitting in the playground by yourself as the new girl, or on a plane to a foreign country where you don’t know anyone and are feeling a little daunted.
Having the final pick has proved quick difficult as Widhi, The Korean and Anna all selected all but one of the singers I’d originally planned picking and wanting to add some diversity of choices, I’m going to highlight a few alternatives. I generally picked my singers by what I thought they would provide to the show in terms of interesting or powerful vocal performances.
Feelings, and Behaviors
“Possession,” quipped Olivia. “My boyfriend set me up.”
Once I found the candle jar I wanted to add the branch pieces to, it was time to begin chopping with my shears. (The clipping shears are nothing fancy - Trav picked them up at Fred Meyer for less than $10.)
1-1/2 cups red seedless grapes, halved
Check out all the other Krafty Girls' Kreations and be sure to leave them all some loving, because one lucky bunny will win the entire set of three cuties!
Fukushima day
All of our morning prep is done between 7:00-9:00, and right at nine we start our school day.
One of targets of his ire, John McCain, retorted:
We are happy to follow-up with Mayor Bloomberg's December 29th announcement that the Fulton Business Improvement District (BID) legislation has been signed into law.
I can tell Justin Pringle is a guy who's taken a look at all the competition around him then decided to do something completely different. This is admirable. He's a beer geek entrepreneur, and maverick completely fascinated by flavour and that's not just in beer.
But our son-in-law has actually "gone pro" with his "Goodwill Hunting"!
Let's get one thing straight here, people: this movement is not about brats. It's not about a group of people whose behavior in public is disturbing to others. If it were, then many adults would also have to be included in the bans. This movement is about people under a certain age, most of whom are perfectly fine in public, most of the time.
So depending on my mood I can look at whichever side I want.
Oh my goodness, I love our Ellie Lyn. Even when she DOES.NOT.WANT. her picture taken in her adorable new sunglasses!
CR: I read a great deal about the effects of war on those who do the fighting, not just in the current war in Afghanistan and the recent conflict in Iraq, but also in the First and Second World Wars and in Vietnam. There are plenty of first hand accounts, both of fighting and the affects it has on combatants. I also watched films, like Kathryn Bigelow’s The Hurt Locker, series like Generation Kill and viewed ‘Soldier Vision’, video footage put up on the internet by soldiers on active service. I spoke to members of the armed forces who were on active service, but I did not go in for lengthy, extensive interviews. I felt that would be intrusive, inappropriate, somehow.
I told him about my NBBC Ranger IPA test. He said, buy two similar age beers, put the on the shelf for a month, and then conduct your sippy test. Tom believes, after 04-06 weeks, a bottled beer will exhibit degradation; a canned beer, not.
You don’t have kids (yet) so why do you talk about parenting?
A need to save my life.
He will be armed with figures showing that young unemployed people who participate in work experience schemes are nearly 20% more likely to find work.
Well, here’s step one: I’m quitting smoking, cause its the socially “healthy” thing to do, and it’ll save me oodles of money. I don’t even smoke that much to begin with, but since my significant other has declared he will no longer buy cigarettes, he will smoke all of mine when I buy them. It’s expensive feeding two smokers cigarettes on one person’s budget, especially if one smoker happens to smoke a pack every two days.
My self portrait...this really shows how happy I have been!
Add chicken, corn and cream and return to a boil then simmer for 5 minutes or until it starts to thicken. Reduce heat to medium-low and sprinkle in cheese and cilantro; stir to melt cheese. Add lime juice and season with salt and pepper to taste. Serve topped with tomatoes and a dollop of sour cream.
anxiety sucks, and is hard to take, and i hate it.
4) Boxer shorts are far more comfortable than thongs.
Brewery Ommegang
RA update: I got a steroid injection in my wrist so it is %100 better! All else is behaving.
is what happens when you sit all the way across the arena. This was the last of the five performances by The Who at Madison Square Garden in September 1979. It was also the night that The Who stopped playing in the middle of "My Wife" when a fight broke out in front of the stage. Also of interest, Townshend presented Daltrey with a guitar after "The Real Me" for his guitar-work the previous evening when Pete had injured his hand. The Who rocked the crowd with a commanding performance this night. We couldn't have known it then, but it would be almost 17 years until they would return to Madison Square Garden.
She was responding to the news that at least £10.9 million and possibly as much as £20 million is spent by councils across Britain each year translating official documents into a variety of languages.
I’ve been slowly learning how to network. I’ve been using Facebook, Twitter, and had a great time at a women’s writing conference.
On Apr 27, 2012, at 7:38 AM, Russell wrote:
Unto the farthest corners of the Earth.
Large scale socio-economic restructuring in the country including the private sector company I had been loyal to for fifteen years:
I cut myself off after Emma died. I wrote about wanting to be alone, about being an introvert, about simply wanting to wrap myself in my family and never interact with the outside world again. It was me. I think, perhaps, that is unusual in our circle. Too many times, bereaved parents have posted about the stupid/the wrong/the insensitive things others have said to them - some forgivable, others not - others hurtful and cruel beyond imagining. Or, as often, the silence and the failure of words.
We were happy for her and thought that now that her desire to travel has been fulfilled we can relax. But within a year she was packing for her sojourn in china. I asked her if she had any more surprises up her sleeves. She laughed and said, “Life is short and there is so much to see and enjoy”.
"We are completely self-sufficient and we don't get a cent from anywhere. That is why we can speak loudly and independently," he said. Cosatu gets its funding from membership fees, donations and investments.
I have finally used those house images that you have been seeing for weeks!! JoyFold cards....and many of them...I decided to make my change of address cards....Just in case I don't have time once we move!! Signing the contract tomorrow. Let the building begin....Actually most is done...only 60 days needed to complete!!
Stewart Martin (Middlesex University)
I stood up and went to the bathroom and turned on the shower to warm it up.
This was pretty sweet. It was kinda like being in the Mafia. Even though people hated your guts for rooting for the evil empire, they still paid lip service: “Don’t take this the wrong way, but I hate your team and even though we’re probably gonna lose I hope to hell something goes wrong today.” Don’t take this the wrong way? Sweeter words have never before been spoken. I reveled in that fear. Even more intoxicating was the dull resignation; couple that with the utter certainty that no matter what kind of grave USC dug for itself, those lying, cheating, miserly Trojans would dig their way out one 4th-and-9 audible at a time, and you have a recipe for the most beautiful schadenfreude-based foodstuff since schmaltz.
The protest closed with a speech from Yorkshire Youth Fight for Jobs & Education Organiser, Iain Dalton, outlining the need to, instead of nationalising the losses of the banks like Halifax which the previosu New Labour government did, fight for real public ownership under workers control so the wealth of the banks can be used to benefit all, particularly by investing in public services rather than the savage destruction been wrought by the government to protect the profits and bonuses of bankers and the rich.
SNP Glasgow Council candidate Graeme Hendry is widely tipped as the man most likely to run the SNP group after Allison Hunter steps down, his take on coalition is that he is “open minded” which is possibly a clue that the #changeatthechambers crowd aren’t as confident as they previously were about just strolling in.
Deschutes Brewery Cinder Cone Red
We are the Skyscraper Condemnation Affiliates,
None would escape.
K-Rock - Last post: "Hold Me Closer, Tony Danza", March 24, 2009. I understand the pressure of being the only girl in the office, but that's no excuse for disappearing for the last 3 months. I also know that you're busy with Fast Forward Press, but you need to get your priorities straight. I recall something being said about some sort of "pornographic Smurf" post, but anything involving nudity and/or cartoons would be great. I've got to be careful what I say here (we all read the "sexual harassment" memo last week), but unless you produce something soon I'll be forced to punch you in the tit.
A bloody bandanna had been found by a deputy behind the Morton home. Incredibly, the sheriff’s office decided to ignore it and left it lying on the ground.
Photo: Yagihashi-kun in a pinch! Caught in a “chaotic attack”!
While there's a lot of commonality between the two catalogs in how they work to display bestsellers and most popular books, there are also some important differences in how a book might behave in each catalog. These differences, some of which we'll discuss below, are at the heart of many of the misunderstandings around category tagging. If you didn't realize until now there are two separate but equal catalogs your Kindle book could be displayed in, don't feel bad -- you're not alone.
Maybe you are used to the marshmallow covered sweet potato "pie" served so often served at Thanksgiving, maybe you like your sweet potatoes baked and topped with sweet cinnamon butter. These sweet potatoes are usually whipped with cream or butter and then topped with sugar or marshmallows and baked. The result, a dish that could pass for dessert disguised as a side dish.
I'm not the most selfconfident person on world you can find, not at all! There were times in my life I prefered not leaving the house so I wouldn't have to show myself..
We all looked at him. He looked at Sal.
And how can you possibly snub John “The Big Man” Williams, especially when he was nominated for two awards in the same category for two different movies? And Meryl Streep? Oh come on! I know this is only her third Oscar, but she’s been nominated 17 times… We all know she’s good. So good that she doesn’t really need an award to prove something.
Jaeger denim blazer, Arnotts €310
IBU 31
myself at trash 'n' treasure markets.
1-2 dashes of Worcestershire sauce
If all goes well and the baby cooperates, and I'm able to have a normal delivery, she'll let me labor in whatever position I want, including pushing. In fact, she said she didn't want me on my back! It's a far cry from the standard American practice. She also said as long as everything is well with the baby (ie, no meconium, etc.), I can have her on my chest for skin to skin contact right after birth for as long as I want. That was all very positive. Oh, and my blood pressure looks great, and my weight is up less than a pound from two weeks ago, according to her scale. And, I'm negative for Strep B, which means no need for antibiotics, which is also good news. Now she just needs to turn!
It seems like the ten million could have been better spent on things that would be more helpful to society. If they want to spend money on art, why not fund art programs in the schools? Wouldn't the money be better spent in developing businesses with long range plans of creating jobs and recycling more money into the economy? Aren't there plenty of people and organizations that would be more benefited by this money than a big giant rock?
Brandt does in fact have a photographic essay on dream which is included in his major Barbican retrospective. In a series of pictures a woman rises from her bed, meets a bearded figure on the landing, passes him, or another, on the stairs, She floats out summoned by a dreamers’ moon. It is a poor piece of work. The ‘Lullaby of Broadway’ dream sequence from Busby Berkeley’s Gold Diggers of 1935 has far more power and punch and makes Brandt’s look rather pallid. Perhaps he is too close to home: talking about dream rather than experiencing it. What he did experience was far closer to reportage, and therefore, paradoxically, for him, more genuinely dreamlike: its complexities reflecting the complex and marginal career of an outsider.
Can't help myself – I'm floating back through time here, remembering the last time I saw Doll By Doll play live, the night they headlined at the Venue, Victoria, supported by an up-and-coming young Irish band called U2. Within five years, U2 were heading for the stratosphere while Jackie – unable to speak or sing following a brutal assault in the street in 1984 – was down-spiralling into heroin addiction.
“-well, he just disappeared without a trace”. They came up with the idea of “ex-gay” therapy, and because I didn’t want to lose my friends and having to leave my congregation, I accepted. Everything was done in secret, we were all in this small group initiated in the plan and outwardly pretending as “it was raining”. No one in the church, not even my family knew what was happening. Preparations were made and contacts were made for me to go through an ex-gay therapy. I was 33 years old, a virgin until then, had never engaged in sex and drugs, but after being yelled at by the pastors, I felt dirty and emotionally raped, but still, I really wanted to get rid of my homosexual urges, how stupid I was! It was determined that Courage UK a Christian ministry in England affiliated with Exodus International would carry out the repair work. There are different kinds of therapies out there in the ex-gay world, such as talk therapi (CBT), affirmations, or just smashing a tennis racket on a pillow, hugging or surreptitious necking that is the method of Richard Cohen, a self-proclaimed psychotherapist, often seen on You Tube because it’s so veird. I went on the pretext that I should go as a trainee to work as a cameraman in southern Sweden (yes, I have done some TV stuff to). The therapy consisted of many therapy sessions. My therapy involved different types of methods; counseling, prayer and affirmations, where a person is to strengthen his own identity with the help of positive thinking and prayers.
Having a strong social network reduces isolation and stress and stimulates the brain through shared learning experiences and emotional connections. Good friends are good for your brain.
I pray thee, gentle mortal, sing again:
That Many wished to Emigrate.
Ali Hartstein has joined the Cedar Sinai Park team at the Robison Jewish Health Center as part of the recent changes. In her role as the new Admissions and Social Services Coordinator Ali admits every new resident and provides social services for residents in Asher, Miriam, Levi, and Issachar Neighborhoods.
Uniforms
Post 94 of 180
Now the police and MI5 are forced to work together to stop the murders, and Sophia must find her way into the terrifying mind of a serial killer.
I would really love to give each and every one of you something as a form of appreciation for following me this long. But I only have that much to spare~~ T^T Imma poor lil girl~
Don’t smoke?, don’t come in.
There are rules, I had said, they cried, No more.
It's about the names we give things. It's about the rumors we spread with our litbombs. Its about the myths we believe, the myths we make real. Realities and fictions and the ways they cohabitate, the ways they breed. It really wasn't so long ago that travelers reported Africans had tails, and the myth has proved to be resilient. And they all live in mud huts, you know; even the tax code knows this.
Last year, after paying less that $1 for this sweet herb, I planted it, watered it, and cared for it, all the while watching as nothing really happened. Then, during my fall clean-up, I cut it back, saying a little wish for it and hoping that it would survive the winter.
Mr. Smith continued, "After conducting a strategic review of the Professional/Trade business, we have decided to explore opportunities to divest several consumer print and digital publishing assets to focus on information and solutions for professionals and lifelong learners. To that end we recently acquired Inscape Holdings, a leading provider of workplace learning and assessment solutions. The acquisition will combine Wiley's valuable content and global reach in leadership and training with Inscape’s online assessment-delivery platforms, talent expertise and network of 1,700 independent consultants, trainers, and coaches."
pearl sugar
Stella was there...
Justin: I have to fly first class cuz' i'm too fat for coach.
Been reminiscing a bit with old high school friends (I say old….. but I don’t mean it). They’re still the best buncha hooligans goin. I still run into a few who say they hated that time…..…which baffles me but I guess I have to be more understanding cuz everyone didn’t have the same experience I did. Nowadays it seems the pressures of adulthood kinda put the kibosh on finding love on every street corner. Now I cant take credit here.
than its ability to be enforced. By keeping a low profile, we can camp
The Empire did not last a thousand years; it hardly survived the conclusion of the war. No matter; these words are immortal. I have no doubt at all that if England lasts for a thousand years people will still say he was our greatest orator.
1. The first tasks were fairly easy, though not simple. Days one and two both required thought and analysis—but they were within my comfort zone. I had a feeling of success early on.
Stolen.
While reading through the draft agreement, the pig realised he will have to sacrifice himself to be made into bacon. The pig raised the issue with the lawyer and the chicken in a meeting.
All the above assumes I am home for the day! If not, writing fits in around the day job or other necessities as it will. But most days start with morning writing.
McCoy's Public House
The Courts Service shows the plaintiff as “Bumbold Builders” but I think they mean “Rumbold Builders” which has a registered address at Moritz House at the Old Court Centre, Firhouse in Dublin, and it looks as if it is a company in Michael Whelan’s Moritz Group. The case reference is 2012 / 4218 P and the defendant is National Asset Loan Management Limited and there isn’t yet a solicitor on record for NAMA.
4) Can you tell a brief story about one of your friends who has a disability and what you think they bring to their community?
These days, I am obsessed with linens and dress-making.
The complaint alleges that Issa pressured the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) to halt an investigation of Goldman Sachs shortly after he bought a huge stake in one of Goldman’s high-yield mutual funds.
I've been posting fairly regularly on YouTube, and I didn't realize how awesome of a RPG community there is on there. I feel like I've made some genuine friends on there, and we all comment on each others thoughts, and we've even sent gifts through the mail of some of our extra gaming books. My main point, is that even though it is awesome, it has taken up a big chunk of my free time, and I didn't expect that. So be careful of what you are getting into, before you say, "Yes."
While this wasn’t necessarily the most epic story I’ve ever written, I was actually really proud of it. While just covering the meeting wouldn’t have yielded much information about what the district will do now that it has passed the two measures, I stepped up and talked to the people I knew would be able to talk about it. It felt good to feel like I knew what I was doing and who to talk to in order to put a story together. I was able to get something together that had a coherent focus and was relevant to the two measures that had just been approved. It was definitely a moment when I realized that I really am growing as a journalist.
I guess the lesson for today is, sometimes you have to let go when you don't like your art. Just let it go. It happens. Maybe if I say that enough times, I'll really start to believe it.
First, an announcement: The Crow Hill Community Association will be hosting its monthly meeting this Tuesday, December 16th, at 7:30 PM. The meeting is taking place at the Haitian-American Day Care Center at 1491 Bedford, and the CHCA ask attendees to bring a non-perishable food item for their holiday drive. The CHCA serves a large chunk of North Crown Heights, including the stretch of Franklin between Eastern and Atlantic that inspired the goofy title of this blog.
Not sure how they measured the course, but the 25k (15 miles), according to my GPS, was almost a mile long. So really, I ran a 16-miler. No matter, we all ran the same course!
I will not waste this life.
Then it was back to Cindy and John's to buy the Z and get it loaded onto the flatbed trailer. With Drew at the wheel; Pete, John, Jake, Bruce and I pushed the car down the long drive and up onto the trailer. It went much easier than I expected!!
iCloud, by contrast, is free and so far appears to be much more stable than MobileMe ever was. Being free also lends iCloud a certain level of leniency, too, as and when issues do occur.
Here's hoping you'll stick around!
Indochine is quite a long movie about two and a half hours long but worth watching if you feel like a very heavy drama based around romance and a historical basis.
At the same time as these constructions were taking place, another important event in his life occurred – the birth of a son. I have no information on whether Albert-Désiré had other children or not, only that it would be with this son, Jacques, born in 1900, that he would later form a partnership.
For more information or assistance with other long-term planning issues such as wills, trusts, and powers of attorney, contact the experienced elder law attorneys at Janna Dutton & Associates.
His task is to lead a group of zombies on a mission to rescue a rabbit from an animal testing lab. They have to overcome a series of challenges inspired by Homer’s Odyssey, only for woodland animals. They also have to defeat the Lady in Pink (the LIP) who runs the lab and wants to use zombie animals in her testing. In the end they succeed through team work and sacrafice. Milo goes from loafer to leader and gets the chance to move on.
On my drive into work this morning an ex-boyfriend, turned dear friend, called for some advice and a shoulder to lean on. The girl, who we all thought he would marry, broke up with him last night. Granted there was a 10 year age gap and he is ready for marriage where as she is fresh from college. But they truly did seem perfect together and he deserves a break.
After a series of assholes who continually tried to control me and slept around, I thought I found the one man whom I could finally trust. He was the complete opposite and I did not know it until we were dating. I fell in love with him because he was a sweet honest man, one who took life as it came at him. It was not until a few months in that I realised that he had never once called me in the middle of the night demanding I return home immediately, and that I could stop counting the number of condoms in the house.
However, using "The Game" or even parts of it was just not meant to be and I could tell the story was starting to fight me every time I thought about including something from it. So I let it go and the story gained momentum again, ending in a spot that was wholly different than what I expected.
Croquets of Fowel with Piquant Sauce ~ made with cold chicken seasoned with white pepper and mustered and rolled in a pastry, deep fried in lard, served on napkins with fried parsley.
That Ain't My Wife by Swamp Dogg
Making baby food is fun and easy with the Baby Cook. I feel bad that I didn't make Harry and Jack's food-- it is so easy, and I like knowing exactly what's in the food. Um, just food. Maybe some breastmilk. Maybe some water.
6. Commissioners visited the (Swiss) clinic and spoke to the people who ran it. They did not like much of what they saw. (So) should the UK adopt the model used in Holland, which allows a doctor to judge whether someone is ‘suffering unbearably’? People with psychiatric illness, the disabled and the terminally ill all might be considered eligible for an assisted death in that country. It also allows for young people aged 12-17 to request an assisted death, as long as the parents give their consent. Would that be acceptable to us in Britain? We doubt it. And would we want a system that required the ingestion of around 90 capsules of medication in a short period of time, often without the supervision or support of a doctor, as is the case in Oregon? We doubt that Britain would be happy to introduce such an approach.
No, this process involved normally poured beer then the skimming off of the top of the foam (apparently, it improves the quality of the rest) with a silver...'skimmer'(?) and the careful dipping into fresh water of the glass, to remove the overflowing suds (a certain amount of beer goes down the drain every time - wince!) then a gentle wipe around the outside of the glass, but not and I repeat NOT with a dirty slimy coth and not around the top of the glass, where one's mouth was soon to venture.
Sharp Bldg, 37 S Wabash
Maybe it was the wall size (primer) that we used? So we tried it again, on another area of the wall with no size. Again, my luxury wallpaper failed to stick and the sides curled up like a potato chip. At this point I went from frustrated to furious. This was clearly not our fault. We did everything right! And here we are, left with 20 something strips of cut wallpaper that just won’t work. I called my resourceful mother to see if she had any tricks up her sleeve, and actually suggested we call Home Depot to see if they’d accept a return. I thought that surely there was no possibility- we had no receipt, bought it a year ago, and then cut it into a bunch of pieces. But no, Home Depot didn’t mind. The looked up our invoice since it was a special order, and then not only credited us for the cost of our wallpaper, they actually refunded it to our debit over giving us a gift card! I’m sure I would have spent the gift card anyways, but it certainly impressed me. Dear Home Depot: We love You.
Consumption of beverages containing fructose alone rose 135 percent between 1977 and 2001. That is until about 2003. The per capita consumption in the United States actually went down from 2 ounces daily in 2000 to 1.8 ounces a day in 2005. This is still far too much corn syrup to be consuming in a day. But the trend is declining for the first time in over three decades. That’s a really good sign for the health of the community, but a bad one for the companies that sell HFCS.
I only have you
A satisfyingly weird homage to the magazine pledged to publish the best and the oddest of today’s literary world, Lady Churchill’s Rosebud Wristlet is a provoking experience. The only piece of advice that could help prepare readers for some of the strangeness in store for them here, is to avoid reading it right before bedtime.
Getting bigger and bigger.
We did some further checking on the cultural mentality behind this new show, since we have a feeling the independent, feminist essence of Stieg Larsson’s story and the Lisbeth Salander character are going to be ignored here in favor of more prurient interests. Why were we not surprised to discover that “quean” is not a fictional spelling nor contemporary millennial slang? Rather “quean” has a very distinct old-fashioned meaning: “a disreputable woman; specifically: prostitute.” And the example the dictionary comes up with for its use is: “in pirate tales there’s always the raucous tavern and its cadre of buxom queans.” Synonyms include bimbo, chippie, hoochie, hussy, floozy, slut, and tramp.
The sauce will thicken to a nice consistency because the meatballs were lightly dredged in flour before they were browned.
Guess what? I'm a sports fan. I wasn't riveted. In fact, I wasn't watching at all. Do you know why? Evidently not, or you wouldn't waste your time haranguing me with your tear-stained eulogies for another lost crack at glory for American futbol. But it does seem to be genuinely troubling you, so let me clear up the mystery for you.
That’s right, it’s not a misprint; it really does say $.01. So…let me get this straight. Six years ago, they miscalculated what I had and sent me a check for A PENNY less. Somewhere along the way some bean counter came across my penny and determined that they needed to spend $0.42 in postage plus the cost of a sheet of paper and envelope, and send me a rather rude looking letter to let me know. All that..to let me know that they owe me a penny. It gets worse.
I have had this little board book in my drawer for ages, keeping it for the right project. Somehow it never came up and I decided it was time to use it and this blog hop was just the place for it. Initially I had thought about using favourite quotes and phrases from the book and film. Then I thought about poppy fields and yellow bricks and emerald city and was going to do something about over the rainbow locations. Then I looked at the number of pages and double spreads in this little book and it became obvious, I had 4 double spreads and the cover, it had to be the iconic four main characters.
It's been almost eight months since I sold my novel, Calling Me Home, to St. Martin's Press, and it's about nine months until publication. (And in fact, it's only THREE months until publication in Germany!) Some days I find it hard to believe how quickly this time passed, yet I expect the next nine months will really race by.
Make the oatmeal crumble: Preheat oven 350 degrees and grease a baking sheet.
2. Do you read during breakfast? (Assuming you eat breakfast.)
Of my one heart guitar.
The cattle pasture is split into six 78 ha (192 ac) paddocks. Sergio buys cattle weighing 400 kg (880 lbs) and turns them out to finish on these pastures. The cattle will gain 1 kg/day (2.2 lbs/day) for 90 days and then they will be sold for slaughter. This growth is achieved while stocking the pastures at a rate of 2 animals/ha (1 animal/1.23 ac). They bring cattle in this way all year round. The paddocks are laid out with a wagon wheel design and all share a central watering area. There is also a barn for storing mineral and supplemental feed located in the center of the facility.
There is quite alot of victory in having one paper down though. It was chock full of good interview quotes and interesting theories, if I do say so myself. I hope my professors agree.
SM Entertainment has produced BoA, TVXQ, Super Junior, Girls' Generation, SHINee, and f(x), among other stars and idol bands. The audition process is open to any person regardless of their nationality, gender and age.
at ease
22 min: Newcastle are looking formidable now, hassling Chelsea into coug hing the ball up and then circulating it nicely themselves.
And in 1933 Mussolini even promised that the National Council of Corporations would eventually replace the Parliament! Surely the ultimate unionist's dream! And the Chamber of Fasces and Corporations created in 1939 largely fulfilled that promise. Since Mussolini had dictatorial powers by then it was largely tokenism but it nonetheless showed how Leftist his propaganda was.
Something a little lighter. Given your love of good food and cooking are you planning on making Cadet’s first foods? Have you started looking at baby cook books? What regular food are you most excited about introducing him to?
Next step is to turn off your “Orange Layer” and cut out the zipper exactly as you did the orange and place it on top of the apple. You will again have to use your “Transform Tool” to size it and the “Warp” Tool” to conform it to the shape of the apple.
The slippery slope argument can also sometimes cut both ways. It can prevent much needed change by making the process so slow as to be useless by implementing one obstacle after another to be overcome, (the precautionary principle) but more often than not, the slippery slope allows ill-conceived plans that should never be implemented to be promoted and even voted upon and not surprisingly always, inevitably cause more harm than good. (ironically, the same precautionary principle) This is historically the case whenever such population wide change is considered by those that have a stake in the outcome and success of the change to be implemented. How those changes affect the minority most impacted by them is of little concern.
We of the Galactic Federation have been working on this with the other
I find the rhythm a little laboured but it's captivating enough, and one that a parent can read a few times over. Not Karma Wilson's best in my opinion, but it is fun. I actually bought the book because little Miss likes frogs, but the lack of detail meant that the frogginess of the frog wasn't so obvious. Towards the end it barely resembles a frog. Also, the internal belly pictures are too abstract a concept for the younger ones.
The caring invitations of our loving relatives and friends, for some reason, just seemed to intensify our pain and sharpen our sense of loss. Who can explain grief? We didn’t want to go anywhere or see anyone. The three of us just clung together, like we were floating in a vast ocean with one life preserver.
I had never gone kayaking before and it was an enriching experience – truely inspiring. It didn’t matter that I was travelling alone, the kayaking operator hooked me up with another person. If anyone is heading that way, a few tips for noting.
You can get all hung up in a prickle-ly perch. And your gang will fly on. You’ll be left in a Lurch.
Congrats! Thank you! Have a wonderful day!
Don’t get me wrong, this was quite a challenge at first. One, I am navigating life in a second language, which produces no end of humorous miscommunications. I might in a moment forget that embarazada means pregnant instead of embarrassed, or caliente, if used wrong, can convey a whole different type of heat. And secondly, I work with high-schoolers. Many of them in the smack-dab center of puberty. How else do I describe it when a group of my boy students passes me on the street and starts making loud sex noises? My eyes glued forward, and avoiding them.
*Create two invoices & post.
Peter Hennessy, 'Having It So Good - Britain in the Fifties' (Allen Lane, 2006) p 224
In case anything is in question, Elizabeth is in the purple coat. Nathan is the one in the Union soldier hat.
This week's Tuesdays with Dorie was selected by Carol of The Bake More: basic marbled loaf cake. The idea was simple - make the batter for a classic pound cake then divide it in half, flavor each half as you like and swirl the two batters together in the pan. Dorie provided several options for flavor variations, but she noted that the peppermint marble loaf was her favorite. Several of the TWD bakers who made the recipe early in the week tried that version and loved it and since I'm a big fan of the chocolate/mint combo it was an easy decision to go that route.
16 European Stage - Subterranean Wait
Bloggers already understand the magic of online and what it can do for your own potential careers. But what if you aren't a blogger?
All he is left with is his fear and misery
The learning walk ended in my office with a debriefing at which we discussed take-aways and insights. We concurred that we were surprised by how much one can learn from even a five minute visit to a classroom. We remarked on how important it is to utilize prompts to formulate nonjudgmental questions and wonderings. We noted that the learning walk supported us to consider what we can change in our own practice in order to enhance learning. We recognized how enlightening it is to observe classes at each grade level, K-5.
And I bet we continue to get the question after Miss Cameron arrives and comes home (hopefully). And the answer will remain the same. Forever and always.
Obama: Oh, heh-heh. I've been practicing writing the folks back at the homestead.
The study is preliminary, but the results are expected to be similar in the final report.
Additionally, Forbes Magazine reports that we spend between $10 billion and $14 billion on pornography every year – and there’s no caveat to justify it here. Further, those figures only give the monetary costs of plastic surgery and porn. What are the emotional costs that would drive a human being to change themselves to be “prettier”? What of the psychological trauma to women resulting from men who are trained to respond only to artificially created women?
The disappearance of Christ’s body has given rise to rumors of his resurrection, with several unnamed sources claiming to have encountered him on the road to Galilee. Such a feat seems not to surprise his adherents, who maintain their total devotion.
I imagine some luxury-goods customers don't fret if the things don't return value, but I've known some mighty wealthy folks who refuse to pay the freight for an item they consider substandard, overpriced or ugly. And why shouldn't they?
pss ~ yes, it's true ~ I also have facebook.....and it's as neglected as this blog. People think I've up & died. ;-D
So many adventures to be had
I stood in awe with no words to express
Everyone loves going on vacation. Being out of the office, enjoying new sites, eating yummy foods and of course the shopping!
Have an awesome Saturday! We'll be headed to the movies this afternoon to see Beauty and the Best in 3D. :)
Hope everyone's having a fantastic week! Happy Wednesday!
Any health tips for me? Spring something new on me, I like surprises!!
In a small bowl, mix together coconut, sugar, flour and salt. Add the egg whites and vanilla. Mix until all incorporated.
We spent the second half of the day seeing what we could of the rest of the Islands park and the nearby Universal Studios park. Lesson One for those who follow us: Plan one day for each park.
To whom much has been given, much will be required.
Look at the photo above and you’ll see my endorser.
I love being mama to these munchkins. They always give me a good laugh.
(Passionately seen and yearn’d for by one poor little child,
Yes, this post is called minis. I learned a new technique to elicit the relaxation response and reduce stress today when I met with the mind-body psychologist. She said we have limited resources and energy to share so we should expend them wisely. We should respond instead of react. Minis help us do that.
We have talked here too, and in other blogs, about how all this fits together and tried, often unsuccessfully, to plot a road ahead. CAMRA, as an important component of the British beer scene is looking at it too and I'm part of a small working party reporting to the National Executive on the subject. We are in the process of formulating ideas and I'd like to hear your views against the background I have set out. While we haven't fixed our remit in stone yet, it is along the lines of "How should CAMRA react to the growth of craft beer and specifically to the small but growing craft keg sector?"
Comments/RTs as ever welcomed, thanks for reading Jx 
You might have to scroll all the way down to the bottom of my blog and pause my player in order to listen to the videos...or you can just go onto whatever site you like and listen to them.
The Knights of Malta ALL have diplomatic immunity. They can ship goods across borders without paying duty or undergoing customs check. Does that ring any bells? In any case, that is power.
I don't mean the usual
by adding, "In our experience, Callista and I both believe CNN is less biased than Fox this year. We are more likely to get neutral coverage out of CNN than we are of Fox, and we're more likely to get distortion out of Fox."
An unused bead is such a sad thing.
(1 Corinthians 14:18) – I thank God that I speak in tongues more than all of you.
Being in community with others is hard work. As we learned through our discussion of Bonhoeffer’s ideas about community, prayer with and for one another is one of the best ways to come to love and respect each other. As Wuellner puts it, “The health of a community body depends so utterly on its tenderness and its honor toward all its members.”
The price varies on these on Amazon. I bought mine for under $10. Pretty self-explanatory: they're plastic "monster feet" steppers with rope handles to hang on to. Like mini-stilts. They're recommended for kids age 5-8, but I think a coordinated 3 or 4 year old would do fine with them, too. I'm presenting them to Sarina as dinosaur feet, so she can clomp around the house while singing Laurie Berkner's "We Are the Dinosaurs."
Should have closed the windows, love
Being reset in honor the company’s big anniversary, it is the OFFICIAL Tiffany diamond, weighing in at over 128 karats.
AWP: What were your favorite childhood things to do?
Poppy seeds- 1 tsp
We (and other young women) were put in a line, and some sassoonists walked along the line examining each person's hair. They ran their fingers through our hair, making comments, and dismissing everyone whose hair was deemed inferior. All of my flatmates failed this hair test; their hair had been worked over too many times by chemicals and heat. They were told to leave.
“The Obama Administration has used Creative Commons licenses in a variety of ways, from licensing presidential campaign photos, releasing information on transition site Change.gov via a CC Attribution license, to requiring that third-party content posted on Whitehouse.gov be made available via CC Attribution Only as well,” (Creative Commons). Even Nine Inch Nails has released two albums under Creative Commons licensing.
Do you have any plans to promote your music in the US, or in any other countries?
Julia’s assembly was overseen by federal czars at the U.S. Department of Truth and Gender Warfare. Her early development was facilitated by a number of taxpayer-funded programs such as Head Start. She leans forward, slightly.
One-quarter cup hoisin sauce
The solution is to uninstall each “live” app, especially those with active widgets, and test to see if this resolves the issue. Be patient as sometimes it takes a bit for them to figure out the evil sibling is out of the room. It’s a hunt and peck game, though, so watch a movie or television show while you’re at it so you feel like you aren’t totally wasting your time.
and you are a citizen, that's fine. But if someone is applying to be a
We go to the zoo to look at amazing animals and all they do is stare at each other ;)
11/05/2007 33.43
On Amazon, the Farrar, Straus and Giroux edition is listed as Shadowchild: A Meditation on Love and Loss but the Bloomsbury edition simply calls it Shadow Child. The title in the original Dutch is Schaduwkind. It’s a popular title, in fact Libby Purves has just published a novel called Shadow Child which she wrote following the death of her son. She, however, decided to fictionalise the experience rather than do the same as Auster and Thomése:
I had the same issue with Tomas Alfredson’s new film version of Tinker Tailor Soldier Spy that I did with John Le Carre’s novel – it’s a meticulously plotted, densely realistic world without a single character I care a bit about. The movie may suffer more from this malady than the book does, as with a running time of just over two hours, some of the tertiary characters – even some of the secondary characters – get short shrift. If you can’t tell the prospective culprits apart, how invested can you get in the hunt for the mole?
To keep the meal relaxed keep in mind that accidents happen. Drinks get spilled elbows get in the way of others.
Let us first analyze these initial themes and order of these teachings/sayings so that we may discern what Luke is attempting to tell us through these teachings of Jesus.
The laws that are contrary to the Word of God
