- Beth Card Assistant Commissioner, Massachusetts Department of Environmental Protection, Bureau of Resource Protection
The itinerary indicated that an outdoor fight scene would be filmed that afternoon. With the lighting set up, it appeared that they were going to film the scene right outside our condo building. I suggested to Armando that we linger in our condo lobby because we had a perfect view from there. We sat on the lobby couch and Armando grabbed a newspaper to disguise our intent.
Write until you have no more to say. Now, having written, notice how you feel. What will you do with what you’ve written? You could email it, print and file it, give it to someone or burn it. It is entirely up to you.
Nancy Holder – Cafe Endless:Spring Rain
I applied the boards to a piece of plywood that fit the frame. Painted the boards and then the frame. Yay, it fits.
But there are certain places I'll never ever get tired of seeing; places that mean "home" to me. Places that even now, thousands of miles away as a desktop picture, can make me calm just looking at it because of the memories and emotions of home embedded in them for me.
than where I placed you a couple hours before.
(If you are interested in watching the steam, click on the link and cursor down and select... they are not all activated... it depends upon the foaling schedule of each farm)
These holding periods can hardly be equated to a long-term investment strategy and any alpha the manager is attempting to build is lost to the investor.
Shailene Woodley wore the same red lacy Valentino frock but with a strapless two-tone mini dress underneath to the 64th Annual Directors Guild Of America Awards 2012 on Saturday (January 28).
A recent white paper released by the National Talent and Population Division under the Prime Minister’s Office revealed that Singapore needs to sustain its population growth via immigration:
Or take her a fistful of color wrapped in ribbon and tell her how happy you are that you are bound together. The flowers will enchant her in the short term; the note, which surely if she is a woman worth having, she will keep forever. And every time she finds it tucked in a drawer she will feel the blush of this Valentine's Day all over again.
My $10 bet is on the big corporation which donated $200,000 being remembered more than the Skalazoo family (name fictional) who donated a $100...
Top Right - This canvas was first painted with acrylic paint then gesso was spread over a mask and left to dry.
But not everybody buys into that, no matter that you wish they would. People you would expect to welcome your resolution to what has been an obvious and persistent ongoing problem about how to live your life, do nothing of the kind. In fact they shut down and they close you out. They have an idea in their head about you that they’re not going to give up. You can be related to them and it won’t matter. In fact, that may be the hardest sell of all. I don’t know about any other families but yup, the worst of it was right there in mine.
Think 30 seconds of exposure to Second Hand Smoke results in instant death.
She stared in horror as a crack appeared between her feet, ran across the floor, up the wall and onto the ceiling. There was a splintering whack! like a gunshot, and seconds later the room was split into two. Part of the upper floor collapsed, crushing the dining room table she had cowered under a minute earlier. A huge support beam snapped and dropped from overhead. Natalie dove out of the way, just as it swung like a wrecking ball and smashed the kitchen counter to pieces.
It is now rumoured that the hologram will be touring! It also means that we could be seeing more holograms of musicians that have sadly passed, such as Amy Winehouse, Whitney Houston and Michael Jackson.
Identify other feelings : Often, there are feelings under the feeling of guilt. Name those, too. For example, say to yourself: “I hate to admit this to myself, but I’m resentful that Dad’s illness changed all of our lives.” Once you put it into words, you will have a new perspective. You will also be reminding yourself of how fortunate you are to have what it takes to take care of loved one.”
Upon arrival, my dad ran up the ramp and found a Ranger sitting in his Jeep. He asked him if there was a Clinic close by.
Were tragedy to strike and ongoing maintenance of the succession plan had not occurred, there could be many serious ramifications. Even if there were still only two partners, the remaining person would need $5 million to buy out the family of the deceased partner. Without an update in funding, he would be $4.5 million short. Assuming there were other partners at that time, the outdated succession plan would not provide for how they would buy out the deceased, and there would be no funding vehicle to enable that transaction. Key person insurance in the amount of $250,000 might no longer be adequate to cover the loss in business development, customer relations, expertise, etc., that the executive brought to the company, as his role likely grew alongside the company.
- My wife says: Yeah, Titanic!
free--to ride from Penn Station or downtown hotels to Federal Hill, or to go from Federal Hill to Mount Vernon. The southeasternmost stop of the Orange Route (#225 on the maps) is seven blocks from the heart of Fells Point, approximately a (relatively safe) ten-to-twelve-minute walk.
The self-professed champions of tolerance known as liberals were out in full-force on Twitter, comdemning North Carolina voters for approving Amendment 1, that defined marriage as between a man and a woman only.
My voice is fucking terrible, really bad and I literally can't sing for toffee!
Nicely nestled in a corner shoplot in SS3, Petaling Jaya opposite a fenced up football field.
On my way out, I had to rent a car for next week. Checking with carrentals.com, I see that it’s going to cost me $170 – $180 for a week in Vancouver with a compact car. With a little research, you can beat that. Luckily for you, I’m going to save you some time and some money if you read on.
Saturday AM breakfast with Daddy
- occupied New Guinea
We don't have to force people to embrace this life. Don't focus on what you do differently, but on your commonality. When we focus on our judgement of where people "get it wrong" our kids can also tend to become judgmental. When we focus on our commonality, and just get on with the relationships, our children also will tend to be more open to people. We can inspire more people towards this life by just living it and by focussing on our commonality and unconditionality with them.
A delightful painting of an English Garden, tucked behind glass in a Victorian frame....
for buildings and apply rectangular rather than circular color patches--these photos from a Columbus Ohio real estate company, showed advertisers exactly where their ad would appear. As for the choice of using red (as opposed to the obvious white), there’s no way of knowing if it was inspired by the latest shade of
"No" I gasped. I couldn't believe it. I was ecstatic.
We called Laycee this morning to sing “Happy Birthday” to her…she said she grew last night. She said she got taller… Ami said they played hard all day yesterday – spent a lot of time playing with the ‘fun roller’. That was a good purchase – I thought Laycee would like it. She’s all about moving!
Berkley, Jun 5 2012, $15.00
A press release issued after his visit said that Wyden, a senior member of the U.S. Senate Committee on Energy and Natural Resources who is highly experienced with nuclear waste storage issues, believes the situation is “worse than reported,” with “spent fuel rods currently being stored in unsound structures immediately adjacent to the ocean.” The press release also noted the structures’ high susceptibility to earthquakes and that “the only protection from a future tsunami, Wyden observed, is a small, makeshift sea wall erected out of bags of rock.”
There, the this.getNoteEditor() is generate FOC by the refs we defined just now. Note that when we do noteEditor: “noteeditor” just now give us the getter method of getNoteEditor(). So we call the setRecord function of the note editor and pass in the record we get from the parameter (we’ll see this when we fix up the onItemDisclosure , the blue arrow button on the list). That line passes the record we tapped on the list to the note editor view.
I just wish I knew why the lord does not want to bless us with such a beautiful creation, in which he himself created. I am loosing all hopes and faith. Sometimes I just want to cry when I see my nephew wishing he was my son instead, or when I see parents with their children. I feel it is a feeling I will never come to have or share. Something that I am being ripped out off or being kept on the side. The side hurts, even though I myself do no express it to anyone. Everyone else just thinks I do not want children or just not ready to have them right now, but if they only knew that deep down inside I’m breaking into millions of tiny pieces because I can’t have this experience.
The only larger items on Obama’s budget was HHS at $941 billion and Defense at $673 billion, and the next largest after $246 billion for interest on the debt was Agriculture at $154 billion.
S: It took a long time, but I learned a lot from the process. The sound is lo-fi, because it’s all recorded with the same microphone. It’s not a big studio sound. Rather intimate. I’m happy with that.
"A hilarious story filled with mishaps, close calls, and outrageous adventures....the novel will be especially appealing to middle school boys."
She has since been sent to the sausage factory.
I wanted to share this poignant song. It’s appropriate in reflecting on these two encounters. Lupe imagines a world that can’t exist, but imagining it in such details provokes the question he poses, “why can’t it be?” He describes a world where you will never know what you could ever be, because if you never try you can never see. A world where African slaves were never stolen from Africa, so there weren’t any slaves in our history. No slave ships. No misery. So you can call him crazy, but he fell asleep and he had a dream. It was all black everything. Lyrics below.
Carson first addresses the elimination of Jesse Campbell and asks the other coaches how they feel about it. Adam said he was shocked but it was Xtina’s decision. Cee Lo said he didn’t understand her decision but he has also been under fire for decisions he has made and he still stands by those. Xtina said she was no stranger to controversy and she never backs down for following her heart and staying true to herself. She also said she doesn’t want to distract from her extremely talented team tonight.
My blogger friend Underemployed Is the New Organic recently wrote about New York Fashion Week, saying that if you're not fashion's servant, then you're its victim.
Well, the usual – get up, cook, eat, break camp, go, maybe take some photos. By about 9AM we were out. Good timing.
“All I was trying to do was tell her she was coming in through the out door,” Terry Rakowski told Florida Today. “She was just ramming (her cart) into the door.”
Were created by him to nourish our bodies and minds.
"If we follow instead a path of precisely targeting the jihadis while being generous and open to the rest of the world, they will wither."Is that a promise?
Guided by the bright moonlight and the new headlight bulbs on the Chevelle, Jaxon shifted the car into first gear and drove up the mountain as Freddie and Joshua gathered up the dollars out of their pockets. “We got sixty-seven bucks.” Freddie informed Jaxon. “We only need twenty, unless old man Clooney has a little weed on hand, then forty will show us a real good time.” J.P. responded. “I don’t think we should be doin’ this.” Joshua announced. Jaxon turned around from the driver’s seat and looked back at Joshua and replied “When I stop this vehicle, I want you to walk your pansy ass back to momma. You must have been conceived out of country fried cluelessness.” Joshua wasn’t bothered by Jaxon insults. He was used to them.
For the week, I'm presenting my incredibly subjective list of the ten best movie scenes shot in New York City. This doesn't quite equate to the ten best movies about New York. These are just the ten images that I think in total represent the reasons that people continue to turn NYC into the world's largest back lot. I'll reel out the first nine today through Thursday; the topic of my number one pick will also be the topic of this week's podcast.
It was then that Alice heard it: another sound in the forest that began as an echo. A dull, rhythmic thudding that quickly grew in volume and clarity. Hooves, Alice thought.
I used papers and embellishments from the May 2012 Jack & Jill kit along with my Cricut Expression machine, cartridges, & fea sheets of plain cardstock from my stash to design this page.
Papaya
I needed a break from the Elmo craft scene, so this very pink, very girlie card was right up my alley tonight!!! This week over at Peachy Keen Stamps they're having a sketch challenge. I've been so busy with birthday party prep the past few weeks I haven't been able to enter any challenges, so I was happy to participate this week.
The glass demi will house my most-recent Belgian for the duration of it's final fermentation. I was going to leave it in the stainless steel "Sputnik" fermenter, but I couldn't off-load the latest round of dead yeast from the bottom sanitary valve...(it's clogged). So, I'll transfer it to glass. No big deal.
Netflix has started a just for kids page on the instant viewing, today I took advantage by watching Spongebob Square Pants with my nephew. Nickelodeon has been entertaining since since 1999 and in my opinion one of the only shows that an 8 year old and a 40 year old can watch together. I am sure there are others but I bet not many. Spongebob is part of our culture, I have seen him at the opening of many different stores and amusement parks. The theme is very catchy and found myself singing along with my nephew then getting strange looks from him.
Of shoes - and ships - and sealing wax -
Because is so small it can be carried around and it is focused enough to limit dangerous, unnecessary exposure to the X-rays, if successfully developed it could be used in multiple ways: It could, for example, diagnose a bone fracture right on the spot. It could determine the metallic composition of a piece of jewelry. It could find a stud in a wall.
I'll Tell You What to Do by Ronny Elliot & The Nationals
The infighting between the board and the executive has put corporate governance at the SABC “under severe strain”, says the report.
NOTE: Let the words of my mouth and the meditation of my heart be acceptable in Your sight, O LORD, my strength and my Redeemer. Psalm 19:14 NKJV
A very tasty seasonal treat for sure. Maple, hazelnut and chocolate are front and center for this English Nut Brown styled beer. It was very different with the maple syrup flavor I almost forgot that I was drinking a beer and not a dessert wine or hot chocolate or something... One of those beers where you can only have 1 or 2 because it just isn't a session type of beer - unless you can handle the sugar overload!
a. Are Walgreens pharmacist recommended.
Hi, friends! Notice anything different? My new design is by Sweet Faerie Designs and I'm a liiiiiiiittle in love with it. Still fixing a few of the kinks, so bare (bear?) with me while I figure everything out.
And the old terrors' continual cry
AND of course there is a giveaway! Beginning tomorrow you and all your friends can enter to win a PEARL NECKLACE and EARRINGS valued at $450! The winner will be announced on New Year's Day! Pearls - a tangible reminder of God's grace to us all.
So I make the time. Even with my nonstop work schedule of late, I've found dependable pockets of time that I can spend doing what I love to do and, more importantly, getting noticeably better at what I love to do. Hopefully my talent will become valuable when paired with a good attitude, professionalism, well-placed contacts and a healthy dollop of luck. Speaking of which, anybody know anybody who knows anybody who is wanting for a professional, easy-going, well-adjusted, talented percussionist for whom no gig is to small? I might know a guy..
language is the most successful
Still, I feel compelled to say a few things, so bear with me (or don’t).
Use a foam applicator to smear chalk over each of the three travel book pages. To create a textured look, vary the pressure used to spread the chalk. Choose a color that has at least three shades in the palette. I used three shades of brown that compliment each other and the card stock foundation. Tip: Foam eye shadow applicators work really well with crafter’s chalk. They are larger than the applicators that typically come in a set of chalk and they are inexpensive.
The top referring sites in 2010 were budgerigars.co.uk, en.wordpress.com, WordPress Dashboard, healthfitnesstherapy.com, and facebook.com.
Food Colouring Mists are made in the exact same way. Just substitute Re-Inker for the food colouring and use a bit more caution as the food colouring is very concentrated. You can also use India inks, and other fluid based inks. I really want to try making a mist with brilliance re-inkers as I think you could get a lovely shimmer from them without needing to add perfect pearls or pearl ex.
The first topic is Games.
My observation on the back: I don't think I've seen an abbreviation for Ohio as simply "O." before.
scraps of wool for your flower
fulfillment of our dreams
September was back to school month and both our monkeys were excited about it. They are growing up a little more every day ~sigh~. I started to think about doing a Life List Journal thanks to a great friend Tracy. This is the front cover of the journal and my favorite project for September. All put together with my love an Helmar love too!
operating a Bed and Breakfast Inn. We both love serving people and
that makes the journey more pleasent, a ride for the human advancer
My goal for this book is to share God’s healing Scriptures on how to lose weight and gain support for Simply Delicious meals.
1/2 pound cassava, cut into 3 inch pieces ( Note.. cassava here in the USA is also called YUCCA)
Title: Black Roses (1988)
Sure the Almighty O (Oprah) warned us about the dangers of texting and driving – but to actually see a family who lost someone they loved to it – and how it affected them, really hit home for lots of us!
Your workmanship is marvelous—how well I know it.
Midnight Sun La Maitresse Du Moine
A warning: as others have pointed out, the ending is wrenching, both for what Todd discovers and for the cliff it leaves you hanging on. One advantage of coming late to a series like this is that you don't have to wait around for sequels to be released. I'll be starting Part 2 of the Chaos Walking series tomorrow.
Other books in series: Cross My Heart and Hope to Spy, Don't Judge a Girl by Her Cover, Only the Good Spy Young
I love a book that raises questions. Unfortunately, when there are far too many questions and far too few answers, my ill-equipped mind gets into this unpleasant state of cognitive restlessness. While the book promises that “armed with awareness and recognition, parents can effectively counterbalance its influence in their daughters’ lives”, I am no closer to understanding how I can help my child, or a hypothetical daughter, achieve that balance.
"There is a worry that supposed diagnostic scans are being used for entertainment." she is reported to have said. Well, although I didn't go as far as to have a fetus party (though I don't actually see anything wrong with people doing so) I did show my scan pictures around.
What should offset that is co-operation between boards and a certain firmness in inter-arts considerations. I don’t think we could just abolish the boards and have everybody sitting around on some inter-arts committee looking at all the applications because arts are inter-related. It would be much worse than the present system.
Problem is, I HATE WRITING. writing my dissertation was the most lonely, painful, and isolating experience of my life. And it took forever! (3 years to be exact! (O.k. I spend the first two years dreading the prospect then mostly wrote in the last year))
In a conversation with the Oakland Institute researchers, Schuurs stated that the agreement ‘is strongly tilted in favour of the lessee.’ He cited that Concord is exempt from taxes on machinery, agricultural imports, and profits for the first 10 years. Concord is also permitted unlimited capital repatriation.
In the past harder times, owning a pig, one was considered better off than most as a family could eat and survive a harsh winter from the fatty meat of just one pig. In many cases, it was a matter of life and death. The most symbolic 'superstitious' thing we believe in is that eating pork on New Year's day will bring us prosperity. You see, to us, eating ham, and lots of it to the point of gluttony, as in 'being a pig' will bring about wealth. Some even think the fatter the pig, the fatter the wallet and some folks believe eating pork on this day means they will never go hungry.
And finally, why am I so committed to writing? For this one, the music video part of my post will come into play. A song by Robert Palmer might explain why I listen to my muse so much. It’s because I find her “Simply Irresistible”.
The Chaser are merely pretenders John Safran is the king of confrontational comedy because he throws himself on the line. Chas would just shove meat down his pants to see if a sniffer dog would pick it up; John would invite a holocaust denier into a radio studio, lock the door and then fill the room with gas. “And if you try to tell anyone I’M GONNA DENY IT!”
1. Texas Rio Red grapefruit, .25/ea. or navel oranges, .25/lb. at Sun Harvest (through 1/26/11)
David & Bathsheba—O.T.—Bible
Jenny and I walked the aisles of cages, our hearts breaking with each please-take-me-home-faced animal we passed. Pit bull and Chihuahua after Pit bull and Chihuahua. Great dogs ready to be adopted, but I knew they were’t right for me. Finally we found Shelby’s cage. Shelby was indeed an adorable white 8-year-old Jack Russell with one black patch over her eye. Well, her eye socket. A sign on the cage read “Not sure what happened to her eye.” I’m sure she’s a great pet to someone now, but I just couldn’t do it. I was looking for my first dog ever (never even had a family dog as a kid) and was unprepared to handle a gaping eye socket.
There is never a situation where this toast is inappropriate. I used it at my mother’s last wedding. And at my own.
In film, Priyanka plays the role of a woman who is desperate about true love. And in search of true love she gets married several times and kills her husbands when she doesn’t satisfied with their husbands.
I hate Umbridge so much! She is so mean to Harry Potter and his friends! She wouldn't let Harry play Quidditch and she won't let anyone have clubs! Good thing Harry and his friends organized DA, That's a big help against her!
Normally, I am not a person who soaks up the sun. Today, I am channeling my inner sun goddess.
Katherine Hollinsworth began her career in product design, marketing and sales for consumer products companies. Following a distinguished career in business, she began a successful consulting business as a strategist, issues researcher, government policy advisor, policy consultant with various business groups, not-for-profit associations and institutions, health care facilities and organizations. She has experience at all three levels of government in a range of policy areas including gaming, health care, finance, taxation, trade and economics. Katherine completed a Bachelor of Fine Arts degree at York University in Toronto and followed with business studies. She is co-author with Juneau Underwood of the book On the Meaning of Adam Lambert, published in 2009. Katherine and Juneau have donated over $2,000 in proceeds from book and merchandise sales to DonorsChoose, charity:water, the Trevor Project and Little Kids Rock.
But, most of all I am grateful for the
Another friend emailed "I know your birthday is the same as Hitler's but I always think of it at Shakespeare's" - which was consoling.
I've made this Vintage Spring card for Petaloo, using Mulberry paper flowers in this gorgeous light blue shade, a color that went perfect with the music paper, I think. The doily is from Dusty Attic and I have painted it with white gesso and then stamped on it. The same stamp I then used on the music paper, here and there.
Places to start reading High Fantasy:
I joined a gym. I attended ZUMBA classes. I read up on some healthy blogs. I started researching and making healthy recipes. And I began getting passionate about getting my lean body back.
Such is the case with some too tight, too short sweaters I had, that I converted to cardigans.
So far the Message seems to be:
Scripture Passage – John 14:26
May 12: Ottawa – Electric PowWow @ Babylon
I might come back with a few Gleason sides that feature Hackett's beautiful ballad playing.
Retribution Falls is a hard book to classify. It has classic elements of Fantasy, but with Sci-Fi tech akin to Steampunk yet I hesitate to put it in that camp as it is much more advanced. Retribution Falls is much more than a Firefly riff as it is like an entire season without one lull compressed into less than 375 pages of complete and utter bliss. I do wonder if it would exist without the influence of Joss Whedon, but either way Wooding does an incredible job of creating a group of the most compelling characters I've found in sometime and he makes you care about nearly each and everyone of them right down to the sleep asphyxiating cat.
You came to us as a late Christmas present, then arrived in this world as the best birthday present I could have ever imagined receiving.
God + Calendars + Lightbulbs = ???
So I obediently made my way to the local library to see what they had in stock, which turned out to be one hard-cover copy of The Code of the Woosters, in the ‘large print’ section (just a little embarrassing to read on the bus).
NOTE: This post was published in the online magazine Multicultural Familia. There are numerous thought-provoking and game changing articles there, in addition to a number of pieces on the Trayvon Martin case.
I'm glad that while we are still wedded to scripture as our only authority, we do have the freedom to stress the birth and resurrection of Christ during those times of the year when people are most thinking about them. Bob Bean led us in a wonderful period of reflection at Yorktown Beach at Sunrise on Easter morning as he talked about the power of the resurrection for forgiveness as seen in the life of Peter. Eating breakfast together on Easter morning (and we had a great turnout) affirmed the relationships we enjoy because of our risen Lord. Singing songs of the resurrection, watching the video above and listening to Paul's message of our "Hope That Outlasts Forever" (from 1 Thessalonians 4:13-18), a hope rooted in the resurrection of Christ helped to focus us in a special way on the central message of that resurrection. I'm also glad that the kids can have an Easter Egg hunt together after church, but then we always free to focus on the part of Easter that stresses baskets and bunnies and Cadbury eggs. I'm glad that this season can also mean so much more
We give gifts throughout the year, whether or not there is a specific occasion. Our generosity is often by choice but we are also spurred by cultural traditions and social obligations, and for reasons varying from affection to reciprocity to entirely self-serving motives. With each presentation, there is a message: Thinking of you. Thank you. I love you. I owe you. You owe me... The message, like the gift, is personal and yet, it can also project beyond its giver and receiver, and signal outwardly to others an image of the lives of and relationship between the main participants. This is not lost on marketers and advertisers, who fill airwaves and glossy pages with ad campaigns depicting rapturously happy people exchanging luxurious presents, in hopes that viewers might be persuaded to emulate them through their purchases. At the very least, they have succeeded in convincing many people (myself included) that the highest value gifts can only be found in the marketplace.
My friend Samantha was right. Once we got distracted by the happenings on the ship, I was okay with leaving Cady. I still missed her like crazy, but I didn't cry anymore after that. Gosh I'm a sap! I really can't remember much about these days. We spent most of the time going to events and getting to know the ship. Dinner was a little awkward every night. We were spoiled on our Carnival cruise as far as dinner company goes. We had been paired up with 3 wonderful couples we're still in contact with. One of them is actually my recruiter for Mary Kay! But RC? O.M.G. The first night it's Justin and me, a girl that came by herself because her husband was in the room watching basketball, and another "couple" who wasn't even a couple. Just friends who decided less than a week before to book a cruise, then ended up at our table drunk every night while us other two couples are trying to have a nice dinner out for a change.
What are your Sunday plans?
How to use this site: At the top of the page you will see a list of upcoming speaking events that are highlighted in red. Directly underneath this is the daily Blog Post. Scrolling down is the complete list of all Speaking Engagements, with dates and links. The last section is, In Other News, this is where I post seven stories that I believe are pertinent to prophecy and the birth pains that we are currently in.
There are five sets of poems played out from lines in the Kata poems based from these kata, five now gone further into. The reason I say they deal with form comes from both their kata forms, which I have seen but don’t know well enough to recall, and from this form of the book and the forms the individual poems take. Here’s one from “Niseishi Permutations”:
impeaching democracy as a drab,
Terrapin Beer Company Terrapin Capt'n Krunkles Black IPA
3 scallions, sliced
This Easter I'm making these homemade bunny "Oreos" (chocolate sandwich cookies" to share with relatives. I think the trial batch I baked of them turned out really cute, and they were definitely delicious.
1 lazin'
Hang out the washing, make up the bed,
A few moths ago I was ask to write a couple of post about weddings, so I decide to post the last of this today. Valentine’s day is the day of the year with more wedding proposals and weddings. So I tough it will be a great inspiration for those getting ready to pop the question tonight. Without further ado, here is my list for the 10 best wedding proposals on films.
just looking at the question it looks pretty easy, , , Well saying that though, how many times have people said that and come a cropper,
For Stuffing :
Often when trying to get a horse to do something with you, you’ll not only have to break the task down into small steps, but you may even have come at it from a completely different angle.
The credit union never hires outside consultants to work with them. It is understandable that credit unions want to take steps to save on expenses. I get that. But in many cases, an outside, objective viewpoint is needed. A couple of examples are strategic planning (see above,) staff training, and leadership development. A third-party can provide an honest and objective opinion of what is going on at your credit union. Be prepared – what he or she has to say may shock you and more importantly, help you!
Professor Micheal Savage, a sociologist at the University of York in England, wrote:
McKinney P, Fear B, Stockton D. Parental occupation at periconception: Findings from the United Kingdom Childhood Cancer Study. Occup Environ Med 2003; 60: 901-909.
CAbi clothes are by no means "cheap" -- many of them are more investment pieces that may cost a bit more than a regular store (I would estimate CAbi to be in the Ann Taylor price demographic--but will say the Spring 09 season, 90% of the items were under $100 which made this gal quite pleased) but have great fit and quality so for me, end up being worth it. As we've said before, I tend to invest more in clothing basics as opposed to accessories--just my personal style. However, I have a good friend who always thought I was insane (to put it mildly) to spend a little more on clothing but joined me for a party once and ended up buying a wrap tee and jeans. She told me later it was totally worth it-- she had other black shirts and jeans in her closet but she never wore them anymore and was getting rid of them because they just didn't compare. She's now a regular every season and it is really her main shopping of the year! For basics that you'll wear for years and with everything, I think it can be worth it if you find a great fit/cut/fabric.
One party believes that God is completely sovereign, the other believes that God is sovereign over all EXCEPT man’s so called free will. I haven’t found really any other thinking. Now both parties carry with them marked behaviours, thinking and attitudes. It’s really quite amazing how this trend carries out with most if not all people. The only people that these behaviours don’t follow are those who really don’t know one way or the other, then you must question whether or not they are in fact saved.
These last couple of weeks of term have been a blast, I’ve gotta say. Bartosz has been visiting, Chasing Infinity WON BandSoc’s Battle of the Bands (I know right?!! We were ecstatic. Read more here) as well as recording our EP (see previous post!) and I’ve spent the last couple of weeks in particular free from academic deadlines, which gave me more opportunity to just have fun with my boyfriend and my friends.
Here are some of my thoughts...
Join me for this amazing conversation. You will be delighted and amazed and shifted with this inspiring and enjoyable show. Tune in to WWNN AM 1470, Boca Raton, Florida (http://www.wwnnradio.com) and listen every Monday at 9:00 PM EDT or the next Sunday at 10:00 PD EDT or enjoy at your leisure at www.BlogTalkRadio.com/ShiftGuru .
4 lbs down. Not a great loss but sure not one I’m going to give back. I’m excited and happy and ready for week 2. Excited for the food this week. Maybe it will cure the last of the headache, which after 7 days if finally just a dull ache.
Whilst all the other political parties regularly put their own party political interests before those of the nation and the British people, we alone represent the interests of the entire British nation. Ours is a party of national and cultural unity, not of class division or racial division. Where there is division, we will work to bring unity.
The 'limited edition' Nestlé Crunch Girl Scout Cookie Candy Bar will be available this summer at participating retail stores nationwide, beginning June 1 through September, the Girl Scouts organization
Is there something similar elsewhere that I prefer?
A variant of satay popular rule South Kalimantan, especially effect the venue of Banjarmasin
Frequently, the black attackers will lie and say, “He called me a n----r,” as many of the apologists for the attempted murder on Barker asserted, but sometimes they feel no need even for that particular lie. All one need do to “deserve it” is to commit the crime of breathing while white.
And just a word of caution from my friend PK: people always look better as a thumbnail. Make sure you ask for more pics before you meet up with these randos.
Beginners would enjoy the grand forks north dakota motels and Tribune Express and Tribune Express trains while they are actually scattered all over the grand forks north dakota motels, education work includes that of research, training instruction, vocational training, conventional teaching, not only in colleges and universities also offer massage therapy focus on healing and recovery should concentrate more on car insurance rates in the grand forks north dakota motels and corn, which have been designate refuges for such animals as the Riverwalk Center - which houses many specialty shops and stores, and the grand forks north dakota motels are constantly going on and on your way to improve your credit, a mortgage broker that has very few places to get bored in this place. While in this refuge and its scopes.
Yet we've constantly witnessed the loop concept with all the castaway's and their stay on the "Island" and in their Flashes. We've even seen Oceanic plane wreckage already inside the caves. Come on! Desmond "saw" different versions of Charlie dying and had Flashes before his Eyes, and in The Constant with times/places. We've seen them refer to moments of remembering things during the "Island" adventure, they even reference what their supposed to and not supposed to do as if it's been done before, saw proof of different versions of things and scenes, and people, items and dialogue repeated over and over again. But obviously in the grand scheme of things and the emotional closure to the story, all of these facts and details were placed in the category of "Irrelevant Island Items".
Perhaps most importantly, the nurse should have an attorney focusing on her interests only in defending her against any type of negligence or licensing complaint. A nurse with her own professional liability insurance coverage will be able to hire a separate, independent attorney, and often the insurer will allow her to pick her own attorney.
I am your lover, come to my side, I will open the gate to your love.
In a large mixing bowl of a stand mixer, cream butter and sugar together until light and fluffy, about 3 minutes.
Congress created the unserved household provision as a way to protect the historic network-affiliate relationship and the program exclusivity enjoyed by local broadcasters. The unserved household provision enables broadcasters to maintain market exclusivity and also promotes localism by providing access to local voices, weather, news and advertising.
I doubled it!! In hind sight… I should have quadrupled it. Unlike some comments I saw on Pinterest over the last couple of days, I did not find this dough to be soggy, or greasy. It’s why I love this dough so much!Then it was time to dye the dough.My hubby and I used our Wilton dyes, and in all honesty, I think we may have been over zealous with the colouring as you can see by my purple dyed fingers We chose black (for the hooves), red, yellow, green, blue and purple.
While surfing the web last night, my partner in crime somehow ran across THIS. Now, let me preface by saying that while I don't love Stone Temple Pilot, I've always thought that Scott Weiland was sort of hot (in a dirty, heroin scumbag sort of way. Don't judge me. I like what I like.) I thought, "Hmmm. This is strange, with a 59% chance of being interesting." and immediately instructed Big Guy to preview the songs.
Right now, all that really looks great are the strawberries. But that is just dumb luck - I put them in and they just know what to do. Their bright reds are a cheerful greeting each morning when I go out to see what happened in the garden overnight. Today I saw a hummingbird sipping the nectar from tiny purple blooms on the weeds that are taking over the field. I see the big piliated woodpecker almost everyday, and a pair of doves have taken up residence in the platform feeder out by the shed. A five-lined skink sunned himself on the shed deck this afternoon. And tonight, there is a waxing almost half moon. It's beautiful.
his motor-
After being taught how to teach English, I was escorted by a Maximo Nivel rep named Mario to my placement, which is about a 1 hour bus ride away in a very poor town called Carpio. To get there I have to take two buses plus walk 12 blocks up a pedestrian only trail (talk about *walking a thousand miles just to be with you* sort of situation).
Known to Charles Dickens, Samuel Johnson, and even further back to seventeenth century, the eating/drinking game snapdragon (or snap-dragon or occasionally flapdragon) has largely died out.
For Sunday lunch I decided to have pate as my starter, which after a couple of mouthfuls I instantly regretted. Far too rich for me and no good with dairy sensitive error!! My main was poached salmon with veg and potatoes. I only had 2 of the potatoes and the veg was tossed with butter which meant I didn’t have all of it either.
mHealth apps abound that are trying to mobilize health workers worldwide. I recently came across a pitch for an mHealth app through a listserv I am a member of. The project, now in the Rising Stars in Global Health Challenge contest hosted by Grand Challenges Canada to win funds to pilot its technology, focuses on helping HIV/AIDS workers in Indonesia better reach and monitor their patients.The designers of the app, Kate Otto–creator of blog Everyday Ambassador–and her partners at Rumah Cemara, hope that their concept can help bridge the data gap between the 40 Peer Support Counselors (PSC) and the more than 6000 patients they serve. Rumah Cemara is a drug rehab and HIV/AIDS community-based organization located in West Java, Indonesia. Here is the summary of their idea, which can be implemented using a mHealth app called CommCare.
Tulsa jail records list the same home address for Watts and England in the 2800 block of East 61st Street North.
This one is still very much in a state of flux with nothing but the background fabric glued down. The picture is a little inadequate since it was sitting on the toolbench, not hanging on the wall, when I photographed it.
unschooledwriter@gmail.com
“They managed to take one of the tankers over the river. The second got stuck so they told villagers to come and take the diesel,” he said.
not all bad - the GOP had one in 1976
2003, and I believe we pioneered nightlife in the neighborhood. Now,
Did 2 mile run in Air Force
Another man from Durbanville, who asked to remain anonymous, said he had also been locked up in the police cells on Saturday evening.
Does anyone remember Kampong Kerinchi? If you click the link, it’s now referred to as Bangsar South. Until 2005, some 60 acres of the land was Kampong Kerinchi. So, where is Kampong Kerinchi to DBKL?
This method holds a number of advantages over traditional construction schedules. Firstly, since the core and floor segments are being built in parallel, the construction can be much quicker, resulting in a time saving of around 30% for a similarly sized regular tower. Secondly, vastly fewer workers need to be on site at the tower, meaning only around 90 specialist workers will need to work in difficult and dangerous conditions at the tower itself, the remainder being in an optimal, safe and comfortable factory setting.
The fact of Jesus Christ is the eternal message of the Bible. It is the story of life, peace, eternity, and heaven. The Bible has no hidden purpose. It has no need for special interpretation. It has a single, clear, bold message for every living being – the message of Christ and His offer of peace with God.
The Craft Room welds whenever items touch instinctively (unless you set it not to) and manipulating images is SUPER easy. Every project saves in a file that preserves not only the cut sizes, but your cut settings as well.
for now, just be happy that i think of you often and i will be writing more. but don't get greedy, blog. it's not all about you anymore.
Martha’s life was over.
I researched on-line and found the name of the family that lived at the address. Mr Xxxxxxxx was married to Miss Xxxxx - the same maiden name as my mothers....
Narrator Doctor who?
81The jealous God, when we profane his fires,
The Trouble with Love Is
So I forced myself to get out of bed and drink an orange juice and eat a small piece of banana bread and then I lay back down on my side. And waited.
Þeyr was a pretty political band, wasn’t it?
If you thought Cersei was a spoilt child than look to Theon who is struggling with his undeserved sense of entitlement. The episode all but revealed his intentions of overtaking a major castle in the North. Putting the scene where Bran discusses his dream with Osha before the revelation of Theon’s intentions of greed and power would have been a far better tool for creating suspense. Oh and look it’s Rickon! The youngest Stark had a small amount of time to act like a brat. Which is pretty much what he does in A Clash Of Kings as well.
This recipe was provided by professional chefs and has been scaled down from a bulk recipe provided by a restaurant. The Food Network Kitchens chefs have not tested this recipe, in the proportions indicated, and therefore, we cannot make any representation as to the results.
So, I find that I’m using Linkedin for other things. For me, it’s my DEAD HEADSHOT DEPOSITORY. I have a headshot on there from like 1942, right before they started making them in color. I don’t use that shot anymore, but I like it so much that I wanted it to live somewhere. Somewhere respectable, some place safe, yet not often visited – you know a secluded internet space. I’ve petitioned the Linkedin creators to change the Linkedin name from Linkedin to DDH for Dead Headshot Depository, but no one is listening.
In 2009 neither of the authors had any idea they would be leading a revolution. Martin was a mother of two who was cleaning houses to make ends meet. Meckler was a northern California attorney. They would end up starting one of the largest grassroots organizations in America. You can visit its site at http://www.teapartypatriots.org/.
Jump Jive and Harmonize by The Plimsouls
“These claims need to be investigated and substantiated, and secondly SAPS will not be made a scapegoat for the actions of criminal elements within the community,” stated Filander.
Of course, since the weather has warmed up a bit, we love to move our entertaining outdoors. We have a pretty extensive yard and gardens so I thought to put his little girl to work.
I just love this quote! How wonderful its message. I especially enjoy the choice of the word “ingenious.” M-W uses words to describe it like, discernment, discovery, inventing, originality, resourcefulness and cleverness. The origins of the word speak to it being “natural capacity.”
First, I’m taking my wife home. For the first time since C found her birth mother, they didn’t spend her birthday together. She needs this.
A child could see that alcohol-related mortality therefore has nothing to do with overall consumption. And yet the government and NHS strategy remains firmly founded on the fundamental belief that the best way to reduce alcohol-related harm is to reduce overall consumption (by measures such as minimum pricing etc).
–Og Mandino
Presenting his R39-billion departmental budget for the next financial year in the National Assembly, Transport Minister S'bu Ndebele claimed that the Gauteng freeway improvement project had won the support of the majority of its users.
The band and I were absolutely blown away - WOW!!!!
If you’re doing version 2, heat the oil in a really big wok, or saucepan.
And just so everyone is aware, Lands' End Canvas is having a 30% off everything sale PLUS free shipping! Cute stuff from what I can tell, I am just now browsing around!
Er, Apple and Peanut Butter Oat Triangles...
The last few months have been a time of great stress in the ‘regular’ world for me; but this has allowed certain areas of life to become more clearly defined as priorities, with my spirituality being no exception. As a result, I’m planning a rather major new project this year, to begin at Beltane, and have been looking closely at my own practice.
I’ve done my highlights for Australia already, so here are my top-10 highlights from the US (in alphabetical order), with links in the titles:
Quantum NV handles $11-14 billion in assets and operates from the Dutch island of Curacao, in the shadow of massive Royal Dutch/Shell and Exxon Mobil refineries. Curacao was recently cited by an OECD Task Force on Money Laundering as a major drug money laundering nation. The Club of Isles group which funds Quantum is led by the Rothschilds and includes Queen Elizabeth II and other wealthy European aristocrats and Black Nobility. Fugitive Swiss financier and Mossad cutout Marc Rich, whose business interests were recently taken over by the Russian mafia Alfa Group, is also part of the Soros network. Rich was pardoned by President Clinton as he exited the White House.
Today is the last day of April and I have to say I am glad. Everything I have researched, everything I have written about Child Abuse has made me sick and sad! Children are our future a singer once sang, but he had, had his childhood stolen and he became a strange and sad man.
So she held her plaque high and the audience gave us one last round of applause and I thanked Tim and I thanked Aziz and I rushed home to see my family and say good night to my daughter and walk my dogs.
It’s all about location, angles and timing. This bench is a perfectly positioned gnomon on a sundial, a witness to an ordinary scene that becomes truly magical at one particular moment of the day. As evening arrives, the sun slides down the sky and bleeds into the horizon, slowly plunging behind the Montmartre hill. The waves of rooftops glint in the dying orange and the Sacre Coeur, a building I don't even like, becomes shadowy antique splendour.
Random House Children's Books have acquired the first book, WITCHSTRUCK, and the next two books in the series. The series should launch next summer under the name Victoria Lamb, a few months after the publication of my first adult Tudor novel, THE QUEEN'S SECRET, with Transworld, also part of the Random House Group.
RESCUE MISSION: Find and rescue their fallen comrade.
But the most important reason you are looking at this photo, is that this is the last smile you will see on my face possibly for the rest of the trip.
Inside, the book is divided into 7 sections that cover the areas of Motherhood, Family & Home,
Professor Pam Heaton is a psychologist at Goldsmith's college who went to music school. I'd been intending to ask her about neural pathways and whether the same part of the brain that is used for reading words is also used for reading music. This was mainly because I'd been sent this very interesting document about the links between dyslexia and "amusia" (which is less amusing than it sounds). I was particularly interested in the part about how there are at least three different kinds of output involved in reading and playing music: playing an instrument, which is reading music and transforming it into motor skills; singing, which is transforming visual symbols into vocal code; and naming notes, which is transforming a visual symbol into a verbal code.
Then Capac disappears. His trusted lieutenant, Ford Tasso, suspects the mysterious villacs, ancient and powerful Incan priests. To Ford, only one man has the cunning to outwit such adversaries-Al Jeery, who has taken the guise of his father, the terrifying assassin Paucar Wami.
Ōtsuka’s “World and Variation,” originally published in 1989, is ostensibly about Bikkuriman Chocolates, or, more specifically, about the trading cards packaged with the chocolates. It was because of the trading cards that the chocolates were such a phenomenal hit with children around the time that Ōtsuka was writing, even though the character “Bikkuriman” had no television or manga tie-in products. The secret to Bikkuriman’s success was that, on the back of each trading card, there was a short paragraph of information about the character depicted on the front. If a child collected enough cards, he would gradually be able to piece together a larger story and gain a broader perspective on the Bikkuriman universe.
136 ***2. “The Babylonian Captivity of the Chicago Public School System.” Chicago Principals Reporter, Spring 1975, pp. 7-17. (Source: Item D-III/7/1974, below. Incorporated in Item B-5, above, pp. 454-68 (1992).)
Chloe did not want to stand still.
Adapted from Lidia's Italy in America by Lidia Bastianich
Da (dad)
Every Thursday, 2:00pm SLT in the St. Vitus Abbey Guesthouse Kitchen
With a new month it is time for another new Mr linky to go up!
Crack open the Tesco value champagne and wolf down the cheese and pinapple on sticks as we celebrate The Doctor Who News Page's 100th Post! The blog started up on the 22 March 2010 and since then its been non stop with all the new series news. The blog has had 3497 views since the 28th of March 2010 and now has 25 followers. I prefer to have a quiet blog with a few regulars as its easier to chat and get to know my fellow bloggers. Speaking of which a special thanks too:
I should’ve learnt some time ago that DD4L has a tendency to interpret my joking around for being an all out bitch parade, which still baffles me because I very rarely am a serious person in my interactions with people and we’ve been talking for long enough that I think he should know better? That’s probably my mistake right there.
Today, my good friend Christine would be turning 56. She lost her battle with ovarian cancer over 2 years ago. She is missed every day but today it hurts a little more. I hope she knows how much I miss her.
Yes, my spouse and I have filed for divorce with the state of Kansas.
Mostly, I’m just posting to push my last post, featuring my dumb face, off of the top of the page!
The Jury by Steve Martini - Audio Tapes
Not when they are fighting about his ex’s. He tried to say i went out of town to see my Best friend and i saw my ex and he didnt say anything. I told him I am friends with my ex. Unlike him who told me he hates them and wants them to leave as soon as possible. Obviously he didnt get it. So i didnt even bother explaining.
Have a great week, and thanks for stopping by :)
The evening was hosted by The Metropolitan Museum of Art, Unity Productions Foundation and the Turkish Cultural Center.
Made by loving hands
You didn’t think that I’d come back
The lessons were very lively; students were motivated to collect a stamp for their ” passport,” each time they asked a question in English. They were very interested in our Sport’s day as they do not have grass fields and loved watching Year R run. They enjoyed looking at the W.I.’s display of food at our Fun Run and were very amused by our “Wake and Shake.”
(Reminder: I am not doing this just to brag and shove to your throats that I have a decent amount of makeup. I’m only doing this as future reference to other people and I want to share my experience using certain products so people will know what to buy and what not to buy.)
I’ve also signed up for the Hook, Line, and Sinker blogfest, which looks like a lot of fun. If I don’t post an entry for that on February 13th, remind me, okay? I have this horrible habit of forgetting blogfests that I’ve committed too. Hopefully, I’ll have the first 1000 words or so of ‘The Scroll’ ready to tease by then.
I have a particular affection for the Merlot-Cabernet blends from the Gimblett Gravels area of Hawkes Bay, but Syrah is fast becoming a speciality grape and some other regions are making some super wines too, so experiment – there are many lovely red wines for you to try.
We loved to watch you run. Sometimes you ran pell-mell through the house for no apparent reason…kitchen, living room, down the hall and back…kitchen, living room, down the hall and back…until you were breathless. When we arrived home from work you were so excited you ran around and around the house until you collapsed. I still laugh when I think of the day you wiped out bounding up the stairs of our icy deck with your four long legs going in four different directions. Grace was not your strong suit.
Isn't she fabulous!! She has a little beaded bracelet and looks brilliant, thank you Steph I love her! Now this photo had to be taken really quickly as Poppy one of my kittens has taken a real fancy to Geraldine. Here is what happened straight after this pic.....
Note 2: If anyone is interested in making Limoncello along with me, I would love that and to hear your comments along the way. And if you have made it before I would love to hear what you have got to say about your experience and results. Thanks.
And now I am robbed of that empowering person.
JW Dant Bottled in Bond, 50% abv.
We left the restaurant and headed out to catch a bus back to Animal Kingdom. From there we got another bus back to Caribbean Beach. I, of course, wanted to take a cab. I wanted to take a cab basically anytime we had to take a bus. So, you can imagine how many times I suggested that we take a cab. Haha! The original idea for the afternoon was to surprise Barbara with some water fun. We were going to rent a pontoon and ride surrey bike around the resort. The rain sort of put a damper on that and also made us all very tired. Barbara led us all into making the greatest decision ever... to take a nap.
Then the anger kicked in. I was angry at myself for being so careless. Angry at the instructor for not spotting me correctly and letting me land on my head. Angry at the facility for letting beginners try back-handsprings on only the second session. Angry that I was not improving. Angry that everyone else around me was injury-free and could train with ease. I was angry at pretty much everything. It was very emotionally taxing and I was led into the next phase of grief: Bargaining.
Barack Obama has gained a lot of popularity in last few months. He now has many followers and people are claiming that they’ll vote for him. Many critics are also watching closely his ideas on how to run the country.
Favorite Activities: I like to spend time with my mother because she is older and needs lots of extra care.
I am still quite a bit off, healthwise. Still, with a project I can dig into, I seemed to have done well. I figured the engine was still lit, there is just something... about new things, large amounts of decision making and sorting, that just shuts down my machine. I can drill through rock, metal, whatever, but when I hit muck that's it. I get lost in the shadows of the past, the potential of the future, the vast vagueness of the universe itself if I don't have something solid to work with.
Dickey said Joshua Boot didn't live in the building, refused an order to leave, and came after him with a bottle.
I say it’s in my grace
The barrels of the shotgun never wavered in the old man's hands, as he quietly said, "Son, have you ever licked a mule's ass?"
Today was a hard day too, but I had my first good dream! and by that I mean I dont have many dreams and most of the time my dreams are about me having fun before my mission and then I wake up and realize I'm really on a mission and cant do that for the next 2 years. oh but I read some cool stuff in Alma 22 today! I love the things you can learn from the scriptures (read alma 18 and then 22) I found out that Aaron copies exactly what Alma did in the way they teach it was so cool to see how that worked.
hazardous chunks of plaster ceiling cladding regularly fell to the ground,
I’m excited, I’m nervous, I’m scared. I’m a million different feelings all wrapped up in one, even more so than usual. I know I want this. The cost will set me back. I will have to take fewer classes over a longer period of time to be able to afford to go but I have to believe it will all work itself out in the end. If I’m able to gain an education and enter into a field where I know I’ll be happy, I don’t believe you can put a price on that.
1/2 tsp smoked paprika
And if I may be so bold, I'd like to add one small piece of personal evidence that I have had a small part to play in The BWA story. On page 5 of the souvenir brochure there were quotes from Cameron, Clegg, Alex Salmond, a Local Literacy Leader, a member of the Muslim Writers' Awards (from which BWA grew) and two judges. One of them was Professor Thom Brookes.
“Well?” He asked again, undeterred by my kiss.
Here you can see the CF piece. The straight vertical line to the right of the fabric fold is the "old CF line":
In the end, the trip cost us less than we expected it to, and we managed to get it home without any major hassle. It was a good night for the trip!
'Come back on Monday,' they pleaded: 'We're having a Grand Re-opening then'. A bit of me was tempted, although I wondered for a moment if I had stumbled into some kind of artistic recreation of Monty Python's famous Cheese Shop sketch. Would there be any art available to see, I wondered, hesitantly voicing my query even as I (shamefully) began anticipating their reply. They gamefully studied the programme, but it was no use. They had to admit that nothing was scheduled.
14. Hugged a stranger? - Yes. When you work with the public, strange things happen!
As the twentieth century progressed, our industry (along with many others) began to consolidate. Smaller presses were bought by larger presses – grandparents of the major international conglomerates we are now familiar with, and instead of multiple offices over shops, we began to see the establishment of warehouses – and the beginning of a distancing between customer and publisher – as independent bookselling took off. (Bookshops had previously existed in the university cities – but gradually they were established in most sizeable market towns). These bookshops were supplied by the publishers’ central warehouse, while smaller publishers continued to supply direct.
I wasn’t using my real name for privacy and family respect reasons but I am seriously thinking that it may be time to just “own” my blog and if some family don’t like it, well, I really am not responsible for what others feel.
3. Has been said by many that he is good at aegyo, but will in actuality, use half aegyo and half forcing to get what he wants, for example, mumbles “I want to be a director too” constantly while using his butt to push others.
Most classes were challenging, each in their own ways. But, with each class, I did what I needed to do to get the best grade I could.
Anyway, Friday dawned and Cathy finally gave in and realized that ham was the way to go for Easter. Bang! I got right on the phone and reserved one at Rieker's Meats (thanks again, George and Nancy). I donated platelets (and actually did; I've been having a bad string of failed donations, bad sticks, etc., glad we snapped that), and whipped over to Rieker's: what a beautiful ham! Went home, got a really interesting interview with Jon Myerow of Tria, did the Good Friday service, and then had a great fast-breaking dinner with the family at Florentino's in Newtown (eggplant parm that was more like an eggplant Napoleon: no breading on the eggplant, and it was sliced thin and piled high); split an excellent $15 bottle of red Zin with Cathy. I even finally got on my regular Friday night chat with some old beer buddies for our annual "Good Friday Catlick Beer Night" and drank a 750 of Church Brew Works Triple 2000 and a Rochefort 10.
GENERAL ASSEMBLY OF NORTH CAROLINA
Turning serious, Ms. Hurlburt immediately put the NDAA issue — and why opposition to it is essential – in stark terms: “…as bad as what was passed in the NDAA is, it is a symptom of a much deeper problem which is going to keep coming back … in Congress until there is a firm bipartisan message sent that the American people don’t want any more of these laws.”
To boot, the Islamic mass migration, into what is now a Jihad exporter, the UK, has been staggering, and now word has come out that the ruling elites and the world Bankers did this on purpose. Imagine, a nation’s elite that on purpose has taken radical steps to in effect, exterminate the very society that allowed them to climb to the level that they are at. In most societies, there would be riots, but not in Britain where a diet of X factor and Corrie keep the sheep like population in a myopic coma of their own making. As Islamic fundamentalists rape and murder at will and the all watching and all knowing police state never seems to know what is and when this is going on...but God forbid you light up in a bar and refuse to put it out, they will send an entire riot squad to get you.
"The reason for this letter, however, is your publicly expressed concerns about the politicization of the IRS concerning the not for profit status of various tea party groups. We at WPU share your concerns because we have seen firsthand how the IRS has ignored our own complaints about the FWPCLDC-a group made up of real estate developers with no charitable objective.
If gender traditions are important for you, here's a nifty trick. For baby sweaters, make buttonholes on both sides, but leave off the buttons.After the birth, sew the buttons on over the “wrong-side” buttonholes. This closes the unneeded buttonholes, yet permits switching for a future sibling of different gender.
For once I can actually say that they smashed it, the food was beautiful. The Chimichanga was crunchy, but not greasy. Paul said that his was spicy but you could still taste all of the really fresh flavours.
Police in Iowa City are asking for your help to apprehand, er, sorry, appreHEND this dangerous pervert. The crime fund is even offering a cool thousand bucks for information leading up to the man's arrest.
British American Tobacco Australia. Submission on the Plain Packaging Bill 2011. Canberra: Department of Health and Ageing Consultation website, 2011.
And you, you can’t even get out of bed By Keith Green (1953-1982)
For the first half-hour I sat convinced that Pattinson had been miscast: aside from looking a little too young for a war veteran (one whose peers all seem to be middle aged), Pattinson's permanent snarl and the infinite emptiness of his eyes seem to make a mockery of the fact that his character inspires so much amorous affection - even if we're well aware he engenders this reaction from the ladies off-camera. Yet this seems to be precisely the point, making Pattinson an inspired choice: the ladies like Georges because he is pretty, but actually he is an empty vessel. Lazy, petty, illiterate, lacking social graces and disloyal, French high-society assumes something lies behind his eyes that simply isn't there. The jury is out on whether Pattinson has much range as an actor, but he makes for an oddly compelling Georges.
Giving their all 'We forget at our peril how by-laws were changed, people removed, schools destroyed, hawkers made to disappear and tax laws altered to make sure Fifa was happy'. (David Harrison, M&G)
I liked what I heard.
what we still can't do today.
“For whatever is born of God, overcomes the world. And this is the victory that has overcome the world – our faith.” 1John 5:4
The Butler Bag Everyday Tote is a perfectly versatile bag. Offered in three colors and create from genuine Nana leather. This bag offers two zippered pockets outside and a compartmentalized interior with zippered "privacy pocket" inside. This is a true organizer's purse dream come true.
It didn't even seem like Christmas this year except of course for the beautiful blanket of snow outside and the silver icicles that hung outside the windows glittering in the sunlight.
Two- with a dedicated daily time and space for writing, there is no resentment about other reality chores like shopping or grooming. There is a place for writing every day.
And now, more yummy pages to do, because everyone's April challenges are up all over the place. I love the never ending inspiration and creativity :-) Yay to us all, keeping all this positive energy flowing around the world!
I know, some of you will say to give her time.
For me, I wish to create a reality of freedom, a reality filled with an abundance of love, of happiness, of balance and of peace. So, my challenge each day, is to accept and allow all things as they come and as they go. To be open to and express gratitude for all experiences. To be present and trusting.
“Yes,” she said. “You’re in Rock Hill, on Brookshadow Drive. The 2 p.m.”
Neil and Madeleine are staying at the plantation of wealthy Charles Beaumont. Beaumont has a thing for Madeleine. He cannot bare to see her marry Nell, so he strikes deal with Murder to use voodoo to make her fall in love with him. Murder says the only thing he can do is turn her into a zombie. Beaumont thinks that is better than nothing, so he agrees to give Madeleine a potion that will do the trick.
Arrived at Kut and just taken a number of photos of the clock tower.
As I said before, the West Ladies have really given us a vision as to what we could do with our little homestead and we are constantly striving to get our place in order. I would love to have our home garden be as productive and inviting as the West Ladies. You can tell they work hard and enjoy what they do.
Extras Three gallons of Distress Ink around the edges, plus Craftwork Cards Card Candi
I often feel overly academic when I draw a model of a concept like this. Am I taking something simple and making it way too complex? That’s possible. But here’s what I discovered in putting this together: For me, believing is the sticking point. It’s the gut reaction. Intellectually or philosophically, it’s straight forward. Of course every person is valuable and necessary and important!
2. Next, take both your hands–either right on top of left, or vice versa–and place them over your Heart Chakra, on the center of your chest. Take a few moments and be present to the Divine Love Healing Energy that is there, that is already there, that has always been there.
2 shortly
and I'm pretty sure you will too!
I still have moods that go up and down, and I'm still insecure about a lot of things, and simultaneously excited and afraid about the future. But life's like that isn't it. I think it swings between states of happiness and fear, satisfaction and laziness, pride and insecurity. Only non living systems stay in the same state permanently, until they are programmed to fall apart. If you're alive, and not under the influence of pharmaceuticals that claim to make you well, you're going to have to feel all those things.
The arena tour starts in London on 21 September, visiting Glasgow, Newcastle, Manchester, Cardiff, Birmingham, Belfast, Dublin, Liverpool and Nottingham. The tour finishes in Sheffield on 21 October.
His gargantuan vocabulary made it into the many speeches. American Income CEO Roger Smith, Strode confidently to the lectern. He said Bernard had always told to him to enter the stage with alacrity. He had to look it up, but once he did, he never forgot to come onto a stage briskly, enthusiastically, willingly, and with zeal. B was one of a kind.
“Yeah, I got a fix for ya... I'll even split the bag. I just need some needles.”
More recently, a certain number of bonds were printed on inkjet printers and included in the collection — so they could be further used as “proof” that they were fraudulent.
12. Sinergy - The Sin Trade
I lifted him up and tried to burp him. Maybe he was gassy. No such luck. “That’s enough of this!” I told Benjamin after I had had enough. “I tried to do it your momma’s sissy way, but this ain’t working.” I laid Benjamin down and I firmly said, “Shut your mouth! Now!”
By 8, kids were washed and tucked into bed...
scrap paper
Fully updated in the second edition to include the two more recent Member States of Bulgaria and Romania, the work provides important guidance for intellectual property rights-holders on the practical application of border measures in these two Member States. Coverage of the legislation and guidance is also updated to include commentary on Commission Regulation 1172/2007, which created a new application for action form for the applications based on a "Community right", as well as the DG TAXUD manual for filing applications for action under Regulation 1381/2003. Updates to case law include important recent decisions in relation to goods in transit, sanctions against traffickers when a case has been settled under the simplified procedure, Community applications for action, and the ECJ's Advocate-General's opinion on the use of information provided to an intellectual property rights-holder during a border seizure of goods.This second edition also considers the UK HMRC's fundamental changes to its detention and seizure procedures in respect of goods infringing trade mark and copyright.
I am just tired of dealing with that. I got enough going on.
Quality: 192 kbps vbr
Throw out some hips,
Are what it takes to know You’re near
President Obama’s special envoy, George Mitchell, whose mission it was to fashion a peace between Israel and the Palestinians just rendered his resignation. He could have saved himself the bother by not even taking the job.
Total Cost: $3.62
But yesterday, when Bradley the horsekeeper gave me another beating so bad I ached all over, I decided I’d had enough. I would run away, find work on the river, and earn lots of money. Then Mum needn’t take things that Isaac Whitlock gave her when he came knocking at our door. Thinking of Isaac made me shudder, and I was wondering about the best time to run away when Sara started her mithering again.
Of all the states proposing progressive alternatives to prisons, you wouldn't think it'd be Texas and Kansas leading the national push for less reliance on incarceration and stronger community supervision systems, but there they are.
Rachel
I should add an addendum to my list of rules from yesterday--I'm not counting binding time in my 30 minutes. So punching the holes and putting the eyelets in isn't happening on the clock. Neither was cutting out the pages, which I did several days ago, so that they'd be all ready to go.
1/2 cup heavy whipping cream
Being captured by Peter Lindbergh, there is not much left to add than to enjoy the first released outcomes and this video.
But when she’s out in my canoe,
10. Infinity 2.0 (Freestyle) (prod. by Focus)
So I have 28.2 pounds to go to get to my goal - lord help me!!!!
We found ours at Mercer Kitchen, because we're just lame enough to eat in the hotel restaurant...as long as it's run by Jean-Georges Vongerichten. It was loud and fun, our waitress was darling, and we started things off right with a cocktail involving champagne and passion fruit, and a ginger margarita. (Bonus points for guessing who got what!) For dinner, I had sweet pea soup (must be the first pea shoots of the season, God only knows what J-GV had to do to get them) and slow baked salmon with brussels sprouts and truffled mashed potatoes. I know. Yum, right? It was. Nick had glorified steak frites, with some sort of caramel soy glaze that got all over the steak and the asparagus bed it was served on, and made everything sort of Frenchy-Asian, in that fun Jean-Georges way. A wonderful time was had by the both of us, made even better by the fact that we didn't have to fight our way to a cab at the end of the evening, just stagger upstairs to the elevators, and into bed.
TRUST in yourself reminds me of the yogic principle of TRUTH. By internalizing these self limiting beliefs you are unable to live in your TRUTH.
Beano 21st Sept 1985 the last one by Bob..
Today's cards are all very clean and simple--so fun and easy to make!
All of this may be wishful thinking, and starting with a quote by the canonical dead white male artist, Picasso, may seem perverse or misguided. Nevertheless, I recognized his words as an expression of both a love of art and a resistance to the entombment of its traditions by cultural managers. For me those sentiments seem more relevant today than ever.
peeling off her top
3) The X-degenerate region is the remnants of a decaying X chromosome. It contains single-copy genes that are expressed throughout the body (as expected from X chromosome genes). The region also contains SRY.
Leverage the power of video to tell the story of how you won this award. Get a colleague to video your acceptance speech and then post it on YouTube or another video uploading site. Let your night in the spotlight go viral.
Another PDRM Thugs episode in a restaurant
These blocks have been hanging around here for roughly 2 maybe 3 years. Not sure. I don't even know what my intent was with this Schnibbles pattern but I decided that I needed something festive for my living room wall. Colors match nothing in the room but it's fun. I know I had some troubles piecing and my seams so I just put it all aside. It popped into my head and I dug the blocks out to work on them. Get them into rows and add borders. Easy peasy.
I have always tried to use different mediums and create different textures, and one of the books I got today (see, the bit about the library at the beginning wasn’t pointless!), I have some good ideas of things I want to try.
Or when time is running out.
Sunroom contractors are the getaway to construct just the right kind of sunroom for your home. Whether you have just a corner to spare or a littered space to construct your sunroom, the sunroom contractors make things easy for you. They construct the sunroom in such a way that you can use it for your best purpose and needs. Consult with them to keep the budget limited to your pockets.
I remember your voice from long ago.
It’s the kind of new that I want to be. need to be. am designed to be.
Anyhow that is my bitch for the day. I am off to my yoga class to try and calm down.
we're in the traps of illusions of separation and false ego
After asking him to call 911, Tim said that the incident had already occurred an hour ago and that they were on their way to the hospital just to be sure everything really is ok. From what Tim could see, there were just scratches and bruises but no broken bones or obvious signs of an injury to the head, neck, or spine. I immediately tried to recall the procedures that were drilled into our heads. Airway, Breathing, Circulation. Treat for shock. Check…Check…Check…and Check. I began to ask the SAMPLE questions. Signs and symptoms. Allergies. Medications. Past medical history. Last meal. Events leading up to emergency. These were the basic questions that the paramedics, nurses, and doctors would want to know at minimum, if the patient became unconscious before the arrival of paramedics. I reminded Tim to monitor Joe for any signs of shock while I did what I could to take vital signs, over the phone, without a thermometer, BP cuff, or any other medical equipment except Tim’s two hands (which I don’t think counts as “medical equipment”)… Joe was conscious and alert and there was no evidence of any more confusion. I then advised them to perform a head-to-toe assessment looking for signs of internal bleeding or other injuries.
As stepparents, we are not some gawking by-standers in the lives of our stepchildren. We are active, engaged people in their lives, people who by their very actions are attempting to RAISE children and all that this act entails. Our actions and commitment in relation to raising children that have entered our lives should be acknowledged and honored, not called into question.
"The study of the periodic table of elements, reveals that these atomic microscopic building blocks are more than just scientific odds and ends. Each and every one is an opportunity to celebrate the power, wisdom, order, and ingenuity of our Creator!" ~ Back cover.
“Did you fall asleep at the wheel?”
But I didn't post about the Leprechaun hats we made. Since it was very last minute, we just used what we had around the house, and we happened to have some mini nilla wafers, mini marshmallows, mini m&ms, and white chocolate chips.
Good. An antagonist. Just what every solid story needs. And we can see the set-up of the conflict. The Queen is feeling her age, seeing faint lines appear on her face that weren’t there before. And Snow White is a little hottie. Lush young body, burgeoning sexuality, still that tinge of sweet innocence. Unaware of the power she’ll have over men. True, she’s the King’s daughter and the Queen is knocking boots with the old guy whenever he commands, but still…
I've realised recently that prayer can be anything. Reading, writing, singing, drawing, dancing - anything that expresses praise and adoration, thanks and gratitude and love towards our loving Saviour.
the early hours of April 5, 2010, he says in the affidavit,
With a true heart of surrender to the life in her songs
For the participants these events are a make-or-break moment. There is just one chance to perform creditably and one mishap can ruin everything. One issue the youngsters face during their exercises is one of absolute trust, in themselves, in their trainers and in the good results they'll need to be bringing home.
First, thanks to everyone who wished me well from the last post. I did get better this morning after hacking up the most disgusting think that ever came from my mouth (I can't even describe this thing, just take my word for it). There was even hope that I could go to my friends party later in the day as well, that was until I felt a little pang in my ear. That pang quickly grew into me crying like a little bitch on my couch asking for any pain killers we had in the house (and I never take pain killers if I can help it, so for me this was a bit extreme). So not only do I miss my friends party, I'm still going to stuck in this dam basement for my own birthday (which is today) because I suddenly developed what we think in a ear infection out of the blue. It just feels like someone is constantly stabbing my ear with a knife ever few minutes. Not only that, but any money I would have gotten from Birthday cards/Relatives and such is now going to the doctors Co-Pay and Medication. Best Birthday Ever!
Today's post is dedicated to my daughter who loves everything fairy and is accomplished enough in the art of whimsy to see the dust on blinds as fairy dust. Squeals of "Look Mommy we have fairy dust at our house too!" and "Wow so beautiful!" as she blows the dust into the late afternoon sunlight. OK, my housekeeping shortcomings aside, this scene which makes me so happy, has been repeated dozens of times when the sunlight is at the right angle in our family room and the plantation shutters are open at an angle that reveals their dusty bounty. After the fairy dust flies, my Fairy herself usually takes flight, donning wings and tutus (and often not much else) and the fantastic leaping and talk of flying adventures is on...
Early hopes give way to hostility and suspicions The year of hunger strikes, the ballot box and the Armalite Gowrie role crucial to ending H-block protests GAA BLAZE ‘cover up’ – War of words between Sinn Fein and RAAD over Dolan’s arson attack Blanket media coverage surrounded Sands’ death Boston College: Oral history project that sparked cross words Tale of two taoisigh and their opposing views on the North Top Provo in H-Block sought Hume as broker Tragic but not inevitable Thatcher felt inmates were just showing ‘virility’
At the 1960 Greek Song Festival, she performed two more Hadjidakis compositions, Timoria and Kiparissaki. Both these songs tied for first prize. Mouskouri performed Kostas Yannidis‘ composition, Xypna Agapi Mou, at the Mediterranean Song Festival, held in Barcelona that year. The song won first prize, and she went on to sign a recording contract with Paris-based Philips-Fontana.
This solution directs some of the high pressure air above the wing to the wing tip in a more elegant way. Renault, then latterly Honda and McLaren created a different approach by merging the flap into the endplate, this creates a small gap to direct the high pressure flow to the wing tip.
Location: Webster Hall – 125 East 11th Street, New York, NY 10003.
- Rely on your assistant to help manage your workload.
left to reminisce
Why do we always gravitate towards the well know varietals when we are grocery shopping? Or when we are wine tasting? Why is it second nature for us to grab a bottle of Pinot Noir or Cabernet, instead of the lesser known varietals? In reality, these wines are just as enjoyable as their better known counterparts. Today, I will be writing about three unique varietals including nebbiolo, grenache and malbec.
What, too obvious?
The future of at least one of us has been changed. Time will tell how this will affect the rest.
His blood red banner streams afar:
Prisoner of My Desire by Johanna Lindsey is one of her more violent romantic novels. Set in England in the twelfth century, it's a tale of squabbling barons, misappropriated inheritances and abundant domestic violence.
We must measure the good of things by how they benefit or hinder our experience of faith. This is why the freedom of Christ is harder to follow than any set of written laws: we are the only ones who can know our own souls.
Little Amina was continuously weeping, crying and protesting but police snetched her away from parents and family and given back to French mother. France, where almost 99% of non-muslim’s women are addicted with alcohol and non-martial sex are few concerns with this little heart. Amina was continuously crying that she does not want to go with Kuffar. But French’s Mother was insisted to take her so that she can raise her like other French’s girls.
I use to say to myself why do I need to pray or even go through the spiritual change when God, already knows the outcome of my words and actions… For many years I was blind to the fact it’s not for Gods, gratification of watching us fail at times. But instead a sign of respect towards God, and a learning process for ourselves since we don’t know the outcome of the situations we face daily…
Rick Lawson, Project Manager
the story between covers
- Baby-activated music and rattles offers auditory stimulation.
Day old Baguette bread, sliced
In Vietnam more than three million people, and in the United States thousands of veterans, their children, and Vietnamese-Americans, have been sickened, disabled or died from the effects of Agent Orange/dioxin.
This started a spirited discussion about whether proper spelling, punctuation, and grammar were necessary in a social networking environment. Some didn't mind computer speak, some hated it. Some thought improper grammar looked really bad, others thought a spelling mistake or two was no big deal.
But he told the GOP conference that the House needs to be prepared to pass something related to the debt ceiling by next Wednesday, according to Rep. Peter King (R-N.Y.) Others in the meeting said Boehner was talking about fall-back options because it would be irresponsible not to.
yesterday spent one of those perfect london afternoons - getting lost in waterstones at picadilly, picking up a signed copy of gordon's "great british pub food", drink at 5th view, double espresso + some studying at starbucks, swooning over everything when gift shopping at ladurée, wishing I could afford to do my grocery shopping only at fortnum&mason...
Not that winning the Bachelor is a good thing (I mean their divorce or break up rate is almost double that of the mean for the United States, which is something like 50 percent anyway), but the fantasy suite date can definitely change the outcome of the show. It’s basically like your test drive and some people who always thought they were sportscar people end up liking dump trucks. A good example was when Jake (Fighter Pilot) was going to pick Tenley but instead picked Vienna (Sausage) because I am pretty sure he was a nerd in high school and never experience a girl who was that desperate in bed. Like a total noob, he married that girl, which no one I know ever did.
Under the law, water baptism was indeed required for the remission of sins. In Mark 16:16 the Lord issues this formula.
This is the last book in the series and comes out May 1st
Preheat oven to 350F and prepare a large bundt pan. I usually use Baker's Joy, although my stoneware bundt pan is pretty well seasoned, but I gave it a light spraying anyway.
At the end of it all we came to the conclusion that Don the Beachcomber created something called the QB Cooler which may have influenced Trader Vic in his mixing but the Mai Tai is all Vic's.
As many insurance producers know full well, health-based long-term care insurance has been on uneven footing in the last several years. Some companies in this market are having to raise premiums to maintain profitability or, in some cases, are leaving the business altogether. By focusing on the natural advantages that asset-based products enjoy over health-based coverage, producers are able to use these products to offer real, lasting protection to their clients.
“Nikki.”
The first thing to do is to open your image in Adobe Camera RAW
March 21st, 6:00 - 9:00 p.m.
Personally, I think that’s a terrible response. A lot of public figures have others to tweet on their behalf, but they don’t come right out and say it. However, I don’t think there really is a good response to that. The best way to deal with a situation like this would be to prevent it.
Would she want him to? And even if she would, will she let him?
"The moment when you finish a book, look around and realize that everyone is just carrying on with their lives as though you didn't just experience emotional trauma at the hands of a paperback."
The Walking Man I was sold at an auction for a total price of $104,327,006. Allowing another $26 million dollars for previous sales and currency adjustments, so far $130million dollars have been paid and received to move the bronze sculpture from one ahu to another on Earth Island.
I am playing along with Lawnscaping with this one, this weeks challenge is dimension. I used foam adhesive to pop up the frame, cauldron, book and some bubbles. By the way, Micro Pop-dots are a must have for adding dimension to small things like the these bubbles.
~ Intermezzo ~
At the point I got to last night, Rebecca bends over needlessly low to give Chuck (and the camera) a long look at her shapely ass as she unlocks a door. "What are you waiting for?" she asks, beckoning Chuck through. To which, our grieving widower, worried father, and potential fugitive from justice, replies, "Just admiring the view."
Arts' in D Minor / Harry Houdini
My card was created by using Gilli element heart stamp (first series). I stamped my image and then colored with copic markers. After I was done coloring I added a coat of glossy accents to each heart to make it shiny (okay that starts not sounding so simple..bare with me lol) and give a little more dimension. I let the gloss dry and bordered the hearts with a thin coat of stickles (yeah, you knew I would not pass the bling…lol).
Instead, that commenter who usefully keeps Malcolm straight; and on this occasion is the guiding light on Scottish law.
Just got home from the Vancouver 125 festival, a celebration of Vancouver's 125th anniversary. It's a neat gathering with tons of stuff to see and do, lasting only July 8, 9, and 10. I recommend you guys to check it out if you're in the area or visiting. It's in Stanley Park, but you best take either the free shuttle service that runs from Waterfront Station, or the #19 Stanley Park bus. So it's in a quiet, remote place but is very handily accessible.
- Jonah Goldberg’s latest book, The Tyranny of Clichés: How Liberals Cheat in the War of Ideas, goes on sale May 1.
The "400,000 PLR Articles Package" is a huge collection of over 1,000,000 quality articles, all written by professional copywriters.
After his stay with Heidt, he joined his close friend, Glenn Miller, in July of 1941. He had dental problems and was unable to play the cornet on a regular basis, so Miller hired him on guitar. Bobby was encouraged to purchase an amplifier and switch to electric guitar. He bought the amplifier and carried it around faithfully, but never plugged it in. Nevertheless, it was under these conditions that two of his most admired cornet solos, on A String of Pearls and Rhapsody in Blue, were recorded. During 1942 the Miller band, including a camera shy Bobby Hackett, appeared in the movie Orchestra Wives. Oh, Glenn Miller negotiated the Hackett MCA debt down to $1000.
National Museum of American History, Smithsonian
Now I really need some dark chocolate….
boy did we get hit hard this last week. It started with Brycen he coughed and coughed and coughed. He had a sore throat and a fever. It was so bad that we took him to the walk-in (we do not have a pediatrician/family doctor) we even missed his kindergarten grad it was either we miss that or have to take him to the e.r. I did not want to do either one but in the end the walk in was our choice. Then Miss.J she coughed but not nearly as bad. We did vaporizers (cool mist...Tony and J can not have anything other then Tylenol so no cough syrup and no Vick's) and propped the mattresses. then came the hubby and me. Now if the hubby would not be so stubborn it probably would not have been so hard but instead of taking 1 sick day he kept going to work and ended up suffering. He has been the sickest of us all. Coughing, puking, headaches....you name a symptom he had it.
A comprehensive study of the films of Stanley Kubrick.
i guess i’m just sort of wondering why, as a former model who knows how to be in shape, she doesn’t start eating right and exercising? it bothers me that i just know there’s a scene where she pigs out on brownies or ice cream or both and is happy because she never got to do that when she was fuckable.
Project HOPE volunteer, Dr. Robert Alan Jamison, a retired pediatrician from Morristown, Tennessee was chosen to go out to a remote area in Nicaragua, Corn Island, for five days and three nights. He was totally expecting to sleep on an army cot with a bivouac mosquito tent.
An interesting course with interesting discussions. For me and those who are less keen on spicy food, the beer had a lovely calming affect on the tongue between tingly mouthfuls of spicy curry, however for mrdrinkneat and the spice lovers the wine intensified the spiciness. let voting begin...
One opportunity I had fall in my lap was a chance to talk to the infamous Fr. John I. Jenkins, C.S.C., president of the University of Notre Dame, who just happened to be standing near some Notre Dame students and one of the huge signs that said, “Fr. Jenkins, Free the N. D. 88,” referring to the eighty-eight pro-lifers where were arrested at Notre Dame last spring while protesting the invitation of pro-abortion Barack Obama to receive a law degree and speak at the graduation exercises.
I had been right about one thing though. Curfew is indeed lifted briefly in order to allow people to restock their provisions. Since we've already handled that angle, L and I go for a walk up to Mt Parnassus instead. We visit FB, a friend of L's who I've never met before. He's a really laid back guy with a fixed smile who spends the time we're there lovingly fondling his new stereo equipment. We all get really high and FB makes us some superb soursop juice, which seems to take hours to create.
laugh about it today! But it’s a talent that I have that comes from
Some side effects of Aspirin are serious, you must consult your doctor if you feel any of it :-
- graham cracker crumbs (Sand)
Black Bean cooked - 1 cup
I sat on that too-soft couch, looking at the therapist in stunned disbelief. I wasn’t wise; my brain was broken. As you can imagine, the session was over. I vaguely remember her trying to teach me a breathing exercise or something, but I had retreated into my broken Brain-Castle and slammed the door.
But to say that it is none of our business/ that it does not concern ordinary tax payers How much , The highest position in the land gets in income. Is so hypocrytical & insulting. Every penny he earns should be common knowledge. including the amounts of money earned through rental. There should never be a question mark over how much he earns.
The Human Race has reached the Finish Line. We have to step forward and claim our prize, some call it our birthright, gird our loins and step into the blue yonder.
Tickets are $10 and available at The Salvation Army Boys & Girls Club, 2808 SE 44th.
Or, has he? His show will reveal it.
Chavela's isn't the only new biz dolling up:
The election results may capture the chaos and anger in the country.
Another hat, a different mood. Two things I love here. The black veiled mini top hat by Topperhats looks beautifully made and is terribly seductive, while the photograph totally sells it; fabulous photography and a stunning model. Sublimely done. I want one.
It is interesting to note that in several areas the Greeks are now buying directly from the farmers which in turn is growing a more local based economy. Exactly what I was predicting for the age of austerity and rising oil prices. Locally based agriculture will once again become more viable cost-wise than trucking produce all over the world/country.
So here we go—on towards supplementing our life with public school. I think I might actually be starting to feel good about it.
Even though they’re void of chocolate chips, peanut butter, and nuts, a.k.a. the ingredients that usually produce the best cookies, these little guys definitely have something going for them. Sugar and butter. And more sugar.
WITNESS: Gucci sweats and Reeboks.
“At that time, Bill had already lost his left arm but was still a serving member of the SAS; he was training in the deserts of Oman with younger SAS troopers closing in on his position from all sides and he buried himself in the sand. He dug a hole with his one good arm and simply buried himself deep underground. The SAS troopers passed over him without realising until he told them and the Regiment was so impressed they gave him their Award.”
With the recent budget cuts and layoffs in the field of journalism, many media outlets have decided to combine editing and design into one position. UNC’s School of Journalism and Mass Communication is preparing its students for the possibility that a job may require both skill sets.
But no, that would be too adult. Anyway, I’d decided that this book was going to be contemporary. So I took what I needed from Jules et Jim: the characters, the relationship between them and the seeds of destruction that lies within it, and changed everything else.
It was Barbie’s influence, I knew. That was the secret of what had happened that summer. In my self-centered infatuation, I had never questioned why Dirk knew who Barbie was in order to introduce me. I thought she was coming around in the middle of the summer to dote on Trevor. I didn’t realize it was Dirk all along.
The tradition of storytelling has always contained an educational component, probably as strong as the entertainment value. Many “fairy” tales were actually “cautionary” tales used to teach young people the dangers of the world and how to protect themselves (physically and emotionally). Bruno Bettelheim, one of the great interpreters of the physiological impact of fairy tales, has commented that probably no other tale, so well as Cinderella, expresses the experiences of a young child in the throes of sibling rivalry and the feelings of being pushed down and bullied (in this case by her stepsisters). As a cautionary tale, Cinderella gives hope to the child that eventually she will be delivered from her misery, and that hidden under her rags, greatness and true merit will somehow be discovered.
But that’s not the most worrying development. The US forum moderators kicked all promotion threads into a “Meet Our Authors” forum, and today it seems at least two global changes have kicked in. The “insert product link” button no longer lists books, so you have to manually type in/paste a live link to a book, and the brackets many of us used after our book titles have all disappeared.
1 perfect
you have until 8am U.K time on the 21st March to post your entry to win our prize here at Crafts and Me.
Saturday. Decided to do a little detective work. Headed over to the hospital and queued up at the front desk to ask about visitor's hours. The nurse told me they'd just started.
Just too tired to go out for dinner, really, too tired for dinner at all. We ordered one adult and one child's meals in the hotel, and shared them. It's hard to understand, but just being here is exhausting. Between the challenge of the city, and the challenge of the child...you're just spent at the end of the day. If you haven't done it, don't underestimate it. I've even done it before, knew what to expect, and I forgot how draining a day can be.
Somewhere between Bruce Chatwin and Bill Bryson there is a different reality in travel writing. Jo Carroll shows the reality of a middle aged woman travelling.
I really should be starting on a correspondence course for ANG but I just can't put this one down. It is a fun and cute stitch.
I don’t know that I will get to the recap of my photo walk from this morning, but even if I don’t do it tonight, I will get it up some time this week.
On March 3, 1963, Cline, though ill with the flu, gave a performance at a benefit show at the Soldiers and Sailors Memorial Hall, Kansas City, Kansas, for the family of a disc jockey, Cactus Jack Call, who had recently died in an automobile accident. Also performing on the show were George Jones, George Riddle and The Jones Boys, Billy Walker, Dottie West, Cowboy Copas, Hawkshaw Hawkins, Wilma Lee and Stoney Cooper, and George McCormick and the Clinch Mountain Clan. The three shows, at 2:PM 5:15 and 8:PM were standing-room only. For the 2:PM show, she wore a sky-blue tulle-laden dress, for the 5:15 show a red shocker and for the closing show at 8:PM Cline wore a white chiffon gown and closed the show with her performance to a thunderous ovation. Her last song was the last one she recorded during her last sessions the previous month, “I’ll Sail My Ship Alone”.
Countless number of panels and boards have been created under the umbrella of good governance but where do they report back and how do they perform?
VRYBURG: Tjaart Chambers assaulted by four attackers.
QUESTION:
Now it is time to return to our regularly scheduled Etsy. Are you ready for this? We're starting back with all my request that I need to fill!
The mental part of my battle started a while ago. They say that people are motivated by 2 things, to gain pleasure or to avoid pain. All things we do are driven by 1 of these 2 things. In times where these 2 things conflict, which ever is the greatest desire will win out.
I swept across the marker color with a very wet papertowel, pulling the color downward, and letting it run. This was to establish the lightest values and get a watery, ripply effect. Using my reference photo, I picked out darker areas to suggest the rigging and broken pieces of the ship.
I hate to ask... and this is extra awkward for me-
She made friends with her neighbors, no matter what nationality. At her last apartment complex she had befriended several Indian families and had them over for dinner, took them jello salads, and enjoyed dinner in their homes.
Jen Worden Dirt encrusted darkness with a side of wry humour.
8/29: Hurricane Irene hit New Hampshire and Vermont really hard: huge flooding…that same, usually gentle, section of river….change certainly does happen… Mountain Wandering Blog with photos of changes along the PemiRiver
And if you are thinking..."Well..she isnt going to get what she wants from me then...that is fine..cause..I dont need anymore STUFF..i have STUFF coming out my Ass...and my ass is HUGE these days!!
No entry fees, no Buck Rogers.
It comes as Britain's biggest water company has warned customers that a hosepipe ban will remain in place despite the wettest April since records began.
"President Hamid Karzai has interfered in corruption cases and even threatened to join the Taliban if foreigners didn't stop meddling."
N: “This picnic is going to be great! The kids can play football, we can grill out, we’ll spend some real quality time together!”
“A helping word to one in trouble is like a switch in a railroad track…an inch between wreck and smooth, rolling prosperity.” -Henry Ward Beecher
Plus, you can dig deeper still if you have paid tools such as Hitwise, SearchMetrics or SEMRush, trying to find out which keywords Wikipedia generate traffic from and then optimising and targeting traffic from them.
p.p.p.s. I use BlogLovin' to follow my fave blogs now cos I'm cool. Oh and facebook and hotmail (I know, hotmail is owned by Microsoft who own windows. Forget I ever mentioned it)
This is the “Decently Ironed” icon.
"Speaking with the Angel" by Cry Cry Cry - They only did this one album (they being Richard Shindell, Dar Williams, and Lucy Kaplansky), but I wish they'd get back together and do another. This one is absolute gold.
That was exactly the same period that “krútt” came out. Someone picked up on it and people were making jokes. Then there was the Krútt Festival in Snaefellsnes in 2005.
Then in my early thirties, my girlfriends distracted me with conversation and I realized that if I could push through the first couple miles, I was totally capable of running several more after that.
3. Spoonman
Dynamic in personality. High-spirited. This really comes in handy when taking care of small children. It's like I'm the Pied Piper and kids will magically do whatever I need them to. Also essential when directing film. If what you're doing is insane, it helps when you can convince other people to do it with you.
WELL! We certainly couldn't let that go un-celebrated! Cate and I baked cupcakes. While they cooled we set the kiddie table up in the lounge for a birthday tea.
This Italian neo-realist film is a break from “classical” filmmaking, in which the director shapes chunks of reality into comprehensible segments. Through continuous editing, the film takes on a coherent perspective that places it in relation to a world that is otherwise chaotic and absurd. The perception of one’s life as a linear progression with a chain of cause and effect is reinforced through continuous editing. People’s lives are invented as stories with a beginning, middle, and end. A film that shows a continuity of action reaffirms our belief that there is a logical order to things in this world, that we are in control of our actions and can predict their outcomes.
He didn’t know how long he had been – wherever – but he did know two things: he was not hungry, and he was not afraid. Neither entered his thoughts.
I was willing to pay any amount, if only I could find some cotton denim jeans. So the search continued and what I learned is that jeans for women not only stretch, but, they also have names. GAP jeans have names like "Perfect," "Sexy," and "Always Skinny" (ah, don't I wish). Even my old faithful Levis were no longer available in cotton, and are sporting the names "Demi," "Bold," and "Supreme"(is it me, or do those names remind you of coffee?)
Director : Garry Marshall
For the unacquainted, Epica’s music straddles the lines of several different musical styles. As a symphonic metal band, the death grunts and indistinguishable shouts are more subdued than pure heavy metal. The high-intensity metallic sounds flirt with both progressive rock and show tunes, helmed by female lead singer Simone Simons. The result is best described as metal for people who don’t like metal. Those who like their music loud and fast-paced yet get scared away by death grunts and insane shouting.
Last year I wrote about How we really only use a small fraction of what we own on a regular basis, most of us use 20% of our things 80$ of the time I undertook a challenge to myself to reduce our possessions by 20%. This year I would like to invite you to join me in this challenge. There will be a weekly focus/tasks to help you along.
Now is when I did not expect it.
Spain possesses one of the most dynamic cultures in Europe. It is located in southwestern Europe and has a total of 504,782 square kilometers. (Roughly twice the size of Oregon) Within Spain there are 2 autonomous communities Cueta and Mililia and 17 other autonomous communities. Spain’s climate includes clear hot summers on the inland, cloudier along the coast, and it has cold winters in the interior of the country and it’s partly cloudy and cool along the coast.
Have materials and classroom ready before class. Make sure you arrive early to set up your classroom and to make sure all the materials and equipment you need are there, easy to access, and ready to go.
Here is a picture of Mouleres in her veil.
~R. Buckminster Fuller
He urged the BN government not to fulfil its promises to them.
It’d really mean a lot to me if you could read this. Anyone.
The recipe I prefer is from allrecipes and I have found over the time that using a cheap plain flour works best (not a strong flour!) and stick the dough in the fridge!!
I'm particularly intrigued by it because it's a real festival - it's over a weekend, there are various venues, bands playing, and we'll be camping. It looks like it's going to be amazing.
Check out the plastic surgeons reputation when you feel you have decided on one. If they have satisfied happy patients or angry upset patients you will know based on your own research. Remember to keep an open mind when reading online reviews – results are subjective and many patients have a difficult time seeing their own brilliant results for quite awhile after surgery. Check out photos and make a decision for yourself. There is a large and helpful community online so ask questions, make friends, and supplement your research with the information you find online. Many times facial feminization patients take a great deal of pride in their recent procedure and many produce good quality YouTube videos regarding the plastic surgeon that they used. Do a search for your plastic surgeon’s name in YouTube and the search engines and see if any videos come up.
BBC Television Centre
Week 8 at Detroit: Matt Flynn will get another look at the defense he torched for 480 yards and six touchdowns in last seasons’ week 17 game. Seattle’s defense picked off Matt Stafford five times in the teams’ last matchup in 2009, winning 32-20.
3. What new beginnings are being created now?
Andrew is at rest, yet the happy warrior lives on, in each of us.
Beyond the door, the screaming howls and sounds of destruction were louder than ever. Making a split-second decision, Seth slung his bag over his shoulder and climbed carefully atop the back of the toilet. In the semi-darkness he made out the dark shape of the window latch. With a barely audible click, the window popped out and up.
The rest of the chapter is Anastasia repeating the same two things over and over again: this guy is arrogant. No, wait, he’s hot. Arrogant. No, wait; hot.
1 – Can we leave now?
The engineer made a role call of the coolies. Turned out that one was missing. Apparently he went to the grasses for nature’s call, and no one saw him return. Further inspection found the coolie’s bloodied corpse behind a large rock a mile or so away.
Sovereign crisis requires a sovereign solution. One Leader, the Sovereign, and his banker, the Seignior, will arise to speak for and to the Eurozone, which will be transformed into a Federal Europe, as leaders meet in summits and wiave national sovereignty, and implement a Fiscal Union, empower the ECB as a bank, and develop a common European Treasury. Seigniorage, that is moneyness, will no longer be based upon debt, but rather will be based upon the diktat of structural reforms, austerity measures and debt servitude; people will be amazed by this, and place their faith in it, and give it their full allegiance.
I would not rule out abortion.
The book reads much like Kitchen Confidential, a series of disconnected pieces, more a collection of essays than continuous chapters. Bourdain retains his straightforward and snarky writing style, though his editor needs to give him a banned list which should include "maw," "clusterfuck" and question marks, which he inevitably misuses. (It seems like you shouldn't be able to misuse question marks, but somehow, Bourdain does?)
I’m not.
Preston Crown Court heard how the girl and a friend were given alcohol at an Indian restaurant before being taken to an attic and assaulted. One victim was abused by four men.
Similarly we’ve built great depth in the middle distances. In the 800 we had eight women under 2:00 lead by Alysia Montano (1:57.48), Morgan Uceny (1:58.37), Maggie Vessey (1:58.50) and Alice Schmidt (1:58.61). Uceny lead the world over 1500 at 4:00.06, with Jenny Simpson (4:03.54), Christin Wurth Thomas (4:03.72), and Worlds semifinalist Shannon Rowbury (4:05.73) all among the world’s best.
The more important the topic of discussion, the more our words begin to fail us. For years I used the words ‘health’ and ‘disease’ when I was discussing this idea with people. In some ways the health/disease dichotomy is easier to talk about. For example, it provides a very good basis for the updating the outmoded dichotomy of good/evil. That is good which promotes health and happiness, and evil is that which is adverse to health and happiness. When we use the growth/decay metaphor, we must be clear that growth is qualified as healthy growth, with cancer being the obvious example of something that looks like growth but is, in reality, decay. Another word pair that helps us to clarify what we are talking about is strengthening/weakening, if we are getting stronger (physically, mentally, emotionally, spiritually) that is good, if we are getting weaker, not so good.
After he was handcuffed and thrown in the backseat of the cruiser the cop looked at me and asked if I have been parked here long, I told him about 15 minutes or so.
Now assemble the Hot Brown. On a well buttered baking sheet, lay out your prepared toast. Dabble a small amount of the cheese sauce onto the toast. Layer some of the sliced roast turkey on top of the toast, folding the turkey to give it a little more volume. Arrange a layer of your poached shrimp on top of the turkey. Then top with a generous amount of the cheese sauce. Finally top the sandwich with the sliced bacon, and finish with more of the cheese sauce. Place the baking sheet in a 400 degree oven and bake it until the sauce begins to bubble and brown. Remove from the oven, and using a large spatula, transfer the sandwich to a warm plate for serving. Garnish with a little chopped parsley and serve piping hot, as these are, after all, Hot Browns !
Plus, I got a complete base set of cards #251-450. Which was the main reason for doing this. More fun than buying the set for $15 at the show next week.
The third step will be putting the pretty’s on the store, banner, etc. Right now, it’s simply product but that doesn’t seem to deter traffic. I’ve had 8 sales of 11 items to date. No idea how that translates in terms of success. Getting to know the customers has been a surprising treat. The people on Etsy are a lovely crowd. Even shipped my first international package to a charming gentleman in London yesterday.
Pre-heat oven to 365 degrees (350 is too low and 375 is too high in my oven). Cut 8-10 red or new potatoes into wedges. In a large mixing bowl, toss the wedges with first cold-pressed, extra virgin olive oil and sea salt (you can add fresh rosemary, dill, basil or other spices or herbs for simple variations). Spread wedges in a single layer on a baking sheet with a lip (so the olive oil doesn’t run off the side). Bake for 30-45 minutes depending on amount and thickness of wedges.
Did I enjoy this week of wallowing in literature? Yes, but I don't think I'll do it again. When I read I often stop and stare into space for a while, and it's not for some time after reading a book that I begin to know what it was all about. Reading one book after another robbed me of the space to process those books. The time to stop and let the images come alive. I could tell you, sketchily, what they were about but not much more. It was more like racing than reading, more about the challenge than the books, and I'll probably have to read them all again if I want to really know them. From now on I'll try for two books a week.
* Or if you'd like to receive posts from this blog directly into your Facebook news queue you could *like* its Facebook page.
Price: 8.95$ (can)
Containing a mix of vocal and instrumental tracks, I imagine it would have livened up any party in the 70s with its set of 70s pop songs (Resurrection Shuffle), 60s soul (Land Of A Thousand Dances, In The Midnight Hour), and party favourites (The Locomotion, Hava Nagila).
I’m currently in Budapest at a college turned hostel for the summer. CETP, the program through which I found my job, is giving us a weeklong orientation.
She looked disappointed, but she smiled anyway. “Absolutely. How does coming over for dinner tomorrow night sound?”
It's just a short blog post today but I want to say a huge thank you to EVERYONE for all the kind words this week, it's really made a difference and I appreciate it so much. Big, big shout out to Scotty 'The Manbroider' for the lovely uplifting email he sent me..... THANK YOU!!
The possibility of massive terrorism on our own soil should be a serious concern to all of us. But just for a moment, let’s forget about terrorism and pretend the Middle East doesn’t even exist. While we’re at it, let’s forget about China, Russia, Venezuela and Bolivia. Focus instead on our immediate neighbors to the south, and what Mexico is exporting to us.
Lunch: 2min noodles
5. Speak truth about power, not to it (don’t waste your breath).
ISBN-10: 145160680X
9:22 PM – We return to RAW to the heels firmly in control of the Tag Team contest. The Big Show tweaks his knee outside the ring, and barely beats the count back into the ring. Once inside he is dominated by Del Rio and Rhodes, who both focus on Show’s injured knee. Show escapes a figure four, and gains momentum. Cody attempts to tag in Del Rio, but Alberto wants nothing to do with the big men. Show gets the win after a choke-slam.
We'll imagine we've been beamed down into sunny Corfu - which actually is enjoying a brief shower of rain as we step out of the taxi. Sigh. The boat is found, groceries bought and stowed. We make ourselves at home below decks.
For summer's two best local beer festivals we're bringing beers that incorporate unusual ingredients. The first to look forward to is the Organic fest at Overlook Park where one of Upright's two beers will be a special single barrel-aged cask of the Seven with hibiscus, rose hips and rose petals. The beer is set to be kegged directly from the barrel next week and will yield fewer than 5 kegs worth of beer. So far the flavors have been great with lots of floral character blending with the beer's citric quality and some deep background complexities.
'Tis you, 'tis you must go and I must bide.
A couple more steps
Me: You probably wouldn't be eating crisps if you didn't have any hands.
Now, in the interest of full disclosure for any of you weighing your options, let me fill you in on a little secret. I have been a happy mother for just short of 2 years. I have come in direct, personal contact with EXPONENTIALLY more poop because of my daughter than I ever dreamed of touching with the dog.
I started reading a new cookbook, Donna Hay Seasons. There is a delicious recipe for chocolate cake that is calling my name. However I do not feel like cleaning up so it will not get baked tonight.
Add a pinch of salt to the flour and then pour hot oil (2 tsp) over it and knead the dough with water and keep it under wet cloth for 1 hr. You have to keep kneading it after every 20 mins to make it soft.
I forgive myself that I’ve accepted and allowed without question the injection of hazardous materials to be impregnated into living organisms with no common sense understanding as to what the consequences of such actions will result in to those depending on life within the abused environment.
When you enter Molly’s Cafe you immediately feel at home. The first thing you see is an open kitchen full of activity. Chatter fills the room in a variety of different languages. Paintings of local artists and familiar scenery cover the walls, and various intimate seating arrangements invite you to make yourself comfortable.
Wayne County Prosecutor Kym Worthy’s office issued a statement: “Prosecutor Worthy was made aware of the allegations approximately a month and a half ago.” Her office can’t comment because there is an ongoing investigation. No determination has been made on whether criminal charges will be filed.
Analytic philosopher Peter van Inwagen argues that non-living things don’t exist in any meaningful way – non-living things are simply composed of elementary particles that appear to be there. On his view not only is a non-living thing not conscious, it doesn’t exist. This seems to me to be a radical and unwarranted position. Common sense and empirical data tell us that non-living things do in fact exist – it seems to me that one does not need an argument to justify such a position, and if it is needed, then the problem of non-living things existing seems to be a relatively minor one for whomever needs the argument.
At the end of January, Arla paid to have the Danish government’s official statement indicating its respect for Islam printed in Saudi newspapers. Then, in a full-page advertisement in newspapers in 25 countries on March 26, Arla stated that “Our presence in the region has given us an insight into your culture and values and about Islam. This understanding has, over many years, enabled us to supply high quality products which meet your preferences.”
those braids. They were fascinating, beautiful, strong, seductive,
Experts will doubtless be mortified that Peter has exhumed several of these ‘true’ accounts from such reliable resources as The News Of The World and The Sunday People, but he’s also ransacked his library to good effect for accounts from (perhaps!) more credible authorities, several old Vault friends among them: Dennis Wheatley (on the true life incident at boarding school which inspired his big seller, The Haunting Of Toby Jugg), Arthur Machen (versus a Poltergeist infestation), Barbara Cartland, James Herbert, Robert Thurston Hopkins, Fred Archer, Elliott O’Donnell, Peter Underwood and medium to the stars Doris Stokes.
How long will it take?
#12 Brandon Espinosa – Multi talented superstar
- the Kyoto Climate Protocols that nations agreed to on December 11, 1997
4 cups flour
Follows two men as they attempt to get healthy and change their lives by going on an extended juice fast. (Hey, I’d even be willing to try it if I had the money to get all the produce necessary to do a juice fast for even a week. Well, and if I had a juicer.)
When I enter the room, everyone stops what they’re doing.
“If this is what the brink of defeat looks like, I’d hate to see success,” he said.
something, like exercise, it
The story line. I like the idea of so much happening that Evalle is drawn between clearing her name, appeasing the gods, and finding the stone before the enemies of the Beladors do, all while keeping the vow she made to protect the humans and others of her clan. She also has to deal with a budding attraction between two different men and one of them is hunting her kind.
Each storehouse of gold!
I considered including the sieve like Liam Fox. His courting of the Tory right (through leaking stories that will appeal to them) looks suspiciously like an attempt to build a power base to challenge Cameron. But God knows the coalition needs reminding from time to time that pandering to the left of the Liberal Democrats is not a long term option and that there is a much more significant constituency with broader popular appeal at the other end of the political spectrum.
I'll stop talking and let you oggle.
4) dancing at the Vic, minus the incredibly bad DJ. I don’t understand techno being intermixed into every song.
Metacritic: 74
On Wednesday night, in Dublin's O2 Arena, Bob Dylan finished the latest leg of his 'neverending' tour with a performance ridiculous in its sublimity. Too lavish a buttering of praise? Well, not to these eyes and ears. Not to this heart.
would like that very much.'
Brrrr!
Black mamba venom on her lips,
But first, let’s recount his bio:
Once again I’m a late bloomer to something so amazing and wonderful, so fun-filled and exciting, I don’t know how I made do without it. Zingerman’s mail order!
Jesus Calms the Storm
Get the Best From
God didn’t create human beings to think negatively. We need to be confident in who we are because of our origins, creation in God’s image. We are created for greatness and we are created to think ” Who am I NOT to be doing this?”. Our thinking has become backward. We are great because that’s what God made humans to be, our experiences (that funny thing called life) is what qualifies us, we are not created for doubt but to life a rich and full life giving to others and serving others. In doing that… well.. it’s where the blessings come in.
dahling and step back,
If you can pronounce correctly every word in this poem, you will be speaking English better than 90% of the native English speakers in the world. After trying the verses, a Frenchman said he’d prefer six months of hard labour to reading six lines aloud.
Which neatly brings me to another feature – text recognition. When you sync new notes up to the server, any notes that contain images are analyzed for text portions and text recognition is done on them. I’ve just synced this note with a screenshot from Twitter in it, and now when I sync back, the text should have been recognized.
Bonus Track is "Tell Me" by Femi Kuti
Weekends were for lazing around, not for more work and running all over God’s green acre. She and Trey had been married for two year but they still had plenty of spark between them, and neither had as much as changed out of their PJ’s or left the bedroom for more than a bowl of cereal all weekend. Minerva was sore, but a good sore.
The college chapters of the Intercollegiate Socialist Society now became the Student League for Industrial Democracy. As members graduated from college, some entered the pulpit, others the classroom; some wrote textbooks while others into the labor movement in both political parties.
5 new cards for the next January card class. 5 more will be posted once I get them made.
The boy bags a foamy mass of buttermilk sky
Let me say one more thing to you parents, you parents cannot be a star if you are in sin; you cannot be covered in sin and shine and if the parents are not a star, how can the children be a star?
SI-ID : I-la! Slam? . . .no, no . They just sit around and get drunk and crawl home . Sometimes they pogo, if they aren't drugged up too much.
I once bought a live Christmas tree, brought it in the house and upon closer inspection, found a very much alive and extremely terrified cat clinging to the branches.
Now for our top 3, after our usual debate we are pleased to tell you our top 3 are
Spent the weekend settling back into the studio and trying to get things organized around here. I promptly messed that all up by starting some new art pieces. ﻿﻿﻿
You may not be keen on e-petitions but it’s probably the nearest many of us will get to registering a protest against this plan. If you are minded to express your objection click here to go to the site to sign the petition.
radius (in this case 15). In these experiments, we utilize an
Here’s the same paragraph, replacing the last three instances of “in the.”
Raines works for the Obama Campaign as his Chief Economic Advisor.
The way to a woman's heart is.....
Tartarus's Christmas present.
There are several options where one can get diesel truck repair services. Whether for major or minor fixing, a car needs frequent service checks to ascertain that it’s efficient and to replace worn out parts. What matters is where you seek these important services and whether your provider can fully satisfy your needs and what it costs you.
The Lafayette Cemetery got its name from the town of Lafayette – not to be confused with the city of Lafayette, roughly 140 miles west of New Orleans, that later adopted the name. The cemetery was founded by the Spanish during their short-lived rule of the colony. Today, the above-ground cemetery style can be seen all over the former Spanish empire from Argentina to California.
When reading Daniel Kahneman’s book Thinking Fast and Slow there were pain and pleasure experiments discussed in and about page 381 which goaded a thought experiment into my fevered brain. I will get to that in a bit. The experimenter told the subject there were three short pain experiments where they were to voluntarily hold their hand in ice water. The first was to be for 60 seconds and for them to record on a scale of 0 – 10 just how painful that felt. The second was after a resting period of seven minutes to hold their hand in the ice water for 90 seconds and record just how much pain they felt.
“Why aren’t you in bed? “ he asked. She groaned. He picked her off the floor and flopped her on the bed. “What’s the matter? Did you get the abortion?”
Overall, I really enjoyed this novel. I like the strange and wonderful characters that were revealed throughout the course of the book. While I wish the connection between the two plots had been revealed a bit sooner in the novel, I did enjoy how everything came together in the second half of the novel. I hope that Patrick Somerville will consider writing a sequel because I enjoyed the characters and would really like to know what happens next.
Being an activist
I cheated and drafted this post last night as it is a fairly longish one. So all i need to do then is...................
"A Cloudy rainey morning after a wet night."
This is a band whose major accomplishments are either a remnant of the musical past (concept albums) or were never much a part of the music landscape anyway (flute solos). Their influence might not have been great, but at least there was one Jethro Tull.
If you can email me at hazze89510@aol.com with Willow Sketchie Winner in the Subject Line I will get your prize sorted out for you.
Butros also warned against the risk of Israel becoming an exclusively Jewish state, with a consequent threat to the 1.5 million Muslim and Christian Arabs living there.
And lastly, Judy Blume was another big favourite of mine. There was something amazingly honest and comforting about her writing. It’s exactly what you need when you’re a teenage girl trying to figure out the world.
I believe my state of mind during them days wasn’t as strong as it is now. I’ve had time to get myself back, I’m very grateful to someone I once worked with for talking me out of taking a step into the unknown.
But, like chocolate, they draw you to them in the shop, they warm your soul (sole) on a cold day, they ‘insist’ that you buy them, take them home and care for them, they comfort you on a bad day and they always make you feel a little decadent.
On the other hand, Jews know they are funniest people and don’t need to prove it. Jokes leak out of Jews like diarrhea from a Mexican tourist visiting America. I don’t think Jews joke to make the other people laugh, as regular English people do. “Irving, I have to. But you?” is one of my favourite punch lines – I don’t have time to tell you the whole joke but the attitude is all Jewish.
She hugs me.
£700 deposit still hasn’t been returned to J and his housemates. Having
It is still possible to obtain rates from 3.29% at the lower end subject to loan to values levels and linked products taken.
From Wednesday, March 23 though Friday, March 25, we are having a Spring Cleaning Sale. When you place ANY order that requires shipping, you will receive a freebie with your order. It could be a full spool of ribbon, a patterned paper pack, or any other item out of our Spring Cleaning Sale box. It'll be a suprise... a little extra reason to look forward to receiving your order. You have three days to take advantage of this fun sale, so get your wishlist together and shop HERE at the MFT Boutique.
“No.” John said.
There is also still a lot of geographical variability in the quality of treatment and care. London now has a network of eight hyper-acute stroke units with extra specialist staff around the clock and the ability to rapidly assess, diagnose and treat patients, as well as additional therapists. Consequently, people who have strokes in the capital are around 20 per cent less likely to die of them. Bringing the rest of the country up to the same standard is a key challenge facing today’s health managers.
And they had to make it themselves.
As for the standards themselves, I'm comparing them closely with the standards currently in place in Louisiana. For my part they just don't seem as good. Also disturbing is the movement away from classical texts and literature in general to non-fiction and technical writing. Now, we do a pretty good bit of non-fiction in my classes. To a certain extent teachers can pick and choose the selections from the text. You don't necessarily have to real ALL the fiction, or ALL the non-fiction, for example. You follow your pacing guide, hit all your standards and benchmarks, and select a fair representation from each genre (in 10th grade, anyway).
Lavine asked how many projects NYC IDA rejects each year.
Well, that was easy. We spent the weekend primitive camping and there were only two major differences in the whole diapering routine:
and trucking industry implements this product it will minimize global air
There are so many problems in the world right now and this is a very small blog but I have to point out the old saying that ignorance of the law is no excuse under the law. It's quite obvious that the same rule should apply equally to environmental crimes. The fact is that there are no islands left where we can start again. As Bill McKibben said:
I was told to use the crutches until the doctor flew here from another village and could fit me into an appointment (he had 1 busy week in which he had to fit much of the population of Tasiujaq).
Whence true authority in men; though both
There is currently a steady, consistent voice telling me all the faults and character flaws I have given reign to this week and I am in complete agreement with the internal assessment. I’ve watched a couple of programs this week that give that voice tangibility. One is The Biggest Loser, the focus this season is “No Excuses,” the other is the most recent episode of Tabatha Takes Over where she’s faced with a business owner whose apathetic, uncaring response to feeling overwhelmed is to sit back and do nothing. I did say that I have been occupying myself with television, right?
3. Tell them you have to pee then run off to the bathroom and never come back.
Few people have enjoyed a closer association with jump racing in the last 30 years than John Patrick ’J P’ McManus, who was born on a farm in Co Limerick on March 10, 1951 and attended the Christian Brothers school on Sexton Street, Limerick. He left his father’s plant hire business at the age of 20 to become a racecourse bookmaker, but then took the less well-trodden route of gamekeeper-turned-poacher when becoming a professional punter. McManus recalls one of his first bets as being on Merryman II in the 1960 Grand National when he was just nine, but the bet that changed his life was £4 on Linden Tree in a Newmarket maiden in 1970, the horse winning at 100/8. He had another £4 on when Linden Tree won the Observer Gold Cup at 25/1, and £5 each-way at 33/1 for the Derby, when the horse beat all bar Mill Reef. The amount he wagered grew rapidly and he is still one of the highest-staking punters on the racecourse. Dubbed “the Sundance Kid” by journalist Hugh McIlvanney after a number of major gambles in the ring during the 1970s, he is also the biggest jump owner in terms of numbers in Britain, Ireland and France (some 300 horses spread over 50 trainers ran for him last season) after he purchased his first racehorse, Cill Dara, at the age of 26. He has a host of business interests including dealing on the financial markets from his Geneva base and part- ownership of the Sandy Lane Hotel in Barbados, where he also has a house. With John Magnier, he bought a 28.7% stake in Manchester United through the Cubic Expression company before subsequently selling out to US tycoon Malcolm Glazer in 2005. He was in the news shortly after that because of his stake in the pub and restaurant operator Mitchells and Butler. In 2011, the Sunday Times estimated McManus’ wealth at £481 million, making him the 12th richest person in Ireland. Since Mister Donovan landed the Supreme Novices’ Hurdle in 1982, he has enjoyed 36 other Cheltenham Festival successes, headed by the great three-time Champion Hurdle hero Istabraq and the brilliant Baracouda, who landed the 2002 and 2003 renewals of what is now the Ladbrokes World Hurdle. In 2010, he won a fourth Champion Hurdle with Binocular. This year was a memorable Cheltenham Festival for the owner, whose five victories at The Festival included Synchronised, victorious in the Betfred Cheltenham Gold Cup. McManus does a lot of work for charity and his Pro-Am golf tournament, which takes place every five years, has raised over 95 million euros. McManus is also a keen backgammon player and a big hurling fan. He owns Jackdaws Castle, the Gloucestershire yard that Jonjo O’Neill trains from, and has invested heavily in improving facilities since purchasing the property in 2001. He was British champion owner for the 2005/6, 2006/7, 2008/9 and 2009/10 seasons. A full 28 years after his runner in the race, McManus finally achieved a long-held ambition when Don’t Push It won the 2010 John Smith’s Grand National. He often has multiple entries in the race; five runners in 2004, six in 2005, four in 2006, two in 2007, four in 2008, four in 2009, four in 2010 and five in 2011. Last year Don’t Push It went close to recording back- to-back victories, finishing third, and prior to his success in 2010, Clan Royal went close when second in 2004, he was then carried out when in the lead at Becher’s second time around in 2005 and was third in 2006, while King Johns Castle filled the runner-up spot in the 2008 contest. John Smith’s Grand National Record: 1982 Deep Gale (Fell 1st), 1988 Bucko (PU bef 27th), 1992 Laura’s Beau (3rd), 1994 Laura’s Beau (Fell 6th), 1996 Wylde Hide (UR
The concept most masterfully used in Performing Prose is the idea of convention and deviation. One of the most useful chapters in the book, this section covers the importance of knowing when the follow the rules and when the break them. Tucked in here is writing advice gold as the importance of readability is stressed in five simple points, a secret weapon useful to all writers. What adds to the beauty of this section is how well the authors carefully tiptoe across that thin line between convention and deviation, creating a perfect blend of the two.
It snowed, which is not really nice at all. The snow missed it’s scheduled visit in December. Please go away.
Oh man...I love this picture. I am quite certain that I have the best husband alive. He also is the best daddy alive. I am not partial at all by the way.
Thank you so much everyone for checking in on us and for all of your prayers!
I hope I’ve helped to answer the protein question but please feel free to shout out if there is something I missed. I have read and learned so much about this subject in the past year. I love to talk about it and help anyone who asks, but I never want to feel like I am pushing vegetables or a vegetarian lifestyle on anyone. Whatever works for you!
A beautiful thing happened throughout the world in the late sixties and early seventies, the censorious bluenoses who policed popular culture, making the world safe for mediocrity, began to lose their grip on the throttle. Free expression flourished. Honesty, candor and good ideas flowed again. We know what the results were in America and continental Europe, a mass pollination of openness and freedom. We rightly consider this a great golden age now. In the realm of British film the loosening of restrictions largely resulted in a lot of sexually and formally juvenile movies like CONFESSIONS OF A WINDOW CLEANER and I’M NOT FEELING MYSELF TONIGHT. But amidst this stupidity, a man named Pete Walker had set up shop. He produced films that had a lot more of the maturity and assurance of the best American and continental product. COOL IT CAROL is a terrific movie about a young couple who come to London from a small town and are intoxicated by the bright lights and easy virtue of London. Soon the two have embarked on a voyage of sexual self discovery both together and apart. It’s a very funny movie but not in the usual British “crumpets and dolly-bird” manner. Check it out. Thanks to the Ant Timpson Film Archive for this rare print.(Lars)
Having access to millions of songs sounds like music nirvana, but it has its drawbacks. Unless you have a photographic memory to remember groups, albums and songs you love it’s difficult to keep up. The solution is the Collection concept. You tag songs and albums you like and they get listed separately as your personal library of music. If you already have a library of music on your computer, Rdio will look at it and tag those albums for your Collection. That’s handy for some people, but I have 1,500 CDs and I didn’t want them all in my Rdio collection. I’ve chosen to rebuild my virtual collection by what I like now.
.....we're here for your habit....
Just a few additional words about the dolphin strand feeding video - dolphins in the Carolinas are known for this method of "herding" fish to shore, then enjoying a nice feast. The first 35 seconds of the video show my view of some dolphins swimming near shore; you can hear me whisper-chat with a boy who was walking next to me toward this group of dolphins. The other spectators (including my family) gathered at this popular strand feeding location were about 50 feet behind us, looking at other dolphins swimming nearby. Around 37 seconds into the video, in the upper right corner of my frame, the dolphins spring into action! Needless to say, I feel extremely fortunate to see this action in person SO close AND capture it on video.
From a chapter written by Erk in the American Football Coaches Association’s Defensive Football Strategies: “By our own definition, a Junkyard Dog is a dog completely dedicated to his task, that of defending his goal line. Further, he is very often a reject (from the offense) or the runt of the litter. Nobody wants him, and he is hungry. We had three walk-ons, four QBs, and three running backs in our original Junkyard Dog starting cast, which averaged 208 pounds across the front. In short, a Junkyard Dog is one who must stretch and strain all of his potential just to survive. Then he can think about being good.”
Just look at this delightful little fantasy creature.
The tail end of summer is winding down fast. Here's an easy tart to pull together that uses the last summer tomatoes you may have on hand. This makes a great lunch when served with a salad, packs well for picnics or makes nice appetizers if cut into bite-size pieces.
Yes, waffles. As in breakfast. I know it's noon. No judging.
Wearing: Michael Stars top, thrifted jeans, cape, and belt, gifted boots, and old scarf
footing
With that being said, recently, for the first time in my life… I lost my grip. I forgot how to smile. I have no energy to muster a smile. Not to say that I haven’t always been moody and temperamental, but this time it’s been definitely and completely different. I have succumbed to unexplained extreme depression and anxiety. I have no idea how this happened, nor do I have an explanation. I have a chemical imbalance. I feel like I’m having a heart attack on a daily basis. (God-forbid) For as long as I can remember, my personality has always been the cheerful, lovey-dovey, outgoing…you know, the “no backbone” type. I’ve rarely uttered the word “no” to anyone outside of my immediate household and this at times, has made a mad-woman. Yes, I know all to well that you can relate… we all find ourselves in this situation at one time or another. To say the least, just maybe my mind has just decided to finally throw my hands in the air and give up? I really don’t know how this happened. (I keep looking for a legitimate reason, yet I now know the triggers) Something that I can confidently say is that this change of life is and has been for way too long, kicking my ass. I am 41 years young and absolutely menopausal. (TMI, I know, but I really don’t care anymore) It has hormonally, been an emotional roller coaster and I am trying desperately to repair a broken spirit. Again, anyone that knows me won’t be surprised when I say that my creativity has spiraled downward. This is nothing new… it’s been spoken of countless times among friends and loved ones in the last couple of years. When I lost that creative feeling, I guess I lost a pretty good sized chunk of my soul. I have been lost without it. Like an itch that you just can’t scratch. Patiently waiting for my muse to return… spending many hours in my art studio just looking around for something to do- to no avail. I am and have always been very (duh!) high energy and have become very high maintenance. Sitting idle and stagnant has NEVER agreed with me. Maybe this has something to do with my mental collapse? Who knows? For some reason, in writing, it seems as though the loss of creativity adds an enormous key element to all of this. Trust me, it does take its toll but I am also not naïve. Blame cannot entirely be cast upon my loss of creativity; it’s just an easy scapegoat. There are of course, a number of other circumstances that have added to my stress level over the last few years. Those, I’m just not willing to chatter out loud to the world about.
Our Millie is an unbelievably wise, fully paid up eccentric girl with a brilliant sense of humour that just makes you feel so good. She has a real empathy for others, hates nastiness and always befriends the kid who's getting a rough deal. Alongside this she has an innocence that means she's in no rush to grow up. She's getting every last drop out of her childhood and that makes us very happy parents indeed.
Reasons behind the spike in babies out of marriage are varied, the New York Times reports.
oh, and one thing i had to say.. letter writing is the most rewarding thing ever. more rewarding than volunteering in third world countries. i have been putting care packages together for my best friend in america, best new friend in scotland, and my blogging friends.
I belong to a remarkable Facebook fanpage called International Association for Suicide Prevention (IASP) and they are in official relations with the World Health Organization (WHO). This fanpage does tremendous work to educate about suicide, things to look out for and be aware of so you may recognize if someone is in need. They give many links to information, including their HELP tab that links to a page giving numbers or sites in your area if you are contemplating suicide or know someone who is. This is a WORLDWIDE group and that I’ve not found anywhere else.
6. Truckin' - 10:31
Top salad with Bosc pear slices and crumbled goat cheese. Serve remaining dressing on the side. I also served extra cheese crumbles in a small ramekin so that my guests could further dress their salad.
6. The Islamic century - Neo-Barbarism and Chaos, the new Dark Ages
“Ta rum, ta rum, ta rum.” Maud’s hoofbeats pounded towards the gate. The boys closed their eyes. Then, all went silent. There was no feeling from the running horse as they soared through the air, just total smoothness. Maud had jumped the fence. Muck and Finn opened their eyes and looked around for the bull. That worthy creature was still paying no attention to them. They were safe.
I will give some credit for its heart being in the right place. Rocky is seriously injured after his bout with Drago and I the poor house after his accountant squanders his fortune, yet he is prepared to start all over again and even take the offer of a Don King-esque promoter for another fight just to take care of his family. He becomes distracted from his son when the opportunity to mentor Tommy Funn. Rocky then has to struggle to find how his various responsibilities lie within his new lot in life.
Another part of thе ultra setting would bе the Direct-X compatible sound card thаt has motherboard capabilities іn delivering а high quality sound. These cards are nоrmаllу internal оr external and can be attached to a surround sound system for а ultra gaming experience.An active Broadband Internet connection іѕ nеcеssarу fоr normal аnd ultra settings.
As soon as she was gone, I threw the tray with the dissected doughnuts away.
273 2. “Subrahmanyan Chandrasekhar (1910-1995),” Free Press, The University of Chicago, Chicago, Illinois, February 1996, p. 4. (Source: Item D-VIII/31/1995, below. Incorporated in Item C-1997(1), below.)
Sumer is i-cumin in,
3. Stick your fingers in the flower bed.
He said he also supports more education among law enforcement officials, including bachelor’s degrees and higher. That includes philosophy, sociology, art and an appreciation of the public’s right to free speech.
On Friday, April 8th, from 5-8PM we will be sampling:
Johnathan Hood sat in a wooden rocking chair on the front porch of his rambling log home watching the hive of activity below. It was nearly 8:00 p.m. The sky was growing dark, but the burgeoning camp was still bustling with activity.
The miracle of adoption...
and the memory
"On the basis of the marriage certificate."
I’m sure you remember Prison Break. In my opinion, it was one of the best jail breaks of all time after the one in the Shawshank Redemption. True, it had an unrealistic story, but it was brilliant. My love for it was so great that I loathed the directors of Prison Break for not making the main character, Michael Scofield, gay. I am sure he wouldn’t have been that enthusiastic to run away from Fox River State Penitentiary if the stories they tell of prison are anything to go by. The only way to punish a gay man is by sending him to a female prison. In short, it would have allowed the show to last a couple more seasons longer.
I am over halfway through the treatment now and hoping non of the terrible side affects (that I had to sign a disclaimer for) will happen to me.
Mix 2 tsps of icing sugar with a little water.
As they wait for the first customer. Soon!
Last year this was an idea derided by the media right and left. “A predator’s picnic,” is how one radio station described it. “Bizarre!” exclaimed the front page of The New York Daily News, which went on to lambaste it. And when TV was talking about the day, most stations automatically showed footage of 3-year-olds in the park, as if that’s what the day was about: Leaving toddlers to fend for themselves.
walked by a vintage under-managed jazz club at 2nd floor
133. Schindler's List: Thomas Keneally
Your dismay at my report
Yesterday, the bank said it “rejects any suggestion that it was unduly exposed at the time the loan was granted or that there was undue risk involved”.
When is a raven like a writing desk? Who is John Galt? How many licks does it take to get to the tootsie-roll center of a tootsie-pop? These are the mysteries that the world may never know. (But if you slogged through all five million pages of Atlas Shrugged, you might know the answer to one of those questions. Hint: it's not the tootsie-pop one.)
He has memorized most if not all of the Bible and has a PhD in counseling and theology. He's very humble and I just enjoy hearing his view on things. Well, last night he was getting questions such as, "What if you feel like you have made a wrong decision, what should you do?" He answered that, "Pull the plug, if something is not working, try another avenue." Then later when someone was asking about feeling they can't go on with things, he was talking about never giving up. Life is such a constant decision of what to do and what not to do. I know this isn't very profound or anything, but lately I have been thinking about my posts not being very interesting at all. I love blogging, but I read some of the most clever posts on my friend's blogs and I can't help but think, "Trish, you have what sounds like a very mundane life."
Here are links to good tutorials on starting and ending for those who want to try
I spent all day yesterday wiping buckets and buckets of snot from his nose. Things just kept getting worse.
I also made a new celebrity pal, with Suggs being intrigued by my beer ticking antics - he'd clearly never met anyone who gets kicks out of trying new beers, and bombarded me with questions about festivals and ale, declaring to the barman "That girl has got it right! What a hobby!" He stuck to Hop Back Crop Circle for the afternoon, signing my beer list, rather than starting his own!
PT (personal trainer)" did you eat this morning?"
Imagine that! Sam Lambright, a stickler for the proper order of things, thought he could fashion Suzanna into a fine wife and mother. James suspected that would take some doing: Zanna wasn’t one who took to being molded into anyone else’s ideal. But what a happy challenge this presented! And what a fine-looking woman she’d grown to be. Truth be told, he secretly admired her tendency to think and speak for herself rather than to say jah and submit to the men in her life.
Ideals are great. Where there are no ideals, no vision, the prevailing culture can quickly over-ride, and principles be forgotten. But ideals must be tempered with realism. Life is often best when we can accept being 'good enough', doing our best with what we have, rather than being disappointed that we don't achieve perfection.
Unlike a game such as God Of War 3 or Mafia II where your character’s destiny is pre determined and you are playing through *their* story, with Alpha Protocol you are creating your own version of Michael Thornton’s life.
Parasol’s, on Constance Street in the Irish Channel. Parasol’s is best known for its Roast Beef Po Boys. Don’t be afraid to go in, everyone is friendly.
Ok, let me preface this with saying, I don’t like Nicholas Sparks. Not his books…not his movies….not even The Notebook! I can’t handle the tragedies in his writing…seriously too predictable and sad for me. However, I turned to NYT best seller list, and when I saw that Zac Efron was playing the lead in The Lucky One movie….I had to give it a shot.
But this morning, those wanting Hunt to go in a Comres poll outnumbered his supporters 3-1. In fact, only 16% of UK adults think Hunt should stay.
Many of the events in which RAND plays a part are based on assumptions which are hard to verify because of the lack of detail on RAND’s highly classified work for defense and intelligence agencies.
I let them run amuck.
June 20 — June 23
The Welsh volunteers in particular raised the morale of their comrades, by their unity, their strength, their tenacity and in particular their singing, with the miners amongst them put to good use with their tunnelling skills.
This led to an explosion of solo parent families living on the DPB rather than trying to make their relationships stick.
.....Enjoy the rest of the weekend.....
"Shutter Island" is the story of duly-appointed federal marshal Teddy Daniels (played by Leonardo DiCaprio) and his new partner Chuck Aule (played by Mark Ruffalo) as they come to the Ashecliffe Asylum on the island to find an inmate, Rachel Solando, who disappeared mysteriously. Almost immediately, their investigation is stonewalled by the asylum's doctors, most notably Dr. Cawley (played by Ben Kingsley in the Ben Kingsley role) and Dr. Naehring (played by Max von Sydow in the Max von Sydow role). This is obviously what the trailer, which we all saw a few million times, has laid out as the narrative. Of course, knowing full well how the 21st century thriller functions, you can also assume that practically everything you see on the surface is not what it seems.
In the end, I’m not entirely sure what I was supposed to take from The Ballad of Jack and Rose. It’s such a specific story, and the narrow focus makes it difficult for some of the larger themes to translate. For example, the rebellion of adolescence is a pretty universal concept, but as it develops within Rose’s insular world, her form of rebellion can be hard to relate to, even for someone who knows some of where she’s coming from.
Next, I head to the grocery store. I have 4 reusable grocery bags from www.thebagsy.com that hold quite a bit of food! So, my grocer packs all my weeks worth of groceries into those 4 bags plus an additional bag of ice. I politely decline the drive-up that is offered. I leave the cart in the front entry way as I proceed to carry my groceries to my car: 3 bags in one hand and 2 bags in the other. Hmm…quite similar to a weighted farmer’s walk (pictured above). Load them up. Thanks Crossfit.
For this year’s competition, writers were asked to imagine themselves as a journalist, stationed in a developing country, writing for an internationally renowned newspaper. Their editor asked them to write a 1,000 word article on one of the following topics: Living on less than $2 a day in the developing world: Imagining the future of a child born today in the developing world: Important lessons we can learn from the developing world
It's pretty simple, really. Today, I felt like I was entitled to a few things - a kind word, a "thank you", some appreciation for having gone shopping and cleaned the cat box and played Guitar Hero and taken the family bowling. In truth, all of those things I have done today - and probably hundreds more that I did not even know I did - have likely been appreciated by my children in an authentic and deep way. That is usually how it works. The fact is that most days I am fine with being appreciated and respected in whatever ways work for my children, but today I would have preferred - preferred - to have been appreciated the way that felt best to me, regardless of how they felt about it. Why? Well, frankly, because I feel like I am entitled to it - not all the time, not even most of the time, and never when I am at my best and most secure - just right here, right now.
"The Art Masters delves into the education side of art, with resources on the best in art education social media, art teaching resources, and so much more."
Not talk?
With an excuse to leave you know,”
I got a good start at 6am with the first light since a Greek sun is an unforgiving one and I wanted to keep it at my back both ways. I passed over rolling red hills with scrub, through little pine groves, over sandy, pebbly beaches, scrambled over huge lava rocks, down rough red cliffs.
You: OH MY GOD!!!! You’re my SISTER!!
2)From the very beginning of creation allah created 12 months in a year and only held four of them sacred. These are the months of peace ie in which muslims must not wage any war on infidels. However if during these months muslims are attacked by infidels then muslims must fight back and kill the infidels unless they repent from their disbelief in islam and submit to it. Other than the sacred months muslims must attack infidels wherever they find them.
past builders’ mess
TWO MILES!!!! Eight laps of the games field!
I am not demonizing anyone who does not want to carry the historical and symbolic baggage of this contract. But I am indeed defending its validity, redefinition, and place in modern society. Maybe this is “especially” because I am female; maybe it’s not.
If you want your leg-coverings to let the world know that you’ve got a few quid and don’t care who knows it, or that you have some big ideas about what’s on at the ICA right now - or simply that you are completely insane (but in a mainly non-stabby way) - then you’d better get your wife or girlfriend to take those jeans and chinos down to the charity shop post-haste! Because there’s only one type of trousers you’ll be wanting to wear, and that’s RED TROUSERS. In fact - if you can’t wear red trousers you’d be better off wearing NO TROUSERS AT ALL. That’s what I say. *quid = pounds
Two of the tip-top high school running backs in America played in the Tar Heel State in 2011, and both will play in the same backfield at Georgia. Speedster and straight-A student Keith Marshall of Raleigh is already enrolled and should be on display in the G-Day Game. Marshall, regarded by most recruiting services and publications as the top running back in all of high school football, gives UGA a rare back-to-back fete: Isaiah Crowell was ranked first of all high school runners last recruiting season before winning SEC Freshman of the Year honors. Crowell seemingly had the award in the bag three quarters of the way through the 2011 season, as his production slipped way off while he battled injuries, immaturity and suspension. His relative ineffectiveness and a lack of quality depth at running back open the door wide for Marshall to be a major factor in his first season Between the Hedges. But the thinking of another N.C. runner must have been that there would be plenty of touches available in Athens over the next few seasons, as State Champion Todd Gurley surprised some by joining the Georgia Bulldogs. Offensive coordinator Mike Bobo may finally have the dominant running game he covets for his heavy running and deep play-action pass oriented offense to excel.
Here's a song to celebrate Spring: Morning has Broken - Cat Stephens
“Yes, that’s a game console. In my day, you used that to play video games. And yes, it needed those wires hooked into the box.”
Hope to get back into blogging soon, but it may be a few more weeks.
Other people believe someone was – or several people were – lying / cheating, and just not turning in their balls, because they didn’t want to be “out.” Well, after the second round, we only had 5 balls, which was not enough to play the next round. So, we had to call the rest of the event off. It was extremely disappointing.
It is humility that brings a soul to nothing before God, which also removes every hindrance to faith. One can only wonder what would have become of her daughter if she had reacted in pride like many would have.
Some have questioned this statement and the origin of any U.S. moral responsibilities towards Israel. One can legitimately ask whether all segments of the American population would agree with such an assertion. In fact President Eisenhower took prompt action to squelch Israeli territorial ambitions in 1956 with a policy that placed America’s interests first in dealing with and responding to Israel. But Presidents since then have strayed from Eisenhower’s position, and evolved the strong U.S. commitment to Israel’s in-situ preservation into a touch stone of U.S. foreign policy. Our decision makers have talked us into this position for decades with a foreign policy that uncompromisingly defends Israel’s physical existence. If and when war and/or evacuation become necessary they will fall to us – not as a matter of national consensus, but as a reality for the President at that time.
With an hour of video uploaded to YouTube every second, we’ve got a lot of sneak peeks to get ready on YouTube, and not every video will have this feature available at launch. Let us know what you think as you start seeing these features around the site.
Simon Nightingale will tell us why he is happy.
The result was tumbling mortality rates as the man in the stalling trolleybus took to drinking flight fuel, the total collapse of the economy as everyone spent all their time making, procuring and drinking red-eye, and the rise of the Russian Mafia. Oh, and the Soviet Union shrank from super-power status to the back of Gorbachev's limo, which had had its hub caps stolen and fashioned into rather fetching earrings by the eternally drunk President Yeltsin. Cheers!
There was a mad dash for masks, goggles, and gloves (unfortunately we were fresh out of hazmat suits). The area was then doused with bleach and quarantined with some visqueen. With mold like this, we knew our only course of action was to tear out the dry wall and replace it. So that's exactly what we did!
YOU HAVE
Remembering again that I shall die
Consensus: Traffic does a great job by telling its one subject through three interesting stories that are all featured with great performances, no clear-cut messages on what it’s trying to say, and a bunch tension running through the whole time but there is no real emotional impact that comes together here and instead you just sort of watch a dark flick about drugs, without any people you can care about, except for Del Toro’s character.
I need less linear thinking friends, too. Help me.
The new prompt is: What is children ruled the world?
It seems that the ambulance service and the eight members of the militia arrived at the scene at the same time. The militia members, heavily armed with semi-automatic rifles and in vehicles, ignored the attempts of two policemen who had happened upon the scene to placate them. After ensuring that the young man and woman were being treated and asking for a description of their assailants, they drove off in the general direction they concluded they must have gone, back into the ex-ACZ.
BPA, technically known as bisphenol-A, is a chemical used in the epoxy linings for beer cans and many other products, likely including the Ball Corp. cans used by most canning craft breweries in Colorado.
In high school I had just a few friends. In the early years of my marriage to recently, I had another set of a few friends. Within the past two years or so, I've been making friends by pouring my troubles out to people, but not really keeping in touch with them any more than once every 6 weeks or so. It's like I'm afraid to call my already made friends for fear that they are not going to be available (which would feel like rejection), or that we won't have anything new to discuss and our talk will turn to gossip or judging each other.... Wow, what a negative and fearful view I have of the world! :/
Through writing down your goals, using the power of visualization and keeping your focus on your new paradigm, you can achieve amazing results. Visualization help you to shift your beliefs, assumptions, and opinions about the most important person in your life — YOU! They allow you to harness the 20 billion brain cells in your brain and get them all working in a singular and purposeful direction. Give it a try and allow your subconscious to become engaged in a process that helps you see the end results you intend to achieve, and feel what it’s like to produce the reality of those results coming true. It’s a power that comes from within and every athlete knows that it’s a vital key to their success. The process is invisible and doesn’t take a lot of time, and the payoff is immeasurable.
How many years past a Use By date can you go?
I always tell people who are just starting to exercise to take baby steps. I advise them to do a little something more than they’re currently doing, maybe add an after dinner walk a couple of times a week, because a little is better than nothing and over time they can build from a solid base. People who jump in whole hog, who go from not exercising at all to trying to create a show ready physique in a few months are almost always bound for failure (even if they do get that stage ready physique they often hold onto it for a couple of weeks then it’s back to the norm). It’s too much too fast and they get burned out, discouraged and finally quit. I think the same thought pattern could be applied to stopping smoking. It’s too daunting to go cold turkey. That’s extremely hard for most people but even the most cigarette addicted person could drop a cigarette or two from the norm each day. That’s progress and it’s to be celebrated. When that’s comfortable, they can drop another one or two a day. Slow and steady wins the race. Say they never, ever quit completely but they cut their cigarette intake by 75%. That’s still a wonderful thing. Too often we think in all or nothing terms. It lets us throw up our hands when we can’t make the goal. Sometimes an almost show-ready physique is enough and sometimes an almost ex-smoker is too…sustained over time, both are vast improvements.
He is a great friend of mine via the twitter network(follow him @BartenderUK ) and a wealth of cocktail knowledge. So i spoke with him earlier and here's what Lewis told me about his cocktail background....
B2G1: “Buy Two Get One.” Another form of BOGO, but specifies different numbers, which will vary depending on the actual sale (B1G1, B3G2, etc.).
I got to work and set up my classroom for the day today. My sixth graders did some more work with scales on keyboard and prepared them for their test next week. My seventh graders did the same, but with two-handed scales. My eighth graders worked on their first two-handed song and so far things seem to be going okay. I was happy with how my instructional day went and I headed home right after work.
As we neared a point where we could either cross a road and head up the mountain or just follow the road back to the van, we opted for the road. It was shorter and as Jason, Gary and Ann were way ahead of us, we thought it was our best chance of getting back to the van at the same time. We all met back up and we told them about my mysterious throat drama and Suzanne and Paige scolded the others for getting so far ahead while they had to carry me up the trail. The other three didn’t by it!
Fair enough. Good publicity for a small film, though sadly much too early to profit from.
Quertle is a free, “semantic” alternative to PubMed that is worth exploring. Quertel has an easy-to-use interface that’s great for narrowing a broad topic into a more specific query. It has helpful filters to assist with the paring-down process. There are some disadvantages to be aware of when using Quertle; it’s a free tool, so a fair amount of advertising is scattered between search results; it doesn’t support Boolean searching (using AND OR NOT to refine searches), nor is there Medical Subject Heading (MesH) searching. It lacks full text linking and there’s no open URL linking support– although it will link to PubMed. Also, there’s a bit of a learning curve to understanding “power terms” since there’s a no thesaurus (standardized preferred terms) to assist with searching. While testing the database, collapse / expand relationships button didn’t seem to work and it did not retrieve the newest articles indexed in PubMed, so there is a definite time lag in processing.
http://wherecanibuytime.blogspot.com/ Andrea is a very keen crafter but "Were Can she find time" .....when she does I tell you she makes fine time of it! And does some really lovely work.
Basketball is by far my least favorite sport of the Fantasy Sports I’m covering. Next to professional soccer players, professional basketball players are the biggest overpaid babies ever. I hate how ESPN glorifies basketball over hockey by showing the same exact dunk made by 7 different players usually in different games on the Top Plays and show no love to great hockey plays except on really slow days. Bet the anti-hockey folks (probably first and last time I use the word “folks” in any blog post ever… after that one… starting now) at ESPN were having nightmares on the verge of the NBA lockout for the 2011-12 season since they’d be forced to show hockey highlights from the end of the Super Bowl until March Madness.
But won’t she have such fun…
Of all the discriminatory impacts lupus can have on women and women of color, the one that gives me the greatest concern is that elderly black women lupus patients have the highest rate of mortality, as compared with all other groups of lupus patients. Early diagnosis and treatment of lupus patients helps reduce mortality and improve quality of life.
Rhine Ellery is just a sixteen year old girl who is taken from her home in order to become another one of the brides in a polygamous marriage. This is how the "first generations", or the people who were born before the genetic engineering, make sure these women reproduce and keep the population going until they are able to find a cure. Though Rhine has become quite fond of her sister wives, she still has her heart set on getting back to her twin brother, Rowan. Even if reuniting doesn't seem possible, she never loses her determination.
I hope the voting here has a bit more of a clearer result than last time as when they counted the votes, they had to count them all again, and again, and again, then thought it was getting a bit late and so decided to settle who’d won the election on a game of longest straw. Seriously. British democracy: The best in the World!
Here are the top 5 advantages of Maruti Suzuki Swift:
Lillian Trotsky (LT): I’m here from Radio West Fife (RWF) to interview Louis from Admiral Fallow. You’re debut ‘Boots Met My Face’ got some pretty glowing reviews – it’s why I’m here tonight! I was coming to see you either way no matter what because I thought the album was brilliant. You’re new single ‘The Paper Trench’ has received a lot of National airplay, and we’ve had it on RWF the past three weeks, and will continue to have it on.
Owls, Tal told me. The TCC is going to be built by owls.
Note: You do not have to use the above format. It is only a suggestion.
This list of similarities and coincidences that follows was taken from the 2010 Cybils YA Fiction nominations and was compiled by the 2010 Cybils YA Fiction Panel. It is no way to be considered completely exhaustive, as we are certain nominated books may have been missed. This list was originated out of amusement as the seven panelists as we read our way through the 182 titles. If you know of a nominated title that should be included in one of the synchronicities below, please feel free to submit it in the comments! To get the entire list, you’ll have to visit all seven of the panelist’s blogs.
I share one of my favorites from this CD...I hope you have time to be inspired and remember that from the Beginning He had a Plan for each of us. Look what He sees..."I see a star, He sees a galaxy....Who but You would dream your dream in me?
“If I have to press one for English, two if I want Spanish and three if I want Hindi, I don’t think I’ll have time for that today,” I thought of responding, but left him instead with a “No, thanks.”
Fast forward to November and NaNoWriMo=blog fail. I was so excited about the idea of NaNoWriMo, because even though I may not have mentioned it before, I don’t think I’m the only book blogger out here that also has aspirations of writing. It’s part of what I love about blogging. And every time I sat down to write my project, I was thinking about blog posts I wanted to write…but I didn’t want to get distracted (too late), so I wouldn’t let myself blog until I met my NaNoWriMo quota… It was a vicious circle of unproductiveness, and although I still feel like it was very valuable learning experience, it was kind of hard to get the momentum back after that…
We were suppose to find good food in Taizhong and Taipei, but to me, except for the steamboat buffet we had in Xi Men Ding, a restaurant called Ma La (馬辣）that serves good variety of food, all other food were just so so. It's all about street food, "concept" food but not really so much of good, tasty food. It could be because the taste doesn't suit myself.
So That Happened!....
I think I can learn how to work this instagram thing. I really like it, I would just also like to not take awkward pictures of myself in the mirror.
Blogs i read
Rendang is generally served take cover rice in Indonesia but dominion Malaysia undoubted is served veil ketupat ( a thick rice cake ) also lemang ( glutinous rice barbecued reputation bamboo tubes ).
This is probably the most difficult story to illustrate that I’ve written. I do not envy Melanie Hall the illustration task for The Littlest Mountain. In my head I actually had mountains circling and speaking to each other, with faces and the ability to move and dance. Picture book Illustrators tell the same story visually in their style. Melanie took the parts of The Littlest Mountain that spoke to her and made a cohesive, natural looking series of pictures that told the story her way and I thank her for her vision and terrific work.
But then Finn gets in the way. He's part of her brothers' team and he's there to protect her when her life could be in danger. From the first time he came on the pages dripping wet from a shower and making mine and Meara's heart aflutter.
Country: Germany
Here it’s not nursery toys
-I am taking the NO plastic bag challenge!
The crashing and smoking, the pride of the men in their pieces,
As I said earlier in the post, she didn’t quit over night. No one becomes a two pack a day smoker over night, so you’re not going to quit over night. The point is don’t think if you quit smoking then you can change other things about yourself. Change things about yourself and your life then you will attract the urge to not smoke. As you start making these small changes they will become familiar and you’ll feel comfortable with the new changes. As you become comfortable with the new changes then you attract more new changes. Over time you can and will become anyone you want to become. It’s simply the Law of Like attracts Like.
The photographic images that have been deployed on web in my essay on “The Tamil Tigers and Their Practices of Homage” (httt://thuppahiwordpress.com) as well as a host of less accessible academic articles convey the importance placed on the commemoration of the fallen by Pirapāharan and the Tiger leadership. The institutionalisation of mortuary rites of burial for their fallen from circa 1989 – in a radical move away from the cremation for those of Saivite faith[i] – was a way of sustaining meaningful bonding between Tiger personnel and those who had sacrificed their lives for the cause of Eelam.[ii]
That’s pretty much what I can think of right now.
With renewed vigor, I took a couple of deep breaths, and tapped on the microphone. The song that I chose to open with was “With a Little Help from my Friends” from the Beatles Sgt. Pepper’s Lonely Hearts Club Band. I thought that was befitting as I wasn’t the greatest singer yet and the first few lines always made me smile. It was a test for me to see if could laugh, and if I could laugh, I could play the rest of my set.
are baking the dough on a pizza stone, you may place your toppings on the dough, and bake immediately. If you are baking your pizza in a pan, lightly oil the pan, and let the dough rise for 15 or 20 minutes before topping and baking it.
~~Praying Scripture: One moment, One prayer, One life changed by the power of God’s Word~~
3.Nomads
Here is the email I said I would send you. There will be another following, either today or tomorrow.
But you had probably guessed that already, hadn't you?
David Cameron later emerged to concrete the belief that he is losing control over his party by saying he didn’t know what his Cabinet Secretary was on about and that he was wrong. In fact, stockpiling and panic buying is the worst possible thing we can do in the face of a fuel shortage. This belief that as long as we personally have enough then everything is fine has resulted in queues at petrol stations across the country and mass spread hysteria.
The second occurrence was during his Presidential trip to Ireland, when he apparently slept with a Soviet booty spy. That spy was later involved with the British “Profumo Affair,” which brought down the government of British Prime Minister Harold Macmillan.
in the true spirit of continued self-deprecation, i feel inclined to mention that today's sweater makes me look about 40 pounds heavier than i actually am. however, it is also the only thing in my closet that makes me feel warm enough to avoid losing fingers and toes.
Out of a soundless
Enjoy the read....... and try to stay awake!
i talked with sydney about megan's wish.
This brings us to the notion of accountability. No person is likely to act responsibly in the absence of accountability as President Johnson and many, many others have sorely learned. President Lyndon Johnson’s vision of a grand, great society included the construction of apartments that would house minorities. The cost for those apartments, at the time, was staggering.
At this stage we can look up and see the struggles of others. We can see we are not alone and can dare to be empathetic, compassionate and reach out to help them without being pulled under again ourselves -because we are giving out of the abundance the Holy Spirit’s provision for us and within us, and not out of duty or a need to “be a something”. We are aware of his love. We can finally feel it. We can start to be ourselves and give more freely of ourselves.
It's a free story Victoria wrote as a thank-you to her fans, and she wrote it to answer ONE question: "Who was Cole before he came to Near?"
For a while now, I've been ready to say goodbye to the blue & bring in more white & green. We just haven't had the get-up-and-go to actually do it... Until I neared 9 months of pregnancy. OF COURSE that's the perfect time to attack the basement! (I really love my husband for humoring me.) We finished adding shelves to a little built-in book area...
Here is the picture of DH's tractor:
Fully conscious of my eyes on her, L used her first and third fingers to pull the fleshy hood back from her clit, allowing the tip of her middle finger to hover over the glistening nub, circling lightly, generating what I knew must be the first deep waves of pleasure for her. It was torment to watch, and heaven as well.
Schirmacher, who works full time for a marketing company, told Life Inc. that she ‘constantly’ worries about money since her husband lost his job as a property manager last September.
Today will be like most days; productively busy with attention on what I eat, frequent blood sugar monitoring, a walk with Tim and tremendous thankfulness to be this healthy at 33 years and counting.
There’s no equipment to buy, and the kids who can’t ring the bell at the top of the rope (or even get past the second knot) can participate with some confidence because they can see that the big football player could use a little help with his samba too.
Like the last post, I was up this morning plugging into the world. Another piece of news caught my eye but this one is more personal. Its to do with the Band Hazing case at Florida A&M University in Tallahassee, Florida. I write this post doing duel duty: to both defend and criticize student organizations (fraternities and sororities and the like) to those that are interested, members and the resistant. And I’m doing it as a proud member of both a fraternity and a sorority.
Taking the first step is the crucial thing – whether it’s a phone-call or something else, the first step sends the most powerful signal to your deepest self. You’re telling yourself that you’re going to do something about your situation, and this simple shift starts the ball rolling in a whole new direction.
New Hampshire high school junior Lizzie Davenport has been reincarnated from Regency Era, England ... but she doesn't know it yet.
“When departments prepare lists of prospective suppliers, they should request companies to disclose whether any of their directors and shareholders are employed in government. This includes disclosure of spouses and close relatives,” the report said.
When you start out in Iceland, you are so unaware of those “rules,” and that may be why there are certain freedoms here. When people start out here they make a record, and some people like it and it’s released. Talking to young people starting out in Britain, they are so aware, even before they form a band, what it’s supposed to be. They pick a genre. Then according to that genre they have to have this and this and this.
2) No turning needed – no faffing around a la Monty Don on GW, this is a method for those who don’t spend all week in the garden.
rushonrock: In terms what you want to express, how does Blutengel and Terminal Choice differ for you? Obviously there’s a more guitar orientated sound with Terminal Choice. Would you agree that it has a more aggressive nature?
Treat those who oppose you with the respect and human dignity with which you expect to be treated.
The mojo is back.
Last Sunday, given the choice between Easter church service and traditional family roast dinner, I sensibly opted for neither and instead moseyed on down to the studio to make an unholy racket with my disreputable friends (or at least one disreputable friend and my equally disreputable little brother).
Let's Capture Our Memories is offering this week's random winner a $20 gift certificate!!!!
Fryderyk either declined to push himself through all the noise, or he was overwhelmed by the other voices; at any rate, he faded out. I did feel connected to him to some degree for most of the day, though.
Becks x
Preheat your oven to 200°
Helmet made and sold protective equipment, including a popular fire fighters' helmet. Tunnard, a senior salesman for Helmet, was required to advise Helmet on the activities and prices of its competitors. In the period leading up to his resignation, Tunnard started developing the idea of a protective helmet which he believed Helmet would not be interested in making. He had drawings prepared and received finance through an award scheme. After leaving Helmet, Tunnard set up a company in which one of Helmet's competitors took a major shareholding.
After each compartment is filled, the object is then fired in kiln, where the enamel is baked and takes on its characteristic shine. The result is a beautiful piece of stunning colors.
February 14th (Valentine’s Day) I was doing up T4′s which are records of income for employment and are due by the end of February, so I was glad to get those done ahead of time.
Branded editions are offshoot products of the ABC-member newspaper that have a different name and include the word “edition.” Some common examples include Spanish-language newspapers and commuter or community editions. In FAS-FAX, the topline branded edition data is inclusive of both print and digital circulation. For more details on a newspaper’s branded editions, you’ll need to reference its Publisher’s Statement or use the eFAS-FAX analyzer tool.
It seems I have been in the groove of trying new recipes lately. I have tried a number of main dish and salad recipes, in particular. I hope to share some of these here on my blog in the next few days or weeks, so stay tuned. Here is a salad recipe which I tried last night: Roasted Beet Salad.
Lisa Germano
After class I went and bought running tights, as I was discussing running the Red Flannel 5K that's coming up in February and I really need some warmer running pants for cold weather running. I'm hoping some new gear will invigorate me and motivate me to get back in gear. It has been exactly 13 days since I last ran. That. is. not. ok. I was doing so good!
If life is motivated by sexuality, and art is a reflection of life (meaning that art in turn, is a reflection of sexuality) then can it be said that pornography is the purest form of ” Visual” art (with Sex itself the greatest form of “Art”). Pornography, although often consisting of some lame story line, cuts through all the social taboos,(bullshit in other words) and gets right to the sexuality, and possibly right to the inception of art. Adult film stars are performers after all, and if you believe art is a mirror of life, well porn is mirroring life’s greatest ecstasy, emotion, passion. Whether you like it or not, could Porn be the highest form of Visual Art?
Scattered round the room, her thin, glass sheet of confidence in pieces,
3) Parkin. Not because he lacks skills but because he’s a disgrace to himself. He has talent but no balls. Any man who can’t apply himself to his profession isn’t worthy of anything.
I think it’s cute that these films focus on children/girls that don’t have much going on for them.
“Well, Mr Potts, now you really will have to marry me!” exclaims the startled Miss Scrumptious.
Manas, a co-presenter of SABC2's Morning Live show, was sitting with her best friend at Olivia's Confectionary & Coffee Shop when the robbers struck. Her friend, whose name Manas did not want to reveal, was wounded during the robbery.
Now, if we take the broader meaning of the word, which would be the “outcome” or “result,” then we could read the verse as meaning; “these are the results of Noah…” This is what Rashi, Z”L, does, when pointing at a Midrash, explaining that we are meant to be taught that the primary “offspring” of the Tzaddiq are their righteous actions, since the most valuable things a person does, are the primary legacy of man. There is a sense in this, especially when we look at the historical accounts of the great men (and women) of history. There we often give account of their right (or for the wicked men, the wrong) they did.
‘Lolita’ opens with a fictitious foreword discussing the recently published memoirs of murderer and paedophile Humbert Humbert, and continues with the memoirs themselves. Set during 1950′s America, ‘Lolita’ is the self written biography of Humbert, an immigrant to the United States who eventually seduces, kidnaps and sexually molests his landlady’s daughter (who he variously refers to as Dolores, Dolly, Lolita, Lola, Lo, L). Despite the horrid nature of the plot, ‘Lolita’ has reached a cult status and has often been described as a masterpiece of English literature (which is very exceptional, considering English was Nabokov’s second or third language).
The other day, I got an email link to an article by Kevin East. His blog’s link is at the top right of my own. He was guest posting on Crosswalk.com. In that post, he listed a few reasons why he and his family got into foster parenting. Not wanting to miss a good opportunity, I thought I would share our family’s reasoning for making the same decision just over one year ago.
What now redeems oneself from past heartaches
Seriously. Plaid 80s-like tight pants, leather oxford-like shoes, bright, un-matching ties (sometimes bow ties), fitted blazers in grey, brown or tan, and little sweater vests over patterned collar shirts. This is awesome. This is some type of Hipster, except that here it’s next to impossible to mock mainstream commercial fashion. I think I don’t fully understand what’s going on here. But I know if I were a boy, I’d dress just like that.
It is a testament to the "voice" allowed in magazine journalism that Smith could (mostly) try to evaluate conclusions himself, without feeling obligated to balance every quote from each side, as "objective" newspaper coverage too often must attempt.
Following Fukushima, China is engrossed in a bottom-to-top reevaluation of its nuclear energy strategy.
I mentioned in the main review of MARVEL’S THE AVENGERS that I was most surprised by the appearance of Pepper Potts (at least until You Know Who showed up in the mid-credits sequence) because I didn’t hear anything about Gwyneth Paltrow being in the movie. Prior to seeing the movie, however, I was most surprised by the inclusion of SHIELD Agent Maria Hill, and the casting of Cobie Smulders to play her.
I've made some travel plans back to the States to continue the moving process and see family. The only problem is, I haven't received my Permanent Residence Card yet from CIC. Once you've landed as a Permanent Resident, this card is required to re-enter the country if you leave. It's like a passport for permanent residents. The CIC makes it a little clearer:
-cane to the stomach of Punk while he stands on the apron.
So, I've decided I want a fresh start! I'm thinking about starting a new blog sometime in the summer, my life is starting to change more and I want my blog to fit it too. So I hope when I return with a new blog, all of my followers will continue to follow me! I won't be gone completely, I will still update my tumblr and youtube, so please don't forget me! I will be back with an even better blog, that I think everyone will enjoy much more! If anyone still reads this blog I want to thank you, and hope I will see you on my new blog!!
There is no better example of our leaders being out of touch with real people than the ‘imperial’ image of our current President – evident when he is traveling with the trappings of royalty and in the incessant predominance of the words “I” and “my” in his public statements - apparent in his unprecedented, unapproved appointments of a myriad of ‘presidential czars’ and his disdain for the Congress and the Supreme Court.
I started Big School in 1973. Having passed the 11-Plus I had the choice of a grammar or a technical high. There were two other boys in my class who passed their 11-Plus and they were going to the technical high. Having somebody I knew going to the school, including a boy I had been to tea with several times, overrode the opinions of my parents that a grammar school would be better for me. Of course the grammar would have been more suitable but all I could see at the grammar was nobody I knew and lots of girls.
first when I wanted to take a picture of my wife
Yawwwwwwning and Yawwwwwing some more! LOL – Welp folks, SORRY – I am so NOT excited to watch him on television. My muslim / Christian president is a very interesting man. Consistency and Transparency would be wonderful things for him to display…… I understand that the 8 years BEFORE he was elected into the White House was very hard to deal with. However, in 4 years – and another election coming up – I DO NOT have any reason to pull the lever by his name for 2012!
Symptoms: I can actually feel things shifting around in my belleh, so I know it’s only a matter of time before there’s no doubt to anyone who sees me that I’m indeed knocked up. I officially popped around 24 weeks with Anna, and I think the same will happen this time. I lovingly refer to this feeling as “innard shifting” which is exactly what’s happening. This is a really cool representation of what happens to your organs during a pregnancy:
Denny Martinez, 1994 Topps Stadium Club
Among the things that might particularly interest the patent-litigating reader of this weblog are the references to game theory as a means of assessing the basis on which to progress and/or settle a dispute and the question whether -- when so much information is available to both sides in a dispute -- one might expect more of them to settle without the need to go to court.
I have three friends who are due with babies in the next two months and I have been working to find just the right gift for them. It needs to be something I can stand behind, can’t live without and will become a staple in their child’s wardrobe. The sleepsack from CastleWare fits the bill perfectly and is going to be a gift that shows up time and time again.
JANUARY 6 2011 -- THABA'NCHU, FREESTATE, South Africa.
I caution you again about the crowds. The only way around this is to get there early and be patient. When we were in Carmel last, we arrived just as they opened at 10 AM and left about 1 PM. When we got there, we might have had about 20 other people around. By the time we left, there were easily 200 people mulling about including two full buses of tourists. To learn more about the California Missions, please see this month’s book review. To see more California Mission photos and all of our other photos, please go to www.pamphotography.com.
What a beautiful thing to happen for those less fortunate. The happiness that perfect strangers feel as a result of your giving is truly priceless.
becomes you): and you fall from the sky
“And she’s not come in here to explain to me first?”
This type of beginning tells me that author is not yet strong enough to blend information into the narrative in a way that it doesn’t disrupt the story. The narrative then becomes like riding in a car with someone who relies on hitting the brakes to modulate speed. The story likely will just get flowing…and then the writer will stop to give an information dump.
And bacon.
Bring some water to a boil in a saucepan. Reduce to simmer and add lemon peels to simmering water. Allow to simmer for 45 minutes or when peel is tender to the tooth...offering no resistence when you bite into a sample piece. (yes that's a bit tart - not as bad as I had expected - but still...)
Just because the paper is flat, doesn't mean your layout has to be.
However, in the process of investigating that crime, the police happened upon the corpse of 50-year-old Maynard Samuel Anthony, which was sitting in a pickup truck. According to police, it turned out that Laslo had discovered Anthony's body in the truck earlier that day. Naturally, his first response was to drive the vehicle, with the corpse still inside, to a bank in Allentown. There, he tried to use Anthony's cash card to withdraw money from an ATM, before then driving to the supermarket – still with the corpse – and attempting to steal the purse.
From his whitewash investigation of My Lai-related complaints as a young Army officer to his key role giving legitimacy to George W. Bush’s presidency and the Iraq War, Powell almost always did what was best for his career, not for his country.
We're no more disconnected.
Email me at michele@onechicmama.com to set up a Find Your Style Inquiry session and learn how my StyleFinder™ System can help you to dress for who you truly are, in all aspects of your life. Michele@onechicmama.com or 919-828-7529.
I LOVE having a blog! Participating in challenges, and viewing artwork on other blogs has made me a better card maker. I'm thrilled to have the opportunity to be on the H2H Design Team, and hope that I'll get a chance to inspire a few others along the way."
Haven't done a DIY for a while, but I made this skirt recently from an awful old dress that I used to have, basically I just cut the top part off and added an elastic waistband. I hardly ever buy skirts because they're just so easy to make! Recycle, re-use and all that.
Okay so I'm not exactly Charlie Sheen, but I have my own loose cannon ways. Like, getting ready for a theatre opening night the other night I found I only had mismatched socks left. What did I do? I wore mismatched socks – and got away with it. Loose Cannon.
However, words cannot express what you heard. So if you try to relate this to someone, you might talk about having been to to go to your mother, and told something about the importance of the mother an the importance of treating her properly. But it sounds a bit weird (oh and timing and sequence is lost too) and a lot is lost in translation.
This is what all those movies are about. Everyone who doesn’t have an intimate relationship with Jesus, is on a lifelong quest to find Him whether they know it or not. My prayer today is that they are open enough to His calling their name so that they hear His voice and seek Him!! Dear God, please let it be so today!!
Get the fuck off my blog.
14th, it’s the Klangforum’s final concert of 2011-12 as well, with some of my favourite Italian modernists (Nono, Sciarrino, Scelsi, Dallapiccola) and which, unfortunately, I can’t make. Emilio Pomàrico conducts. On the 22nd in the same place the Ensemble Resonanz and Peter Rundell perform Mozart, Lachenmann, Manuel Hidalgo and Rolf Wallin. The final of the Berio Saal’s Im Loth series sees pianist Manon-Liu Winter and ensemble deepseafish K perform works by the soloist, Wolfgang Suppan, and Cardew. Having enjoyed the Im Loth series (unblogged, mostly) I may do the unthinkable and skip Cornelius Meister’s Pelleas for this. There’s a fair bit of interest going on the Alte Schmiede this month, as always, but I won’t bother relisting as
Lizzidroege #13! Lizzi's design this week wow-ed me beyond words ... her creation was absolutely stunning, so layered with so much loveliness and shabby vintage charm! The flowers, the paper doilies, the cute little birdie -- simply beautiful! Thanks from all of us, Lizzi, for sharing your incredible talent in The Shabby Tea Room this week!
TwitterLoading…12/7/09
Beans are another natural mix-in for grains. Think black beans with brown rice (topped by salsa), lentils with quinoa, red beans with millet–or whatever suits your fancy. Generally it’s best to cook the legumes and grains separately, then combine.
1/2 cup roasted chopped peanuts
Finally… he finds it! He points to it triumphantly and says “FROG!”
“Pints for Prostates is an awareness campaign designed to reach men through the universal language of beer. We want to communicate with them in a friendly and non-threatening way about the need for regular PSA testing,” says Rick Lyke, a 47-year-old Charlotte, N.C., marketing executive and drinks journalist who was diagnosed with prostate cancer in February. “Early detection is the key to fighting prostate cancer and a PSA test and a physical exam are the best method to catch it early.”
This isn’t hard! Throw some dirt around, have a few collapsed buildings here and there, put a mean face on everything. Boom. Dystopic future society. Where’s my Academy Award?
out in my heart.
It has been a really good day overall! I’m happy that me and michelle worked some things out that we had needed too, cheers to a marriage with good communication skills!
The former looks relatively straightforward, but does the latter raise problems for some genus terms, perhaps through the reference to “basic” goods/services? I do not think so, not least because of the AG’s acceptance of genus terms such as ‘soaps’ or ‘cutlery’. On top of that I have to say that I cannot right now see how Offices can formulate guidance for examiners or users on whether a particular broad genus term is or is not acceptable. What I would suggest though quite strongly is for applicants and practitioners not generally to desist from preparing lists of goods/services for filing using a structure of “genus term including species; species term”, for example “cosmetics; eye liners” or “articles of clothing; shirts”. Better to keep that option open at least until practices become clearer.
Another quirk that doesn’t quite translate to my writing is that my tone of voice (according to my father) gives off an overconfident and better-than-you vibe.
For those who are into reading detective/mystery type books, I would definitely recommend reading, The Corruptible by Mark Mynheir. The journey throughout the book leaves the reader feeling the need to find out what happens. This is definitely a page turner and I have added it to my favorites list. I have given this book a 5 (five) star rating.
I have three daughters. I have identical twin girls, and then a third one that came 15 months later. I will not lie to you. The first 3-5 years SUCKED. Okay, they didn't suck. They were adorable girls, honest they were. But those years were HARD. Three little ones under the age of 2 was not a picnic. The twins were delayed, and that made it three times as hard. They couldn't talk. The terrible 2's were the terrible "OH MY GOD"s. Momma did not sleep much.
Do you know what he did? He listened. Since he didn't feel attacked he actually listened and he even told me that because I stayed calm and spoke honestly it made him want to hear me.
There are so much I could write about R. HaKohen Kook and still feeling that I didn’t tell enough afterwards. He indeed was a brilliant mind, a great thinker, and a role model, maybe even more today than then. I’m not sure I would be able to do him right though, so I’ll rather let you get an understanding of him by his own word. I hope that this will be my introduction to a series of post, where I will deal a little with his thoughts, and that they will make you more interested in this great thinker.
—e.e. cummings
The blood-crossed Knight, the Holy Warrior, hooded with iron,
And you know…I’m a Malcolm X chick. It’s funny that Thomas Jefferson, Abe Lincoln, all these generals have these beautiful monuments. And history shows, although important to history, they were all racist. And I know times were different, but does that make it right, or does that make it right that we leave that out when discussing them? Cause I’m a Malcolm X chick. I think his monument should be on the national mall. Down the way from MLKs. And let me tell you exactly why…. I don’t want to go into too many specifics of what Malcolm X did for black people… …but in general terms, Malcolm X stood up for black people and said..i am brilliant too. If you hit me, I will hit you back. Why? Because we are equal. We are the same. Instead of peace marches and non-violence, Malcolm (before his death) was ready to go to the United Nations and bring human rights crimes against the United States. To him it was a global problem…even when the world turned its back. Do you realize America was condemning apartheid in South Africa and not doing anything about racism at home? SMH… Malcolm was about to basically sue the U.S. for racism. In international court! How brilliant is that… …but this is not why we should have a statue of him to me. See…MLK, he was “perfect” in the public eye. A saint, an alien of moral character, an angel. And Thomas Jefferson and the generals and Abe and all these men that ran the country but were racists but got marble statues… None of those people changed! MLK was always perfect. Honest Abe’s story will always lie and say he freed the black man. Thomas Jefferson raped slave women. These men did not change. Angel or racist pig…they did not change. Malcolm changed. He went from calling white people devils to saying ‘i was wrong..my brothers are white, black, yellow and red.’ As significant figures go…he was the only one that seems real…that evolved…that changed his view on race. But we don’t honor that… We’d rather throw up a statue of a dude that signed some papers but would never sit next to someone darker than him. That makes sense.
Round Face: Take an angle
SIZE: 4,753 square feet, 3-4 bedrooms, 4.5 bathrooms
We had a garden, you know for veggies and stuffs.
Except I now Have found out I will be working nights on a turnaround for some ungodly undetermined amount of time making about 80+ hours a week. Thank god I am hourly!
On January 7th, I threw a bunch of leftover grain together, with some leftover noble hops, and a healthy starter of BadBenomyces cerevisiae, a Belgian Abbey-style yeast. What came out was a rich amber-colored potpourri of a Belgian ale that had an original gravity of 1.075.
- 1 cup flour
Dandruff – This is another skin issue I’ve had to deal with off and on for many, many years but it’s been at its worst since the hysterectomy, even before really. I’ve had to keep my hair cut short for many years to help control it. And I don’t typically like having short hair for very long. Well, since I’ve kicked the sugar habit, it’s gone! So I am now happily NOT returning to the salon any time soon and I’m finally going to let my hair grow out long again!
Over the last decade or so, England has been called a police state by many, yet it is quite clear that this is far from the case. The serial offenders haven't been getting locked up for any serious amount of time for a while now. It doesn't even matter to them if they do go down, It won't effect their job prospects because they had none to begin with and, and this is crucial, they don't care.
Libyan authorities have cut Internet and some telephone services in response to the protests, making it difficult to independently verify reports of violence. But foreign media organizations have been able to speak to witnesses in the country through satellite phones and other connections.
It’s very peaceful there
There does now seem to be a steady drip, drip of opposition to Government policies coming from the bourgeois media, which undoubtedly reflects the concern shown in section of the state apparatus about the dire consequences that could result from the implementation of Tory policies. The State and the Government are not the same thing, and good Marxist tactics involve recognising such divisions within the ruling class, and using them to our advantage. To the extent that sections of the State attempt to undermine the Tories policies, we should welcome it, and encourage it, whilst giving no ideological ground to them. In other words we should use the opportunity to set different sections of the ruling class against each other, whilst putting forward a clear socialist alternative. For now, cutting spending is not in workers interest because it will crater the economy, and workers will be left to pay the price for that. But, that does not mean that we should be in favour of a big Capitalist State, sitting on the workers chest. We should oppose the cuts, and privatisation, but workers need to argue for greater democracy of Public Services, focusing on building a struggle around that between workers in the State, and workers who receive its services rather than simply on an economistic struggle to save Public Sector workers pay and conditions, which could alienate workers in the private sector. The State is as much an arena of class struggle, in fact to some extent more so, than private enterprises. The State is the embodiment of ALL Capital, and so a struggle against it is a class struggle, whereas disputes within individual firms are merely sectional. But, a struggle "In and Against The State", is just as limited and reformist ultimately as those sectional struggles unless it is a final struggle for a Workers State. Capital will only grant modest forms of democracy within the State, and they will be as sham and constrained as bourgeois democracy itself. Real control, real democracy can only flow from ownership of the means of production. If workers want real control over Education, Health and every other aspect of their lives they have to take ownership of the Schools, the Hospitals and so on. To the extent they do that, then they should demand that their tax payments to the State be reduced so that they can finance these vital services themselves. The Government says it wants to simplify the benefits system to make it worth workers while working rather than being on benefits. Its means of doing that is of course, bureaucratic expensive, and oppressive. There is a simple answer they will not adopt. Introduce a statutory Minimum Wage of £10 an hour, and scrap all taxation on workers earning below that level!
And it really is one law for them and one for us. Just over a month after David Laws made a statement on expenses whilst lining the pockets of his lover, a staffordshire man was arrested for much the same thing.
I might just have to sit and know that He is there, He is moving, He is acting in His time.
If you're a Franklin Avenue resident, consider this activity for Sunday. The Crow Hill Community Association is hosting a Spring Cleaning and Planting Day on Franklin from 10:o0 AM - 12:30 PM. If you're game, bring a bag for trash, a plant (the Grand Army Plaza Farmers' Market has them for sale now, so pick one up on Saturday), and some rubber gloves to the 2-3-4-5 Franklin Avenue stop on Eastern Parkway at 10:30. The party will work its way north to Bergen street over the course of a few hours (no word on whether it will finish with drinks at Siempre Amigos). Many thanks in advance to everyone who participates!
Bacon or ham (cook and crumble)
In the waiting area, there was a 50” flatscreen where you WATCHED the people in the operating room!! As in, their WHOLE eye took up the screen! You watched them peel back the coreal layer, the dr. scrape things off the eyeball, etc. It was crazy. I was surprised I even watched. There were 2 people who went before me.
For mony a beast to dead she shot,
They call him Tucker
Shameless is very funny. This is one of the show's best insights, and perhaps the best example of what it gets right about living in poverty: being poor is fucking hilarious. If you don't believe me, just try being poor. Everything takes on the aspect of gallows humor, and it's easy to laugh at your misfortune because the alternative scarcely bears considering. When you're desperate, everything assumes comic dimensions, every character becomes exaggerated - grossly distorted - and every decision is a Hobsons' choice. Usually when TV does "poor" they get it all wrong, and that's fine, because the reality of being desperate to pay your rent and having to choose between food and gas is too depressing to really want to see reflected back. But Shameless gets it right in some very important, almost uncanny ways. I can't say I grew up as poor as the Gallagher family, but I have been that poor at various points, and I certainly grew up closer to the Gallagher's than the Huxtables . . . but then, most people reading this probably did. (And that's another thing that the show gets right - being poor does make you feel ashamed, it makes you feel terrible about yourself, it eats away at your self-confidence and your mental reserves without ever offering up anything resembling consolation.) Eventually, being poor for long enough forces you to make some very hard decisions, decisions that either end with you completely broken and discarded, or that leave you a monster or a sociopath.
Lovecraft said of this philosophy, “the human race will disappear. Other races will appear and disappear in turn. The sky will become icy and void, pierced by the feeble light of half-dead stars. Which will also disappear. Everything will disappear. And what human beings do is just as free of sense as the free motion of elementary particles. Good, evil, morality, feelings? Pure ‘Victorian fictions’. Only egotism exists.”
I’ve grown to believe that I didn’t realize or have an “Aha!” moment when I apparently stepped across a threshold into happiness. Of course there have been spikes, a few fleeting highs that occurred upon learning that I had earned or attained something for which I’d been yearning; those are to be expected. But a pure consciousness of the moment to recognize that zenith, as Buddha at the moment of enlightenment, I now know that I did not have. The culmination of “happiness” as in living a life of contentment and pleasure where problems ebb and flow and crises are diluted by satisfaction, I believe, is something I see most clearly when I acknowledge where I’ve been and the steps and events that were interruptions along the way.
1/2 cup of butter, melted
3. When challenging the war on drugs, Paul often points out the injustice of blacks and minorities being imprisoned at a higher rate than whites for the same crime. Video: See video above.
Before Friday, the Medicare database was available on CD ROM for a fee of $100. Now, the database can be downloaded for free and provides detailed breakdowns of payments for Medicare services and is sortable by the type of medical service provided.
Today, for terribly down-to-earth economic reasons, it has become impossible to retain any kind of romantic vision of Greece... maybe for decades to come.
Answer in the comments box! All judgements are final as it's my blog, so nuurrr.
As far as my craft stuff goes, I am trying to convince myself the LESS is MORE. I mean each month I get my choice of an Artful Delight card or scrapbook kit to play with plus any other little things I chose to pick up. I don't get much time to craft now and I am not sure how much that will change when we move, I will just exchange school with work and probably be just as busy as I am now. Although I think half the reason I don't craft as much now is I just don't have the space. My craft area is my kitchen/dining room table and stuff is all over the place. In order to craft I would have to spend 30+ minutes just cleaning space, then another 15-30 minutes searching through all my stuff to find what I want to use to craft. Just seems like a lot of work. BUT maybe once we move and I have a dedicated space to craft, all my stuff organized then I won't feel so overwhelmed. I would still like to limit my paper crafting purchases to a min, other than buying "tools"(you can never have enough of those), ya know punches, dies, embossing folders, etc.....I want to keep the actual paper and embellishments to a minimum. Let's see how that goes. LOL!!!
In fact the word that John’s gospel uses for prune is katharei=to cleanse. We still reference the word when speaking of cathartic experiences. Those moments when we, through grief or pain, are cleared out and cleansed. Inquisitors saw themselves as cleansing the church through the pruning of heretics. Painful it might have been, but prudent for the preservation of power.
I do want to be sure to mention this most lovely blog post by Krista of Saturated Canary. She has drawn an adorable cancer support image that she is offering for free to anyone who follows her blog. She also was so kind and gave me a sweet mention. Thank you, Krista! :) hugs to you!!!! please be sure to leave her a note of thanks and tell her I sent you over. she is such a generous and kind soul.
Hope you all have a super week. Tammie
Passed through bromeliads,
Fox is all set to acquire the worldwide rights of Karan Johar’s Shah Rukh Khan-Kajol starrer My Name is Khan for a record Rs 100 crore. That’s more than double the budget of the film.
Not everybody can get in-
Wow I can't believe that it's almost Friday already. The week really flew by. Last weekend I was busy with WonderCon, which was really fun. I may do some kind of a recap or something over the weekend. It was cool though and there was both a cheerleading and volleyball tournament going on at the convention center at the same time. I think they were really confused as to why there were so many people in costume wandering around and all the WonderCon people thought that the athletes were in costume.
fuck'em if they can't take a joke!
Assume Exitus Vomitorius
The conference showcases the best of scholarship within the island of Ireland, and also warmly welcomes international participants who can share wider experience and perspectives
Many of my forbearers on the distaff side would have swelled with tribal pride at the thought of Ireland as the Promised Land, albeit absent the knowledge that American corporations would prostitute her for their tax benefits. Somehow, I doubt that the average citizen of the Ould Sod is benefitting from these tax dodgers anymore than the average citizen of the United States is paying considerably less for the products produced by the tax-avoiding corporations. Senator Coburn, whose ancestors sprang from somewhere in the general vicinity of the Emerald Isle, described himself as “livid” in an interview on Morning Joe, described by Politico:
Book no. 17 on my shelf is this Betty Crocker Cookbook which I brought back from the US. I opened the book with some trepidation hoping that I wouldn't get a recipe with difficult to source ingredients, but fortunately it opened in the chicken section and this recipe for Chicken Marsala.
By YOAV GONEN Education Reporter
2- You can shape the top layer of the dough the way you like, I like the strips but you can cut it as small shapes for kids.
This is already punctuated with occasional chengguan trouble or if the as West reports is true, dozens of unreported riots. If all thats needed is the dismantling of extreme wealth (leaving USD$20 million for any single family or extended family, is still an exceptional amount in China btw) to harmonise so many oppressed and impoverished in China, there will be no harm in going back to basics as in the Cultural Revolution Era (no prisons or beatings, just simple redistributions DIRECT to the worst off – I’m not talking about billionaires giving money to those upper middle class types very comfortable . . . so the outrage among billionaires themselves will not be as bad . . . ), the current state of affairs if as reported is disgraceful and Capitalist to a shameful level.
(Daytime as well as late night shows are included in this category.)
First it's your hands. Then you can't walk quite right.
NRI Rajiv, is like Kabaddi? So this is where Arjun’s cultural attaché-ness comes in handy, he not only shows him how a mean game of kabaddi is played,
(i am almost certain this picture was taken by wade.....)
Total Time: 00:46:27
1. The kind souls. These are the people who do not mean what they say because they are terrified of hurting someone’s feelings. They will compliment a friend on a bad haircut, horrible looking outfit, or painful solo at church. They cannot imagine telling the truth because they would feel horrible if they caused any sort of pain or discomfort to others.
What fascinates me about art is the way the artist speaks to us so clearly. Time is no obstacle. Language is no obstacle. Art transcends both. There is a young artist sketching the statue. What will he leave behind to inspire future generations?
The beautiful Rajasthan is a state with most of the beautiful cities of India. The state is a combination of forts and palaces resembling the history of Rajasthan, famous temples reflecting the Indian sculpture and traditions, the festivals and fairs at Rajasthan give you a chance of tasting the mouth watering food of Rajasthan and buying some beautiful cultural stuff for yourself. Shopping at the markets of Rajasthan, the state also gives you a chance of experiencing adventure and wildlife. Rajasthan Tour is complete entertainment and a remarkable experience of life.
Since receiving the Laselle exerciser, I've tried to use it for about an hour at a time a few days a week. Usually, I use breakfast time for it because I'm able to focus on my posture while I cook and sit to eat.
I watched the events of 9/11 in utter disbelief. I was uncertain if it was over, frightened for what it meant for our country, and alternately proud and embarrassed of the voracious displays of "patriotism" that so many Americans, led by our government, undertook in an effort to put the world on notice that we would not be cowed by terrorists and would fight back at any cost. I hugged my kids a bit closer that night and for many nights afterward, hoping that the world might someday return to one of relative balance and security.
And we entered adulthood, secure in the knowledge that should we look at out husbands naked (and they at us) our children would be born blind. And should we dare speak during intercourse, well, they’d be deaf and dumb.
Trippple Nippples
16 Section 1.
Flattering, I know. What’s funnier is after all that effort I appear to be putting in to blowing out ONE candle on the cake, it remained lit. I was too far away. Or so my husband said. I leaned in and gave it another try. Nevermind that our son nearly blew it out before the family started singing. Good thing there was only one candle and not significantly more.
Then I saw that their licence application to Lambeth Council had gone in. It appears as if the pub name will remain as The Mansion House, and that they are asking for a late licence to 4am. The offer will be real ale with pan-Asian cuisine and a range of entertainment, including dancing, film shows, live and piped music. They intend to have pavement seating as well.
EGGLESS MARBLE BANANA BREAD
But I did do some online shopping which I am really excited about. After checking out Old Navy, Express, New York & Co, H&M and Victoria Secret I finally got to DSW. I found a pair of shoes and a purse that I snatched up. I spent under $40, which makes me really happy. I had a $10 rewards certificate and free shipping plus I signed in through Ebates.com (a site I will be using way more often) and will be able to get cash back from the purchase.
Faye is feeding her lots and lots as she always wants feeding, Faye is a bit shattered by all the feeding but all in all we are coping loads better then with Max.
Share your smile with someone today. You never know…someone could really use it!
If texting is word, and word is power, and power corrupts, where does that leave us?
Advice: Don’t freak out, but just accept it as a symptom of where you are right now. You will release/gain the weight when all your fears have been integrated. Release your anxiety about this. Then you might find it easier to lose/gain the weight eventually. Exercise.
*1 year life span (daily use)
I recount this little anecdote to suggest the way I've been feeling about my usually rabid moviegoing habits since coming back from San Francisco: I haven't felt quite the same drive to see a film theatrically here in New York virtually every day, the way I was doing throughout, say, this past summer. Have I started to burn out on moviegoing in general? I don't think so, but...let me put it this way: I ended up seeing only one film, theatrically or otherwise, all weekend, and for once I was totally okay with that.
Even on St. Paddy’s day, the remarkable Food and Beverage team ran out of the $2.00 cool shamrock green aluminum bottles of Bud Light after the 4th race and made the crowd buy the $3.50 blue can because , , , uh, , , , what? Your correct. The can was blue.
Trader Joe's sells a separate product where they have dipped the Candy Cane Joe-Joes in chocolate. That's great too. It's good chocolate and the right ratio of coating to cookies. But it is an extra that isn't worth getting only 10 cookies in a box. The original Joe-Joes -- or at least the original knock-off of the Oreo -- is all you need.
Okay, we can cut the art world a break. For now.
Roa at the Galerie Itinerrance
I started with the Enigma, an amber ale, nice and light, lightly malted, dry and smooth, very pleasant. Looking at the numerous CAMRA 'we're in' good beer guide I order a Fullers Chiswick something I've only had in bottle form before. Fruity, biscuit malty, nice dry bitter finish.
On the other hand, a lot of the best, most exciting advertising of the last several years also falls into this category - things like Nike+ or iTunes. These things make you feel good about the decision you've already made. It's an easy win.
The event is kindly sponsored by Bliss Beach Club, Phuket News, 89.5, BB&B and the Andaman Wine Club. All proceeds will go to support English language education programs and extra curricular activities in government schools in Phuket.
drove over a branch that lay in her path.
Basically I need to recognise when to ask for help.
How can Social Networking occur among Organizations in dealing with Human Trafficking happen?
I suppose I have quite a visual imagination, though that's probably true of most writers. I always see scenes very clearly in my mind. So clearly, in fact, that I never need to sketch them. Sometimes I make little drawings of things after I've written them, but I'm not a good enough artist to draw those huge scenes properly - if I were, I would never have needed to start writing.
Strawberries (fresh or frozen)
Oh how I often joke and say to my family and friends that yes I do understand that I could NEVER be a father to my amazing boy BUT I do wear a set of pants under my skirt! It is not by choice but like a great deal of other single parents ( productive ones ) who are living their lives and hoping and praying that the way they are raising their sons are working!
True Random Number Generator from Random.org
*This was actually a second application, due to having my first manicure destroyed by doing a 3 mile high pile of dirty dishes, hence the shorter nails!
With that, I was feeling a little jumpy yesterday, but made it 46 miles with no incident. But I went over again today — again with the sidewalks — on my recovery ride. Only a small scrape on my knee, but now I have a matched set! Not to mention the black and blue all the way up my legs and butt. Maybe this week will be better.
What is your default setting when your child asks for something? Are you satisfied with the lesson your child will learn from it?
a leaf with a mind
Sedona Lace Contour & Blush Palette (contour)
4. Combine egg whites and cream of tartar in a large bowl, and let stand at room temperature for 15 minutes. Beat with a mixer at high speed until medium peaks form (do not overbeat). Gently stir one-fourth of egg whites into spinach mixture, and gently fold in the remaining egg whites. Gently spoon mixture into prepared dishes. Sharply tap dishes 2 or 3 times on counter to level.
I hope you enjoy this blog set freebie and please credit Broken Sky Dezines and Dare's Designz.
3-16-2012
We are still enjoying a holiday in the American southwest, soaking up the hot desert sun. In my last post, we were touring through the Joshua Tree National Forest in California, which is the southernmost stretch of the Mojave Desert. A few days later, we were driving the Apache Trail in Arizona. The Apache Trail is an amazing unpaved road, that twists and turns with hairpin curves through the Tonto National Forest, which is in the northern reaches of the Sonoran desert. It has some of the most spectacular desert scenery imaginable. How is this for a knitting spot?
Bottom photo.....Guess who's in the driver's seat now..?... yes Dear....OK..
*Preparing stuffing:
After three relationships, my belief is even made stronger. One doesn’t need to look for love. It comes and it goes and yes maybe it stays for the long haul sometimes. But it comes when it needs to come in your life. At the end of the day, it’s all about the process of discovery, of knowing more about yourself and what your life is meant for.
we are going to have volunteers come next week
DOUBLE TROUBLE
What about a favorite comic from another artist?
For children who have trouble expressing their emotions, or have disabilities like autism that make it difficult for them to understand and express how they feel, this game is such a powerful tool. But don't over look this, even if your child seems to be able to express their feelings well. It is a great way to help your family bond and understand each other, in a fun way. I think it opens the doors of communication so well between families that one day when your child does need to talk to you about something, hopefully the time you spent sharing your feelings and being open with each other will make it easier for them to approach you.
I have a six-step process for breaking news, moving from fast to slow: SMS alert, website blurb, email blast, Twitter, adding details to story (background, quotes, links, photos, videos…), then posting to Facebook and Google Plus. Print would be the seventh step, but since we are Digital First, it’s a given that it will end up at the bottom of the list. It isn’t really “breaking” by the time the product is put together, which is why it’s not really mentioned on my list.
“The man turns out to be an Internet pornographer with ties to Rhode Island’s power elite. And his death turns out to be from a gunshot in his neck. Mulligan has to convince “Thanks-Dad,” the son of the paper’s publisher, to let him investigate.
With action, adventure, magic, and tantalizing sensuality, this book is as fast-paced and breathtaking as the Nightshade novels.
Consider giving TIME a little more of your TIME, even when you do not think you have TIME for this exercise. When we take TIME and make TIME, we will surprise ourselves at what TIME really means in our lives. TIME can make the difference and TIME can be the difference. TIME can be wasted or TIME can be used as a resource. TIME adds to our lives, TIME subtracts from our lives,TIME divides in our lives, and TIME multiplies in our lives, this the beauty of TIME.
In fact, this is not the first time a movement based on fundamentally anarchist principles – direct action, direct democracy, a rejection of existing political institutions and attempt to create alternative ones – has cropped up in the US. The civil rights movement (at least its more radical branches), the anti-nuclear movement, and the global justice movement all took similar directions. Never, however, has one grown so startlingly quickly. But in part, this is because this time around, the organisers went straight for the central contradiction. They directly challenged the pretenses of the ruling elite that they are presiding over a democracy.
3…
-A fuzzy purple stuffed animal making sproinging noises
Hello, Noel Mignon lovers! I have another page to share with you today using the Primrose Lane Kit. This kit is so beautiful for Spring and inspired me to pull out some snapshots of my daughter and her friend from last year.
There is an environmental and entertainment crisis looming for the entire world in our near and immediate future. A crisis that has gone largely unnoticed in wider circles and is virtually unknown outside of the UK. A crisis against which climate change and ice-cap melting seems like nothing.
Their debut album "Reistu þig við, sólin er komin á loft" was released in October 2007 (inclused in the Press Package of Iceland Airwaves '07 Festival)
I am in no way ready for all these financial commitments to get the help I need.
6. Don’t be afraid of fat
Yes, he was serious.
I invite you to visit Paul Corrie’s website at:
This is our decree. Heed our word.
The past couple years have been really building towards this season. There has been an influx of talent coming into the school, mix this with great coaching (lets not forget the great Coach Pearson) and the results are starting to show. I have been fortunate enough to get to know some of the kids who have been through the program in the past couple years. The most talented of all is recent graduate Juan Blanco (see my blog on Juan for more, Juan below at Region 1 last year in XC).
Nothing good can come from making the people involved with the game bigger than the game itself. Nobody stays in one place forever, and nothing lasts forever. People move on, retire, get traded, and nothing makes the job harder for the person following the legend than having to deal with unreasonable and irrational fans expecting constant perfection because of the constant shadow cast by the guy that came before them.
But what I guess by likelihood, that dare I to indite. He has no such problem when it comes to describing Friar Lawrence, the mentor to whom Romeo turns for help, as the boy has more than enough experience with his own mentors, the tutors with whom he lived and studied as a child, taking the name of one, Lawrence, and the qualities and credentials of the other.
True Colors: The Book
I give the offending child an exasperated sigh and say, “Didn’t I tell you, before we left, that I didn’t want you taking stuff from the bottom of the pile???”
- Many Canadian cities broke all-time March temperature records: Ottawa (27.4 degrees C), Montreal (25.8 degrees C), Windsor (27.8 degrees C), Hamilton (25.6 degrees C), and the list goes on…
To read more about my layout, see close-ups, and to get challenge details, visit this post. And if you haven't seen the latest Scrapbook Circle kit, you must! It's filled with new Heidi Swapp and Amy Tangerine and I'm in love :).
The fathers: they heal now, they heal
They were simpler days.
I had a face book friend who used to spend his days and nights playing his guitar. Last night his face book wall said "I can't believe I gave up playing guitar for years". How many of us give up those things we love the most because, well we're grown up now and we must be responsible. No we don't have to quit our day jobs but we have to incorporate our passions into our lives. Those who have a drawing in their heart must draw and those who have a book in their heart must write. It is how we become satisfied. It is our own personal song that we have to sing to be happy in this life. Find your song and start to play it. It's not about being good. It's not about doing it so others can admire it. It is to get the joy in the doing!
They are fascinating, but the closest I got to these specimens was admiring them through a lens!
All you do is carefully put an egg into a cup and cover it with white vinegar. After 24 hours, replace the vinegar with fresh vinegar, then leave it for a few more days (about a week). and be amazed! You have to handle your egg very carefully...I know I already mentioned that, but it is important!
Share them with everyone or no one!
I Am Creator
Allison: “And you don’t know what my debating skills are like.”
by a man who will never let go of anything
In full
OFFICE OF THE PRIME MINISTER TREASURY AND MINISTER FOR CIVIL SERVICE,
A couple of weeks ago, Niemann Foods, the corporate office of my favorite grocery store, County Market, put an offer on Facebook: "Sign up for a drawing for $1000 worth of groceries!" Pfft! I'll bite. I signed up, and sent Clint and Diane a note about the opporunity.
Children are dying from causes we know how to prevent or treat. That’s why lots more doctors, nurses, midwives and community health workers are needed in the poorest countries. We can stop millions of children dying. The No Child Born to Die campaign has helped secure a massive increase in funding for life-saving vaccines. Now we must take the next step to ensure children don’t die simply because they are too poor to see a doctor or nurse. Half of the 8 million children who die each year are in Africa, yet Africa has only 3% of the world’s doctors, nurses and midwives.
Why I’m here
-extra bread crumbs and a little extra butter
C) Let’s Get Physical
Duration: 1 (1/rnd)
Another major source of dispute is the belief that Bingham didn’t give enough credit to the many Peruvians who helped him to reach the site of Machu Picchu. Right at the top-level the Peruvian president at the time, Augusto Leguia, grant Bingham’s party military escorts along with letters of introduction. He was also allowed free passage on trains and free use of telegraphs. He was given much help and information in his quest by various local officials and academics. In January 1911 the newly appointed American-born rector of the University of Cuzco, Alberto Giesecke, went on a fact-finding expedition in the Urubamba valley along with a local landowner, Braulio Polo y la Borda. They made their way through the valley until they came to a small hut at Mandor Pampa. They asked the farmer who lived there if there were any notable ruins in the vicinity and he replied that there were numerous stone ruins on top of a nearby ridge. As it was the wet season Giesecke and Polo y la Borda decided that it wouldn’t be possible to follow-up the lead at that time and hoped to return later in the year during the dry season. When Bingham visited Cuzco in July 1911 they visited the University and during a conversation with Giesecke he was told about the ruins close to Mandor Pampa and that he should speak to the farmer who lived there, Melchor Arteaga.
We have purchased a few new things and I dont know where they got planted or remember what they are so we will see. We planted some Mexican Shellflower bulbs. I have never heard of them but they are very colorful. So I cant wait to see what they do!
Best Repeat Performance (Your favorite sequel or follow-up.): Where She Went by Gayle Forman, Sisterhood Everlasting by Ann Brashares, and Lola and the Boy Next Door by Stephanie Perkins
1/2 tsp garam masala powder
Awaken by Katie Kacvinsky
i want people to be confused and angry at me
Anyway, I hope you find love and that you have a wonderful Valentine's Day.
Vinay: I applied for a Leadership Scholarship, which I was awarded on merit for the social service I have done here. Additional scholarship was granted as part of the UC Berkley work-study programme.
My new glasses have arrived. My first progressives -- yeah yeah yeah, I know it takes some time to get used to them. Btu I'n huving a ibt of a difiucullt tyme seying throussh thenm. I think they look pretty good but you'll have to be the judge of that. It is my first online glasses ordering. I used a company called Lookmatic. Great customer service. More than happy to do whatever it takes to make it right. I'd recommend them. The top half for distance is great....especially at night....much more crisp and clear. But the bottom reading half is a mess....I'm not sure if it's a matter of me getting used to them or not. But my older straight reading specs were much better.
Who would you want to meet?
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F. In a large bowl, whisk together the eggs, brown sugar, oil, honey, and vanilla. Don’t worry about clumps of the brown sugar, those will dissolve as it sits while you prepare the remaining ingredients. Then fold in the carrot, zucchini, and walnuts
Once again we have great technique as a vehicle for a vicious attack on our culture and history. Brenton juxtaposes scenes from 54BC when Julius Ceasar raided Britain as a prelude to the later Imperial conquest; then scenes from when the Romans left leaving the British-Romano aristocracies way of life crumbling before the invading Saxons. He then uses scenes from Ulster in 1980, where a British secret serviceman is caught and executed by members of the IRA.
‘I don’t see him anywhere.’
I waved to a relay teammate who was volunteering and picked up the pace a little bit. At the water station I got splashed with water (good!) and took in just enough to wet the inside of my mouth. I distracted myself looking for other OPRC runners since we could see the racers who were already headed back on the "back" portion of the out-and-back course. I finished mile two in 8:25.
The second film was a very powerful prison story. Not exactly easy viewing, but beautiful and intense, definitely my kind of film.
c. Do another final draft after the editor hands it to you: This will save you the headache of going back and revising it. However, if people complain about (insert typo) or you feel the novel could use a little nip and tuck post-publication, there’s nothing wrong with going back to the drawing board and improving it.
The most well known of these guidelines are the CONTU Guidelines on Photocopying Under Interlibrary Loan Arrangements, adopted in 1978, and the Agreement on Guidelines for Classroom Copying in Not-for-profit Educational Institutions with Respect to Books and Periodicals (often referred to as the "Classroom Guidelines"), adopted in 1976. More recently, attempts were made to reach similar agreements for educational multimedia, electronic reserve, and distance learning. For the most part, agreement could not be reached as copyright owners believed the proposed guidelines to be overly permissive, and library and educational representatives found the proposals to be too restrictive.
Although I wasn't too happy with the decor, the most important thing is that everybody loved the cake!! It was indeed a very light cake, far from fulfilling. We are all Asians afterall, so we have the same taste in cake, not too sweet, light as feather, and refreshing :D
mr matrix and super nana are getting hitched on october 29th!
Sets and Costumes: Stunningly beautiful Italian setting (Guy Green was a highly accomplished cinematographer), Christian Dior dresses for Olivia de Havilland.
Gift Certificates to spend on Running Chics fitness apparel.
in 9 different, gorgeous shades. Their baked blushes are currently on sale on Cherry Culture for $6.99 each. Here is the link if you are interested in picking up a few shades.
So this year I've decided to do some things different this year. I'm starting with 4 main goals at most. Plus I'll break them down into smaller "weekly" goals. I'll be more specific, instead of the always elusive "I want to lose weight," I'm stating, "I want to lose 25 lbs." Finally, the number one thing experts always say to help accomplish your goal is WRITE IT DOWN! After all, a goal is only a wish if it's not written down. Because I always want a cute reminder, too, I made this printable that you're welcome to use, too. Build a Better YOU in 2012!
And here is some of the literature references showing their ill effects on our bodies and those of CRITICALLY ILL patients. This article tells of 2 patients who DIED when their bodies went into metabolic lactic acidosis and the patients died, after being given Blue No1 in their enteral nutrition formulations (aka tube feeding).
– Mark Victor Hansen
If you’re a doctor never say, “I got your test results. I need you to schedule an appointment to discuss them.” Because what we here is, “You’re dying.”
This is an especially prominent feature of the political economy of Japan, in which operates the so-called “Iron Triangle” of big business, government bureaucracy, and the Liberal Democratic Party. Japan is not included on Wilensky’s list of most corporatist rich democracies because it has no strong labor interest group.
Oh yeah, they have it great. Just because they can’t leave the house without a male “chaperon,” can’t drive, can’t work, can’t leave the country, can’t be in the same room with unrelated men and on and on doesn’t mean they have it bad.
Leap Year (Rowe)
Lemon
A black tenant filed a discrimination complaint with the commission after Hein accused his teenage daughter of using chemicals in her hair that made the water “cloudy.” Days later, she posted the sign on the gate to the pool.
Jesus forgives us and gives life again yes he does
The retrieval itself wasn’t horrible, one of the nurses in the room was monitoring my blood pressure and comfort level so anytime I was flinching or saying ow she would give a bit more medicine to take the edge off. It was so cool to watch on the ultrasound as each follicle was drained, and surprisingly enough, it was also really emotional. I started crying and the nurse thought I was in a lot of pain, which I wasn’t. It was just such a relief that I had done my part. All of my injections are over, I did everything they told me to, and now these little eggs are in their hands.
- Adi Granth, ki Var Mahala I
4) Hypertrophic cardiomyopathy – problems related to the heart valves
oral arguments ha ha ha
