The interviewee has an equal role – not to be downplayed – in the interview. Underestimating the power they have on you as the interviewer – is both ignorant and fatal. Be aware of savvy minded folk, who will hijack your motive faster than a white gholfie in the Johannesburg CBD.
Anyway, I wanted to show you a few photos of the process of creating my backdrops. Suite Spot (The store that hosted) already had big set backdrops made for another event they hosted, but they were covered in a concrete like faux finish, that was going to be impossible to paint over. So, instead, I bought pieces of thin particleboard (I'm really not sure exactly what it's called) at Lowe's, and had them cut into 2'x8' pieces. I had to have each "wall" add up to 12'by 8' ,but I had to have my pieces cut into 2' divides due to the fact that they wouldn't fit into my Jeep otherwise! Kind of crazy, but it worked. After I painted them at my studio, I nailed them to the previously-made backdrops at Suite Spot.
all links below should satisfy MOST questions: save the pdf’s before they’re gone for good from the net!
I was chillin’ with my little brother Robin today and out of the blue we decided to watch the movie The Avengers and I can see crystal clear why its topping the Box Office! To anyone who is interested in these type of movies I suggest you all go and watch it A$AP!
The race was generally uneventful which is uncommon for these type of tracks. It got interesting of course once they were in the magic hour of the race when it was time to show the rest of the field what you have. No one seemed to be able to touch Kenseth, he definitely had the car to beat. It was his race to lose – and he did. On the last restart, he and teammate Greg Biffle got too wide of a lead and didn’t even stay hooked up with each other and got freight trained by Keselowski and pusher, Kyle Busch.
5. It’s not having a tender conscience. Being religious is more important than loving God.
The price of crude oil is a perpetual issue in the world, for as long people can drill and pump oil from the ground, this commodity would shape up the world society in so many ways. Oil is so essential that some are willing to wage war for this precious commodity, to make sure that their supply of oil would not run out, and who can blame them? The world’s economy depends on oil, every country needs oil for their own industries, that’s why you’re lucky if your country happens to be an oil exporter. It’s no different here in the Philippines. With the price of oil going nowhere but up, panic and despair reigns in society. Transport groups are holding strikes and rallies in the streets, with other militant groups throwing in their support for the cause. These rallies are held to call the attention of the government, to make the government hear their pleas. Their aim is simple; they want the price of oil to go down and they want the government to intervene in behalf of them for they believe that the petrol corporations are at fault. It’s always the fault of the private sector, if anything goes wrong in the economy it’s because of corporate greed and this is the precise reason why there is a need to regulate them, well according to these militant groups. While I do agree that some people are just inherently greedy, government control is not the answer to that, I believe that a greedy and corrupt government is much much more dangerous than a greedy and corrupt corporation. And it’s quite amusing for these groups to ask the government to intervene in behalf of them, when some of them are also protesting about the lack of freedom in the country, about the lack of democracy in the country. Are they really unaware that the very thing that they are asking for the government also undermines individual freedom and democracy? Irony much?
If I were a Tory donor, my main concern would be not getting value for money from such a bunch of amateurs.
8. Since You’ve Been Gone (Sweet Sweet Baby)
The aroma of the wine is that of plums, unless my sniffer is totally out of whack.
I believe we have become too obsessed with the 'technicality' of the manipulation rather than with the content of the pictures.
Don’t even think about.
Guards
The organization has to be all glued in to the same intent, and have buy-ins and believe they are part of the leadership, and have input and have a say. That’s the way we have to change the culture in that kind of environment.
How Old Are Your Children?
They run the same deals in-store that they do online, I bought these three for £12...
Of course. But just for the sake argument, let’s assume Freeman is right — that America is a racist cesspool. What role does his industry play in shaping that? 60 years of films such as Stanley Kramer’s The Defiant Ones and Guess Who’s Coming Dinner. 20 years of Freeman himself alternating playing either God or the President. All for naught. If Freeman is right, then Hollywood has failed in the role that his fellow progressives set out for it. And he has failed in his choices of film roles.
But he let him write no further;
Besides cooking, one of my other favorite hobbies is reading. In the past few years, I have only been reading about two to three books per year. That's much less than I like to read! One of my goals is to read more in 2011. There are several new books that I want to read, which I will post later. I don't know that I will have time to read as much as I used to, but I want to devote more time to reading than I did in 2010.
It was as I was reading over the history of the 40k universe that I first read of the Horus Heresy.
I’d like to add to Mr. McKinley’s post that my ideal flight was boarding the TWA 747 that had a winding staircase to the lounge upstairs with comfortable soft and wide chairs and private window seats. I remember reading a book up there and feeling like hot, um, bananas! That same trip, before landing, they served a snack before landing; it was the biggest, hero sandwich, I had ever seen, filled with possibly every kind of meat and cheese that existed. The enormity still bogs my mind. There were drinks or soda, snacks. How could flying NOT be part of the vacation, it was the greatest in relaxation; no one could reach you and why would anyone want to stay in touch on vacation? If you had told people back then that it would be a posdibilityin the future,they would have called security at the very least.
It was extremely beautiful, and very cold; around -10degC on average. As the air was dry, I didn't have any problems with my Canon 5D2 fogging up, and it behaved perfectly. I did manage to get a few good shots under grey skies, but my fingertips just about broke off with the cold, as I would have to remove my gloves to adjust the camera settings.
For when they've done, we clap, we cheer, we roar:
Seriously. Man, I hate crowds. My wife can attest to the fact that I get mini-panic attacks when the crowd at Wal-Mart of Target or wherever we happen to be is too thick.
"Holland?!?" you say. "What do you mean Holland?? I signed up for Italy! I'm supposed to be in Italy. All my life I've dreamed of going to Italy."
02 Fire (4:00)
4) On Tuesday, April 3, The Beehive presents a tribute to the innovative jazz genius Miles Davis with cuisine, libations and live entertainment. Join The Beehive for this celebration of an American icon as some of the most powerful and seasoned musicians in Boston honor the late-great Miles Davis with everything from bebop tunes to cool blues.
Darksiders II is slated for release in 2012. Be on the look out.
After Barack Obama was elected president, his campaign warchest still had a ton of money left in it, and a lot of excitement to go with it. Therefore, the people that were involved in the campaign started a political action committee called "Organizing for America". That PAC has since become (with the upcoming election) "Obama for America". I have no problem with this, as they wanted to continue to campaign for Obama's policies, and they knew they were going to have a tough election fight in 2012.
I also have what, I hope, is a really fun vlog. This week I decided to try to play a game with you guys through my vlog. If you were a child of the 80′s (or had a child in the 80′s), then you should appreciate the throw back to a time when cartoons were awesome. Be warned, though, in this video I do not hold my natural dorkiness back. This is me in all my dork glory.
1 1/2 C sugar
Lillian “Lilly” Musgrave or Mary Ann Stoker (1861-1935), husband of Milo Riley Sharp, I have written of them previously.
Harry Potter times a million.
GARROSH: Uh oh.
I gave my brother-in-law a blast for being so unethical and that I’d done him a favour by certifying the car, had charged him nothing for the inspection and only $10 for the actual cost of the safety certficate. He assured me he’d look after everything. The car got fixed and left our shop. This was a real turning point for me as I realized my brother-in-law was a huge liability for me and my business and is more or less what prompted me to terminate him.
For starters, perhaps stand is the wrong word. It is important to realize that the Tower is a vertical grid of spatial relationships, a physical rhythm of structure in space. Once we establish that, we see that the proportion of gap to girder forms a mathematical ratio that can be applied anywhere – at the very least, it can be perceived anywhere.
So, I'm pretty sure that anyone who has ever taught at any level or, you know, been a student EVER, knows the answer to this. Nothing gets done until the last possible minute. Unless you're that really irritating overachiever with no friends who does nothing but work, it doesn't start until the last possible minute. Add to that the fact that this was really just nothing but a dick-measuring contest with a bunch of little boys who needed someone's mommy (AKA, the court system) to keep them from teabagging each other, and it lasted a while. Oh, and the business side. It was something like 250 Million they would lose per weekend. So of course it would get done. Wouldn't you get your shit done if you were going to lose 5% of your salary per week?
I first spotted this at Foreign/er Joy... since January 8, this video's grabbed around 800 000 Youtube hits, spawned a huge number of angry, defensive, or simply butthurt responses from Kpop fans, and given us a little more grist for the discussion of whether Kpop would ever make it, "big time" (whatever that means) in America.
I want to be fucked by three guys at one time. I want to have a cock working its way in and out of every hole at the same time.
This picture was posted to Flickr the same day I took the picture, and NABBED for a group called MyGardenSchool.
"It's not nothing to me," I say. I, who paid for my own college through scholarships, loans, and working 60 hours a week in the summer and 20 hours a week during the school year because my parents did not have the money. I, who took my lunch to work most of my career because spending $5 or $7 or $10 to go out was wasteful when I could spend $1 to make my own.
It’s been a strange day, with a great dust cloud hanging over Bamako since Sunday afternoon. The sky is khaki-colored, and the city has been suffused in an unnatural yellowish light. Flights into Bamako International Airport had to be cancelled due to poor visibility (about 100 meters, according to the state meteorological service).
Garnish with cilantro/coriander, sliced avocado and hot sauce….season to taste.
Example. The one that covers the size of oil storage containers comes straight from the Control of Pollution (Oil Storage Regulations) 2001.
Classic soul food…
The color of my face changed again,
Want to be an artist? God bless you. So do I. I wish us both the best.
So the devil loves Gospel distortions- leading people to begin to believe that Jesus is NOT enough! We have to do “extra things”. Unwittingly, people try to grab Glory that belongs only to God by living life as if they are somehow earning the Salvation that was a free and undeserved gift!
Odin immediately sired a son with the goddess Rindr (presumably, Frigg was too distraught with grief over Baldr's death to put out...Frigg spent the rest of her life weeping over the loss of Baldr) who sprang from Mama's loins and grew into adulthood. Vali was his name, and his sole purpose in life was to kill Hodr for murdering Baldr, accident or not.
Positives: Because shy people spend more time alone than most, they are often introspective and have a knack for thinking things through. Their passion and focus turns from people to ideas, projects, or other hobbies, increasing the likelihood of them becoming expert in a certain area or field. There are varying degrees of shyness; many shy people are only awkward around new people. This makes them highly loyal to their comfortable inner circle. Easily misunderstood, the shy character is more likely to surprise others with their intelligence, wit, wisdom, and other positive characteristics.
Jam Bands:
not possible. But you do as much as you can within those
Here is an update from her husband.
It may sound like common sense, but some job seekers feel the need to be overly honest when interacting with potential employers. There’s always the chance that one opportunity might fall through, so don’t jeopardize one position because you think you might get another.
It took all of five minutes and a change in direction to bring back that stupid lameness.
-Anything to make you smile. An ever-living ghost of what once was.
19And I saw the beast, and the kings of the earth, and their armies, gathered together to make war against him that sat on the horse, and against his army.
“For he hath made him to be sin for us, who knew no sin; that we might be made the righteousness of God in him.”
The new design is by Heatherwick Studio, the same architects studio which designed the famous UK Pavilion at the 2010 Shanghai EXPO. This new design represents the first time that London has commissioned a new bus in more than 50 years. Even in the new design though, the inspiration is always from the 1950s iconic and pioneering Routemaster, the original model for the famous London buses. One interesting characteristic is that while the new design is absolutely futuristic, it also gets great inspiration from the traditional model and keeps the exposed deck that lets riders hop on and off quickly, the famous “hop-on hop-off” feature! The new design is fuel-efficient and is especially designed for speeding up passenger boarding by having three doors and two staircases.
We lived in a semi-rural area and during my grade school years I rode my bike everywhere, including to school. The daily ride of six miles wasn’t considered excessive, so rain or shine, I biked to school. I also biked to music lessons, to sport’s activities and occasionally to a friend's house.
Evening everyone!!!!!
So now I'm trying the avoidance technic, if I don't bake it...I won't eat it. Another problem, and it has to do with me and things that are on sale. So long story short, stupid Costco has Quality Street chocolates on sale.
Nordstrom says "we" (her staff, I assume) feel as strongly as the person who wrote the letter. Suggesting that Indians are not people is not ok with Nordstrom. But! There are many passages in it that equate Indians with animals. Wilder's Indians yip and yap and howl at each other. What about all those passages?
I sat up straighter and looked pointedly at the other half of the biscuit, which was still in his hand.
Reveal content
Adios…Ciao
Note from L: I just wanted to say- us ladies love a great make out session. We really, really do. It primes our engines for the main event. Its close, it connects us...and really, is just really great to have a hot make out session with our man. So really, this is one you probably shouldn't skip too often!
Hot wax dripping over your fingers from your tiny vigil candle and the sweet smell of the burning wick…
This morning Rella was running late. She put her bread on the simmering plate and forgot about it and left the house. Several hours later I thought I could smell cooking. In the kitchen the smell was slightly stronger, but less pleasant. Then I found the toast.
Edit...
MSNBC host Lawrence O’Donnell claims he frightened away George Zimmerman’s lawyer, Craig Sonner, because he planned to ask him tough questions.
“Li Tao’s captains assembled in a half-circle before him outside the mansion. The canyon opened wide behind them. He had summoned them from their posts to give their reports in person. He needed to look each man in the eye. Now more than ever before, loyalty was critical.
Resurrection
Plato
Far worse than the inevitable disappointment of a companionship gone awry
Austin is also a playwright (Uncle Bob, Orson's Shadow), and he currently teaches acting at HB Studio in New York. And in 1979, he began an artistic relationship with Chicago's Steppenwolf Theatre Company when he directed Ralph Pape's Say Goodnight, Gracie, starring Joan Allen and John Malkovich. He has since become an ensemble member of Steppenwolf, where he is now directing Lisa D'Amour's new play, Detroit, featuring Kevin Anderson and Laurie Metcalf. I am so honored to have Austin Pendleton here on the Dish to discuss his fascinating career and answer a few pop culture questions.
but off to a great start!
“You don't have to know anything about a subject as long as you use common sense and imagination, plus enthusiasm! I use all periods of design in my work, for, after all, decorative styles are simply indications of a manner of living.”
ELF Eyelish and brow wand: I use this A LOT to blend in my real lashes to my false ones as well as softening the colour I use to fill in my brows. Can't beat the price either.
VI. Reverse Engineering
Recipe for this project:
I know because a while ago I actually got it. I hadn't had it in around 15 years. So I know it hurts, but we don't walk around calling it Conjunctivitis like we really should. Come to think of it, I guess the Medical Community really didn't call it 'Pink-Eye'.
We all know what it's like taking young grandchildren on holiday.
We are still working on the talking but I believe that its coming. Its just going to take a little time. He'll be evaluated soon by Early Intervention and I think they'll recommend speech therapy. I don't know that he necessarily needs it...I think he'll get it eventually but, technically he's behind so I'm happy to have a little help with it. I can't even begin to tell y'all what a blessing Early Intervention has been. Free therapy that comes to your house. And the two therapists we've had are good people who generally care about helping Gaines. I mean, he's so cute that it would be hard not to want to help him but they really seem to care about his success.
Fringed with tears
Vocabulary Words (Russian):
You, sa’s'parilla and I sa’s'parella;
Miscellaneous: Tim Holtz Distress Ink stamp pad Vintage Photo; Jewels Glitter Ritz Light Gold glitter; Recollections pearls and star brad
Freezing of food and exposing foods or supplements to light may destroy some of the vitamin content. Dark-green leafy vegetables are an excellent source of folic acid. To make the most of the B vitamins contained in foods, they should not be overcooked. It is best to steam vegetables, rather than boil or simmer them.
Think of the things that most commonly cause friction between teens and their parents: breaking curfew, bad marks in school, skipping school, using drugs, subscribing to different religious and political views than their parents, disobeying parents...
And we cry in anger when we cannot feel You near
1) use dialogue to reveal character. Instead of saying your character is angry or selfish, show it by what they say and how they say it.
We finally come upon Kurtz’ camp at the very end of the film, Willard and his remaining crew worn down to something more primal by their journey. One of their members squats on the edge of a boat, leaf on his head, looking more savage than the natives. Willard seems reduced to a base state, brought through his insanity to something more curious and thoughtful. When he meets with Kurtz’ men, they already know why he’s here, but all Willard claims to want is to talk to Kurtz.
Another me lives another life,
Published: 4th February 2010
inside of me where no one else could see........
Pretty pretty please, if you ever ever feel like you're nothing
Kenny West (REP) 1.34% 125
'ALWAYS ask, Is that your best price' said my mate WorldyWise soon after I arrived. And I've got rebates on hotel rooms, bike repairs, hay for the guineapigs and market wares.
﻿﻿﻿﻿﻿﻿﻿﻿﻿﻿I do hope you have had lots and lots of inspiration form that lovely lot, my dt has worked super hard to show you some fab work for our first challenge, a couple girls still cannot join us due to ill health and internet issues but im sure they wish you all well.
On top of that, the wind was just roaring here yesterday! Br-r-r-r-r. I even had to turn the heat back on (the wind just whips through my walls), and bring all my plants back inside. Instead of March coming in like a lion and going out like a lamb, it's been the opposite around here.
I love Oz. The “Wild at Heart” episode from season four makes me cry like a baby. Every. Single. Time.
So let us take this day to celebrate and affirm the mothers both within and beyond our bodily walls, without whom we would not be what we are today (whatever that happens to be).
The Fine Arts of Truth or Dare
Garland Jeffreys Matador US
Today....I "think" I know what church I will visit first.
Pregnancy is all about planning: doctor appointments, due dates, vitamin regiment, breathing classes, and then there is the clothing and the furniture and room to set up and plan. We plan for nine long months, and enjoy it. Then the baby is born, the planning ends, and the chaos begins… at least for many new parents. Why do we stop the planning at that time? What makes us think we now can just 'wing it"? Possibly because we go back to our life and just assimilate the baby into that? Maybe we should take a look at what a little more planning can do for us.
Here are three suggestions for what Rose and Google can do to make Google+ more engaging.
As it turns out, the shows were a great success, the music was completely over the top and the crowd basically freaked out. Everyone in the band wanted to do more so we decided on a 3 week American tour starting in October that same year. It turned out to be the most rewarding experience of our musical career. I don’t think we played a bad show the whole tour—the 8 piece band sounded like a 747 landing on your house.
The bible says in John 12:25, “Anyone who holds on to life just as it is destroys that life, but if you let it go….you’ll have it forever, real and eternal.” Everything in life has its reason – to glorify its Creator. When anything in creation fulfils its purpose, it brings glory to God.
HOSTED BY TYLER STONE, BLESS FANTASTIC, AND JUSTIN JAMES
Fill the bowl half way with water. Create a grid on the top of the serving bowl with the double stick tape. Place the flowers in the bowl, using the grid to hold them in place. Begin by using the largest blooms and branches to create the shape of the arrangement, then fill in with smaller flowers.
For now, as a retrospective for those of you who are sort of new around these parts, here are a few posts you might want to take a look at, to give yourself an overview of what goes on in my world when I'm actually writing about it instead of just grumbling or laughing at it. Sometimes it's both.
And the traditionally gloomy conservative view of the powers of government -- summed up so succinctly by Edmund Burke (1907) over two centuries ago as: "It is in the power of government to prevent much evil; it can do very little positive good" -- fits in well with the neo-liberal view that market forces are usually far superior to government activism in producing generally beneficial outcomes.
And I am in the driveway of my father's house. It is cold and raining hard. I've arrived at a gathering that is preceding my father's memorial service. There are other cars there. None of them belong to my family. They are friends and family of my stepmother's. I have never felt so alone. I am shivering as I stare at the door I have to walk toward and enter. We will all ride to the funeral home together, but I will still be alone. David Bowie's "Slip Away" is playing on my car stereo. The windows have begun to fog up. I am hollowed out by grief. My heart feels covered in lead. I am bent forward, head against the steering wheel, sobbing. I cannot do this. I cannot leave this car and go into that house and to that funeral home and say goodbye. I am thirty-three.
Todd and his friend Dan arrived at our home in February 1988. They joined our other houseguests, Linda and her two children, Emily, five, and Jenny, eighteen months. They were staying with our family (my husband Monte, daughter Sandy, son Nolan and myself) for three month.
He just smiled and gave me confidence. He said; “Go ahead and try.”
A couple topics go hand-in-hand with the topic of CIO and STTN. One is Bed Sharing and the other is the idea of "spoiling" or "habit forming". I have more resources on these topics if you don't find the information you need above.
I’m going to be posting a few back entries from my only previous visit to Japan, but this is where the present timeline begins, for all you timetravellers.
3. Write “the quick fox jumps over the lazy dog”. THE QUICK FOX JUMPS OVER THE LAZY DOG.
Perhaps because Ebert is trying to protect other people’s privacy, aside from his family he hasn’t written very much about ordinary people in his adult life but a lot about the famous ones, which gives a bit of an impression that Ebert is a name-dropper (even though I don’t think he is). For example, although the information about his adult ordinary life is limited (though he writes a lot more about his life since his illness), the book contains complete chapters about famous people he interviewed only once or twice. You can’t help having the impression, time after time, that Ebert has really gotten a kick out of hanging out with famous people.
This is a quick one sweet friends! I just uploaded May Math and Literacy to our TPT! I think it was just in the nick of time, too!!
The car sped through the heart of the sleeping city. It was scarcely half-past five in the morning and the sun was not yet fully up.
Skálmöld is an Icelandic metal band formed in August 2009. The six members had been formerly active in other bands, not all metal. Their music can be described as a powerful, melodic and epic Viking Metal, along with various folk influences. The lyrics follow the strict rules of traditional Icelandic poetry.
The point I’m trying to make is that loyalty is based on principles and not feelings and emotions. Some people just follow family lines. If it is your brother or sister it may seem right, even if it is glaringly wrong. Jonathan was not like that.
Summer beckons, with its eternal promise of freedom.
I don’t believe in thousand and one thing, but the ones I do believe in, I take seriously. With previous said, I think most of us agree that we do get offended if someone tries to change our point of view. Parable in the Bible about faith is I think best described in Luke 6:48-49 and it talks about choosing good foundation for your beliefs, to your house. In Universities, when they begin new course, they always have the sort of introduction lesson, where they explain what this course is about and with what disciplines it can be used with. It’s one the most important lessons you’ll ever have, because it gives you ideas how you can actually use your material and that’s important – being able to adapt and mix. There is nothing more boring than talking with someone, who is at home with their own subject, but know nothing outside of it. It’s like wanting to cross a muddy lane and though the house is across the street, you must still take six street round to get there.
The ripe and juicy pomegranate I had bought last week as a part of my centerpiece for another dinner inspired me to look up recipes that included it. This recipe turned out to be the perfect combination of a fruity, fresh couscous and a fall-off-the-bone tender, fatty lamb cooked in a tomato-based stew filled with the warm flavors of North African cuisine.
— For illustrations and photoillustrations, scan your artwork then follow photo specs.
Apple is not the only major player building nonvisual access into cell phones based on touchscreens. Android, Google’s touch-oriented cell phone operating system, now provides spoken cues for most if not all commands and controls. A growing number of adventurous blind users are taking advantage of these possibilities, even though no formal training is yet available for either the Apple or Google screen readers. You will meet one of those adventurers later in this column.
Alan Leslie Proctor (English Democrats) 236 (4%)
“I thought it was ‘If a body catch a body,’” I said. “Anyway, I keep picturing all these little kids playing some game in this big field of rye and all. Thousands of little kids, and nobody’s around—nobody big, I mean—except me. And I’m standing on the edge of some crazy cliff. What I have to do, I have to catch everybody if they start to go over the cliff—I mean if they’re running and they don’t look where they’re going I have to come out from somewhere and catch them. That’s all I’d do all day. I’d just be the catcher in the rye and all. I know it’s crazy, but that’s the only thing I’d really like to be. I know it’s crazy.”
After dinner we got in the car and drove to Spencer’s work (just a block away) to put some power steering fluid in his car since at the moment it was inoperable otherwise. As he came back over to get back in the car I blindfolded him and sat him down in the passenger’s seat. We drove around for about 10 minutes so he wouldn’t know where we were going. We ended up at his parent’s house. Unfortunately, I underestimated Preston’s ability to keep a secret because as soon as we drove up he yelled, “Mimi! Grandpa!” Spencer laughed and said, “Why did he just say Mimi and Grandpa?” and I just pretended like I didn’t hear either of them.
You do not have Production house until you’ve fit your sample
On Sex Work
Has anyone ever seen this movie? The description from IMDb has me ready to run out and buy it for the weekend!
We usually are notified sometime toward the end of April since the internal bid process happens starting in May. Either way I will be okay...but I personally do feel like my strengths are with the bigger kids and that's where I want to be.
“In any case, the days of coasting off AB’s hop selections are long gone, “ continued Al. “AB began trending toward All Alpha, All the Time even before InBev bought them out. Since InBev took over, I’ve heard that they’ve been replacing their Tradition and Spalter Select with Herkules, which of course is a super alpha, reportedly ranging from 16 - 20% alpha acid.”
Part 4
This curd was a delicious topping for the chocolate bread that I posted the other day and to be honest I did not have one without the other until the bread was gone. Chocolate and orange are perfect partners on the palate. So here is my version of Blood Orange Curd . . .
Pink Floyd’s great Waters-penned songs, however, only adds to the disappointment of 1983′s the Final Cut, where Waters entirely took creative control, leaving the other band members with almost bit parts, equivalent to the components of the National Philharmonic Orchestra featured throughout. Subtitled “A Requiem for the Post War Dream by Roger Waters” on the back cover, this album was to be a sequel to the Wall, where Waters bemoans his lot in life, growing up fatherless in post-war 1950s England. But he also stretches into the then current Cold War era of politics and society in the wordy album, where more is just too much, detracting from Waters’ strengths as a lyricist. Its ambitious and falls flat. Again, sonics are improved throughout, which does great justice to much of the subtlety of the album’s softer moments, as well as the many bombastic ones. Waters’ scream in “The Gunner’s Dream” bleeds into the screech of saxophone seamlessly. Though again, the effect can sound a bit over-the-top, typical of the entire album.
A banner that flies across this land
So Caitlin is married and starts a family with her special husband and they have a couple of special children. Although her first labour was pretty horrific, she wouldn't have missed it for the world, it made her stronger and there is nothing in this world like that wonderful unconditional love between a mother and her child.
I have had to work very hard to be in the moment and I am not always successful; I still find myself drifting off into future realms from time to time. It is difficult and takes concentration and presence. In earlier times, people were more aware of the “death in life” motif as many people died young, including many children and by the time most people reached adulthood, they had experienced the deaths of close friends and family members. Now, a child dying is seen as an anomaly, an aberration, a middle-aged person, such as myself, sees years ahead, when, even 100 years ago, I probably would have been quite fortunate to have reached the age I am now. I believe people a century or more ago probably had to harden themselves in some way to death, yet, on the other hand, the fact that in the midst of life there is death, probably made their lives more meaningful. I may be romanticizing this but perhaps, I am correct to a point.
It has dawned on me once again that I do and have always lived by “The Golden Rule of Compassion” I have always treated others and loved others as I have wished to be loved and treated myself. By not acknowledging my beauty I am also denying the beauty present in all life. It would seem that I have work to do, if I want to experience the beauty present in this life; I need to acknowledge the beauty that is me in order to truly know the beauty that is in everything.
Bags of seeds
Do you know what it's like to have your fan blowing hot air at you?
I am sure the Deputies opposite know heroic parents who raised their children on their own. They did outstanding work in bringing up their children and parents in two-parent families did the same. I do not like the way many of the speakers in this debate put lone parents and, more importantly, their children into a separate category. I never heard the term that Deputy Boyd Barrett used in regard to lone parents and I will not repeat it because it is derogatory. It may be a southside Dublin term but I have never heard it on the northside or the westside. He should withdraw it.
It all three blog posts the request and the need is clear. The need is for greater clarity. Greater clarity in writing, greater clarity in banking policies and tools, and greater clarity of purpose in ones online presentation of themselves.
If you’re a horse lover and Kentucky Derby enthusiast, you can visit the house, center and training race track like a shrine. While you are there you can visit the horses and the trail. I think children will enjoy it too.
The Case of the Overprotective Ass
How long does it take for someone in that particular department to get “back with” the customer?? AND…most of all….don’t we want the people that are in their respective departments to handle the customers that are live and in front of them??
I really hope that you forgive in a hurry and don't just ask me to leave
Web site: www.dumavideo.com
Did you use Google Analytics?
A licensor in a strong position may want to have a change of control provisions such as the following :
"Yeah," I said. "See you."
Students in Europe
Three young girls have vanished on the same day a year apart, and no trace of them has ever been found. Were they runnaways or victims of a kidnapper? Only one thing links them together - a park in the middle of the city with a rowing club, a school for troubled teens, and a psychiatric hospital on the vast grounds. And then a fourth girl vanishes.
Okay, that’s probably a stretch, but anyway….
Welled up no more, cower now tower
Happy Birthday, William Shakespeare!
My husband took us all out to lunch on Mother's Day-the girls were dressed up in pretty dresses and were so sweet. Our son called me on our way home, so the day was complete!
I know a few people dropped out to injuries (what are those?), other commitments and the such. At least you tried folks. For those who stuck with it, I want to say congratulations! What are you going to do now?
It's made from Fun Fur and flowers cut from Straight from the Nest. I'm sooooo loving that green fur! I can't wait to go buy some and hot glue it to something!
Phew have I finished - no not yet!! Now for all the other challenges I am entering this card in and there are a few:-
So glad that he hit this one out of the ballpark. He deserves this success as much as anyone does. Now get out there, mister, and hit another one!
Sometimes Jesus just isn’t there in time to prevent something. Sometimes Jesus delays for an extra two days so he can shop or catch up on his favorite television programs. I don’t know the reason why he delays and I cannot say that I perfectly agree with it—you know, why not set the world right right now? Why is it wisdom to allow death instead of preventing it?
But as George Lois, an early DDB art director (and an advertising legend in his own right) tells Imseng, “the seed for the Creative Revolution was planted” at that agency when Bernbach met graphic designer Paul Rand. Working closely with Rand, a brilliant conceptual artist, spurred Bernbach’s passion to break out of the typical ad agency structure of the time. Instead of the copywriter conceptualizing the ad alone and then handing off the copy to a commercial artist to be laid out, Bernbach realized the creative process could be much stronger if the writer and artist actually worked together, sharing ideas and feeding off each other’s inspirations.
I’m now waiting for the imminent “Hey, I got me a Kindle!” scene. Can’t be long coming. Oh, Ambridge script-writers, what have you got against reading?
Only then can we say that an Englishman should be England boss, and that appointing the latest Johnny Foreigner is morally wrong.
He added that he and his supporters had consolidated power by securing victories in three ANC regional conferences in the province this past month.
While more academic magic users call on him, the Horned One is most firmly associated with witches. He is also called the Man of the Mass, and it is he, or more likely one of his incorporeal avatars, who presides over the terrible rites common in the Anti-Church. His handmaidens, blind maenads said to have been mortal servants who knew his touch too many times to retain any semblance of sanity, officiate dark rituals in which infants are rolled in dough and cooked in large ovens before acting as a eucharist for a diabolically ecstatic crowd. Anti-Bishops preside over strange un-marriages to corpses and he-goats. It is these rituals that give Anti-Clerics and Witches their unholy powers.
Silence. The emotion was choking him.
to gather us up...
Rather than kill their enemies, Indians of the great plains would sometimes count coup on them – which meant to approach near enough on the battlefield so that they might have killed or injured them, but only to tap them with a stick instead. It was a symbolic deathblow, a humiliation. In the western world, since the age of chivalry, we’ve been more concerned to preserve the honor of the ambitious and turbulent than to preserve their lives. This we call civilization.
Even blogging sometimes boggles the mind. Put a lot of thought and effort into a post and guaranteed it will not actually be read. But put a little aside telling how you sprained your thumb and will not actually post because you can’t type and suddenly you are world-renowned.
The flip-flop has happened, as far as gross motor is concerned. Kinlee has passed Braska right by. So far, no one seems to mind at all.
Every morning, I get up have my tea or coffee, kiss my husband and the dog ( sometimes not in that order!) and check my blog. I love to read all of your posts and see what is going on in your parts of the world. I follow many Scandinavian, British and other Europeon blogs so it is nice to see what the weather is like there. I have noticed how my American friends are having such great weather already. I live in Southern Ontario and our weather, although nice at the end of March, has not been that great.
Back out to the dining room for our last tip. And that’s just what this is about: tips. People who have never worked in a restaurant before seem to have this odd idea that servers and their tips are still stuck in the 1940s. Newsflash, stockbrokers: Our economy is the same as yours. 10% tip may have sufficed when you went to Hank’s Dogs & Burgers with a girl you were only dating because she resembled Rita Hayworth, but it’s not quite making the grade here in 2010. 15% for good service is acceptable, 20% is ideal. (Anything above that and either you got exemplary service, you’re newly in love, or you’ve waited tables before too. Thanks for understanding.) If you’re worried about cutting it close to your dinnertime spending limit, do a little mental arithmetic with prices before you order your food and drink. That way, the end result isn’t a nasty surprise that more often than not causes you to tip poorly and leaves your server shaking his fist and blaspheming your gods as he and the hostess watch you hop into your dark red 2011 Porsche and peel out of the parking lot whilst chattering on your iPhone 8000.
Apple Pie
3 photo corners or anchors
After my easy workout, I got back in my car and drove a few miles downtown to the Nashville Women’s Half Marathon 5k course I will be doing in less than a month I wanted to drive the course and see what to expect. It looks like it will be a good course. There are a few hills but nothing too daunting.
Victor is known for his remarkable interpretations of runway couture. As one of the world’s most iconic fashion designers, he has won acclaim for the exquisite detailing and feminine silhouettes he creates.
I would love to own some outside space however I’ll just have to wait till I can move to somewhere bigger so I am slowly creating an ‘indoor’ garden of pot plants.
One former Khmer Rouge Commander, Comrade Duch, converted to evangelical Christianity in the years after the regime fell.
- In the whole of 2007 the BNP raised a total of £500,000. In the first five months of 2009 we have raised over £650,000. We are on target to TREBLE our 2007 turnover this year, testament to the huge growth of the BNP and the increased professionalism of our fundraising department. To put things in perspective, we have spent more in total on our Euro Election Campaign 2009 than on all the previous election campaigns combined — a staggering achievement. So far this year our electronic email fundraising campaigns alone have raised approximately £100,000. So far in 2009 our e-fundraising department has sent out approximately 2 million emails, 700,000 in May alone. Thanks to the huge output of literature in our Euro Election Campaign, our central fundraising database has grown from a mere 19,000 to approximately 70,000 — which means that the funds available to the BNP to grow, increase efficiency, campaign and fight elections will multiply enormously over the next six months.
Car: Ferrari F2012
I am really thrilled about this new venture and hope all my readers will come read the posts. comment and critique.
Apparently, they're long strips of... something (no idea what), and you wrap it around the cake pan to "insulate" it. This insures that it bakes evenly- no brown or burnt edges, and it reduces the dome effect! As it turns out, they're not very expensive. A great investment, if you ask me!
Reckoning on returning to more familiar ground, the Brasserie Trois Dames IPA came next. This delivers a good grapefruity aroma, with a slight vegetal undertone. It has a lightish body, initially feeling a bit thin on the malts (though there is a gentle caramel backbone), but that can be forgiven as a warming, pithy hop flavour washes over the tongue, followed by a light fruitiness, suggesting tinned peaches. It doesn’t feel big or bold, but the hops deliver an American brashness with a bit of European smoothness, ending in a dry finish. Really quite nice.
"Cardiology has been waiting in the wings, and we shall summon them forthwith."
My only Quince (Chaenomeles x 'Hime') actually started blooming in November, which is its nature. This particular variety never seems to be completely covered in blooms, but it starts in late fall and carefully doles out its blossoms until late spring, whereas most other Quinces spend all their effort in one showy shot.
Oh.my.God did that ever tickle me. I’d just had a Slurpee, an ice cream bar and a package of donuts. I thanked him for the chicken as I surreptitiously slipped mashed potatoes and gravy into the bowl.
But this time, my friend suggested I take the L because it stops exactly where I needed to go. "But I've never taken the L!" I said in a panic. Just thinking about the logistics put me in a cold sweat. Where do I catch it? Where do I park? How much is parking? How do I get a ticket for the L? Or do they use tokens? There are a million stops downtown, how do I know where I'm supposed to get off? Blue line, brown line, pink line, how do I know which line to take? What if I get mugged and someone steals my camera? Then I won't have any proof that I actually took the L and if I can't blog about it, then why bother? Thankfully, my friends are used to my insanity, so they just roll their eyes and tell me to get a grip.
And last, but certainly not least, the Rehearsal Dinner gave Will and I the chance to snap a few last minute pics together before officially becoming Mr & Mrs and savor the incredibly special moment :)
Not to mention rain coats, a la trench style, are so chic and in style right now for spring even if it isn’t raining. Check it out!
This work is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-Noncommercial-No Derivative Works 2.5 Canada License.
For previous Wreck This Journal posts, please visit my sidebar and tag cloud. Stay inspired!
So, on to my It's Okay Friday for this week, and man alive, is it a fabulous Friday!
If that sounds highly theoretical, then consider what happened after Boots the chemist (Alliance Boots) was sold to the Italian pharmacy king Stefano Pessina and private-equity barons KKR in 2007 for £12 billion.
This is the simplest solution to the whole problem. Take a bite of the food, chew it up to the point that you're about to swallow, slip the pill or capsule into or beside it, and it's all gone when you swallow. If it's particularly nasty tasting - and one of mine is! - slipping it right into the middle of a piece ready for swallowing and quickly doing so works for me. And - it leaves no sensation that there's a pill stuck halfway down my gullet as I keep on eating. YMMV.*Plan B. With water.
And that, folks, was how a boy named Atticus Higginbottom was born.
There were many congregations represented at the event. Coral Springs Mayor Roy Gold read a proclaimation supporting the National Day of Prayer. Marquis Sklenar a student at Douglas High School sang “We are the World.” the Spanish Choir of St. Andrew Catholic Church also sang. All the houses of worship present were given the opportunity to read a prayer. Members of the congregations’ youth groups read the prayers.
That hinted-at mayor never materialized, because the Stock Market crash did, plunging the city's fortunes into ruin and exposing the weaknesses of a government consumed with greed. Suddenly, having an extravagant, indecent mayor didn't seem like such a good idea.
6: Rocking Heaven Down
"Well, there's sledding, ice skating, snowmobiling, making snowmen, going out and doing 360's on freshly snowed roads as long as the car has rear wheel drive. Also, lots and lots of beer, whatever is on TV and cursing the weather outside comes into play. That helps us deal with the snow shoveling, getting stuck in snowbanks an the months on end of grey skies. And besides, it helps us appreciate the nice weather, when it comes around again. Basically, we don't like either but we've learned to deal with it. It's not usual to put it in song though. Well, that is until fellow Michiganders, the Johnny Ill Band, did such with their newest out on the X! label
I found myself wondering who these people were, what were (are) their stories? Why were they there? I didn’t have opportunity to talk with them but here are some of the “interesting” people from Portland, OR. (haha, keep Portland weird, right?)
Which is why I’m focusing on my workouts more than usual lately…he’s not around to give me that feeling or grab my butt (lol); hearing it from any other guy makes me vom, soo I do it for myself. And strut through the office lol
Auras are an electro-photonic vibrational response of an object to some external excitation - for example ambient light.
Beer Style: Stout
I didn't do much these past few days. I took a little break from sewing because I was kind of tired of it.
(text convo) tanguera-1: "... you flow..."
What does this have to do with you? Everything! Well, everything, that is, if you want to read about food. Yes, I'll still be here, as always, writing about writing (or whatever it is I do here). Soon, and I'll let you know when, I'll also be blogging at Culinary Vagabonding and I'd love for you ALL to join me over there. I'll still be writing YA dark fantasy and horror. That's what this mad house is for! I simply cannot turn away from my other passions - food and travel.
Managed care imposes health oriented requirements, which do not emphasize person centered or person directed supports.
Thanks for stopping in - Post ya Friday.
“Yeah!” Aisha added. Brian gave her an annoyed look.
And then I saw the most wondrous thing of all. Not one, but TWO billboards for quilt shops. Now, perhaps in other parts of the country this is a normal thing, but I never thought of any quilt shop as being a big enough business to even afford a gigantic roadside sign, much less be able to benefit much from it. But there they were.
That, this time, will be different.
Brulee’s eyes narrowed. “And I,” said the draenei, “never wished to take up the sword in the Light’s name, to increase my combat prowness, to kill on the field of battle. War was thrust upon me and my people. I wanted us to live, and therefore I learned.”
He’s having about three or four breastfeeds a day. We had to drop the very first morning feed as he was throwing it straight back up again Instead, he has porridge and toast, then a little play. By 8am he’s looking for his feed and is happy again once he’s had a short breast feed. He then has another feed in the afternoon and his last one is before bed. I may feed him once or twice in there, depending on how he is, if he’s unwell or if he needs to be settled. There may possibly be a feed through the night, although we’re trying not to do this. We still love breastfeeding, although he giggles, bites and wacks me quite a bit through his feeds quite a bit!
Mthethwa was instrumental in the reinstatement of Mdluli and the finance head of crime intelligence, Major General Solly Lazarus, against the will of Mkhwanazi, who was contemplating his future in the police.
Lest we forget, May God Bless each one
The bizarre one-act made its debut at the tiny Midtown theater before making a proper off-Broadway launch at the Van Dam Theatre (today's SoHo Playhouse) in May 1976. Far from concerning itself with the eventual tragedy, Durang's comic-farce is a sex romp which eventually pairs up provocative combinations of the show's cast, a ribald smorgasbord of sexual fluidity.
zipper foot
I gasped loudly.
Things are not quite the same, a little different, life changes even when you were perfectly happy with the way things were .. so perhaps this is a good time for us to change things too.
Accepting help or taking a break feels like failure and an admission of weakness.
Rockville Centre, New York (population 24,023): After a four-month search involving more than 30 applicants, Rockville Centre Mayor Francis Murray and the Board of Trustees have chosen a former New York City police inspector to be the new village administrator, according to the LI Herald. Keith Spadaro will replace Frank Quigley, who was removed from the position in October, Murray announced at a special Monday-afternoon Board of Trustees meeting. The board voted unanimously to approve the appointment of Spadaro, 50, who has been a village resident for 19 years. He and his wife, Stacy, have three children, Katie, 19, Keith 16, and Caroline, 14. Though Spadaro will not begin his new job until March 19, Murray and former village consultant Anthony Cancellieri will bring him up to speed on village affairs in the coming weeks. Murray removed Quigley from the position four months after he was elected, as he assembled his administration. Spadaro held a variety of positions in his lengthy career with the NYPD. Most recently, he was the commanding officer of its Office of Information Technology, where he oversaw the 1,400 members of the Communications Division. Spadaro graduated from Buffalo State College with a business degree in 1983, and then joined the Air Force for officer training and flight school, but his military career was cut short because of an injury he suffered in college. For several years he worked as a stock trader for a number of corporations. In 2001, while serving as an NYPD lieutenant, he earned a law degree from New York Law School.
France, 1986 — After the French government refused the use of its air space to US warplanes headed for a bombing raid on Libya, the planes were forced to take another, longer route; when they reached Libya they bombed so close to the French embassy that the building was damaged and all communication links knocked out.
Traveled to Koh Samet to visit with Jerry, Choti and their son Leo where they were vacationing. I had been to Koh Samet a few years previously and that trip proved to be one of those life altering events, bringing a lot of pain and changing my expectations about what the rest of my life.
It's a busy week at Faithfulness Farms! On Saturday I am the behind-the-scenes person for the baby shower brunch that youngest daughter is throwing for oldest daughter. Mostly, that means I am doing a lot of the work, lol. I am not minding at all.
BROKEN FAIRY
Thank you sucker
Yes, the ADL does "many good things."
A further farm killing took place in South Africa this weekend, again ignored by the assembled world media. One farmer was killed and two injured during a robbery on a smallholding in Silverton, Gauteng on Saturday.
Translators: Jonathan E. Abel and Shion Kono
Love, peace, happiness and affection
Wednesday- Tacos w/Spanish rice (Old El Paso Spanish Rice is the only way to go. If you don't already have a preferred brand, or tried some before and didn't like it, try this stuff, its the best. Even my husband who hates rice loves this stuff) and refried beans
OU Notes: First, I’d like to thank JME of Cochon Production for this wonderful and rare release. It’s the first time his mastertapes has been transferred to CDs. Sound quality and performance are quite enjoyable. Do not encode into whatever lossy format!!!Enjoy, z-uo
I’m insulted that I would be asked to fill out part of the FORM that will be submitted to the government. It’s far more professional to conduct a SURVEY and then compile those results yourself.
Bart: I am familiar with the works of Pablo Neruda.
30 April 2012
Methinks, mistress, you should have little reason for that. And yet, to say the truth, reason and love keep little company together nowadays. The more the pity that some honest neighbours will not make them friends. Nay, I can gleek upon occasion.
Just got a 6-figure book deal! And Disney bought the movie rights! Yay!
Total Carbohydrate: 3.9 g 1.3%
To celebrate, I'm giving away all three of Lisa Schroeder's YA books. One winner will receive: a paperback of I Heart You, You Haunt Me, a paperback of Far From You, and a hardcover of Chasing Brooklyn.
There's a second planting of corn, direct in ground, not pre-soaked (aka drowned) and planted in toilet rolls as last time. Probably way too late in the season, but we're after baby corn so I'm hoping we'll get to eat some fruit from them.
On the flip side Mark Sanchez is probably shaking in his little boots down in Jersey right now at the prospects of facing the Bills defense in all-white, led by Marcell Dareus AND now the 12th man will be screaming at you in all-white as well. Not your day bro, just not your day.
In the meantime, Oregon winemakers south and west of the town of Indigo Springs have suffered millions of dollars of damage to their vineyards. Windborne contamination has caused some vines to grow rapidly and necessitated the burning of acres of arable land, while alchemically contaminated bears have destroyed much of the healthy crops remaining on the vine.
And I wasn't quite finished here. I now have storage on the back of the door for the gift wrap, and I was able to move some sewing and scrapbooking tubs out of my office into the bottom of the closet. I still have more sorting through craft and school supplies to do, too.
Bring it.
(3) NR Row are Non-Resident Rest of World depositors (ie outside Europe)
Traveling
Eighty percent of CC students are involved in the arts. Eighty percent. That’s rare for a college campus. Considering that they also have 15 NCAA Division III sports (as well as Division I hockey and women’s soccer), that statistic alone says a lot about their dedication to balancing mental and physical pursuits. (And because I tend to encounter a lot of equestrian students who also participate in music, theater, or visual arts of some kind, this is great for them as well!)
Like everything the left does, it does without regard to common sense or factual reality, depending instead on soaring rhetoric and emotional appeal to the lowest possible common denominators of our society… the takers as opposed to the innovators.
about my marriage and family.
I’m late. Chronically late, like a call girl with a candy-bar stuck in her vagina, late.
Under Georgia law, the Secretary of State had properly deferred the ballot challenges to the OSAH for the court’s opinion, and the determination of whether or not Obama’s name will appear on the Georgia ballot ultimately rests with the Secretary.
and she’s reaching for the sky
In the autumn of the same year, the Bishop, Dr. Pétur Pétursson, announced that the day for the service was to be the 2nd of August and the chosen text Psalm 90, vv. 1-4 and 12-17. This decision led to the Icelandic national anthem being composed and its theme was suggested by the chosen text.
Grease 8 3/4-cup soufflé dishes or custard cups. Sprinkle inside of each dish with 1 teaspoon Truvia. In a medium saucepan, stir chocolate and butter over low heat until smooth. Remove from heat. Using electric mixer, beat eggs, egg yolks, almond milk and remaining 1/2 cup sweetener in large bowl until thick and pale yellow, about 8 minutes. Fold 1/3 of warm chocolate mixture into egg mixture, then fold in remaining chocolate. Divide batter among soufflé dishes. NOTE: This can be made a few days ahead. Cover with plastic; chill. Bring to room temperature before baking.
There are big agents and small agents. Your agent may be one of many in a large agency, and this can be useful as they are likely to have expert departments to deal with things such as foreign rights, TV and film rights, and so on. They also have a lot of clout in the publishing world. The downside is that they will have much bigger fish than you in their pond and you might feel neglected. A small agent may be a one-(wo)man band, or one of two or three agents in a quaint, dusty, book-lined office in Soho (that's my agent's dusty Soho office in the photo). They may have less detailed knowledge, may not handle foreign rights themselves, and have fewer fingers to have in pies, but at the same time you'll be a larger fish in their pond and get more of their time and attention.
Behind this face of careless laughter,
Exciting – Now with all that being said, do I believe that post-production is abused in the advertising world, YES. Do I believe it is being done to the extent that the ignorant public believes, NO. People today have this belief that what is being done in photoshop is new, which is true and false. There are tools in photoshop that you just couldn’t do during film days, well not nearly as realistic or as easily. Could I remove blemishes, zits, and other flaws with film photography, why yes I could. Could you composite multiple images together with film, yes you could, in fact the first one ever done was by Oscar G. Rejlander – The Two Paths of Life – 1857. Most of the tools within Photoshop are based on darkroom techniques and were designed by photographers. In other words, people this stuff isn’t new, it’s just streamlined and easier. Now I do like this idea of limiting to a degree the amount of post-production in advertising in some cases, it will eliminate a lot of bad photographers from the industry. However I am still worried that this will push a lot of really talented and beautiful models out of work. These ideas will become very insane and bad, before they ever get better. This is going to hurt a lot of people, before it benefits people. I just ask, will we have to show proof of the post-production done to our images now? Will models have to show proof of their eating habits? Are they going to discriminate against naturally skinny people? (Slight political statement coming up!) It’s seems that it’s going to be ok to discriminate against white people and skinny people only now.
In the wake of the Tucson, Ariz., tragedy, you might think that such high-profile alarm would center on the shortcomings of America’s mental-health system or the inadequacy of the country’s gun laws. You would be mistaken. Instead, some members of the political class remain fixated on what they regard as a greater national emergency: the purported rise of “homegrown” Islamic terrorists. They point to a string of examples of jihadist activity by U.S. citizens of Muslim faith: the Somali-born Portland, Ore., man who tried to detonate a dud car bomb planted by the FBI at a December tree-lighting ceremony; last summer’s failed Times Square bombing by a naturalized Pakistani; the 14 men charged last August with providing support to Islamist militants in Somalia.(See more about Portland’s Christmas-tree-bombing plot.)
In the September of her sixteenth year, there was a great tournament, not only for those who fought, but also for those who played chess, and five stones, for cooks and winemakers, for inventors of great inventions, for storytellers and jugglers and bards. In fact, it was for anyone who was any good at anything. Snow Woman was determined to be the best at everything, for the king had announced that whoever won the most competitions would get a great prize of gold and jewels.
People like the ones in this horrible story, who punished an eight year old girl for lying about eating candy by making her run for three straight hours until she died of exhaustion.
Why this hegemony is about to end.
it sits by the fire when I'm not there
Based on a vast array of documents, from slave testimonies to the papers of Confederate bureaucrats to the private letters of travelers from all walks of life, Sternhell unearths the hidden connections between physical movements and their symbolic meanings, individual bodies and entire armies, the reinvention of a social order and the remaking of private lives. Movement, as means of liberation and as vehicle of subjugation, lay at the heart of the human condition in the wartime South.Learn more about Routes of War at the Harvard University Press website.
3. I moan a lot. I used to be a freelancer and I once had a job I was thrilled to have, so thrilled in fact that I swore I’d never complain while on the job and always maintain a positive outlook. A few weeks in, the rest of the team had a big laughing conversation about how I was so bloody miserable all the time. Apparently, I don’t need to speak in order to moan. My very presence is like a big fuckoff load of gloom, glooming over everything.
I’ve written several travel pieces and most of them are now covered in grime placed in an off-limits box under my bed. A ton of thanks to the voluptuous Maria VT who is now my editor-in-chief for 7107 Islands Travel Magazine; some of my articles now have their place in a commercial publication.
And the angel said to them, “Fear not, for behold, I bring you good news of great joy that will be for all the people. For unto you is born this day in the city of David a Savior, who is Christ the Lord. And this will be a sign for you: you will find a baby wrapped in swaddling cloths and lying in a manger (Luke 2)
Time was on our side for most of the day, we didn’t have to consider re-parking the hire car until around 5pm which would have to be parked very close to the O2 arena in Dublin due to be ready for our hasty escape around 21:50hrs, oh yes we would have to evacuate before Mr Peter Kay had even done his encore.
We’re proud to introduce our new Pecan Harvest Ale. “Abita Pecan Harvest Ale is made with real Louisiana pecans,” said David Blossman, President of the Abita Brewing Company. “That makes it something really special, because most beers with a nutty flavor or aroma aren’t made with real nuts,” he continued. “The natural oils from the Louisiana pecans give the ale a light pecan finish and aroma,” stated Blossman. Abita Pecan Harvest Ale is excellent served with both red meat and seafood – and no surprise; it’s great with nuts too.
06 Deeperand Deeper
I’m wrapping up another Lenten season where I’ve given up fast food, alcohol (wasn’t too good on this one – darn that Oberon coming out on my birthday), and pop. This one seems different because, unlike the other ones where I felt happy at the end to get back the things I gave up, I just feel “meh” and I can’t quite put my finger on it.
Her family had been enduring and fighting a virus- just like so many of us at this time of year. Her little boy- due to turn 4 in April- had gone to bed with his cold symptoms on Saturday night. She checked on him Sunday morning and he was sleeping. She checked again later in the morning- and he was unresponsive.
Red – Red
The waitresses are very nice.
Thank you to everyone else who left comments, it's lovely to hear from you and very much appreciated, as always.
I thought this was too hilarious! Here's why.....
There is a harmony of unified energies that are racing to embody each of us and through your intention and devotion this Living Light of the One Source we can fulfill the divine plan for humanity.
In the end, the protagonist finds love, and satisfies the thematic significance statement: A spiritual journey is challenging, but with passion, and dedication can transform and overcome hurt enough to love again.
Can ODB and Young be serious?
Love, Sara :)
Yes my grandmother and mother loved the rosaries. Thank you soo much. My grandmother was actually hoping that someone was going to get her a rosary.
-1/2 tsp sriracha
Alexander:
Oh Netflix, how our relationship has grown. We were friends for a while when I was getting discs in the mail from you…The you added streaming, and I found you uber sexy…I love/hate you with your totally awesome and also fucking horrible selections. But, you do give great TV…and even better Documentary…
So what am I going to do about it? Sit and wallow and be miserable company for myself and all passersby or do something about it? The Commando obviously isn’t my knight in shining armour and I can’t see anyone else who’s going to make these life changing decisions on my behalf – looks like it’s up to me.
Not a big lunch (because of my public bathroom issues) but just to spend 30 minutes in a public place watching people…A Steak and Shake.
5. Golf
to be working 6 days a week, ideally. But in a month I got only two trips, leaving me to
“Come child, you are no more. Now you walk the realm with those who have gone before.”
negative energy it becomes confusing to your subconscious mind and some of that negative imagery and energy gets absorbed by your subconscious and
I’ve only ever encountered one man who was besotted with the female back. He was a quarter Chinese but one-half Welsh, so we can’t draw any conclusions from that. The circus I worked for had hired him as a human cannonball, which meant that his own back was subject to considerable compression. Maybe that’s why he yearned to rub his face against the unspoiled vertebrae of a well-postured woman.
People have been screaming out loud that we should not see people as different.
7. The Book of Love 3:55
Have a great weekend. Enjoy the great fall weather.
the Cheer
Thank you Sapphire Designs and Imajin Books!
Obama-appointed WANNA-BE-Judge Tanya Walton Pratt nullified the law and forced Indiana to make payments to Planned (UN) Parenthood.
"Relax, Deanna!" Will says, "There is no need to get so tense about everything!"
Imagine rebuilding the Coliseum? Or resurfacing the Pyramids? Or Keith Richards having plastic surgery?
I hope that you are all well and that you are having a nice week :)
Hmph.
Questions: -
Greed is Not Good
Fred McGriff
finish by adding vanilla extract
-- H. L. Mencken
my London book) , Nich was given the 'This is Paris' which is in the same series.
And it occurs to me, shockingly enough, that I have just figured out what I want to be when I grow up. I want to be someone who has more and more and more really good stories to tell.
Todd: The template Human.
If for no other reason than to ask, “where did all the population come from?” They were all gay immigrants, presumably, begat by parents left behind in other places that were heteroesexual? I think not.
Let’s get to the issue of transparency, because voters out there, they want to know as much about you four gentlemen as possible before they vote.
Doesn't this album just scream summer?! I can't get enough of this line. And I'll be sure to share the album again as soon as I get it filled up so you can see how quickly it came together.
Posted using BlogPress from my iPhone
6. Double Dutch
—Kepiblanc
1975 had a glut of guitar bands from Foghat and Ted Nugent to Aerosmith, Blue Oyster Cult and ZZ Top blasting away with stacks of amps all pointed at our heads. Bachman –Turner Overdrive had been selling out arenas since 1973 and was starting to be looked at as yesterday’s hard rock heroes. Selling tickets to their concerts wasn’t a problem, but leader Randy Bachman was getting a little bored with their never changing two guitars, bass and drums sound. Head On still has the wall-to-wall heavy sound in rockers like Find Out About Love, and Wild Spirit, but also slipped in to the mix is an early proto type Power Ballad titled Woncha Take Me For a While. You know that style from the eighties - when long haired, emotionally challenged singers break down and pledge their undying love to the women in their life for the first time publicly, with a slow crescendo of guitars building in the background to a frenzied peak. Fred Turner does his best on making that vocal believable, but Randy still wasn’t done tinkering under the hood. Lookin’ Out For #1 was a full fledged cocktail jazz workout that you could expect to hear at any nondescript Holiday Inn lounge buried in the Midwest. The song does have a great melodic guitar solo from Randy that would have made jazz guitarists Joe Pass or Jim Hall proud. Bachman had a brief moment of clarity and knew that the end was coming somewhere up ahead and wasn’t quite sure what to do. He just wanted to change the formula a little bit, it was time to put down the beer and maybe have a glass of Chablis for a change. Fred Turner basically told him to f**k off and that he ain’t no wine sipper, he was going to ride their classic rig as long as he could. Randy left in 1977 after the Freeways release, he had put too much time and energy into building BTO to want to be around when it finally ran out of gas. Fred parked it in 1980 and the legal battles between Randy and his two younger brothers that wanted to continue using the name started. It has been claimed that Head On was mostly leftovers from the two previous albums. That sounds about right to my ears because a lot of older BTO riffs seem recycled on tracks like Average Man and Down To the Line. If you are tired of your BTO Greatest Hits cd, this wouldn’t be a bad pickup. Even with a couple of softies, it mostly rocks with solid riffs and production.
Mouthy Stitches Swap
What is the main focus of your site?
Extra Wow Lash Mascara
1. Now to him who is able to keep you from stumbling
Getting people to your book signing is fantastic, making them tell all their friends about it is even better. Have fun!
8 weeks until it all begins…
There were a thousand stories in the naked city. Hers was just one.
With regard to, you might have don’t appropriate need the fact.
My only question is, if he's so ticked, are you? Are you shunning me for my absence? Will you give me the silent treatment for missing a couple of posts? Will you make me bleed?
A few pointers can help us decide whether or not it is time to seek professional advice. Barring conditions like impaired hearing, which is surprisingly common in very early childhood, my take is that the presumed health of each of the languages of a multilingual matters less than what healthy multilinguals do with their languages. Let me explain that. Say you’re raising your two-year-old in Mandarin and English. She speaks in single words, either Mandarin or English. Then she finds out that words can be put together, which allows her to say more things all in one go. And one day she produces something that you interpret as want nǎi, ‘want milk’. Your child is not confused, nor is she mangling Mandarin, or English, or both: your child is using Mandarin and English. In short, your child is being multilingual. Same thing if she later on starts using the words of one language with the grammar of another. Or even if she starts stuttering, around this time. Learning to speak fluently in more than single words takes years of sophisticated coordination of breathing with dozens of muscles, in any language, whatever the number of languages. Children also stumble and fall, while they are learning to walk. If you want another example of what tiny multilinguals will do, have a look here (Hi, David!).
But you're still the same
I just got some paperback copies of My Fairytale Life in! And I'm so excited! So, in honor of it being available in paperback, I am going to give away a signed copy!
Me: "Sugar tastes good, but it isn't good for you."
Here she is this lunatic girl. The birds I have hidden beneath her skirt after a dream I had where I was harbouring injured animals of various sorts under my skirts.
We are off camping this weekend as a family. It'll be great to go camping us 4 as we haven't done that for years. James has grown up a lot more since, so hopefully it may be a bit more relaxed and enjoyable. I just hope the weather isn't too bad for us.
P.S. This is not actually early, I started this last Thursday, went home and got sidetracked. I'll try to do better next week.
1 Winner will be selected based on "Like" votes
When I consider the question of synagogue and state, then a number of opportunities come to mind. By now I have lived in two countries who both have official religions, Denmark and Israel, the one Christian (Lutheran) and the other Jewish. The extent of the religious influence is way bigger in Israel than in Denmark, where religion at times are shunned by the population, and where the population are deciding for the religion, more than the religion is deciding for the population, whereas it is the opposite in Israel.
To finish off the card a second larger die cut was cut/embossed for the background and 2 patterned papers were layer behind. I'm so excited to have found another use for my glitters and peel-off stickers! If you give it a try let me know what you think!
The weeks certainly do roll past quickly. Last evening I was working on a project that I had put off conquering. That left my mind in a completely different direction. There is not enough of it left to spread in more than one place. So I quickly chose two recipes and a thought flashed through my extended mind which I quickly grasped and calmly went to bed thinking that I had everything under control. I awakened in the wee hours this morning with my subconscious nudging me that I still had this job to do. I was tempted to just pull the covers up tightly and pretend that I had a free day. That did not happen and I also could not recall what I had decided to focus on this week. That was scary enough to really wake me up. As I pondered deeply and discarded a few substituted ideas, my original idea floated past. So I scrambled (only to me it was a “scramble” - to those of you who already have your day well on its way it was more like slow motion) out of bed and here I am much earlier than I ever planned before my thoughts vanish again.
M- "Super close! Lets look, how much is 4+4..." I thought it was pretty awesome that she got that close in her head.
Question: Is this an example of the future of Obamacare? Why don't they just raise the cost of mail to raise revenues like Obama wants to raise taxes to raise revenues instead of cutting expenses? If it works for Obama then it should work for the Postal Service, no? At least Keynesian Economics says so.
Does it matter if, like me, you’ve been with your partner or spouse for many years? Does first or fourth date behavior need to change to something more subtle — or perhaps more assertive — with the passage of time and the growth of familiarity?
A little soya sauce
and I was at home crying, day after day, week after week, and month after month.
The decorating magazines show all white interiors and stress shades and textures with a pop of color. Mother Nature was the original decorating doyenne--Move over Martha!
Since Spalding’s book was published in 1912, it’s fair to assume that Davenport’s cartoons were drawn sometime in 1910 or 1911. Davenport was in his mid-40s at the time, with presumably many more years of social commentary ahead of him. But as Davenport was drawing away for Spalding out in California, events were unfolding in an Irish shipyard that would indirectly seal his fate.
So upon my arrival in Paris, I sent in the form and figured life moved on.
Tan
Don't give up your dream,
I love Boulogne. But it must be a jolt for one of France's most iconic companies to exit from avenue de Breteuil, one of the classiest neighborhoods in Paris.
From that point on, I became a regular poster, posting to the group on a daily basis. We updated one another on how we were feeling, discussed our doctor appointments and birth plans, share name choices, and spilled the beans if we found out the gender of our babies before birth.
Everybody knows that you really do
Sometimes we have to face difficult situations and get worn down by the people we encounter in this chronic battle we are doomed to fight everyday.
451. Katafi Crab Cake w/ Salad & Calkins Creamery Skinners Falls Basket Tomme @
the beekeepers net, soft and wild. Linen, muslin; fabric-genius.
Risk of drowning: very low
DUNGEN - Oga Nasa Mum/Highway Wolf
My new Twitter chum Hannah objected to me using the (as I implied) outdated term “mental retard”. She said she objected to me “calling vulnerable people freaks”.
It's kinda like when my eyes are bigger than my stomach... only this time my ambition was bigger than reality. I do that sometimes. I try to be an over-achiever and this time I threw in the towel...
his muscles bulge to pull;
I'm in the process of writing an unschooling zine (tentatively entitled Free The Children!), and would love your input on the ideas I have so far.
First, Kickboxing is AWESOME! And it totally KICKS MY ASS!! YES!! I FOUND A VERY STRONG LOVE/HATE RELATIONSHIP!!
Bottom: Black trousers from ZARA
that this is okay. And I am okay.
A washing machine...even if it isn't IN my apartment....at least there is one nearby...and at least I have been able to pay to use it!
Step or Transition
You also tout that,
Last Wednesday I headed along to the launch of Mrs Cranston’s pies at the Old Waverley Hotel. Or should that be re-launch? Apparently centuries ago when the hotel first popped up on Princes Street, Mrs Cranston, wife of the hotel’s owner, used to slave away in the kitchen for hours on a Friday just so she could meet demand for her delicious pies on a busy Saturday.
We celebrated with a cake which ended up looking like a massive doughnut...as pointed out by little Miss M, so she sang Happy Doughnut to you....
-Dilute the jaggery in the warm water and strain for impurities.
That’s it for “Ember to Ember”—check back here on April 6th for my thoughts on “The Price of Blood”.
It’s just an old Chinese fairytale that I’d completed the whole series before I got in middle school: The teal (a.k.a Green snake). I just finish watching its new short film version and… well… Despite the fact that I’m absolutely an China antier, I must say I love the film sooooo much. Come on! After all, I can’t say that hate Pearl Princess either. They are a part of my childhood!
CRESCENT BREAKFAST EGG DISH
- potato (large chunks)
Last week, Morgan and I came up with this idea to let students tweet in convo. As a student here, you have to go listen to a speaker. You’re supposed to come out learning something and being academically and mentally challenged. But the truth is, a handful of students could care less.
Steve said, “You know where she is? Ethan, she may be a help to us.”
The beauty with which Frazier narrates this Appalachian journey is as if falling
"I am the author of Number of Books, most recently TITLE (Publisher: year published). I've included a list of my books at the bottom of this email" and then include the list below your signature and above the first 3-5 pages of the manuscript you include in the query.
The main conculding realizations I have had about running with Mr. Speedy (I’ll think of a more fitting nickname later) are that it is such a relief to run with someone who has this same drive for running, the endurance for distance, and the want to run in a pair.
Up the 2nd and down 1st Saddle. Continued perfect weather.
One final thing, was it a coincidence that Peyton Manning formally ruled out the Miami Dolphins not long after Mario signed? Coming off a neck injury the last thing you want to face is a beastly pass rusher twice a season. At least now that they know, the Dolphins can focus on Matt Flynn, if indeed he is on their wish list.
I messed with everyone at work with these nylons:
This week we had a bit more grammar in class. And as our teacher is a bit of a grammar-wonk, we looked at underlying structure. When do you use the Japanese equivalent of a present continuous verb “-te imasu” and when do you use the simple present “-masu”? Despite having tinkered with Japanese for many years, this was the first time I had come across a structured explanation/comparison.
#4: He humors you when you try to explain how easy a 50k will be. "It's just this much....and then another half marathon....and then an easy 5 miles. Nothing!"
*If you like the music, let me know !
Lola and her mommy read together a lot.
TIME: 8:28 PM
I got an initial deposit in cash, then had to arrange for the boat to be recommissioned and taken off dry land storage and launched into the water for a sea trial. My boat was launched at the public marina Aug. 26,2002, not the yacht club as I was out of the yacht club and no longer a member. Don’t ask me why, but my intuition was telling me to be very careful throughout this boat deal, I kept meticulous notes on everything that transpired, but was hopeful everything would go right and I’d be rid of that big white elephant. My intuition later proved out to be correct.
Also, just past the rock slide, I came across a gopher snake. It's the third time I saw one just stretched out across a path. Seems like a dangerous way for a snake to lay, since these gopher snakes never seem to move when I approach them. I'm not convinced they'd move out of the way in time if a mountain biker were coming down to bisect them.
“By the way, the best part of your argument isn’t what you think Jesus can do for me. It’s what He’s done for you”. WOW! Spirit-Moving words! Recently I read this one line in my Daily Bread reading. (Daily Bread is on my blog roll – check it out sometime).
“The world is a book, and those who do not travel, read only one page.” ~ St Augustine
Google has added new HD high-resolution themes as well as old themes on new setting automatically. Themes have been completely rebuild with imaginary provided by iStockphoto. You can select themes by go to setting menu.
tell my baby
An Intense Version Perspective:
Back soon with something crafty to share I hope!
Mattias's words of praise were a cold drink after crossing a desert. The Captain, though he often ate Stacey's cooking, never gave a word of praise. What Mattias said flooded into Stacey and made him smile. "Thank you sir."
China’s closer neighbours in the East understand the context better. Singapore, which has a majority population of Chinese (many of whom are born in the country of immigrant fore-parents), refer to Mandarin as taught in schools as Hua yu, literally and correctly the Chinese language. In the early days, before the vastly English-speaking Singapore adopts its own national language – which, by the way, is Malay, which together with English, Chinese and Tamil are recognized as the nation’s official languages – Mandarin was also widely known as Guo yu understandably because of the strong cultural roots of Chinese immigrants who knew it as such.
INVESTMENT: $80
Many think she is in New York. Miss Liberty's home
feasts for the poor, crippled, lame and blind: “He lifted up his hands, and
Thaddaeus Ropac Collection
That’s a quote from V.S. Pritchett’s essay on Nikolai Gogol’s Dead Souls. It corresponds exactly, or almost exactly, with impressions I have gathered over a lifetime of reading. How often have I come across passages in Balzac where he seems to lose interest or even be falling asleep (he wrote at night, using pots of coffee to keep him going). How often have I fumed at those places in Dickens’s novels where he seems to decide he has to throw in some romantic melodrama, and the quality of the writing falls off a cliff.
Hello all,
Mike Adams
This rule holds true with any company, brand or public figure. What’s the point of following someone who is irrelevant to your company? Also, when you follow everyone, the ones who actually matter will be drowned out.
She has also worked as an Actress with small parts in films such as “Ronin” and “Jerry Maguire“.
One day when we were on a walk, I was pushing him around in his blue car. He decided to push instead. We walked past a house where a man was unloading things from his truck. W said, "Hey! Whatcha doing?" The man answered. W said, "I see a cat!" (Although there was not one in sight.) I told him to tell the man good-bye. He said, "Good-bye! Have a good day!" So friendly and adorable!
· Craig Kallman, chairman and CEO, Atlantic Records
Audrey has just lost her tooth and is very hopeful that the tooth fairy will visit her. But because she lives on an outback property she wants to make sure so she places a few helpful hints to lead the tooth fairy to her bedroom, a map on her cubby, an arrow from rocks, a trail of breadcrumbs, a bowl of water and just to make sure a drawing of the tooth on her back door. But will these clues survive the night?
The powers of financial capitalism had another far reaching aim, nothing less than to create a world system of financial control in private hands to be able to dominate the political system of each country and the economy of the world as a whole. This system was to be controlled in a feudalist fashion by the central banks of the world acting in concert, by secret agreements, arrived at in private meetings and conferences.… The growth of financial capitalism made possible a centralisation of world economic control and use of this power for the direct benefit of financiers and the indirect injury to all other economic groups.
"Culture matters," Romney said.
Himself was going to the dechetterie to dispose of a few bottles, cans and plastic and also pick up a couple of baguettes in the village for lunch. We were expecting some good friends to arrive in an hour or so.
4. Oranges, 15 for $1 at El Rancho Supermercado (through 12/7/10)
It has slightly exceeded because we packet in the wrong box and we found it by the last fair in
We really wanted to chill a bit and catch our breath after all these mini-adventures, so we went to Videopolis Theater in Discoveryland, where we got to see The Legend of the Lion King . It is inspired by Broadway musicals and with its timeless story is one of the most popular attractions in Disneyland Paris. A large group of over 100 great actors and singers show their talent in 30 minutes which is guaranteed to have you hooked all the way through. The amazing and colorful costumes, the dynamic movements and dance routines, the catchy songs and the impressive visual effects during the performance contribute to a compelling show, suited both for adults as for children. Don’t miss it!
For whatever reason, there seems to be strong empirical evidence that Americans have surprisingly little knowledge of current political issues even as they seemingly have incredibly black and white views on political positions. Proving or disproving this beyond the empirical is a difficult, if not impossible proposition, although one can easily find enough evidence to comfortably say that Americans are woefully ignorant of political realities and facts. Examples: Barack Obama is a Muslim, who is the Chief Justice of the Supreme Court, and who the top military commander is in Afghanistan. So we (“we” being me and the CW) chose to do some research on how people today are getting their political information.
My response: "PUT on YOUR clothes. You are going to school."
16. Baby, It's You
Cheyne (Robin Irvine) is a slight man of strong character—not a good combination on a ship like this one. He makes enemies quickly, despite the inherent value of his skills, and puts himself at even greater risk when he helps haul Ethel (Marlene Dietrich) out of the ocean and tries to hide her from Morain and his less-controlled, slathering crewmen. Ethel is naturally grateful, and the pair fall in love under the threat of discovery, gang-rape and murder.
....If I were that man, the woman was my child, and that wine was coffee, you would have a clear picture of my afternoon yesterday. (alright, well maybe the wine was there....)
There won’t be a review of the Soul Sessions due to the very bad turnout, there really isn’t much I can say about it. Wilson B Nkosi even refused to pose for our pictures, so that must say something to you. See some of the pics taken at the Dr Malinga event and don’t forget to spread the word about the Pheli Blog.
I suspect it’s not just me who feels this way. There are so many ways media cuts a woman’s psyche down in order to get her to buy a whole bunch of stuff. The advertising promises that we will Feel amazing! Look better!
The courthouse says those people can expect to be called in for jury duty this week but it certainly won’t be 1,200 of them at once.
Review Copies I want to Read AND Post About:
8. Cook until both sides have brown bubbly spots. Brush one side with clarified butter or melted ghee. You will need to adjust heat from time to time. It should take about 45 seconds to one minute per side to cook.
We now know that there are around 4,000 possible victims of Glenn Mulcaire’s phone hacking spree (at least). This is based upon the information taken from Mr Mulcaire’s home, and which, by the time of the Sheridan trial, had been in the possession of the Metropolitan Police for over four years. Quite how DCS Williams was able to say that there was one victim, Mr Pinkerton, seems remarkable.
You’d know how much they’d grown!
Had lunch on the patio at the Olive Mill today with my niece, Abby. It was a lovely lunch--good food, good weather, and good company. I love when that all comes together, don't you?
I’ll look for work, I’ll play guitar, I’ll ogle pictures of girls I want to have sex with.
After more than two months in hospital we were finally able to take Cameron home, the only problem was - we no longer had a home to go to so Cameron and I moved in with my parents in law for a month while we organized our new life and home.
1/2 cup chopped red bell pepper
I am the one who can give you all things in perfection
“W-what the…w-where am I?” He groaned weakly. Princess jumped up and wrapped her arms around his neck, kissing him on the cheek. Just as she finished, he goes and ruins everything.
Luckily I was able to drawn on some material that I had already created for various Agile-related presentations. But then the second unexpected thing happened. One of the conference organizers sent me an e-mail letting me know that I should expect upwards of 100 people to attend my session and possibly many more. I had forgotten to let them know that I was planning on an intimate workshop of about 20 people. Now what was I going to do? I never would have set out to do a hands-on session for more than 20 people, let alone 100 or more!
So if you remember, a few weeks back we had Henry’s big Kindergarten Transition IEP. In case you missed it you can read the prequel here. Since that time I have been slowly trying process what transpired. 14 or so individuals (not counting Grant and myself) sitting around two big library tables pulled together was a little intimidating. And when it came to discussions about data and percentages of pull-out versus push-in and weekly minutes in the triple digits….well, my brain shut that part out for fear of vertigo and vomiting. (Some day I hope to write more about my newly self-diagnosed dyscalculia~it has a name!) Anyway, if you asked me now, I would not be able to tell you exactly what even came out of that IEP…that’s how badly I block data and numbers. (Scarier still is that I do the banking and bill paying for our family!)
The Moeders Jolene (MDM)
Answer: Keep it simple, don’t live outside your means, and be true to yourself no matter what.
See that bottom right picture on the page? See that tall guy clapping in the background. That's my Daddy. He worked for the school system grounds dept. and had to work the game that day guarding the gates. I did not recall ever that he was in that book. I think I slid off my chair. What are the odds that I would see my yearbook, 34 years later with a picture of my Dad on the very anniversary of his passing? I'd say slim to none. Dad was just saying hi and letting me know that he was around. I love it!!
Junsu pull the towel away from Yoochun’s waist and shyly wrap his cute palm around Yoochun’s member. Yoochun surprised by Junsu action but then he smile and let out a small moan. With the kiss that hasn’t broke yet, Junsu pump Yoochun’s member and Yoochun pump his slowly.
But this is a HUGE leap in the right direction for those suffering Cystic Fibrosis.
This is an old Victorian infant school locker (long name). I bought this cupboard about 10 years ago back in England off of eBay. It came from an old school that was being torn down and I was so lucky to happen to see it on eBay, bid on it and WIN!!
Trestle tables disappeared with the conclude of the feudal system, and most antique dining tables in Lancashire date from the sixteenth century or later. By this time, it was frequent for the master and his loved ones to dine individually to the rest of the family, and sound tables progressed. Named refectory tables, these became preferred across Europe. Lots of designs ended up based on the trestle design, and though some ended up pretty plain others (specially individuals from Italy) could be incredibly elaborate, with carved acanthus designs on trestle-fashion legs.
So did countless other bodybuilding champions, movies stars, and enthusiasts who walked through the door of his gym, or purchased his courses through mail-order.
I don't know this toilet at all though. It certainly doesn't look familiar, and I have on so many occasions looked at the bright Armitage Shanks porcelain when spilling out after another empty night! I've gotta get outta here, this can't be right. Where the fuck is the canal....and where the hell is me typewriter?!
was four, I was able to predict her mood swings with great accuracy,
" Gravitation cannot be attributed for individuals dropping in really like."
3) Broccoli – 200 gms
The response from NARAL was that:
Being in the word is so important. Just opening up the bible and reading a scripture that jumps off the page right into your heart is so moving to me. I love it.
I'm sighing as I am writing this you know. The sigh is my way of relinquishing the fears, and just keeping my eyes on the hope and excitement of the other side of 2011 stepping through the door. Because sometimes change can be good. Better in fact. And that is my hope for the next year.... the next 365 days...to be good. Better in fact :)
Rub Ons: ABC Rub Ons
I tiptoed upstairs to turn off their lamps and stole a moment to watch them as they slept…
Many museums have discounted or free days. Watch the paper or call up your local museum and ask about dates and times with reduced admission prices. Make it your mission to see the culture of your city for under $5. It can be done!
But then you wake up to this.
Burgundy wrap sweater, Bloch. Green long-sleeved tee, Merona. Green and gold scarf, gifted. Khaki corduroy skirt, London Jean. Brown tights, Target. Brown loafers, Me See (or something like that). Brown purse, thrifted.
Then I add the freshly cooked grains, olive oil and lemon juice. Extra salt and pepper.
Below is the picture I took of the bridge today. It has plenty of space and lots of trees. I think it would be very pretty.
Klaus, a free-market economist who oversaw a wave of privatization in the 1990s after communism collapsed in his homeland, also said the world was "moving in the wrong direction" in combating the economic crisis.
by Stephen King, the story hinges on a female fan of a novelist who kidnaps him to try to stop him killing off the main character in a series of successful books. An ending she could not condone after all the endings she has read in the series. It is the perfect illustration that endings must satisfy. We
Tuesday I weeded and edged the front flower bed, staked the Delphiniums, Cleaned the deck-removed the greens (and other assorted messes) from making Xmas decorations, Planted all Dahlia's from the basement into pots, cleaned out my part of the garage, sowed 2 flats of French Marigolds (Yellow, and Bee) and weeded under the fruit trees in the garden.
Skinsations provides patrons “affordable luxury” in a soothing, calming environment.
I want to shine like a golden star
Top game Mike!
There's a blank space near the range that I want to put a rustic industrial shelf, like this:
It sounds like I’m being presumptuous and assuming a lot about you and we’ve never before met.
Matthew 24:20-21 But pray ye that your flight be not in the winter, neither on the sabbath day: For then shall be great tribulation, such as was not since the beginning of the world to this time, no, nor ever shall be.
When we held our Zombie Intern Contest last February, we were looking to identify students on the Island who might become the advertising stars of tomorrow.
To date Ramona he has to defeat her 7 evil exes, which sets up some great game-inspired fight scenes. I enjoyed the stylised way Wright handled the film, although I’m not sure everyone will like that direction.
And the 12 lucky players are....
4 T soy sauce
However, for the purpose of this article it’s imperative that focus is placed on the Web 2.0 application(s) in which promote this kind of growth in technologies. For example, WordPress is a site in which co-exists with previous core patterns outlined by O’Rielly, as well-being compatible with the notion of Software above the level of a Single Device.
A writer's voice can be trained. Techniques can be learnt. Polish can be acquired. But at what cost? I know that when I started blogging I had to take a step back, deconstruct a little, crumble. Years of professional writing had put a particular veneer on my writing. It didn't work in this environment. Maybe my vulnerability didn't show through? (Hi Seal!).
This is a beautifull green, more green instead of that minty touch that the photo shows.It's a mixture of a lot of different greens, I love it.
We have taken a lot of time, effort and talent to create our items, branding, photo and general staging, and our descriptions. All of this is legally protected under copyright and intellectual law. We take this very seriously and will take action, through our attorneys, when violations occur. Please respect and adhere to artistic integrity.
3. Roll all the way to the scalp and pin in place with bobby pins.
Because He loves you like this
And when I spotted it, the one thing, it turned out to be five. The refridgerated end-cap glowed like a becon, bathing my face in it's cold, fluorescent lighting. "Hot Pockets. 5 for $10."
"Oh, no. I couldn't do that." She giggled again, skipping sideways so that she could face him as she moved. "You should never explain your own joke."
love the good things
Still, because we were of the female persuasion (as opposed to the hundreds of dudes there that were shouting, “WHAT’S THE TIME? IT’S TIME TO GET ILL!”), we got pushed near the front, and we were all instructed to scream as loud as we could, to make it seem like a real Beastie Boys concert.
'shop around your home first' - have a good look in your home for spare containers/storage that may be of use in the area you are trying to clean out/tidy up/reorganise
I finished my textile class this past Friday. Here's a pic of my final project. I was assigned a "coastal bungalow". I really enjoyed everything about the class except staying up till 3am finishing huge notebooks full of fabric samples and images.
#9 1987 David Medlin EP Hanks 3000 Meters 8:27.66
I have marked down the prices on my For Sale page on most everything except the May Arts Ribbon!
Compare this to the recent events where white university students were accused of pretending to urinate into a stew prepared for a group of blacks, which made the main news across Europe and America, showing that when it comes to news coverage, what the students pretended to do, the world media do for real.
I suppose I was hoping for the same kind of magic on this trip. Believing that perhaps removing myself from the hum drum of my daily routine, the chores that are constantly beckoning, and the phone that seems to be always buzzing; that I might allow myself a moment to breath, and to purge another piece or two of those thoughts, memories, dreams, and fears that I’ve been carrying. While I haven’t been writing, I have been reading and just finished re-reading Bag of Bones by the infallible Stephen King – a story that I suggest for anyone and everyone, whether you’re looking for an escape from reality, a good fright, or in my case, inspiration and reassurance that even an award winning novelist created by the master, experiences (and overcomes) writers block every now and again.
BridgePort Brewing Co Portland Haymaker Extra Pale Ale TBD
4:00 - snack (usually crunchies or puffies)
Well he can make his own list.
Where they could raise their families.
American recipes, the more compounds are shared by two ingredients, the more likely they appear in recipes. By contrast, in East Asian cuisine the more flavor compounds two ingredients share, the less likely they are used together."
My heart goes out to Aunty Ce, John, Paul, Gloria and their respective families.
"It says," the old man read aloud, "Merry Christmas! My name is Monsieur DuPree. For breakfast, I like bacon and eggs -- even corn flakes will do. For dinner, I prefer mashed potatoes and some meat. That's all. I eat just two meals a day. In return, I will be your most loyal friend."
Yesterday I also happened to discover that my ESTA Visa whatever thingymabob I need to enter the United States does not run out until June 2011 which, as far as I am aware, means I won't have to re-apply and can just edit the one I have. WIN! I will have to read more about it though, because there could be some rule or something that says that I must re-apply. Another WIN was when the insurance company that I have my travel insurance with called me young. Apparently I qualify for a YOUTH policy. I feel so young again. A mere kitten.
Here's the chandie I bought a couple summers ago. I bought it at the Peddler's Mall for $20.
Fast forward some eight or nine years. He traveled overseas several times with teh military and the last I knew he was in Washington, DC working in a museum. I was living here, making my way.
Chill wand out
Because Citadel has funded the Concord project without outside investment, it intends to scale down its interest in the company over time. According to Deng, Citadel has explored having the Bank of South Sudan (BoSS) provide a guaranty for Concord to pursue a loan or outside investors to compensate for the loss of the capital from Citadel. If Concord were to default on a loan guaranteed by the BoSS, then the government would be required to pay back the loan for Citadel. For a project that has yet to prove itself economically viable, it is shocking to see how far the government is willing to go in order to facilitate foreign investment in South Sudan.
by Shery Ma Belle Arrieta
There's been plenty going on with the Sophie deal, but I've not written about that either. Why? Probably because it gets very tiring explaining myself and my reasons to everyone who thinks I know what I want, and that this mare isn't it. I had the finances and the eye to pick out a very nice horse (the one gelding I looked at just sold to Gina Miles, and the other mare I looked at is at a barn featured in Eventing Nation just last week)... and I picked Sophie.
Rooster fish, Snappers to 35 lbs, Dorado, Sailfish, Pompano, and the list goes on for an 8 hour trip to the islands or the points. The Bonito, Arctic Bonito I sh ould say have gotten larger in size to anywhere from 10 lbs to 35 lbs, many times these are also referred to as Skip Jack Tuna and are great tasting just like Yellowfin Tuna….
Gavin Sheridan at thestory.ie sent a formal request to the ECB to hand over copies of “any or all communications from the ECB addressed to the Irish Finance Minister (or his direct office) in the month November 2010” This morning he received a response which stated that there were in fact two letters sent by the ECB to Brian Lenihan in November 2010 – the first is seemingly uncontentious and doesn’t refer at all to the imminent bailout. But the second letter dated 19th November 2010 is withheld in the strongest language; it is, according to the ECB, “a strictly confidential communication between the ECB President and Irish Minister of Finance and concerns measures addressing the extraordinarily severe and difficult situation of the Irish financial sector and their repercussions on the integrity of the euro area monetary policy and the stability of the Irish financial sector”, the letter goes on to claim that “disclosure of its content beyond what is described above would undermine the protection of the public interest as regards the monetary policy of the Union (second indent of Article 4(1)(a) of ECB Decision on public access) and as regards the stability of the financial system in a Member State (seventh indent of Article 4(1)(a) of ECB Decision on public access)”
Me: “Um, better than yesterday, because yesterday I couldn’t even move–”
Thank you Texas legislature for moving the Republic forward once again into the early 1900s. Craft beer was never about the money, just passion for a great product. Nobody gets rich in this game. All that work the brewers put in just for their own elected officials give them the finger. Damn shame. I'm sure we're going to do the song and dance all over again in a couple years thinking "this time we'll get it out of committee". Maybe by 2040, we'll get it passed in the House just in time for the Senate to go on recess. By the time we figure this out and pay off all the guys we gotta pay off, alcohol will probably be illegal again anyway. Thank you.
From idea to book in two weeks. We now have examples of our portfolio from the last two years and while the work ranges from performance to video to print editions we also have artist books and the catalog is an nice example to lay into the hands of a few curious curators. Wish us luck.
2 1/2-3 c confectioners sugar
Going back in time with the family tree research I can’t help but feel drawn to Victorian times. My grandma whom I vaguely remember, was born in 1872 (and lived till well into her 90s); and it amazes me to think she was around when Queen Victoria was on the throne.
Here, it’s all about “the children,” about “streamlining” education, boosting scores, uplifting minorities, making America competitive, and just about every other infantile fairy tale they can invoke to convince the country to hand over the loot. For that’s what it’s really about. The trillion dollars a year to be made by turning “the children” into intellectually impotent dullards but profit producing zombies? Well, that’s just a lavishly fortunate coincidence. Right?
The 115mm length and 7mm diameter belie it's rather surprisingly substantial presence in the hand. Thats clearly an effect of the knurled grip zone and its weight to size ratio from all that metal componentry.
***Looking grayer than it really is, because I took the photo. The ink is black.
Here's the kicker.
Alona and Will are back again
After he left the building, Connor went to the nearest trashcan, yanked his unfinished Simple Machines project from his binder, and tore it in half, then in quarters. The term was over; there was no point in hanging onto it now. A few pieces of tattered paper fluttered to the ground as he stuffed the can. Not bothering to pick them up, Connor hurried to the school parking lot and found Taylor, leaning against the back of his Chevy pick-up and talking to Tawnya Garcia. His best friend was decked out in his usual gear...a letterman jacket and the most recent ‘funny’ tee-shirt he picked up at Wal-Mart. This one read, I didn’t say it was you’re fault...I said I was going to blame you.
A behind-the-scenes trailer for “A Scandal in Belgavia” is embedded on the left. Meanwhile, the Holmes-obsessed Web site, I Hear of Sherlock Everywhere, recently did an interview with actress Pulver--covering, in part, this opening episode of Sherlock, Season 2--that can be enjoyed here.
The MEA Meetings and Events awards for 2011 have kicked off with spectacular state presentation dinners in Melbourne (at MCEC) and Sydney (at the Sofitel Wentworth).
naming their delicate
3. OPS is the greatest indicator of overall hitting success
7 more days left!, Peyton Knight
When: May 13, 2011 7:30 pm
08.07.08 US Boston, Cafe 939
There's plenty of hubbub about this new restaurant in the former Baja 600 location on the south end of the Plaza, Gram & Dun. And with good reason.
Just to show that I haven't disappeared into the blogether here is a collection of snapshots from the month so far.
And bruha? Maybe Bruja? Not sure though, my Spanish is not very good.... and being a typical Boston bitch, I would not want to correct it for him.....
Happy Thanksgiving my friends!
her polaroids are my daily dose of lovely.
Those tracks and that hair had scared him bad. He had gone running into his house, screaming bloody murder. And while I had been in trouble, big trouble at first, the misdemeanor was alleviated by the fact that Pete had suddenly lost his stutter!
Recently I held a poll on which colors you all like but are afraid to use because you think you may get a different result then expected. Purple had the most votes which is no surprise since purple has been making a huge splash in 07 and 08. But purple hasn't seen this much popularity pre 07 in quite a while so many people may not have ever decorated with it before. I added some pics and a little advice on choosing purples in a post below.
Michelle has created a plan to cook all 5 dinners for the week in just ONE hour. All the menu plans have family friendly meals that feed 4-6 people and no, they are not all casseroles.
We didn't hear from old Dick about the partisan Supreme Court stealing the 2000 election either. In fact, Dick was there the whole time the GOP was radicalizing itself and didn't exactly fight it. He had to know what these people were. But apparently, it was all good until they turned their guns on him.
What I’ve noticed so far is that ducks are more resilient than chickens when they are small. They are more aware, more active, less in need of a super warm brooder and more messy (I didn’t think that was possible, but because ducks need water to be able to eat their duck chow, they manage to get water all over the place. And their poops are a lot more liquidy – and so messier as well). I plan on getting them out of the stock tank brooder I have them in in about another week. Then I will pen them into a horse stall, with lots of bedding and a brood lamp in the corner, and they can run around and make all the mess they want. I’m feeding them chicken starter, but with extra niacin in the water (100 mg of people niacin dissolved into a gallon of water) as they have a higher need for niacin for the first two weeks.
The forty or so hours that Jesus spent in the grave were quiet, Saturday was the quietest twenty-four hours in all of history, but Sunday came, Jesus rose from the dead!
Just in case you need a reminder of who you are doing this for....
You might think a trusty old fan will do the trick, but your daughter needs a lot more to keep the prickly heat away. Here are a few suggestions on how to keep your little one cool and comfortable this summer season.
Being a writer is mentally and emotionally exhausting. Daily.
Relationships look to me as a direct line to compromising what one is. I tear up at the fucking Dr Pepper ad where people rip off their t-shirts and assert they’ve “gotta be me.”
That’s the change that makes a difference.
LEVITICUS 19:32
And I can hardly recognise my own voice
pondering gospel principles He may have pondered.
Well, finally feeling much better again! So, it's time to try and catch up on a few things.
Get along to Misky Cravings in Fairfield – it opened in July but has already gathered a loyal fan base, mostly South American ex-pats. Misky means delicious in Quechua, the language spoken by the Incas in ancient Peru. The restaurant can be difficult to find – hidden within the depths of a non-descript arcade – but keep an eye out for the red and white laminated menus stuck to the glass doors on the street. The décor is plain but smart and much more jovial on the last Sunday of every month, with live music at lunchtime.
Thankfully, most mornings Claudy gets him and brings him to me. I'm spoiled!
What is your offering? Are you a Shaman, Reiki practitioner, artist, dancer, mom, accountant, chef, teacher, healer, magician? What special gift of love can you offer to your own healing, our planet and your sisters and brothers (fellow humans and life on earth)? Let your gift come from your heart and be your expertise. The vibration that comes from the heart (an intention of love) is 5000x stronger than that which comes from your brain. And, you are energetically supported by hundreds of others with complimentary expertise.
In the last couple of years, she's made personalized keyrings and bookmarks, as well as reversible baskets.
Much as I dislike the idea of continuing to line George Lucas’ already over-flowing pockets how could I not go to see The Phantom Menace in 3D? Even if it wasn’t in 3D you would still find me buying my ticket. Star Wars needs to be seen on the big screen. The sound, the music, the effects!
She then said, "You know what I mean!! Which one of them is really yours?"
During our meeting I felt a deep responsibility to assess Governor Romney's commitment to addressing the issues most important to conservatives, as well his commitment to ensuring our appropriate representation in a Romney administration.
“Kumita lang nang malaki, maganda na? ‘Di ba pwedeng overhyped muna?”
It's upwards of 100 degrees here the past couple days and I've lost my will to live. For the most part I've been lying on the floor, panting, and occasionally stretching a finger upwards to feebly peck another key on my laptop. Heat is tough in a city with no air conditioning. Coco and I went to the grocery store yesterday and stood in the frozen foods section. It would have been a good idea if half the neighborhood hadn't been there, too. Everyone in Saint Germain needed fish sticks, I guess.
I made another one of my rare public appearances DM’ing yesterday at Socal Smackdown in Anaheim. Last year’s session was a big success, and the organizers (wanting more RPG events, especially old school) had asked me to run a game again. I was back and forth about it for the last couple of weeks, but having not a whole ton of other priorities for the long weekend I was leaning towards it. Earlier in the week a player from my regular group was interested, so I said “what the hell” and went for it. Last year I stayed at a cheap hotel near the con, but this time just travelled down there for the session
There's that elephant in the room. They know things that they weren't told by me. I know they know.
Maria Duenas’s million copy best-selling tale of adventure, tragedy, love and war, The Seamstress.
In the fourth quarter of 2011, real GDP increased 3%. Despite the slowdown, economist are still positive that the current economic recovery, while slow, is on a sustainable path.
1/8 cup water
__We become acquainted with the creativity of the Ukrainian jewellers of the 16th- beginning of the 20th centuries through the wares executed in various European styles: Baroque, Rococo, Classicism with the characteristics typical of the national Ukrainian traditions. This section displays multicoloured picturesque enamels and the whole range of precious and semi-precious stones which decorate mitres, potyras, panageas, epimannicias. Complicated technical and decorative techniques are typical of many both cultural and domestic objects.
So I scratched one of the beauties out on this 11x14. I just scanned the bird not the entire canvas. I'm thinking I want the background to be mostly yellow. Yellow is a happy color and you know these guys were really happy to find an easy, free breakfast. Yuck !
I recently found some cute small paper bags at my local scrapbooking store and I knew right away I wanted to make them into tags and incorporate some tags inside... you can also add a small gift too. I made a few paper bag tags they are totally addicting LOL.... I used some gorgeous products from KarlaS001 Etsy Store...if you haven't check out her store you should is totally amazing!!!
Hotel telephones are very seasonal and finding an amazing hotel, can be a clause that might stipulate that you make, with all your outgoing and incoming calls, including the caprera hotel venice italy an address book, which holds the caprera hotel venice italy and numbers of the caprera hotel venice italy. The SIM card could save you over 80% of your communication expenses which you would want.
If you have not seen Sabrina…
It’s also common for ad networks to collect information that identifies a specific device or user for use in targeted marketing campaigns. Much like for browser-based ads, this practice allows users to see more personalized or relevant ads. Despite permissions-based information access, it is often difficult for the users to understand what aspects of their information are collected by ad networks. Lookout Labs has investigated the capabilities and information collection methods specific to each ad network. Ad Network Detector tells users exactly what data is being collected, and by whom.
Starters is one of those books that is high, high up on my wishlist. I’ve heard nothing but amazing things about it and I’m always on the hunt for a new dystopian read. However, when I first saw this book, I was immediately turned off by the cover. I didn’t like the white and grey of it, with the shock of blue in the girl’s eyes — it just didn’t look very attractive to me. But the more I look at it, the more I like it, even though I still haven’t read it. I like how the whole cover doesn’t look like a photo, but a drawing, delicate yet frightening. I like the background that makes me think “network” and looks like the inside of a computer chip, and I also like how the blue of the girl’s eyes is also in the tagline. The bits of blue that fall out of the title and into the background add a bit of mystery, which only makes me want to read the book even more.
Body: LEAN & TONED
No Carb Pizza
After my last call on Monday, I hit up Bubbles Liquor Mart in Castle Rock, no less that 20,000 sq. ft. of booze with a moderately adequate beer selection. I picked up a bomber of Alaskan Amber Ale, which for a reason that escapes is somehow a fan favorite according to some locals. It was average at best. I guess it popularity is attributed to its novelty, since the likes of Fat Tire is so readily available. I then began the evening at Falling Rock Tap House, which, by any estimation is the best taproom that I've ever been in. Sixty plus on tap, and an unknown number of rare bottles helped satiate my thirst after a long day. Highlights of the evening included Duchesse de Bourgogne Flanders Brown and New Belgium Lips of Faith Eric's Sour Peach Ale on tap, and an at length conversation with Mark, GABF's assistant Cellar Master, concerning all things beer. That got me primed for a long night of a decent Pale Ale at Rock Bottom Denver while watching Alan Rodgers prove his worth in Green Bay and Michael Phelps winning gold in Beijing.
Original Air Date: November 24, 2011
But some young Muslims said they had gathered to protect the mosque because of a threatened attack on it by a gang from the southern beaches.
8) They thought it was ‘a lot of fun’!
As a Guider I have become a mentor, Brownie Holiday Advisor, District Commissioner, Division GO! advisor, been part of the staff at the Centenary Camp and most recently been a first aider at Charnwood International camp.
Sickness always used to make the disease I have worse. And such was the case the second night of my bout with Typhoid.
If you see something, say something.
The image was so vivid that I've carried it in my mind
1 — Islam is a Totalitarian Political Ideology
Leroy Jenkins is my name, being a space peon is my game.
Grab: your phone cover, some gems, some cutesy bits & bobs (I searched for ‘decoden’), and some (not pictured) decorators caulk (nope, I didn’t know what it was either, raided the garage though and found tons of the stuff, must be important)
Palazzo said the Division of Public Utilities and Carriers supported cable competition within Rhode Island, adding “We do not want to do anything that the companies feel would be negative in the competitive environment.” The three companies filed their annual reports Tuesday, the deadline for doing so. The Journal has asked Thomas Ahern, administrator of the division, to review Palazzo’s decision to withhold the information.
I will step off this thrown to give you a real life wet dream
We were torn between the Wok Charred Rack of Lamb or Fortune Leg of Duck. In the end, we picked the latter since we thought the former may be too similar (dry type) to the Iberico ribs. The medium portion we ordered came with 3 duck legs/thigh which was cooked until the meat was tender and falling off the bone. The gravy was delicious and was infused with the flavours from the Chinese herbs.
Last night I got sucked into Pinterest... again. You would think I would learn to avoid clicking on that web page when I am tired and ready for bed, but I couldn't resist. It was calling my name! My little boy turns 4 next month and wants a Mario Kart party, so I was looking for ideas. Well, I spent less time looking at Mario Kart and too much time looking at everything else. In my searches I came across several of the Ryan Gossling "hey girl" posters. I think they are so cute. My problem is that while Ryan Gossling is adorable, he is not my cup of tea. Don't get me wrong, he is very handsome but there are other celebrities out there that deserve to have their own "hey girl" campaign. ;)
Yet by everyone’s standards, even with all of our knowledge, society is peopled with a bumper crop of failures. We probably don’t have more fools than other nations, but as Jane Addams once said, “In America fools are better organized.”
I used Flourishes lemon tree from "Lemons Life & Love" and the sentiment from Flourishes "Berry Sweet". They work very well together and express my feelings exactly!
Release Date: 16th February 2012
I remember thinking all this newborn stuff (because that’s essentially what Meyer is even though he’s technically 3 months old) was sooo hard when Asher was born. And all I had to do was take care of him. And he was a regular, full-term baby with no issues. And Gabe was in law school and around a lot more than he is now.
Clean-up – $5,000
The star Gliese 581 is a dwarf, about one-third the strength of our sun. Because of that, it can't be seen without a telescope from Earth, although it is in the Libra constellation, Vogt said.
I also agree with the New York Herald Tribune review of Nisei Daughter: Monica Sone's account of life in the relocation camps is both fair and unsparing. It is also deeply touching, and occasionally hilarious.
Rodenbach Caractère Rouge is aged in oak barrels for two years.
Is it real? So how do you know if it's real vanilla. If it's in a big bottle and cheap , it is not real vanilla. If it's expensive it is either real vanilla or it's a tourist rip-off. Since it is expensive, it is more likely to be sold in smaller bottles. Real vanilla has an amber color. Synthetic vanilla is often darker in color. Pure Mexican vanilla, though rare, is still some of the best vanilla there is. Whole vanilla beans may also be purchased. The Mexican vanilla bean is thicker and darker than the Madagascar bean. Look for beans that are moist, plump and tender, not shriveled and hard. It all goes back to reading our labels. Make sure what you are buying is labeled as vanilla, and is labeled in English. There are several recommended top Brands of Vanilla. Another option is to make your own vanilla extract. After researching my options I think that is the route we will be taking.
I know that I want to live with freedom, truth and purpose – and that my work has to fit into my life model. I know that I want to support myself and be financially independent. I’d like to master the art of growing $. I’d like my $ to reach others positively.
I added some faux stitching all the way around with a white marker.
So this is what you'll need to make your own:
The youngest of my daughters was diagnosed (dx’d) with Type 1 Diabetes (hereinafter referred to as “D”) on July 15, 2009. (At some point, I’ll share our diagnosis story, but that’s for later.) Chelle has been pumping with an Animas Ping for a little over 2 years now, & also wears a Dexcom continuous glucose monitor (CGMS). We began this journey with little bit of knowledge & a whole lot of fear. Each day, we continue to grow & learn. We occasionally stumble, sometimes fall…but we always get up again.
It could not be possible, in their thinking that God would set them aside and give credence to the much-hated Gentiles. After all, they had God’s name. The name of the nation was Israel, meaning prince of God. That last syllable, el, was God’s name, Elohim. They were secure for they were God’s own people.
B-Front; ‘My mix will be Raw, but with fealing. I hope that I can transfer all the energy that I put into it, to the listeners. Al the new and favorites of mine will be in it. I hope that everyone will like it!
Make up your ever loving mind........
Moreover, radiocarbon sequence implied that the pottery in Nagsabaran which dates between 2000 and 1300 BC, started before and overlapped with the earliest Marianas dates.
According to Chinese legend he carried a sack of candy to give to children.
We took a DVD to each appointment - it was given to us at the first scan at about 6 weeks. I was able to send images and videos from the scans to my family in the UK. It was the only way they could share in the pregnancy. It was great.
My point is, we shopped A LOT.
Schein, E. H. (1988). Process consultation: Its role in organization development. Reading, MA: Addison-Wesley.
A geography toppled by some
I am pretty unexcited by the droid platform for a 7" tablet, altho I love... LOVE my droid x phone.
I don’t know about you, but I certainly had a busy weekend. Not only was it my birthday (I’ll tell you more about that next week) but it was also time for the much-anticipated season finale of My Little Pony: Friendship is Magic.
Ecclesiastes 2:14
Last night I got to shoot what was not only their 10 Year Anniversary show, but their final show. It was great. It was sad. It was brilliant. Last night was the end of an era for Milwaukee. Bands come and go, but in Milwaukee it will be hard for the newer and younger bands to leave a footprint as big as The Response has. Be sure to check out the video below, and with that, here are the shots from last night… Here is ‘The Response.’
So Payton is having another surgery on Thursday. It will be a bit more extensive because this doctor feels erring on the side of caution is better. After that since this type of tumor (benign or malignant) does not respond to chemotherapy or radiation, Payton will have regular check ups to watch for regrowth or new tumors to form which I guess is a fairly big possibility.
becomes the edge of a flat
After all the wandering around I decided to take a break. I found a bench set at a crossing of several paths and sat down to spin for a while on my new handspindle, the music of the Peruvian band wafting from nearby. It was a great fit for the fiber I had brought to play with, so I was churning out my single without any effort at all. Occasionally someone would slow down to watch and little kids were fascinated. A few people came up to me and asked me questions about spinning which I did my best to answer. The most interesting person was a woman who came to me and had me feel some white fiber in a baggie. It turned out to be Samoyed fur. I can see why people would spin it – it's so soft and has no smell at all.
Product: The concealer is really creamy and smooth. It is not heavy or thick but it does get a bit stiff when applying because it does dry pretty quickly. I believe that’s because the product is waterproof. Once this dries and sets it will not move until you take it off. If you dab this on and blend right away, it blends beautifully! I love Makeup Forever products because when they say something is waterproof, it usually is. Once applied it does not look cakey or dry. It looks very natural and gives full coverage. When I put this on this seems to wake me up…or at least it gives the ILLUSION that I’m awake although I feel like the walking dead. It’s used not only to conceal eye bags but also to brighten the complexion and the eye area. If your eyes are looking dark from tiredness or just from discoloration this helps a lot.
But my dear internet, there’s a fly in my Small Town Ontario Project ointment. Since I do most of my traveling on Sunday afternoons, the towns are already sleeping. The shops are closed, the inhabitants in the midst of their Sunday suppers, the experience is passive. That will need to shift along the way.
Although there wasn’t an audible gasp among the group, there was definitely a visual gasp followed by total silence. I don’t remember who, but someone finally recovered and said, “Why do you say that?”
It has been a while since I sat on one, but I seem to remember it being uncomfortable. I have the Ektorp chaise, and I LOVE it! Oh, and when I see the display in the store, the cushions are so flat and squished. I am sure that is because they get sat on a million times a day...but has that happened to anyone else?
He doesn't mention Christmas, which would have been a few weeks prior to the letter being written. It's absence could indicate his religion as Jewish -- or not. Perhaps the New Year could have been reason enough for him to receive packages from family. It is unclear.
But after spending a few moments thinking about this and doing a mental inventory of all my "things" I finally came to the conclusion that my most unique item I own would be the scrapbook from Cripple Creek dating back to 1913. It really is most unique and interesting and a real treasure. I am sure most of you if you have been hanging around here a while remember this book. If you are new to my blog and don't know what I am talking about, you can read about it here and here. There are lots of pictures in the earlier post of the inside.
And, let them know you have tagged them.
"You are not the Happy Hearts Holiday Club from Bolton, but instead are spacemen in fear of an attack from some other spacemen?"
Political parties have an interesting task on par with any company that is selling a product: they must both work at constructing and protecting a “brand” identity, or rather a set of feelings, values and ideas that the voter or consumer associates with the product. Parties offer voters a package of policies, personalities, values and philosophies, yet when operating in the open market of democratic politics, parties also benefit or suffer from automatic associations that voters make in their minds towards a particular party. Parties will have certain brand strengths and weaknesses and must work to enhance the former and combat the latter. Nanos conducted a rather interesting poll in mid-April 2012 that asked Canadians what words they associated with the five political parties currently represented in Parliament. While the poll specifically asked people to give one word that would describe each party as a “person,” the results offer insights into the brand of each political party. In other words, what automatic associations do voters make towards a particular party?
“Niko, what the feck are you talking about?” I said.
Because the Globe wants you to vote him in based strictly on economics, and actually speaks positively of his character(!). It also spends the first part of the editorial pointing out Harper’s transgressions and labelling them ‘petty’. I’m pretty sure Harper’s Goverment paid for and possibly scripted this drivel, being as it’s ripped from Con debate rhetoric.
"While the Queen's Speech contained some measures that Plaid Cymru welcome, it is disappointing to see that Wales has yet again been largely overlooked.
Peter Cetera - bass, lead vocals
enjoy your friday,
And drunk the milk of Paradise.
Lars Hedegaard is quite representative of a lot of “left-leaning” Danes, myself included. You see, the traditional right-left rift in Denmark is a bit different from your “Democrats vs. Republicans” one. Mainly — I think — due to historical facts, such as our Communist party leading the bulk of resistance against the Nazis during WW2.
I adore this. The only drawback is that it has a green undertone, so the only color it can go, really, is chartreuse, and I already have a chartreuse tunic. It's completely different style, though, so that's OK. I'd like to go for purple, I think, but I don't know that that would work. It would if I got it really dark, but I don't particularly like really dark purple--I like a deep-but-bright purple (Procion MX Grape). So I'm still thinking about that--I wouldn't mind a russet but don't have that color dye and am not going to order dye this summer if I can stand it. I'm wondering if I could live with it this color. I want to--I'd love a sort of blank canvas--but I know myself well enough to know that neutrals are going to bug me after a while. And if I start embroidering it, I can't dye it--the DMC floss is cotton, so it will take dye, and if I stitched in, say, purple or pink or rose and then decided I wanted to dye it green later on, that stitching would look hideous. Ahhh, the complicated life of an inveterate dyer. . . .
Well Howie, there are some autistic listeners and readers of your show and Herald columns and I as for one a bit tired of you making the whole EBT and “welfare” (as he simplifies it) all evil.
Now I want to rejoice with those of you who have come forward tonight because from tonight forward by the grace of God I will be praying for you, very soon you will be receiving miracles that there must be somebody praying for you, so I am going to need your name, your address, and your prayer request, the counselor are around you, they will give you a card to fill, fill the card very quickly and then submit back to them.
However, the lack of accurate cost and revenue predictions played a role in LSWR decision-makers’ mind-sets when approaching the SDR takeover. Firstly, they had believed from as early as the 1840s that traffic and revenue would always increase irrespective of the state of the economy (as I prove elsewhere in my Phd). This fed the belief that territorial protection would always put extra traffic onto the LSWR’s system, which would
We're so excited to have one of our favorite roommates, Lynn, here today for a reader submission. Lynn blogs over at 200 If We Can Make It and we have really loved getting his feedback on many of our style questions here on the Duplex. He has helped us through many style slumps and we hope you'll help him through his style predicament.
Personally, though, I do think monotheist desert religions are just lots of bad news—religions are fascinating to me overall because they are all mythologies, just stories—but some are still believed, however. And the desert monotheists just seem to want to start trouble…
There you have it, cleaning and baking...two things I do the most. Happy Monday!
“Nothing to say but thank you for letting me hear you sing, Baby! “
I wish that I never have to deal with, see, hear, or experience another run away situation ever again.
Spread grated potatoes evenly on griddle (if you have a small griddle only do small portions at a time for a light layer)
These authors didn't set out to write series when they started. Like so many of us, they just wanted to get a book published. Crais confessed that in his outline (cringe!), he had planned to kill off Joe Pike, but when it came time to write the scene, he couldn't do it. And he's very glad he couldn't.
(50 cents per legitimate comment during March goes to The American Cancer Society by sponsoring Mrs 4444 and Lucky Lady in the Race for Life.)
It seems you all liked the photo that should not have been taken on my last post. My husband has decided not to give me any advice on photography from now on. So to all of you..... THANK YOU! ;) Abby x
I think we’ll continue to see non-legacy news outlets rise, some broad-based, others niche. Whatever you think of The Huffington Post, The Daily Beast or even Gawker, those sites have large followings.
Saturday, February 18th, 2012 was a day filled with a roller coaster of emotions, love, and celebration. We celebrated the birthday of my cousin, celebrated our engagement, and celebrated the life of a family friend who passed away earlier in the morning after a long battle. A friend, who undoubtedly left this world fulfilling God's purpose by impacting those around him through his kindness, love, and work ethic. It's a moment where life reveals how crazy, exciting, beautiful, and sad it can be, wrapped into one day.
This is ridiculous. First I wanted my Garmin to arrive so that I can stop binging. Then when the courier emailed to say it would be here today, I started panicking because it’s such bad timing. I managed a couple of hours of sleep yesterday afternoon, but other than that I haven’t slept since Friday night, and even then I only got five or six hours. None of which would matter, except I have a two-hour exam in twenty minutes, and two 2000-word essays that need to be printed on the Spawn of Satan (my printer) and handed in 2 miles away by 7pm.
This guy is a singer and part of the sensational kpop group BigBang, and his 1st arrival in Family Outing made me quite interested to watch the series. He came in with such messy looks, small eyed, messy curly hair, but has always put on smiles on himself and the people around him. His knack for making fun became twofold when partnered with his hyung, Jae Suk as Dumb and Dumber, where although his IQ is 110, but with Jae Suk, he will always be Dumber. Funny, cheerful, enthusiastic and full of teen spirit, he can always carve a smile on audiences of all ages.
That being said his mother and I are now prepared to pursue any and all avenues of remediation in this matter.
Imagine how large such a database would be today!
Stamps:Fabulous Florets
3. I could eat Japanese food any day of the week
catch you all later :D
Words for inside frame
Day 1 - All about style (yours and Jenny's!). Discovering and developing your own style of photography and hearing about how Jenny molded hers. The Class will ajourn outside for a portion of the day to watch how jenny shoots, engages with her subjects and poses them, and work with light to create her shots. Time will also be spent on this day working on editing and processing photos to give your photos that finished look, as well as plenty of opportunity for Q&A throughout.
The polish I used is Essence You Belong To Me (the name of this polish always reminds me of Lenny Kravitz and his beautiful song I Belong To You).
But, as I have also argued in the past at least with the Co-op, there is the possibility of exercising control and supervision. There is no such possibility with either the State Pension, which Governments tinker with at will, or with worker's company run Pension Schemes, which in reality just provide cheap finance for Big Capital, and as Panorama has demonstrated, a massive easy earner for those Financial Institutions who exercise control over them.
1. Run to the other half of the lake, and save your shoes, but not make it to the child in time.
I don't feel bereft now I'm out of work. I'm not depressed. I don't desperately need the company of others. I haven't lost my confidence or my sense of self-worth. I still think I'm better than those bastards. You know who they are.
People often say that if there is a cryptid in a lake why haven’t more people seen the creature and more often as well. If the body of water is anything like Lake Windermere, I can fully understand why this creature would be so rarely seen. Unlike North American lakes, access to the shore around Lake Windermere is extremely difficult. True, there are a number of piers from which you can board tour boats of the lake, but most of the shoreline – particularly at the southern end – is inaccessible.
Total Loss: 14 pounds
break free and set your sights high…
Happy New Year to you and yours!
Stitch around the top edge (I backstitch over the elastic for a total of three passes over it). Flip, press the edge and topstitch. Sew on the button and close up the inside lining. Fast. My husband asked for one immediately and I think most of you would agree that is a wonderful feeling!
barring entrance like the spectral angels
I am very much into tent cards at the moment, so I thought it would be nice to make one with a cross aperture. I have had the cross design for a while, and until now have just cut crosses to use as embellishments, but thought it would be good to adapt it to make the card with.
still haven't figured out how to convince the hubs to take pictures of me
Find a contact in the local agent to see what are the standard features for your car, and see if these are being mentioned as accessories by your clearance guy. E.g. Alloys are standard for most Honda cars, but not for Toyota. However the clearance guy will see if you are aware of this, if not say the alloys are optional and that you have to pay taxes, and he can save you 50% of it by bribing
Every year I plan on being on top of things so that I can have all the work done ahead of time and then relax and actually enjoy the holiday season. More often than not it plays out in pretty much the exact opposite fashion. A few years back I didn't even get a holiday card out...it ended up being a Happy New Year card.
Media practitioners strongly rejected the draft law, maintaining that nothing less than independent self-regulation is acceptable to the profession.
Followed by wine and canopés
But don’t judge on what you see,
15 Ali Pang
No more.'
Thin handle paintbrush or wood skewer stick
A couple of posts back, I mentioned that we were starting to get serious (finally hallelujah) about putting our house on the market. Well, I'm pleased to say that we're making actual progress in that direction.
There’s not much I can mention about Jules Indiana that he will allow me to write here. Lets just say, he keeps his social life private. We jokingly say that he is the conspiracy theorist in the group. I’ve argued with him a countless number of times about writing him in the blog. Actually, Jules doesn’t think I should be writing a blog at all. I feel I’m pretty careful, and he hasn’t had a problem with anything other than the time I wrote about what happen on Buster Flowers’ boat. Maybe that was stupid.
6:00 p.m. Arrive home.
Codecs are often designed to emphasize certain aspects of the media, or their use, to be encoded. For example, a digital video (using a DV codec) of a sports event needs to encode motion well but not necessarily exact colors, while a video of an art exhibit needs to encode color and surface texture well.
“A man could fall in love with you for various reasons. Strangely, the same person could fall out of love for just one single reason!”
Bye, bye traditional nightstand. If it holds an alarm clock, it works in my book!
"The chairs are nice chairs. I never had such a nice chair at the other place. The tables are kind of smaller, but they roll don't they? I'm sure they roll."
Briefly, this was my October:
...Yeah, I know what you're thinking...And no, i don't need help.
Hope you all are having a lovely Tuesday!
Hollis has been known for a long time now as the birthplace of hip-hop, but despite my pretty eclectic interest in music, particularly music of a variety of cultures, I haven’t warmed to hip-hop.
3 Sum Eats entices find us for lunch today at both St. Mary’s Square with OTG from 11-2pm, as well as our lot on 246 Ritch Street (Lunch Box) from 11:30-2!
Their mission at Vibrant Fitwear is to provide high-quality, high-end fitness fashion. When your workout clothes make you look good, you feel fantastic, and before you know your workouts go to the next level! Their fitness wear brands are for active women who want exercise clothing to make them look good and feel amazing, in and out of the gym!
Josh: Okay, but you don't know how to fly.
Opportunity is one of a pair, with the older brother Spirit (which landed on Mars about 3 weeks before Opportunity) now incommunicado since 2010. These rovers have so vastly exceeded expectations that they must surely go down in history as one of the best value space missions ever conducted. Although capable of stunning panoramic photography, these rovers are much more than just a camera on wheels. Equipped with a range of spectrometers, they are able to perform geochemical identifications of the samples they investigate.
The second drawing (on the back) is a floor plan that includes a dining room, a guest bedroom, a bedroom for her aunt, a bedroom for her grandparents, a bedroom for “our little family of four”, a small snack room, and a loft and bouncy house in the attic. There is no kitchen, but there is a cafeteria in the basement (which is not pictured.)
This feeling weakened a bit the other day. He pulled me aside in the hallway and said: “Now that you’ve had a couple days to think everything over about what we talked about.. I hope we’re okay.” I, of course, assured him that: “Yes, yes. We are!” And he nodded, smiled, and pulled me into a hug, responding, “Good. Cause I wouldn’t be happy if we weren’t okay.” So yeah. I think I can safely put this case to rest, and restate my first angry letter to something a long the lines of… “DEAR SIR. Stop being so fucking confusing. We’re cool. But goodness. “
Eyewitnesses said they were found by a local fisherman and the victims were believed to be fishermen too. The bodies had been lined up and appeared to have been executed with firearms. Two cars were found in the vicinity with open doors.
And I finally started on my Dear Jane Blocks - 3 done - oh so many many more to go.
YouTube is a free service that lets people post short videos. Users can create a channel to house multiple videos, and other users can subscribe to the channel, tag videos within it, and comment on them in text or by posting a video reply. In most cases, users can embed (insert) videos on their Websites without the poster’s permission, thus providing a free source of content for their own Websites.
(Chekhov, 1903)
16. Violent Onsen Geisha - "Scream Rock Balloon"
I searched my entire pantry and i don't have a single milk chocolate bar!?! Only 60% and 99% bitter chocolate.. So in my desperation (or shall i say laziness..because now that there is a huge shopping centre near my neighborhood within 10mins walk and a 24hr supermart....ok..maybe one of my major distraction for not baking too..i've been shopping all the time.....lol!), I decided to mix 70% chocolate bar with milk chocolate. I can't remember what was ratio used as i just eye-balled it. Turned out quite good..maybe it's still a bit dark but just the way i like it. :p
The CYDA Team
Holler and shout
It doesn't matter how stupid it is, if it relieves or impedes boredom, people will do it.
I JUST WANTED TO LET EVERYONE KNOW ON MY MOTHERS FRIEND LIST, THAT SHE PASSED AWAY THIS MORNING 11/09/07 FROM CANCER. IF U WOULD LIKE ANY INFORMATION PLZ, PLZ FEEL FREE TO CALL ANYTIME. IM HER DAUGHTER MY NAME IS ELIZABETH DONT HESITATE TO CALL ANYTIME OF THE DAY OR NIGHT
April 1, 2012 11:00 a.m. ET: Exclusive: Mashable CEO Conan O’Brien Steals and Tests Apple iTV
It's not a bad thing. It is merely different. You will see. And if you are right, then I shall see. But you must let me grow what I want, Adam, otherwise we will only come to grief....give them a chance. See if they will flourish.
It was an enlightening discussion in many ways. I finally understood what STC's (Small Technology Credits) were and why they were so important for reducing the cost of installing solar. I also discovered how grid-connected solar is meant to reduce your electricity bills. I was glad to have the information explained with diagrams so I could ask questions. All the information I read previously started to make sense.
Abbott urged the Supreme Court to reject the request for a stay, asking that the execution be allowed to go forward as planned.
In the previous example, I broke the first rule of writing—show don’t tell. “She was beautiful” is classic telling. Here’s how to show she was beautiful:
The beautiful row of zinnias was yanked after they blackened in the hard freezes we had this past week. I did collect a LOT of seeds and will be using them in next years "Wall O' Zinnias"!
NAMA can be re-jigged, as outlined preceding, to facilitate provision of home-ownership finance by a process of internal financial engineering and securitisation. Such activity need not be confined to instances in which NAMA already owns the subject dwelling or building land.
8. Stuffies. We paired them down the best that we could for our garage sale, now we have to store the rest. Love the idea of using one of these Strapping Totes, in red, exactly for that purpose!
‘Vital interests’ in Libya
The path served as a seemingly endless rift between the two forests, it was unnaturally straight, but there was no evidence of a man made aspect to it. The ‘path’ was actually just a clearing that was shaped like a path. Sparse patches of grass dotted the way, but most of it was covered by a thick earth soil.
Today Chibicon was held at Gloria in Helsinki and I went there with some friends. I’d originally planned to wear a new cosplay but schoolwork stopped me from getting it done in time so I just dressed up a bit.
Features he had so bright and vivid.
A 2009 Pew survey found that 63 percent of Americans believed government should take care of those who cannot take care of themselves. But that number fell to 48 percent when people were asked whether government should help the needy even if it increases the debt. Nearly two in three Democrats, 43 percent of independents and 29 percent of Republicans agreed with that statement.
Immigration of non-Europeans is bound to lead to the creation of colonies by people who want no part of the indigenous way of life. At its extreme, we have the example of Israel. Established as a land for the Jews after the Second World War, (a war of their creation), Israel is the perfect example of how incompatible peoples relate to one another. Palestinians have lost their homes; their culture has been trampled upon; their land has been stolen; their women have been raped. Funnily enough, these truths are ignored by the UK media.
Luke 9:57-60
your angry tower
It's just a reason for someone not to try
Where to begin? I suppose I should start with March 7, 2011 and go from there.
4. Then, say something along the lines of “I forgive and release you and your actions in all directions of time NOW! I am no longer willing to carry any pain or negative thoughts or feelings about you as I recognise they are about you, and not me.” You may wish to burn your letter or if you are doing this verbally or in your mind, you could light a candle. It is also very healing and cathartic to go to the beach and do your releasing standing on the ocean’s edge! Throw a symbolic item or your couldron ashes into the sea and watch them float away. You are releasing negative energy away from yourself. You can also visualise the angels taking away your letter or issue to heaven, knowing that your prayers will be answered.
Available in Kindle format – 580 KB
I used springy colors for this one and am going to do one in fall colors and, of course, an Alabama wreath is on the horizon. Christmas should be an easy one, too.
I googled, and I found gold...
I am sorry to say that Peter was not very well during the evening.
Does your company host a regular event that combines socializing with raising proceeds for people or organizations in need? If so, please share your thoughts. Thank you to all who participated in this year’s event.
I got the evites sent out. All of my Dad's brothers and his sister live quite a distance from my parents. 2 out of 3 said they were coming. Both my mom's brother, who lives out of state and sister (who lives minutes from my parents) as well as her 2 kids and their family/significant replied they would also be in attendance. Every thing was going perfectly.
After going back and forth in my mind for a bit, it hit me that, if I were truly trapped underground, there are few things that would make me feel better, and many of the things that I value now would seem banal at best. I would be separated from my family for several months, not feeling the sun or rain on my face, in fact not feeling the weather at all.
In "Canadian Patent Prosecution ; Compared with U.S. Patent Law, the Differences Are in the Details," Marcus Gallie and Fraser Rowand write for the Fall 2005 issue of The Patent Lawyer that the novelty question in Canada is whether the subject-matter of the invention has been disclosed "in such a manner that the subject-matter became available to the public in Canada or elsewhere."
stamped with the 'Time is a Companion' words and then Heat embossed with UTEE for a lovely glossy finish. The clock was also heat embossed with UTEE.
And remember, your “pot ‘o gold” may be right there in front of you, all you have to do is look for it. No matter what, the luck of the Irish, or better yet YOU, will be right there next to you where it should be.
I want to share ideas, but more importantly, I HOPE people share ideas with me.
"She says she wasn't giving me anything for it. She said it didn't matter, even if I didn't break the seal on the box. Once I bought it and walked out the door, it was mine." Walmart called police to look into it, and they said the woman's story wasn't credible, so no refund. The counterpoint, of course, is that a shopper could buy an iPad, take the box home, make the substitution, and claim he/she was cheated and ask for a refund. The most commonly suggested preventive remedy is for the consumer to open the box on any expensive purchase before leaving the store.
(Mother stops looking t her mirror and turns towards her daughters.)
There's been talk—a lot of talk, mes auteurs—about the shift from print to digital media in the book publishing industry, both in a general sense and on this blog in particular. E-readers are becoming more ubiquitous every year; more and more books are consumed electronically; physical print runs are getting smaller and smaller.
“They also spread germs by placing them in fodder and drink. Thousands of soldiers, as well as horses and cattle, died as a result of Dilger’s germs. At last Dilger revolted against his mission of silent death. He was murdered by German spies a few months before the end of the war. Could it happen here? It did happen here!”
½ cup white vinegar plus 2 litres hot water in a bucket and a clean mop will clean up all but the worst floor. If you have a really dirty floor to deal with, add a squirt of homemade laundry liquid to this mix.
And now, the Winner’s Circle. The lucky eVIP to win this week’s random drawing for a free 10-application Custom Kit is Nicolle Vasquez of Pico Rivera, California. She’ll be watching her mailbox to see what beautiful surprise we send her. As always, we encourage our Winners Circle members to post their experiences on our Facebook Fan Page once they’ve had time to play with their new makeup, so that all of you get the benefit of real feedback on the products. Not an eVIP? Sign up now on the website.
Hadley, MA ♦ At The Hartsbrook School Farm Camp, children will take care of goats, sheep, chickens, bunnies, cow and a very friendly donkey named Francesca. Learn how to milk, collect eggs from our chickens and feed the baby lambs. Enjoy traditional crafts like candle making and weaving. Have fun in the kitchen baking bread and making cheese from our very own milk. SPROUTS: ages 4-5 1/2 YOUNG FARMERS: ages 5 1/2-12 CITs: ages 13-15 4 summer sessions; June 18-July 16 (no camp week of July 2) Cost: $390/week. $40 Sibling rebate. For more information and to register on-line: www.hartsbrook.org
Someday, they will call You Savior
Ah well! it is all a purchase, all is a prize.
When five young Muslim-American men were captured in Pakistan in December 2009 attempting to join up with a terrorist group, it was no surprise that they were quickly linked to the Dar al-Hijrah mosque in Falls Church, Virginia.
He met a pilgrim shadow --
With pity as we mourn.’
AVAILABLE AT:
nuvoTV is available in major markets including Los Angeles, New York, Miami, Chicago and San Francisco / Bay Area, as well as all 15 of the top 15 Hispanic DMAs. Major distribution partners include AT&T U-verse, Comcast, Cox, Dish Network, Time Warner Cable and Verizon FiOS.
Della Rovere talks plans to strip Alexander of his papacy, as Micheletto listens outside the door.
For most of us, though, how could having a stroke, being paralyzed on one side, and initially losing nearly all of your speech capacity, possibly be the grace of God? If such a thing happened to me, I know I’d be extremely pissed off at God, and asking questions like, “What about playing guitar and piano? Or bicycling? I mean, I teach movement and dance for crying out loud!”
If you want a fast game, have only a few Dreadskulls... want a long detailed game, simply add more.
we made our rounds about the produce section, and about the time we passed the bananas, this whole sitting in the seat, being well behaved thing had just about run its course.
1. Smear peanut butter onto the sofa and jam onto the curtains.
Flex circuit boards usually are the most cost effective method for electronic packaging interconnection. They give you a variety of benefits from stability, weight and design features. To avoid the above mentioned faults could go a long way in assuring an outstanding device starting out.
He said condolences have reached his family from across the globe.
Action Speaks Louder Than Words (3:16)
This poem is the key to the others in the sequence and will prompt a re-read, which of course is the best praise poems can ever draw.
He also needed to change the ownership of the car. Slightly different out here to the UK.
Bake at 350 for 20-25 mins, or until golden brown. Let stand 1-2 mins and then invert to plate.
'Chased By A Roman Gladiator'
I have a seperate one in my Christmas Wrapping paper box, so I dont forget it on one box or the other and have to go up in to the attic to get it for January birthday gifts.
School of Rock is a comedy movie, which was released in the 2003.
Crafting Mum in the UK
The fourth; he broke into a roar;
Me: Because...because it's exciting, and it's beautiful.
Nathan, as usual, sensed jaws dropping and guessed what had happened.
Of the people interned during the war, there were not only Japanese, but also Germans, Italians, Hungarians, Romanians, Bulgarians, etc.
After the keynote, attendees will meet by “interest group,” such as adult discipleship, youth and family ministry, children and family ministry, midweek Bible study leaders, hospitality leaders, etc.
The common thread is the following: we are rich and powerful. We want more wealth and more power. Our desire for wealth and power is more important than the need for food, water, wellbeing, freedom, autonomy, self-governance of thousands over there somewhere. Who cares! Let’s take it. It looks like the monopoly game played at the expense of thousands, millions…, who are, right now, dying of diseases, refugees trying to find some water and food, our fellow humans being killed and tortured, while we slowly drift into another hot bubble bath, with a glass of champagne, enjoying the beauty of life.
2 cups vegetable, peanut, or canola oil
Such a shame that so many are happy to abrogate their time on this Earth to self-serving people who care nothing for them, and never will.
Him: Moondogs game tomorrow? (The Moondogs are our local baseball team.)
Next is a layout done for the Sketch and Scrap group I belong to and it was my turn to choose the sketch this month and this gorgeous sketch from Page Maps is the one I chose.
So, here is why Plan Bee Swarm Catchers Group was created… remember my comment about problems = opportunities? Here are some opportunities in disguise that we are looking forward to:
Second) I'm living with my friend Andrew. I have moved out of my parents house, and now live in Provo. At the end of July, the contract for their current place runs out. So we have been searching diligently for a new 3 bedroom place (there are 3 of us)
Luke records and interesting account of Jesus walking with his disciples on the road to Emmaus. It was Sunday, the very day that some had seen the empty tomb, but they didn’t recognize Him. Jesus basically asks “why the long face?” and so they described how the Jews handed Jesus over to the Romans and that they crucified him. Then in Luke 24:21 they say “Yes, and besides all this, it is the third day since these things happened.” (cf. Luke 24:7 “on the third day rise”).
* you could even embroider the name of each member of your family on a napkin and every year they have their own napkin- this would also make a great gift for your mother/mother in law if your whole family is going to their house for christmas!
Gruyère
Realistic: Be realistic, unless ofcourse you are Justin Bieber or Lady Gaga. Getting liions of fans and thousands of retweets isn’t practically possible. Size of your business plays a big role here. Your first objective should be to nuture your community, develop some brand awareness and get the conversations going. Aim to make stories around your brand which your community enjoys. If you are doing that much, you will be exhausted at the end of the day – but it will be rewarding.
Can’t join us in St. Louis?
The Gateway seemed to open into a whole new cave, dark and vast, lit fitfully from below, until Rel realised he was looking up at the ceiling of the Abyss. Well, he should have expected that; it was after all the only place on the other side of the door that Rissad had either seen or been before. The other end of the Gate had to be in the floor of the ledge, a difficult enough proposition to get through without Rissad's injuries. Rissad met Rel's worried frown with a raised eyebrow that eloquently underscored Rel's lack of better ideas.
Robert DiForio (IP) d. Joe DiSalvo 4 and 3; Dennis Meduri (IP) d. Niall McGeever 4 and 3; James Sullivan (IP) d. Steve Romano 4 and 3; Brendan Doran (IP) d. Joe Kelly 5 and 4; Thomas Taylor (IP) d. Brian Chambers 5 and 4.
The highlight of our December was Grammy and Pa coming to visit. The fact that my dad doesn't exactly do airplanes combined with the fact that we had quite a bit of stuff we were hoping to get here from the States led them to drive cross-country to visit us. We were glad to see that blue van pull up with Mr. and Mrs. Clause inside!
Traditional dish based on a combination of potatoes, cream, onion, sliced ham and Reblochon cheese. Served with salad.
"Talk to me about Africa and my black roots and my kinship with my African brothers and I'll throw it back in your face, and then I'll rub your nose in the images of the rotting flesh.'
7 doll
Write it up in 150-250 words (so short)--for the blogfest portion anyway—we want people to be able to read a bunch of these without too much burden. Keep the traditions in mind, but we are judging on entertainment value--which we enjoy most, not how realistic it is to make a best seller. We want people to laugh. WE want to laugh. (so consider those rules more like guidelines, really)
Silence hangs heavy. Selfishly I’m more prepared for grief than eviscerating abandonment. But slowly I have to face facts, this time, unlike all the other times, he isn’t going to call. And he doesn’t.
Now if that weren't enough already, I'm throwing in a huge assortment of crafty goodness. The pile was so big I had to take more than one photo. A Scor-It Mini, Prisma cardstock, Asian bookmarks, brads, bling, stamps galore!!! You name it, it's probably in here
Me: ...so we ran to the store, then talked to his dad about the results on Skype.
There is a newness to January 1, though, and that is the newness of a new day. Unlike the year, each day is a new beginning. You wake up, and for a second everything is untouched — like new fallen snow — and you almost believe you can be anyone you want to be, do anything you want to do. Then the truth hits you.
Then this morning I saw these. This is the work of Janet Bothne.
You say neether and I say nyther;
Example: I want 4 out of the 6 slices to have pepperoni. On the red piece that says 4/6, write pepperoni. I want 2 out of the 6 slices to have olives. On the red piece that says 2/6, write olives.
I text you these words
Anheuser-Busch, Inc. Shock Top Belgian White
This British band actually started in London back in 1967. The only member of the band that has been with the group through their entire history is drummer Mick Fleetwood. The name of the band is a combination of the names of bass player John McVie and drummer Fleetwood. The band was already using the name Fleetwood Mac in an effort to entice John McVie to join the band, which he did a short time later but not in time for the bands first concerts and release of their first single.
Fabric Used:
When I was with parents, the birthday would start with visiting temples and payasam. It has been months since the gods saw me in their pavilion or I wished them a morning. I have some idols here at the home in Ernakulam and I worship them daily and apply the bhasm considering it as a Prasad by the temple. You will not believe that this post is in the draft zone for nine days with me deciding whether to post. Laziness has no medicine though baldness could have one.
These are valid questions, but they kind of make me smile because – the last time I checked - we do live in the real world. We do use media, read real books, and talk about actual news. We’re really careful about the images our kids see, knowing they can never “unsee” them. But, my husband and I don’t subscribe to the greenhouse style of parenting. We’re not attempting to hide our kids from the world, sheltering them from the reality of a fallen, sinful humanity. No, we’re working to prepare our children to enter that world fully outfitted in the armor of God, with a purpose and a goal. We want our kids to serve the Lord with all that they have. We want them to be aware of the results of the fall, and ready to offer the antidote – Christ crucified for our sins and risen again.
“If she were my own child I would have taken that fucking computer and Sidekick away a long time ago,” wrote the administrator, presumably Stone. “If you had your daughter’s best interests at heart, you would put an end to the ‘Kiki Kannibal’ fame that is obviously so unhealthy at her age.”
Anyway, as I said, I started this post on Thursday (I has started the cards then btw), Friday busy all day; Saturday I didn't go to bed until about 4am as I got carried away working on the in-laws card, which involved playing with my Cricut Expression machine for the first time since I'd had it back in March!!! So, because I went to bed late, my sister arrived before I was up. We went to the My Craft Studio warehouse open day which is down the road from me - we met Nancy Watt, Stephanie and Diane Peternall there - it was funny because my sister was a bit 'star struck'! She had a chat with them and they were prepping for a show this Wednesday where they launch a brand-new CD (which I've already bought, being a platinum member of the MCS Club). Plus there was this most phenomenal product on sale which hasn't been on C&C yet - so just because I'm not sure whether it's a secret or not, I shall not mention the product but after they've launched it, i'm going to rave about it!!!! Needless to say, I bought it... So, that will be on at 9am on Wednesday so i'm going to watch that.
Here you go:
Even though the third chakra is drives our personal power, when balanced it is the area that helps us to realize that …“The highest form of personal power is found in surrendering your own limited power to a Higher Power and asking the Universe to direct your course.” “…we might ask the Universe for what we want, but we should never presume to tell the Universe how to deliver it.” Pg 97
It is the unexpected things that are the key to the importance of this trip, the fact that the coconuts started to sprout, suggesting that this could provide the hope of sustenance in a new world, it was the quantity and ease of the fishing that sustained the travellers throughout the trip, it was the fact that the navigation proved so effortlessly in their favour, that all suggest that such heroic adventures were not beyond the ability of man so many years ago.
Stand in line,
Active Defensive Measures
but a different one -- the little engine that could.
When I’m sixty-four!
ESSENTIAL VIEWING
I had the ribs which were so tender that they couldn't be picked up by the bone as the meat just came straight away and I was left with a clean bone in my hand! These were smothered in BBQ sauce. Just perfect.
In this poem I can picture the poet sitting and observing the room around him at a funeral home. The flowers from loved ones blur into flowers on the wallpaper, the thought of tomorrow with the deceased absent and the words “thank you” strike me. Especially when the next and final three lines are about people waiting, perhaps waiting to join the deceased in the afterlife. Here the wake inspires the poet to observe his surroundings and contemplate the idea of people waiting their turn to view the deceased one last time or perhaps waiting their turn.
till the call came..........
“They're quietly engineering a revolution in marketing.” “So is it working?” is the question that the article poses. Instead of sales data, they give us a quote from some executive director of something or other. Nonetheless, the stock price has been growing nicely so I guess it is fair to assume that sales have been good.
"Since 9/11, the United States has made it clear to Pakistan that we would pursue bin Laden wherever he might be," the official said. "Pakistan has long understood that we are at war with al-Qaida. The United States had a legal and moral obligation to act on the information it had."
As my every whim they pledge
So Leviathans are Walmarting mom and pop stores in Portland and Lucifer is on a constant "Stairway to Heaven" loop, 50 times and counting. Poor Sam!
Guess who's the Guest of Honor at the New York Building Congress's 91st Anniversary Leadership Awards Luncheon, to be held 5/10/12? None other than Bruce Ratner. Tables start at $25,000.
● “Totally Irresponsible” outtakes
Here's the video clip:
In preparation for Mother’s Day, my daughters have been sneaking home crafts and cards for a little over a week. Immediately after our welcome home hug, I hear, “Don’t look in my backpack, Mom,” or “There’s a big white paper in there that you can’t look at, Mom!”
Meanwhile, the latest series of The Apprentice looks tired and struggles under the weight of its tinkered-with format (they’re not looking for an apprentice at all…), so I think it’s time to go, or have a revamp.
OK what I was actually getting to before I seriously went off on a tangent, was this morning when I awoke, the first thing I thought about was all the fish in my house and mentally I went from room to room and realised my obsession had spread much further than initially diagnosed. Laughing hysterically to myself like a true looney, I grabbed my camera and embarked on a tour of my house to capture as many fish as I could find.
This also means I'm not home to cook every night, which I was kind of getting used to before I agreed to do the show. Monday night was my last night off before I plunged into a week of rehearsals, as well as being the last evening of a three-day weekend, so I wanted to make something special.
And for the grand finale a luscious Chocolate Brownie Cup with Chocolate Ganache, Carrot Cake with Cream Cheese Frosting and a Shortbread Cookie with Toffee Crumble.
So this is my scheduled test.
In the early 1960s, America’s top military leaders reportedly drafted plans to kill innocent people and commit acts of terrorism in U.S. cities to create public support for a war against Cuba.
“I don’t know what I saw.”
And now she has me blogging in rhyme.
That made me smile. I do hope you will give them a try. I think you just might agree. That would make me smile too. ☺ Delicious, easy and the perfect choice for a family pleasing supper any time of year.
Saaz at 2 min
“Do you have a boyfriend? You can tell us as friends you know” – pitfalls in the stomach.
The flowers are made out of Dr. Pepper cans. I very carefully cut open a couple of cans and ran them through my Vagabond with the Tim Holtz Tattered Florals die. I then used alcohol inks to color the petals. I had two glittery brads that were too bright. I toned it down with some distress walnut stain.
Posted early for the early birds. Leave links to you work in the comments and I’ll be sure to take a look (I’m inquisitive like that!) And don’t miss out, check out Chito’s work, link’s below. Good luck and keep up the good work!
Has the spring weather been fabulous where you are? It has been incredible here! Last weekend we got our little garden planted....holy cow, that is not for wimps...I hurt all over Monday & Tuesday! Gardening is hard work!!!
Progressive talking points!
‘And we cannot remove the game without causing a contradiction. So we are trapped here, unable to leave our playing.’
- A pencil
I estimate the market share of this product to be a minimum of 60%, with
Why can't we live in bliss?
I reach back lord
Coldplay - Green Eyes
Do you ever feel stuck in the monotony? Perhaps, like myself, you've been feeling like your in a bit of a rut. Just pedaling away at the day, the list, the tasks, and before you know it, it's time to go to bed and prepare to do it all again.
Which is why it was a tad embarrassing, I suppose, when I got my first ever sunstroke in Terrace, BC, Canada, as opposed to Mangalore, India :) But that's a story for another time.
When we were young and just starting out in life sometimes we did not have a lot of money. Most of our friends were having to stretch the dollars at the end of the month just like us. My girlfriends and I decided that we would pool our food for some of the evening meals right before payday... the last week of the month. I have some of the fondest memories from those days. We would all bring our food together and we had some great food and great fellowship. We would get the food on the table and everything ready, someone would bless the food and then the hostess would say "come fill your plate".
As it were, Heynckes’ superior squad shone through and they will play Chelsea in what promises to be a superb match at the end of May in their home town of Munich. However, this page sees it as a massive shame that both Ramires and David Alaba will be suspended, preventing a battle of rampant energy down the flank. It is time for FIFA to change the 3 yellow card ruling.
5. Colleen Lindsay at The Swivet
I had a marvellous time despite my nerves. I was a little late (Hammersmith Flyover trouble) and in the queue to leave coats, noticed that Ian Rankin was standing behind me! He addressed the audience later, talking about his history with Orion and how just that day he'd signed another two book deal with them. He was one of the very first authors to sign with Orion when they set up twenty years ago - and everyone's done very well from that deal!
Sense About Science managing director Tracey Brown said the current libel laws had had a ‘bullying and chilling effect on discussions about health, scientific research, consumer safety, history and human rights’.
She tries not to smile “Are you Crazy!!”.
Jones stressed that the new direction of the state’s air industry would be seen on all levels, from the conversion of Hawai’i's high school tailbacks into linebackers, safeties or tight ends, to the mandatory arm amputations of the University of Hawai’i's current running back squad, to the newly proposed “only fades, posts and post-corners allowed” rule the state plans to push through for the 2007 NFL Pro Bowl, traditionally played at Aloha Stadium in Honolulu.
This set of events is likely to become highly involved, in a technical sense, moreso and more widely printed than heretofore and APR will continue to keep up on events. And continue to consult Meredith Angwin and her band of experts as required.
How’d it go: I spent all day helping my mom move, so I skipped out of the lift. Normally I would still do at least part of my lift, but since it was a lot of manual labor and it was my light day and not a heavy one, I decided the moving would suffice for a light workout to say the least
For starters Cole has been up since 5:30 am just because. Logan is on day two of Thanksgiving vacay, he is off until next Monday. And I pretty much cleaned my entire house today after being sick all weekend.
If I'm able to gt back to running by the end of the week, I'll hit 2 of my 3 milestones...200 miles since starting to run and my first double digit run. Wish me quick recovery and luck!
I printed the image off 3 times, once onto white card and twice onto patterned paper. Once I had Die Cut round the white image I used the pattern papers to decoupage up the flower to give it dimension, then added some fabby little chocolate coloured candi as the centres. The leaves were printed onto another piece of white card, coloured using Promarkers and again decoupaged up.
So I snuck away from Blogland for a few days to enjoy time with a lovely guest and look what happens in my absence... A Liebster Award! I was very kindly nominated by two wonderful bloggers - KL from eternalicons and Mellissa from Down Ruby Lane (thank you ladies!).
In fertility world terms I am now on the "2ww." The dreaded two week wait. The blood test is already scheduled and that is when I'll find out for sure if I conceived. Waiting is most definitely the hardest part but I hope it'll be worth it in the end. This is probably the last blog post you're going to get about this for a little while. Regardless of the outcome I will need my own personal space and time to deal with the result. If it's negative I'd rather not have everyone email or text me how sorry they are and if it's positive I will be a paranoid maniac until the first tri-mester is over and I'd rather everyone not be overjoyed until we're in the clear. Such a fine line, this pregnancy business.
The glass slipper effect (Rudman & Heppen 2003) - This is the final study of my recent posts on stereotypes and discrimination. Here we looked at how a female gender stereotype develops, and how romantic fantasy (aka how I view my partner, how they view me) can negatively impact ones career. Essentially, the more “traditional” a person is with their partner, the lower they will aim. That is, a female with excessively traditional views will aim for a career that pays less, has less prestige, and requires less education than a female with non-traditional views of their partner.
If you can't tell, the tighter curls will look more like this:
It can’t be denied that the sports world feels the great loss of someone like Junior Seau, a true superstar, model athlete, and NFL great. His death is one that the entire world of sports will feel and it just shows the harsh realities of the world we live in.
Is today your time?
Tsubaki probably had Shinzo hook-line-and-sinker had he not called into question his samurainess. The words stung Shinzo deep, and made him remember his master’s teachings. The fact he burst his own second-to-last blood ball was particularly badass, and it made sense why he did it – Samurai only have one life to give; and his only two options are to win or die. So with the teams tied at one victory apiece (complete with victory rock that reminded me of Queen), Switch volunteers for the shoot out with Daisy in a dark warehouse.
So now it's your turn.
Ultimately, my favorite shows are the ones that take me into a whole world, whether it be Seattle, Washington, Harlan County, Kentucky, or Pawnee, Indiana. And I think it was very smart to set WKRP IN CINCINNATI in Cincinnati.
Employers are required to make a risk assessment to decide what the hazard levels are and how many employees are involved in the area to be covered.
MAS is expected to take corrective action in October. But the immediate solution seems to be crossing our fingers really hard. Let’s all sit back and think happy thoughts, and pretend inaction isn’t part of the problem.
I sat in awe through the Voices of the Year- a handful of bloggers picked for their amazing writing in the last year. Women who stood on the stage, making us laugh or slaying us with their words.
He jammed down his Akubra, he was ready now to ride
I was thinking about how you claimed that you know so much more about being in a relationship because you’ve been in so many, while I, on the other hand, have been in a lot fewer. Does having 20 failed relationships make you more knowledgeable of what a good relationship is? You couldn’t get it right 20 times…isn’t that a more telling story? I’d rather have my track record (of fewer failed relationships) than yours. Any day in this lifetime and in the next.
We are looking forward to our next show, probably in the spring. Here are a few pics from our spot. If you look closely, you will see some of my finished projects.
While not garnering the critical acclaim that some of his earlier novels did, this book kept me totally engaged, wanting more, and Conroy stays on my favorite author's list.
As a photojournalist I've been in many tight spots and when it's your own life on the line you just take risk as a given. In certain situations you expect danger. But when you're out for a walk on a beach in Belgium, taking pictures on a clear afternoon, you don't expect to be plunged into a life and death situation.
There seems to be little room to move on the second count — excess credit growth — either. Bank credit to private sector continues to grow at about 20%, about 5 percentage points ahead of nominal GDP growth.
Gently I closed my mother's eyes. An immeasurable sorrow flowed up into my heart and would have
Well, the left has been very successful, which is hardly surprising. Britain is a very small country, it makes up less than 1% of the worlds habitable land mass and contains just 1% of the world population. It also has a no questions asked welfare state, which enables immigrants to live far better lives than in their former countries. When such a comparatively rich, generous and tiny country invites the impoverished billions from the third world to enter, then it can only expect to be swamped. Which indeed it has been.
Let me, a guy who has marketed for giants like Pepsi, Pizza Hut, Sears, American Airlines, Pearle Vision, Sonic Drive-Ins, JC Penney, Sprint all the way down to home-kitchen based confectioneries assure you that, yes, it WILL work.
11 days left. Less than 240 hours. That’s how long I have to create a 45-page screenplay. This is because I really really want to complete the Script Frenzy challenge. I kind of wish I had heard about it earlier but now that I know, I’m determined to write. I just hope I can do it.
Why you ask?
Buying food from the grocery shopping list he texted me resulted in a cart filled with white sugar, white flour and red meat.
Henderson – Almost ditto both of the above. Paid way over the top.
those elegant "l"s (latitude & longitude), developed an
prayer requests for this week:
(and thank you for listening! now i'll go be a better mom, shew, needed that rant...)
After reading an article about your city and your prosecution of a woman for growing vegetables in her front yard, I am shocked and embarassed that this can happen in America. With all of the green initiatives that municipalities are pushing these days, this woman should be held as a model. Furthermore, your staff is an embarassment, especially with his statements that “suitable” means “common” according to his dictionary. He must have a completely different dictionary than the rest of America. As a matter of fact, the vegetable garden meets the very definition of the word in so many ways.
I say:
***Cookbooks were provided by Fisher Nuts for this giveaway.****
I have helped in so many ways and I know he appreciates every thing and every penny but it's just not the same as being able to physically visit and give him a hug when he needs one.
The bold in actuality rides the homesickness bandage absolute well. There’s just abundant old or remixed Mario music and complete furnishings in there to admonish you of the earlier games, and there’s just abundant newer-sounding accepting to anticipate the accomplished affair from action shameless. In short, the audio is accession one of the game’s abounding top points, complete affluence of abundant complete furnishings (both old and new) and the accepted arrangement of emphasis you’ve arise to apprehend from Mario.
Anyone with such an outstanding reputation is not easily replaceable in a young democracy such as South Africa. Tertius Smith, the managing director of Fitch Ratings in South Africa, says financial markets love Manuel because he has always delivered the goods.
Cordovan
Bobette Vanstee: I have been using this Dual XR4115 In for 1 week now. Nice built quality.
Insiders have confirmed that the payments from the Ting Pek King connected company Borion Enterprise Ltd into Chia’s accounts are indeed related to the timber concessions granted to Simon Ling by Yayasan Sabah and to Simon Ling’s management of Chia companies, of which he is the effective concession-holder.
Words by Lucianna See, from her poem “A Farewell to Jesse”
The next one came from Darlene of Chicken Scratch Farm--baker extraordinaire. This one is stitched onto a beautiful black and white embroidered fabric with a lovely sheer fabric underneath......
Those who fall away permanently are not saved people who lost their salvation. They never were really saved in the first place.
When it comes to The Hunger Games, I didn’t read the books. I saw the movie mostly because I had friends who just wouldn’t stop talking about it, and in order to prepare for it, we watched Battle Royale, since we knew that the two had similar themes. As in, both are about the concept of “wouldn’t it be awesome if a bunch of kids murdered each other”. It’s a completely novelty concept, and I’m pretty sure that in both cases it’s like that purely for shock value. Neither movie presents a real reason for it that made me feel like it was necessary. Battle Royale came closer, as the kids have to kill each other off to set an example for the rest of the youth of Japan, who have become so ridiculously unruly that murder is the only option for whipping them into shape. As silly as that was, it was even worse in The Hunger Games. Just from the movie, I have no clue why it was being done. I think in the beginning they mentioned that a war in the past kicked it off, but they glossed over it so fast that I didn’t catch the details. That was probably an instance where they expected me to have done my research and read the books. That’s crazy in my opinion, as I think movies should be able to stand on their own. General concept is a tie; they’re pretty much the same in that regard.
Cobra which is in the holding of the
Its not an outrageously glamorous project, but it makes a huge difference when the area looks neater and less cluttered. I also tried to "face" the books, or keep them close to the front edge of the shelf so I will be less tempted to shove junk there. :) Oh, and did you notice some of my cute tins that I mentioned in this post? Yup, they are on display there, too. I love how this shelf came out - I had just a few books that I needed to put in front, so I made it a neat 3 layer-type of effect:
Well, you have a great argument there, self-doubting part of my brain, but I spent some time watching YouTube videos of adult gymnasts the other day, and I have rarely been more inspired. I saw a 41-year-old doing level 7/8 tumbling (that’s 7/8 out of 10, so, pretty darn good). I saw a 23-year-old who hadn’t trained since she was 11 doing level 10 beam work. I saw a 31-year-old who had never taken gymnastics before progress from barely being able to do a forward roll to doing cartwheels on the beam. All of the videos were impressive, and they gave me some significant information.
The second half of Noble gigs are starting to become a bore I’m afraid, as he methodically works through these 'gifts' – and the rest of the audience loses out on 45 minutes that could have been filled with good material. And of course, each time he does it, he seals his fate for the next time he returns to the venue, as those who see it this time plan to get in on the act next time around.
16-Flee-Rekkers - PFB (Phil The Fluter's Ball)
I also realize that being the MOM makes me the FUN TAKER.
*For non-Australian readers, “ocker” means a very Australian type of Australian guy. Broad Australian accent, a bit rough around the edges generally. A beer and footy type. I like beer and footy too, but I’m more likely to be swept off my feet by a man with a good grasp of grammar and punctuation. Sad but true.
Put in a bowl the eggs and sugar. Whisk for 4 minutes, until they catch some volume. Keep whisking while you add the sunflower oil, Orange Blossom water, orange zest.
There's an article I assign nearly every teacher prep class I teach: Richard Skemp's “Relational Understanding and Instrumental Understanding,” Mathematics Teaching in the Middle School, September 2006 (A reprint from a 1976 article for the British Mathematics Teaching.) It's a bit of a tough slog, but touches on such a fundamental teaching issue, that I always get new things out of rereading it.
Sweet Mother is updated daily. If you want to follow this blog, you can do so by clicking the ‘follow’ button at the top right of the page.
134. Being able to love, comfort, encourage & pray for friends in their time of need (just as they did in our times of need).
* Start cleaning out your disastrous hall closet and find a cosmetic bag that was given to you years ago that you never used because you are perfectly fine with your
From a personal point of view, I like Pinterest. I put up various boards (eg. Favourite Travels, Food & Drinks etc) and categorise the beautiful pictures I see online. Visiting a board is like visiting a world of happiness – basically you get to see all the things you like across your screen at once! Of course the sad part of me rings a bell that there are so many things I wish to have/visit but have yet to be able to do so. But the joy of looking at all things pleasant far outweighs the sadness. It lets you live in a dream, even if for a short while. This is what it does best, that other social networking sites have yet to provide.
SB310 goes beyond being some of the toughest laws in the country…It’s unconstitutional, puts people out of business and is actually a BAN on Private Exotic Animal Ownership, with the exception of those with USDA permits…AZA, GFS and ZAA…and no replacing an animal once it passes. AZA, GFS and all others are ALL private ‘country club’ organizations and in reality, GFS is another H$U$ organization. More will be coming demonstrating how GFS sanctuaries can be HELL on EARTH for the animals…owned by hypocritical fanatics.
I will order the book and I am also reading this blog on an individuals story about his square foot gardening project. Enjoy.
By looking at the varying shade of the files you can easily tell which files are there since the creation of the country and those added recently. This is so depressing, at university library at least we had colorful tags at the books to capture our attention, but here its the unlimited white, gray and brown layers of files.
It was a peaceful night when Barrett and his daughter were driving home… then something happened. Something sinister.
Last night in a Bible study this subject of why kids have no respect for the things of the Bible came up. So I asked the 15 men present, how many of you read a Bible story to your children every day? How ’bout once a week?. The answer was, none of them. My next question was this; Then why would you expect the schools to do it? Followed by this one: Do your kids think God is real and important to Daddy?
We need to wait out this correction before we commit any money to the market.
Wasted day - in total two images part coloured and tried a new skin combo for my Promarkers that I didn't even feel went together so well. I do wish I could get the shading right on faces!
True words seem paradoxical.
"We will prove (test) them herewith, to see if they will do all things
Emily: “He might be willing to sacrifice himself for Amanda. I’m not willing to let him.”
McCarthy BJ, Berendes HW. Pregnancy outcome investigation for the 21st century. Peadiat Perinat Epidemiol 1997; 11 (Suppl. 1): 2-4.
I was having trouble in the long and dark
And let’s not forget the support service of this terminal: street vendors with a variety of fast moving merchandises, from tissues, fried bananas, meat balls and noodles and cold drinks and the sweet and colorful es campur.
“Ask him for the PIN,” says Jae. “You’re the one who speaks English.”
Its all so easy,
I head home around 9pm most days (7 on Saturdays), though I tend to stay a little late at night to help clean, or to answer questions from my students, put away my materials, and sometimes do a little prep for the next day. While I have been cooking more, recently, I still tend to pick something up on the way home from the convenience store. I'll tell you more about my cooking experiences soon. I spend my evenings catching up on internet stuff and generally relaxing.
I love you, Mana. This is so surreal. I cherish my memories with you forever. I promise to always say "I love you" clearly and meaningfully just like you did, and when walking with a friend, to stay on the same side of posts so as never to let anything come between me and a friend. I am thankful for your example to me of how to be intentional. I'll love you forever & I'll see you in Heaven someday.
The day finally arrived, I remember sitting on the couch and overhearing the welcome at the door. Nerves were settling in, I always hated that part of meeting someone for the first time. He turned the corner and we looked at each other. Gulp...my eyes went up to the tall good looking man in front of me, those blue eyes, that dark hair and then settled on the best prize of all.... he was holding two huge shopping bags of serious party food...chips, cupcakes, cookies and....I knew I had met the man of my dreams and had the best friend in the world!
“While some seek to inflame Muslim-Christian tensions, Nigeria’s ethnic and religious diversity, like our own in this country, is a source of strength, not weakness,” he added, “and there are many examples across Nigeria of communities working across religious lines to protect one another.”
16-Sinner's Prayer
The following method gives you complete control over how, where, and which parts of your selected posts are shown.
My bartending life began in 2002 when I moved to Bristol for university. I started working some bars and got into cocktails and flair. Worked several bars in Bristol including consulting several more and training numbers of bartenders. Competitions came and went with results including 1st place Angostura/ Haymans mixology comp 2007, Prepare To Flair @ Roadhouse 'Most Entertaining' 2008 and a sponsorship deal with Bacardi Brown Forman and Bottlegreen. Nowadays I organize the events and recruit the bartenders, scouring the country for competitions and shows selecting only the finest young talent to join our team.
As an awakening to the dynamics of purpose.
“You will have to leave your human form. I can’t ask you to do that.” she said.
At any rate, I will no longer be a Stay-at-home mom anymore. I'm about to enter the crazy life of a working mother, so I'm hoping that some good material comes from this new direction. Maybe my blog will be better than ever! Wish me luck. ;)
3.) The power of telekinesis .
So now you know where my head was. Sort of floaty and swirly but drowning and heavy at the same time.
we’re ready to party
littered with blossoms and the bushel baskets
Who is there left in the UK who trusts in any shape, form or the slightest way the financial services industry in this country?
Rapture, praise, and endless worship
Based on the two main things I have learned from Mitt Romney as a bishop in the Mormon church and CEO of Bain Capital, I have stumbled on a sure fire, high profit business model. A paradigm shift in investment grade financial instruments which can make us all filthy rich, but will NOT damage the environment, or break any existing laws.
And our children will be the inheritors of the “Brave New World”, many years after the fabled year 1984.
Continue all the way around with that row. Start the 2nd row (medium sized yellow petals) about 1" inside of where the first row petal edges are. I think I got a little overzealous at this point... there aren't any pics from this step.
I introduced my first sample of my Digi Stamp, "Paisley" on my blog "Horse Krazee". Paisley is my first series of Digi Stamps and a real please to create. Although she is still in the designing stages, I really think you will enjoy her. Please share my blog with your friends, it is going to be lots of fun.
When choosing the efaucets coupons that you wish to acquire, it is worth to note that they are matched with images of the products that you will be purchasing. This allows a shopper to visualize what they wish to buy and at the same time access the efaucets.com promo code within a very short time as compared to brick and mortar stores which require time to visit, look around and actually access any coupon they may have for special offers.
I wonder what this year's word will be?
So for me personally? I will always recommend getting an at-home fitness system. You can even get multiple systems (like P90X2, P90X, Insanity, & Turbo Fire) and still not have spent as much on a gym membership!
- Traincase ($14.99) Similar to my last Eco Tools Traincase post, just with the new design.
The project to improve/replace SNATCH was always separate to FRES. The Generals stressed the urgent need to replace the ageing fleet of Army Fighting Vehicles as a whole when voicing their concerns over delays to FRES.
The challenge of how best to show their clothes is inspiring more and more designers to spectacularly creative flights of fancy. Peter Jensen's collaboration with the American artist Laurie Simmons produced one of the most enjoyably bizarre—and bizarrely complex—presentations to date. Jensen's Spring collection was inspired by a monograph of the artist's work. He made scaled-down versions of his designs and sent them to Simmons, who photographed them in the surreal dollhouse environments she's known for. These images were then blown back up to life size, and the whole shebang was installed, appropriately enough, at the Institute of Contemporary Arts, where live models walked in the clothes in front of Simmons' pictures.
We had arrived in Flagstaff, Arizona (a nice little town in the foothills of a mountain) the night before. We used that as home base for our visit to the South Rim. The drive was about an hour and half, and we spent most of the day there. Kyle picked up the Junior Ranger packet, which kept him focused as we walked around.
“The rule of law can be wiped out in one misguided, however well-intentioned, generation.”
“However, once the soldiers felt compromised we agree that there was no other reasonable course of action,” the verdict said.
long eyelashes.
I can't recall whether I've ever come outright and said it on the blog, but I'm a foster parent. Oh, and did I tell y'all that I already have 3 kids? Ah hunh. Yep. Okay, back to the foster kids. So yeah, we recently welcomed a new boy into our home, and boy oh boy do we have our hands full!!!
01. Take The Long Way Home
What is the plan to get readers from the page to actually buy the books?
Welcome to Day Three of the Waltzingmouse February Release Previews. I hope you are enjoying all of the Design Team's previews thus far :)
The film explores eternal questions that rise up in young lives: Jenny asks herself about the importance of passing her exams and going to Oxford are echoes of thoughts other teenagers have. The contrast between David, his glamorous friends and lifestyle whose education was at the 'university of life', and the 'boring' life led by Jenny's English teacher and headmistress who both had degrees is marked.
Paul Monaghan, Red Bull
"Americans, he found, tend to take pride in doing things in a big way. But they had no interest in fighting a half-ass war like this one."
City striker Sergio Aguero twice went close in the opening period, volleying over and then shooting wide.
“There’s no way any of our sources were paid £1,000 a week,” he told me. “We had upper limits — nowhere near £50,000 a year.
Michael Bedard
I wrote to that agency and received forms to fill in, but it wasn’t without any costs . I think it would have cost me around 300 or 400$. I didn’t have that money to spare to be honest, so those forms stayed in my cupboard.I received my medical records, but I didn’t learn much except for that my birth mother was seventeen I think and what my birth name was . Knowing what my birth name was did make me happy, at least my birth mother named me.
"I gotta go," after Making out with him for two more minutes.
It caught the poet's imagination too. Many subsequently joining the International Brigade. Many were determined to fight for Spain, to the inernational cause of solidarity. Unfortunately as the war progressed many became confused and dissullusioned by certain divisions that had begun to set in. Communists became more intent on destroying Anarchists and Trotskyists instead of standing together against the fascists. A problem that continues to this day with members of the left fighting one another instead of our common enemies. We have a lot of lessons to learn. Complex ideas were fiercely fought but all who stood up against fascism were heroic and worthy of respect, their cause in my opinion just , a flame that will never die, sharing principles of brotherhood of man and a sense of justice, driven by political and humanitarian convictions.
I know that many home sewers, even those who own modern machines with built-in buttonhole features, still love the old attachments and the quality of the buttonholes they make. Some keep an old straight stitch Singer on hand solely for the purpose of making buttonholes! These old attachments are super-dependable, can handle many different kinds of fabric with ease (more fragile fabrics may benefit from stabilizer, of course), and last forever.
Hope you all had a great weekend! I for one did until...yesterday...I woke up with my head splitting and my leg hurting and today...my head is still throbbing but not splitting. I did however accomplish some organizing goals and managed to make my own lip balm....which I ADORE!
CHOICE TO NOT INFORM AMERICANS OF A PLUME OF THIS KIND…protocols of zion relevence. We don’t even understand the true language they’re still using anymore with all of the double speak. not a drill. moving the microwaves. knowing recorded and shit comes out with foia the taxes pay for bombs and covers for industrial accidentrs. how much approx for japanese infants in fukishima evidence presented here. ‘plume gate’ DOA LEGIT?
Four playoff teams, two division champions, and the World Series winner.
9. Slankets, yes or no?
James Wilbanks, executive director of the Oklahoma Teachers Retirement System, which has largely stayed with stocks and bonds, said that pension funds were obligated to take a cautious approach. “We all heard the stories about institutional funds that had more than half of their assets in private equity in 2008” and then had to sell, he said.
Back in my bedroom I head to my box of tricks- a white wicker basket containing my toiletries. The first thing that comes off is the remains of my make-up. I use face wipes. The pink ones by Johnson & Johnson to be precise. They are by far the best- lovely and wet when they go on, but quick to dry without being too drying… if you know what I mean. I know that face wipes are frowned upon by the beauty gurus that be but I love them. So there.
My heart did backflips it was so happy. I could not stop smiling and freaking out. I cried. I was so overcome with joy that it was just the most amazing thing ever. I have wanted to see RENT on Broadway since I saw the movie in high school. I immediately thought of Haley and was like "oh I have to tell her!" She was so excited and jealous because we both LOVE LOVE LOVE RENT. And the best part of all of this? It's on our anniversary :) He remembered me telling him months ago that he would one day have to see it with me and he went searching for tickets.
If I am honest, the answer to that question for me is a resounding yes. There is a certain amount of shame that is associated with my answer to that question, but the truth is that there have been times, as recent as a few years ago that I felt that God had abandoned me. I am a person that believes in God and has never doubted the existence of a Higher Power. I am a Christian. But there have been circumstances in my life were I have felt so alone and abandoned by everyone…even by God.
Wall Mart…
Gives me a slight tingle, a concealed smile
So combine this weird hypothyrodism bullshit with the whole root canal drama from last week (that continues tomorrow with Part Two of my dental appointment), the fact that I busted the FUCK out of my arm by falling into my nightstand last Thursday night when I got out of bed in the middle of the night to go pee (I mean, y'all should SEE my arm...it's sick), all of the weird shit going on at home, and the fact that I have to go to fucking JURY DUTY next week when I am waaaaaaaaaay too busy to be out of the office right now, and I am one gigantic ball of stress.
As you may recall this is Marvel’s second crack at a Hulk movie: the first one came out five years ago, was directed by Ang Lee, was rather overpraised by your correspondent at the time, and did rather indifferent business, probably because it was slow and talky, and the Hulk didn’t really start doing his stuff until the last forty-five minutes or so. The decision to do another movie may well come as a bit of a surprise then, but only to someone who’s forgotten the enormous name recognition and strength of the Hulk brand. (And it took Stan Lee two goes to get the comic right back in 1962, so it would be churlish to grumble.) This time, Marvel aren’t taking any chances as this is machine-tooled to be an absolutely mainstream blockbuster with some jokes, a proper bad guy, lots of stuff exploding, and absolutely no lingering close-ups of clumps of lichen growing on rocks.
But recently I received an email in which I was asked to help someone not as a clinician but as a scientist. The person in question has a publicly open blog and youtube channel so I don't think he would mind me posting this; if he does he is free to ask for its removal. The body of the email is essentially the same as the blog. I also want to make clear that my goal is not to make light of individuals who may or may not have a disease of the mind, but to bring attention to it.
It's a Long Way to the Top ( If You Wanna Rock'n'Roll )
Mom came over to the house today for a Mother's Day lunch. Tom cooked salmon and chicken on the grill and we had a couple of sides, along with dessert: Whitey's Ice Cream Mississippi Mud Pie! It was a beautiful day: sunny and 70 degrees. Not a lot of wind, just a great afternoon to sit out and enjoy the nice weather. We bought each other a planter of flowers. Mine is a mix of little cream/yellow colored petunias and purple lobelia (always purple something!) and I got her a planter of a mix of a bunch of plants I didn't know what was all in there but it was pretty and looked easy to take care of. She has a green thumb more than me and it will look good on her front step.
If things don't work out at school, as seems to be the case for more and more children...homeschool. Or suck it up until age 16 and get a GED or go to Tech...my son is doing that without a GED or high school diploma. We don't teach to kids who learn hands on. We teach to the science/math majors and fail the rest. Look at these 15 successful people who were labelled "learning disabled". Seems they may have been "school disabled" because they did pretty damn well for themselves. They made the cut because of who they are, not in spite of it.
“What’s wrong?” they ask,
Here’s the background: We were showing one of our houses this winter and we had three prospective tenants show up and fill out applications and they all looked good. We offered that house to two of them, one accepted, but we thought another house around the corner would be a better fit for the third. We took her there that night and showed her and she liked it better, too. Two birds, one stone. My day was made.
I’m not sure where the image above originated (I first saw it in the Mayan Factor), however, it’s another arrangement of the 260-days of the tzolkin. I couldn’t say with any confidence what the significance of the black days are, however, it does help to figure out patterns intrinsic to this calendar. For one thing, if you read the numbers for any given glyph across the above image, the numbers alternate between two progressions. In the last column, the first, third, fifth, etc columns progress 7,8,9,10,11,12,13 the second, fourth, etc.. 1,2,3,4,5,6 – this is true for any glyph (although the starting numbers differ). There are a number of numerical patterns to be played with (not to mention Franklin’s magic square).
We have had some questions on what constitutes a claim. Should you report a potential claim when you get that nice letter from the EEOC or a request from the US Department of Justice to respond to a complaint?
Let’s start with this: Know your family history.
“Income support to renewable electricity generators last year cost the consumer £1.5 billion, over half going to wind power, and by 2020 this will be around £8 billion a year,” he said.
The Fire
Anyway, these ads for the "Strange Change" model kits from the early 70's were something I had forgotten about completely. It must have been well over 30 years since I saw these ads and thought about them! Or course, I never owned one of the kits; if you've read this blog much you know I kept my collecting to things like books, magazines and comics that could fit flat in a drawer, for easy hiding and quick packing. But that didn't keep me from reading and wishing!
12 I'll Cry Instead
I do. I like black beans, but I was mainly thinking of the antioxidant value the black beans have versus blackberries. Antioxidants over no antioxidants, I’m going to choose the antioxidants. Black metal and blacklight...So what’s the best time to listen to black metal?
A breath of life flew through me,
Will definitely keep you posted!
Leaders engaging with all sectors—public, private, non-profit, citizens, and others—to develop effective, lasting solutions to public problems that go beyond what any sector could achieve on its own.
It would be sad, but not at all surprising, if the Embassy went to red plastic cups instead of the nice, 20-ounce pints it now sells.
I love that none of these are over $20. I've had good luck with footwear from Target but I think that's because I'm realistic. Sandals are fine to get cheap, you won't run into the same issues are you might with cheap enclosed pumps or boots. They don't have to be real leather and it's nice you don't have to worry about them. I've had good luck with the Converse and slippers from there too.
On the flip side, a blank sheet of paper is an open invitation, whispering of untold fulfillment to be had with simple action. It’s a promise waiting to be filled, a journey, a path yet to be discovered, a story never told awaiting its own unfolding. The only thing involved is a bit of risk, a chance taken that might, or might not, go somewhere. Might lead anywhere. And that anywhere is what stops the action necessary to proceed.
We also road gobs of rides-Soarin', Mission: Space, Spaceship Earth, and many, many more! Epcot also had a lot of character meet and greets, but I'm going to put all of the characters in a post by themselves.
When in years gone bye nine bells would toll
“Uh…….”
And so while I am powerless in a way
So, I made a call to the broker who represented the seller, and he stated without question that his clients had no intention of leaving those items, and we were happy to pursue them through legal means if that is what we wanted. I was dumbfounded! Here we were, a week before the close, and the broker of record for the seller states this to me? What was going on???
