Our Etsy shop name is "Happy Days" and at the moment only includes some very cute knot dresses (like the one below) but will eventually include pillow case dresses, ruffle pants and headbands, among other things as we create them. I hope you'll stop by and check it out!
I have often asked myself the question, “What do I do when I’m tempted to sin?” It’s an important question considering the fact that we live as sinful people surrounded by other sinful people in a world where the devil is craftily seeking to lead us away from righteousness. In the many moments each day when temptation is bearing down on us, we need to know what to do in order to remain faithful to our gracious King. But this question should not be left alone, we should also ask, “What do I do when I’m not being tempted that will help me when I am being tempted?”
Gary Leeman
Yesterday, the 25th March 2009, in just one Northern town the police arrested FIFTY suspected Asian Muslim paedophiles who have been involved in the racist sexual grooming and rape of young, underage white girls.
so when he suggested that we go to the bars downtown, I was up for it.
Molly, you may want to interview your son and his friends for the intro and possibly outro of this podcast. I really liked both the market research notes you submitted, and the interview with your son. Having young voices on this podcast would serve as a powerful connection with the audience.
I can not fall into the trap of looking at my circumstances or trying to figure things out on my own. I can not make my own strength my God.
Hello Friend,
I also planted a large hill with squash and pumpkins dividing the area. Just three seeds of each.
Something khaki, safari like... a dress or a jacket... casual but with a touch of military... always works and a favourite of fashionistas in Paris....
I’ll let you know when I get a response.
ME THINKING: Deja vu!
And at this point, I want to make room for all the possibilities in between us living together right now and us never speaking again.
I have survived layoffs several times now, but there's no way to survive when your entire department for the county is getting laid off.. What I don't know is when. I don't know if I will be a part of the first group to get laid off in a few weeks or the second group in a few months.
It also enabled me to start the season of grilling, beginning with turkey burgers and this delicious, basically made up Asian coleslaw.
Oh. Wait. I googled it. I haven't been spelling it wrong.
But to my horror, I STILL couldn’t find the phone.
4 What started you blogging in the first place? When I went to Korea for a year to teach English, it was my first extended period of time living abroad. I wanted to document my experience there.
No matter how much me may try to hide
not romantically...
While looking through the mystery and suspense section of the book aisles at Value Village (a Goodwill-like thrift store,) I came across a set of books that were smutty and cheesy looking in that perfect way. They were just some second rate Jame-Bond-type suave- cocky-guy-fights-international-super- evil novels, but the cover photos and titles were so of the genre they should be used as teaching materials for those wishing to learn more about this exciting, dynamic literary style.
The orange owl is from South America and is supposed to be good luck. A good, well-traveled friend gave it to me and I keep it over the ashes of Caj and Miska.
SMALLER SPACES REQUIRE A “CLEAN CANVAS” TO START – I WOULD START WITH NEUTRAL UPHOLSTERED PIECES AND THEN PILE ON THE COLORS AND TEXTURES. I AM A FAN OF LINEN OR A BRUSHED CANVAS – THERE ARE GREAT NEUTRAL TEXTURES OUT RIGHT NOW. DETAILS LIKE NAIL HEADS CAN ADD FLAIR...MIXING AN OLDER ANTIQUES ADDS A TEXTURE ...AND THEN USING YOUR ART, ACCESSORIES AND TEXTILES TO BRING COLOR TO YOUR ROOM – A STRIPED RUG, A TEXTURED PILLOW OR STACK OF BOOKS CAN ADD COLOR WITHOUT TAKING UP TOO MUCH SPACE.
At the inquiry on Wednesday, Mr Murdoch could not recall the occasion and it was missing from the first minister’s voluntary declaration of meetings with media executives.
Dear Co-workers:
Sticky buns and cream puffs on the bottom. Yum and yum. And yum. Yum. I had two of each. On the top is something called "high hats." I called them gnome hats. There's cake and cream on the inside, covered in chocolate. I lost track of the yums. I should really be ashamed of myself. I'm not, though. In case you were wondering.
The reviewer appears to be unaware that the Farmer’s Almanac is printed roughly six months in advance. So, the 2014 almanac to which David refers in The Journal’s first entry would have most likely been published in mid-2013 when things were still “normal”, i.e. books being published, the electrical grid up and running, etc.
You are an outgoing and expressive person. You always speak your mind, and you're very approachable.
R.T.
"The projected revenue shortfall is due primarily to investment return experience averaging 5.5 percent per year over the last decade that was significantly less than the long-term actuarial assumption of 7.5 percent," Milliman Inc. consultants said, according to the report. The study will be formally presented to the $152 billion plan's board members April 12.
There are two mounts you can get at Hengstacer Farm from Will Peartree:
Building community
What do you like most about the 2000AD?
In his diary entry for September 26, 1662, Michaelmas Day, Samuel Pepys noted, I sent for some dinner and there dined, Mrs. Margaret Pen being by, to whom I had spoke to go along with us to a play this afternoon, and then to the King’s Theatre, where we saw “Midsummer’s Night’s Dream,” which I had never seen before, nor shall ever again, for it is the most insipid ridiculous play that ever I saw in my life.”
As far as mommy/daughter dates go, this day has reached the top of my list. The weather was a little warm but with my favourite redhead it was totally bearable.
Hope you all had a wonderful weekend? Mine was so so...I came down with a horrible head cold..or what my doctor called the crud! I was pretty much sleeping all day Sunday and Monday...now I'm on medication and hopefully be good as new soon!
The trouble with ghouls didn't stop there. The casket of John Vandemaur (what the guys had been hired to get) had already been removed from the family crypt. A little investigation led them to another crypt with the sounds of jazz and poetry recitation coming from within. Stealthy scouting by Diabolico revealed a number group of young ghouls who not only had the casket they were looking for, but were in the company of the missing debutante, Sue Ann Wylde.
As always, contact us for any furhter information.
Kettlebell 25lbs
Egg Salad Recipe:
These are taken at various points along the journey; I kept darting ahead a bit and then letting it overrun me before darting ahead again. You can see in the last couple of shots the sort of horseshoe shape the storm was taking on; here's where I think it began to evolve into an HP, or "high precipitation" type supercell. An HP supercell is the type of storm that produces rain-wrapped tornadoes that are hard to see; very frustrating for photography, of course, but usually far worse for the people in the path of such a storm, who often don't realize there is a tornado bearing down on them until a split second before they're sandblasted by debris.
I use a systematic combination of speech treatment approaches in my own “oral placement” work. I generally begin with a “bottom-up” method where we work on vowel sounds, then consonant-vowel words, then vowel-consonant words, etc. I also capitalize on the speech sounds a child can already make. If the child can say “ah,” “ee,” “m,” or “h,” then we can work on words or word approximations containing these sounds. I use a hands-on approach where I gently move the child’s jaw, lips, and tongue to specific locations for sounds and words (if the child allows touch). Imitation is usually very difficult for children with autism, so I begin saying/facilitating speech sounds and words in unison with the child. We then work systematically from unison, to imitation, to using words in phrases and sentences. This often requires weekly speech therapy sessions with daily practice at home and several years of treatment.
Now, he searches online sex ads, sets up meetings with girls in a hotel room as a would-be John, but when they show up he doesn’t arrest them. Instead he tells them he wants to help, offers to connect them with social service agencies and where possible arrest their trafficker.
6 eggs beaten
In 1974 an oilfield and platform in the North Sea was named after the Norwegian pagan sun god of “Odin”.
There was nothing particularly wrong with them (I wanted to try something a little lighter for races), which is one of the reasons I still use them. The NB 480′s are now my gym shoe. I lift weights in them, spin in them, take group fitness classes in them, cross train in them, and most importantly run on he treadmill in them. They take a beating because I use my gym all the time. Still, no worse for the wear. A year later and plenty of use and they are still reliable, usable, and comfortable. Thats a good shoe.
Accountability is one of the largest factors once you have written your goals. It’s great if you can find an accountability partner. Pick someone to mastermind with or who you are sure will hold you to what you say. If you don’t have anyone like that, just tell everyone you know “I’m going to travel europe in 2 years” if you tell enough people, they will start asking you what you are doing to reach your goal, they will check in on that. Making bold statements always holds you accountable.
80 to 84 points (= Recommendable)
There was a nice stack of rocks to climb just on the other side of the wall from camp.
1. If you do not file by the deadline, you might face a failure-to-file penalty, if you do not pay by the due date, you could face a failure-to-pay penalty.
Heeeellllllloooooooo Blog Readers!!! :) Be VERY proud of me today! :) I have done a day of almost solid work!!! (which is quite an achievement considering that Wednesday is the day when I have the fewest subjects ;D) I haven’t actually stopped all day really, everything I have done has been rushed, and timed carefully to the nearest minute! I did have to watch some TV today, because otherwise that builds up and blocks other days of revision. So, let’s quickly run through my day, cos I’m tired and I don’t want to still be here in an hours time ;)
3 cups corn kernels, scraped fresh from the cob (*you'll need 5-6 cobs. I only had four and had to add some frozen)
The Australian Police. This is one group of people for whom I have all the time and respect in the world.
we get what we choose
Loughton Town Council
To which Norbert Muhlen replied:
Had a pretty good storm blow through this evening. Lots of tarantula downpours. Lightning, wind and hail.
09-Phantoms-Limbo Rock.mp3
Well after working on my original layout as seen in the last postfor 2 of the scrapbooking nights, I decided it would just do my own thing on the last one. I had one more photo from my childhood that I wanted to get done, so went to work on it. As my baby brother, David was wearing an outfit with a 'sailor' theme to it, I thought I would use that as the theme for my page. So using the beautiful Stampin' Up paper (Nautical Expedition) & stamp set (The Open Sea) (see Ann Craig Independent SU Consultant)
It started in the days just after I arrived home: the serious jet lag. It took me almost a week to get over that aspect of traveling and back onto a normal sleeping schedule. Thankfully, that week was a lighter one for work, since a few of my classes didn’t start until THIS week.
to commit you to a paper prison where
Liberals – be they political or theological (they’re invariably the same people, for what it’s worth) – have abandoned so many truths that it is becoming increasingly impossible for them to comprehend ANY truth at all. And that’s why we’re seeing more and more craven jackasses like Dan Savage crawling out of the left.
They spoke endearingly of the deep friendship they shared, and, of course, gratitude for the help those friendships had in advancing their careers.
She is not satisfied anymore with just ignoring you.
-made a framed chalkboard
But before long, she has things under control at the store but is also helping along a romance with Jake and Holly, a beautiful assistant to a fashion designer who's the legal guardian to her nephew, Gabe. Mrs. Miracle still has a lot work ahead of her, but she's planning on a wonderful Christmas for all.
“NO LIGHTBULBS FOR YOU!”
I thought I'd be able to post something before now. But as usual, life got in the way. We've had a few bumps in the road. Nothing major. Our window seat window in the breakfast/dining room was put on the window schedule as 6 feet and was framed at 6 feet. But all along, our architect and I have been referencing this window with the 18" hutches on each side. When I went and looked at the house over the weekend, I noticed crazy narrow spaces where the hutches should be. It turns out that on the plans (the drawing that we've been referencing), it was drawn to scale as a 5 foot window. So now that it's been framed and ordered, it became a whole issue of what to do: 1) architect buys a 5' window for the space and eats the cost 2) we work something out to deal with the 6' window.
Through frustration,
These works have been a labor of love.
Take a moment to think carefully about the answers to these questions:
The New Left would never have replaced traditional liberalism in the 1960's if it were not for pop singers. An attack on Enoch Powell was contained in the early versions of the Beatles 1969 hit “Get Back” which began as a send up of telling people to "Get Back" to their own countries to satirise the “Rivers of Blood” speech. But Paul McCartney thought better of it and made the lyrics more oblique.
This, taken along the way is after we have gotten out of here, so though it fits the header space, it doesn't quite fit the theme.
The Abeil are a race of tall, industrious bee-like humanoids. Their society is divided into three castes: vassals (the workers, in all different roles of society), soldiers and a queen. The worker is obviously the weakest of these three, but still possess a muscle-atrophying poison and the ability to create a buzz with their wings that leaves enemies into a sleepy stupor. Soldiers also have an amplified eardrum-rupturing version of this.
Melodious, where spirits gat them home,
We need to teach our daughters to distinguish between a man who flatters her - and a man who compliments her.
Teri deewani deewani
I have no idea what I'd do with the things made from this book, but I want it anyway because it's flipping adorable.
I'm used to do everything online. Or to pay by card, credit or debit. This is like going back in time when I used to write cheques! oh, boy!
Boom, we’re in a car, on the way to yet another town, farther away from my house than the last. I call up me mum and I tell her:
I wonder how many he helped send home. How many families have closure because of what he found. I hope he knew that this was important work.
Perhaps Raghavan would have made it in some other way as his first collaboration with Saif in Ek Haseena Thi bombed at the box office too. It looked like the producer-director pair was not on the same level. So, while Saif wanted to play the part of the I’m-too-cool-to-handle agent, Raghavan tries his best to script out scenes that can make the movie what it truly deserves to be.
and get in the car already. School can wait. This
Most importantly, this process also encompasses that key arm of social engineering and thought deformation known as the “entertainment industry” with Hollywood as its main hub and flagship.
Britany: Good Morning!
1996 Weatherbys Champion Bumper, the Cheltenham Festival race in which he has enjoyed seven winners (also Florida Pearl 1997, Alexander Banquet 1998, Joe Cullen 2000, Missed That 2005, Cousin Vinny 2008 and Champagne Fever 2012). Mullins’ best chaser to date has been Florida Pearl, who was placed in two Cheltenham Gold Cups, won the 1998 RSA Chase, the 1999, 2000, 2001 and 2004 Irish Hennessy Cognac Gold Cups in Ireland as well as the 2001 King George VI Chase and the 2002 Betfred Bowl at Aintree. In 2011, he trained the brilliant Hurricane Fly to win the Champion Hurdle at the Cheltenham Festival, having won the Irish equivalent in January. He has saddled 24 winners at the Cheltenham Festival, more than any other current Irish handler. Mullins has approaching 200 horses at his Closutton yard near Bagenalstown in Co Carlow and his first John Smith’s Grand National runner as a trainer, Micko’s Dream, fell at the first in 2000. The loquacious Mullins, a former chairman of the Irish Trainers’ Federation, also suffered heartache in 2004 when Hedgehunter departed at the final fence in the John Smith’s Grand National when looking assured of a place. He overcame bad luck in the John Smith’s Grand National the following year when Hedgehunter came home 14 lengths clear of Royal Auclair. Hedgehunter was then second in 2006, ninth in 2007 and 13th on his final start in 2008 when stable companion Snowy Morning came third. He has been champion Irish jump trainer for the past four seasons and is on course for a fifth title in 2011/2012. John Smith’s Grand National Record: 2000 Micko’s Dream (Fell 1st); 2002 Alexander Banquet (UR 6th); 2004 Alexander Banquet (Fell 18th), Hedgehunter (Fell
1968
So when Mr. PR professor asks me what I learned about when I took game studies this semester. I’ll say, “I studied how you think when you play games and you’re not that surprising”.
For less than $40 I have a whole new chandie.
GEOGRAPHICAL DATA
Until it was accomplished
Broke my heart the day that she said
Like Godzilla, it's a primordial beast that found its way to the modern era. Now 43, he's been collecting fossils since age 4, and said he saw part of this one on a hillside off Kentucky 17 nearly a year ago.
09 - Miss Saturday Night 04:22
A lot of bands, assume they can throw out tasks for free and expect it all to be taken care of instantly. Then, the musicians and bands find disappointing results when they are not doing something above and beyond for the fans that want to help.
- Using and ice cream scoop, arrange 6 equal amounts of cookie dough on each prepared baking tray. about 1 or 2 inches apart,
Still, now we've got a washing machine that works, I feel my life is back to normal - even if that normal is a lot quieter than it was before.
Benjamin: The poor guy just isn't dealing very well with all of these people on his turf. He loves having his brothers home, but there is a lot of acting out and tantrum throwing right now. He may have to start napping again if it doesn't stop soon.
Yellow loosestrife
And when you meet with your fellow beekeepers at least once a month for the very glamorous event of a Beekeepers Lunch, inevitably someone will have harvested from their hive and will be trying to pawn off the wax so that they don't have to deal with the incredible but completely fucking abundant supply of beeswax that abounds.
Elite is another mid range product that has recently been released by Panini. Although it seems to fall behind the recent releases of Between the Pipes and SpX, I still managed to pick up one lone pack just to appease my appetite.
of radio cure-alls. Rays suffer
Honored Guest Potters: Ron Meyers and Judith Duff
Katy Perry, Drake, LMFAO, and other singers of the ilk, you are banned from my radio stations. Why does a seven-year old talk about ‘hot’??? Oh wait, he does have an almost thirteen year old sister!
Level 6: Damage: +6%, Critical Rate: +6%.
but would not be so generous to an old man wanting
May 22 Portland, OR Rose Garden
We had found him.
“Oh, well why don’t you run down to the DMV to renew it, come back, and finish paying for your things? I can wait!”
This new political extreme far-right group wants to use Templarism to wrap their campaign up in and Breivik and the EDL are proof of this point. Real Templarism is faith based and not political based. Faith is above, politics is below, God is above and the devil is below, that's why Breivik murdered 69 innocent kids on their summer camp because of their Left-wing ideas.
It is true, indeed, that since they have temporal lordship and wealth, they ought to make out of it the same contributions to the emperor, kings, or princes that other holdings properly make, and render the same services that others are expected to render. Nay, these “goods of the Church,” as they call them, ought above all others to serve and help in the protection of the needy and the welfare of all classes, for they are given for that purpose, not in order that a bishop may forget his office and use them for war or battle. If the banner of Emperor Charles or of a prince is in the field, then let everyone run boldly and gladly to the banner to which his allegiance is sworn; but if the banner of a bishop, cardinal, or pope is there, then run the other way, and say “I do not know this coin; if it were a prayer book, or the Holy Scriptures preached in the Church, I would rally to it.”
house in 1960 before it crashed in Park Slope.
money created the illusion of power and control
The tutor bought round bead mats for us to work on so the beads did not roll away and we had a choice of 4 different bead colours – gold, silver, grey, or blue (the grey and blue were actually quite ‘rainbow’ style with different shading running through each bead).
Until next time….
If Nancy doesn’t want to use them I won’t be offended..but I tried.
No, I’ve been thinking about this issue because of Sean Harris, a pastor in North Carolina. You might have heard of this guy. He recently told his congregation that they should punch kids for acting gay. (Audio is here. You should listen, because the real horror of it will hit you then.)
Damo Suzuki is a crazy Japanese guy from Can (an old krautrock band) and could well be worth catching just for some experimental, messy, insane, hard rock n roll. Lydia Lunch is some mentalist 20th century version of Laurie Anderson or something, not the most accessible music but interesting nonetheless.
9. Gonna Meet My Maker (Ballard) 4:37
November 17, 2011 7:58 PM
Operatives of the State
5 more people?So, here's five little-known facts to go along with the seven random facts to make thirteen facts in all. But we'll just say the thirteenth is actually the fourteenth, to avoid the bad luck stigma and have something in common with hotel floor numbering. But, on to the facts:
It was here I had my first taste of the local wine with a half bottle of the 2011 Cinque Terre D.O.C. from the Antichi Sapori Liguri company and I must say it was pretty good.
-With increased playing time for the Giants in 1961 and Houston in 1962, his offensive production slipped.
Sun, 11:45pm: Immense gratitude.
And enjoy! L xx
His mother’s face flickered. “The one called Pendragon.”
The sign was directed at caddies, and not players who commanded them. The caddies were not mere automatons with no power to decide where they could go.
But what will the motivation for running the new Fornost be? Will it become level scalable like the Great Barrow or stay a fixed level like Garth Agarwen? Will it have difficulty tiers? Will it have optional objectives and challenge quests at the cap level with matching rewards? Will it have any deeds and/or Turbine Points to earn? I’d like to see this instance run more often increasing the repertoire of instances for maxed out characters.
*McCoy can crawl out of his crib.
Tell me, has He passed by you?
more details to come. in the mean time, i'll be here trying to enjoy my last few days of "freedom".
(did you notice her hair is 8+ in. shorter?)
The penniless widow of a prophet – to gather many pots in which to pour her dram of oil. “Yeah, right! How far will this little bit of oil go? And then I’ll look ridiculous to all my neighbors when I have to return these pots – empty.”
There are so many products on the market today...what are some of your favorites?
1) I need to stop drinking so much Mountain Dew. (Did I mention high fructose corn syrup already? Yeah, I think so.) If you are unaware, I love MD. I do limit myself, but this is one habit I really need to kick to the curb.
3) a list of posts you want to exclude (or at least a description of them)
At age 20, Obama was a man of the world. He had never been to south-central Kansas or western Kenya, the homelands of his ancestors, yet his divided heritage from Africa and the American heartland had defined him from the beginning. He could not be of one place, rooted and provincial. From his years living in Indonesia, where he was fully immersed in Javanese schools and culture; from his adolescence in Hawaii, where he was in the polyglot sea of hapa and haole, Asians and islanders; from his mother’s long-term commitment to development work overseas; from his friendship with Pakistani students at Occidental and his extended visit to their country—from all of these he had experienced far more global diversity than the average college junior. He knew the ways of different cultures better than he knew himself.
“You said something that started me to think. It touched me and stayed with me and stirred me. I decided to alter my course. I turned my life around. I am now living here in California. I have a good job, for which I am grateful. I hope I am a good husband and father. And I am now serving as a counselor in the bishopric of my ward. I am happier than I have ever been at any time in my life.”
In the meantime, cocksucker, why don't you go back to lying about screwing Shamu and I'll be over here drawing up that child support paperwork. Whine and bitch all you want because darling dear....I am out of fucks to give.
I was able to view a cam set up near my brother's house in Saskatchewan. They have had very little snow this winter, and it was almost all gone. But when I looked at the live feed yesterday, I was shocked! I didn't understand where this was coming from -- everything was covered with nice, white, fluffy snow about a foot deep. I haven't seen anything like that for many years.
Luckily I had the chance to see/
I bought the curtains about 2 years ago at Target on clearance for $6.48 for the pair! They're heavy duty cotton and they are embroidered! Oh what a find! Again, Yay for bargains!
The sudden quiet was startling and disturbing. Like the subdued quiet in a sleeping car, at a stop, after a continuous run. Not a sound except the breeze whistling through the half-open port. Then there was the distant noise of running feet and muffled voices, as several people hurried through the passageway. Very shortly the engines started up again — slowly — not with the bright vibration to which we were accustomed, but as though they were tired. After very few revolutions they again stopped.
I got home around 4:30, the first chick was out and a second was zipping! I stayed right by the incubator and watched the second German New Hampshire hatch. About an hour later, I watched the third.
For the ginger molasses spice cookies, I began by combining the dry ingredients: flour, cinnamon, cloves, ginger, baking soda. Then I creamed together the butter and sugar with my hand mixer (since I don't have a Kitchenaid stand mixer) that is from approximately 1973, then added the eggs, then the molasses. Adding the dry ingredients into the wet proved difficult for my little hand mixer -- we lost a beater in battle, but I finished the dough by hand (and the one beater was fine for the lemon cream filling).
It’s taken me a while to get this review done so unfortunately most people will have already seen the film by the time this goes online, but if you haven’t then I urge you to drop everything right now and go to the cinema. Writing under the moniker of The Northern Nerd it’s hard to come across as unbiased on certain topics, but even when all my fanboy-ism is stripped away The Avengers is still a damn good film I could watch again and again (and fully intend to).
Hold on...
On April 5, 2012, we’ll take a step back and look at the big picture: Why should we, as a society, continue to invest in global health and development? How can we work across borders and political boundaries to make positive change? And what returns can we expect on our investments?
And just to get your inspiration flowing, we have the very talented Karen Squires of Stampin by the Bay joining us this week as our Guest Designer. Be sure to stop by and say "hi", and of course our fabulous design team have some great samples which will surely get your creative juices flowing!
I have been off on maternity for the past year, well actually it has been 14 months because i had an extension, and now it will all be over in a matter of days.
The sidelining, ghettoization, and/or ignorance of people of color on TV and film in general is stunningly racist, especially when it comes to Latinos — but the enemy in that story isn’t Girls. Don’t make women have to face off against people of color… again. It’s one of those classic zero-sum games from the goddamn 19th century: who gets voting rights, women or Black people? When, in fact, any rational person can see that both groups should have received the right to vote, instead of fighting it out in the nastiest possible way about who was most worthy.
And in the end, much as I hate the “if it bleed, it leads” mandate of the news shows, it irks me even more that Disney and Nickelodeon and even PBS purport to celebrate an active and imagination-filled childhood while actually working to undermine it, by feeding kids a constant diet of crack. Er…kiddie shows. (And let’s not even get into the fact that almost all of those shows have product tie-ins — Disney supposedly sells 40,000 different princess items. So they are basically out to capture our kids’ imagination, money and childhood. ) But otherwise, they’re great. — Lenore
You could also email Smooth Operations to let them know how you feel. I don't have an email address for John Leonard - anyone? - but there is a general one, which is info@smoothoperations.com
Add cheese and nutmeg, stir to combine. Season with salt and pepper if needed. Add peas and parsley, toss well.
Next up was this:
I am SOOOO excited!! I have been dreaming about hosting a SWARM all Summer and I finally checked out the available dates at my office and weekends are open!! So, I am shooting for October 8th and 9th. Yes, it's only six weeks away, but I can't wait!!! hehehee
a minimal droplet will work the trick
This isn't the most crisply written or up-to-date book out there, but if you are lazy and cheap like me and already have it on your shelves, it would be a worthwhile read.
Higham confirms it:
I'm definitely not complaining about Eric being here, it was just hard to focus without my usual routine. On one morning, when Eric went in to receive some orders & get some office work done, I found myself completely scattered. I went to go get dressed and decided I wanted to do this facial scrub I read about on pinterest. Then I went to go get dressed again and decided that I needed to hand wash my bras. Later that day I went to go put the clean dishes away. Thirty minutes later the clean dishes were still in the dish rack, but my pantry had been reorganized & all the expired products thrown out.
11. Jack of Speed
Winston Churchill said that. Last week was hell. The worst migraine since last December. I had what I call a “double-header” migraine. Three days of pain on the right side and three days of pain on the left side. I finally went to the doctor to get a shot which normally brings it all to an end but even that didn’t stop the pain from coming back that evening and the next day as well. On Day 7 I finally felt like the migraine was gone but I had a weird tension type headache probably from my body withdrawing from 6 days of heavy meds.
Active lines wіll ensure thаt updates аre received and communication wіth оther online participants іѕ guaranteed. A keyboard аnd mouse iѕ recommended. The mouse with scroll wheel is recommended fоr the ultra setting along with the multiple buttons feature.
'Sir..., Divorced Barbie comes with: Ken's Car, Ken's House, Ken's Boat, Ken's Furniture, Ken's Computer, one of Ken's Friends, and a key chain made with Ken's balls'.
“Nor do I claim that people who bioengineer their children or themselves are necessarily motivated by a desire for mastery, and that this motive is a sin no good result could possibly outweigh. I am suggesting instead that the moral stakes in the enhancement debate are not fully captured by the familiar categories of autonomy and rights, on the one hand, and the calculation of costs and benefits, on the other.” (The Case Against Perfection, p. 96)
This is where it becomes a much bigger problem. I am going to assume that Rakofsky did not receive the Order declaring him ineligible when he attacked the defendants for correctly stating he is ineligible to practice in New Jersey, rather than knowingly making false statements to a court. However, the false statements could be construed as having been made recklessly because the information is readily available online were he to simply check the Notices to the Bar from time to time. (ProTip to young New Jersey lawyers reading this: check the Notices to the Bar from time to time).
Day one: Ho Lee Crap! Just came up with THE BEST idea in the freakin' world! Where is my laptop?? I must type it all out before it zaps out of my head!
For the sandwich:
Let the puff pastry thaw inside the fridge over night or remove it from the freezer 2 hours before preparation.
Do you support same sex marriage? What a funny word – support. Do same sex marriages, or opposite sex marriages for that matter, need my encouragement? Does ANY marriage need me to be an advocate for it? Go ahead and get married to whoever you want. Make the choices and the promises that work for you and leave the rest of us out of it. Because, guess what – it’s really none of our business. People are people first, and sorted out into categories second. Any loving relationship can be a beautiful thing.
“Without the geospatial component, essentially all we have is a database that can perform limited operations,” said Wolff. “The geospatial component allows us to take the analysis several steps further by integrating space and time with data transformation to produce complex models and thematic maps. This allows us to better understand reclamation by isolating gaps in knowledge and identifying reclamation trends.”
Come join the North Saskatchewan Riverkeeper and North Saskatchewan Watershed Alliance for an interactive and educational evening on the groundwater beneath our feet, featuring Jon Fennell, M.Sc., Ph.D., P.Geol, Principal Hydrogeologist.
-There are a number of other stat based arguments I could make including one on brain development and neuroscience that I will blog about in the future but I am not wanting to write a dissertation. Call me lazy:)
Sixty-one percent of those defendants had been convicted at least once; 18%, 5 or more times; 26%, 2 to 4 times; and 17%, 1 time. Of those charged, 49% had previously been convicted of a felony: 20% of a drug offense; 18%, a violent offense; and 11%, other felony offenses.
There is never a time when you are with God that you do not benefit from being in His presence. Every time you are with God, you will undoubtedly benefit. God has perfect timing; never early and never late and it takes a little patience and a lot of faith.
Our guide pointed out a single flannel shirt hanging on the wall. It belonged to Bill Hewlett. He said the rest of his clothes were kept in the house. The experience was becoming surreal at that point.
What might be done to put a Dalit presence into media? Two suggestions. Neither an answer, but both worth considering.
I am finally saying goodbye to St. John Hospital, without regret and with much enthusiasm.lol I am moving to another workplace, a bigger hospital and with lots of opportunities for me to hone my nursing skills. I'll be a part of the Southern Philippines Medical Center (formerly Davao Medical Center) starting next week as a city detailed nurse. Whew! At last!
Lamb is a smooth operator on the floor while Miller provides the timely big plays. Kidd-Gilchrist is just everywhere. Teague is their to orchestrate it all. Excluding their nail biting eight point win against Louisville (you just knew they would pull it out right?), from their 81-66 win over Western Kentucky to a 82-70 victory against Baylor, opposing resistance has been kept to a minimum.
no other major world religion has a leader that has made this claim
One commentary I’ve read on this passage said, “The preaching of the gospel does not rest on fiction or fantasy but on the experience of the apostles”. Following on from here the disciples were commissioned by Jesus before he left them. The period that followed saw them focusing their preaching on the death and resurrection of Jesus, and less on his teaching ministry. The few days around the first Easter had a profound and pivotal effect on the group, that sustained them throughout their life.
It was a bit chilly out when I walked the dogs – that wind is fierce and cool. Today there is no escaping it due to the angle it is coming in – otherwise I might be forced to sit out in the sun some.
Me: Obviously. Okay, so why did you change your mind?
Gemini's color is Yellow or Gold so I made that my color scheme for the card. I was fortunate enough to have won some blog candy and it was PERFECT for today's card. Amy's images are perfect for coloring with your favorite medium - she provides us with lots of open space. This stamp will be available on March 7 at All That Scraps' store. Please visit Amy's Blog - A Thousand Sheets of Paper as well as Sweet November's DT Nancy Thomas and the other Guest DT Jeanette Comerford for more inspiration.
Me “I won’t.”
2. Elise Testone: Poor Elise just can’t catch a break. She turned out one of her best performances this season and got kicked to the edge. She could have picked some better songs and been livelier from time to time, but ultimately she has had quite the growth during her run on the show.
Yes, I wrote as a young child. But it's okay ... because I was with my dad.
Sadly, yes. Apparently, if I have any traces of alcohol with these antibiotics, it will induce pain and vomiting of exorcist proportions (not to mention that fact that I couldn't begin to stomach the stuff right now.) You guys can have a drink in my honor though. :)
and the Top Three (in no particular order).............
I read and heard about visual effects taking years for some movies. You have much shorter deadlines with Asylum movies. What’s your secret?
fashion becomes an obsession. modelling becomes a passion.
Now you know what Kellie is like, if their is a release she has to have a give away! So be sure now to pop by Tickled Pink Stamps to find out the details as to when you can start purchasing and how to possibly win one..
Crepes are my 11 year old's favorite breakfast food. They may be the favorite of all my kids. My little 4 year old calls them "those roll up things". They are more time consuming than I like, but I did give in and make them for breakfast the other day. I had some strawberries to use and thought crepes would be delicious with them. My personal favorite way to eat them is with sweetened whipped cream and strawberries. My kids usually eat them spread with melted butter and sprinkled with powdered sugar. Even though we usually eat them for breakfast, the also make a great desert.
No - thank YOU, Darren!
BTW—Did I tell you that I finally watched the first season of The Walking Dead? He and I both sat around that day and just watched the entire season. Next time, will be season two and may The Avengers if he doesn’t go and see it without me…although I wouldn’t blame if he did. It’s Marvel…that’s a get out of jail free card lol.
But as with my writing an event took place this past week which "dampened" my enthusiasm just a mite. I didn't witness the even myself but my boys did as part of their weekly school mass. The church and school are in an older part of town. Across the street lies a large city park which is a favorite hangout of Amarillo's homeless population. It is not uncommon for them to visit the church and attend mass, but last week the visitor had some issues.
Bring water and vinegar to a boil and add salt and sugar. Stir until dissolved. Reduce the heat to medium and add in all the spices leaving out the garlic(and dill). Let the spices steep in the brine for 10 minutes. I use one of these tea catchers to hold the spices so I don’t have to strain them at the end.
Update your resume and don’t forget to leave your personality in your cover letter and send it to info@loricknewyork.com.
Now, on to the overnight oats discussion.
428. V. Purgatorio, xxvi. 148.
Today was the free cathedral concert. I much prefer performing in black, and I had to go to school afterwards. Much as I would have liked to have relaxed, the school ensemble I take on Thursday afternoons has it's first performance next week. Now, a wrap dress I bought late last year I thought would do nicely for this concert. It's black, it's knee-length, sleeved, wintry... Except it's a wrap dress. I knew as soon as I took a step, way more of my legs would be on display than I find acceptable. Next option: my standard winter gig dress. Except it's only just come down from the attic and looks, funnily enough, like it's been stuffed in a bag in an attic for a few months. Next option: well, the outfit I wore. I hoped to wear another pair of autumnal shoes but they looked unmatched to the outfit. I took along some black and cream patent stilettos, but didn't wear them in the end and stayed in the flats. So, third time lucky for clothes and shoes.
If you are one of the millions of viewers who regularly tune into ABC’s Modern Family each week, you’ve probably fallen in love with the characters Mitchell Pritchett, Phil Dunphy and Cameron Tucker, played by Jesse Tyler Ferguson, Ty Burrell and Eric Stonestreet, respectively. The actors will take the Winspear stage to discuss their hit show, which is centered on the lives of three unconventional families. In addition, Steve Levitan will share his insight as co-creator and executive producer of the show.
Everyday pharmacies fill millions of prescriptions for controlled substances. Those drugs are monitored by the DEA.
200 - 22.40 - Bianca Knight, Texas - '08
It was clear to me after spending more than five hours on the streets last Saturday, that those who walked were absolutely peace-loving, and opposed to any physical action, let alone violence.
This whole thing has been a crazy ride. There have been so many ups and downs, it's hard to believe I'm this close to being done. As the hours have passed since Thursday, it's started to sink in more and more, and as I've celebrated with friends and family, it's begun to seem more real. I did it; I really did it. But I didn't do this whole thing alone, I had an insane amount of love and support from friends and family, and because of that, I wanted to share the dedication portion of my dissertation. It was by far the best part of the paper to write, and I've reread it a thousand times, giving thanks for the people who helped get me through. A big thanks also goes out to all of my blog readers who have sent words of support and encouragement along the way. However small they seemed to you, they meant the world to me!
Moon thought quickly....there was only one thing for it, and yet even that might not work!
WEDNESDAY 4/18/2012 Starbucks Coffee Company 60714 Application Developer I Career Eng/Tech/Math, Bus/Econ
Soon into the online life of POD, Self-Publishing & Independent, I felt it necessary to port over my own author ramblings to another site - simply because this site became more than I ever imagined it to be when I first started out. There has been several transitions and remodeling of the site, but at its heart, the site has always been a home and resource for authors considering self-publishing and looking at alternative ways to break into book publishing outside of the norms of approaching the big six publishers or seeking representation through a literary agent.
He danced round her like a madman. Hopping, jumping, the blond curls skipping about his head. Sat on a bale of hay, she laughed with a lovely big grin, a grin reflected in his own face.
If you change your thinking and your attitude about your children I bet they would start acting differently. You get what you give. If you are always bitching you aren't going to get happy children.
As they roam the hospital, each man checks each room that he passes to see who is being kept there. In their search, Crow has an advantage over his followers. Whereas the followers have to physically check each door they pass, Crow is able to do a quick probe of the people and nurses he passes in order to obtain the information that he needs to help save some time. Also, he knows that Shannon’s room will most likely be guarded, with law enforcement officers positioned outside of the room, making it an easy mark.
So, Mr Cameron, Mr Vaizey, and all you other foolish, empty-minded, treacherous politicos: don't rob us of our libraries, because in doing so you show nothing but your own ignorance.
One last point before we conclude.
As a mother of faith, I accept the enormous responsibility of giving my children not only physical nourishment and love, but also to instill faith in them. This can be an overwhelming prospect if you let it be, but I have found that as I lean on the Lord for help, this comes naturally. Regular daily family scripture study and prayer have a huge impact, but so do the small, everyday moments when opportunities arise to teach a principle or share an experience with my children that has strengthened my faith. Moms of young children have the advantage of the fact that their children want so much to be around them, want to soak up everything they say, want to feel important and loved. Thus, they are easy to teach, for they make apt pupils. I know this will slip away a bit as they become teenagers and I must make the most of it now. What is, perhaps, more daunting, is knowing that my actions must teach my faith as well. I pray for strength to live up to the values that I hold dear and teach my children.
Is anyone else thinking of trying the whole body cleansing idea? Has it worked? I was actually also thinking that some people make an Earl Grey cake....I wonder if it would work with green tea?? Maybe in a loaf like the one above?
A few days ago, Jews around the world memorialized the victims of the Holocaust on a day set aside as Yom Hashoah.
I pride myself (and make the most money) on my discretionary trades, and right now is a rough patch. Time to sack up, keep grinding and stay vigilant on keeping losses small. This fever will break sooner or later, and when it does, I plan on making back everything I lost AND MORE.
Those faces across the bottom would have looked right at home in the Museum. They remind me of the demon-eye wallpaper:
Here’s some photos for you. OH! And I dyed my hair blue. It’s the first time in many, many years that my hair has been something other than purple, black and red. It makes me feel chipper and child-like. …More so than usual, anyways. My laptop crashed after it updated and so i’m using an old one. This post is going to be a mess of things I want to show you and random things that have not ceased to make me giggle at 1am.
Have an empowering day!
Back in my day, we didn't have this problem. Mainly because songwriters back then had the decency to cover up any smut with a thin layer of ambiguity. Sure, those songs sound innocent enough at first, but under that pretty veil lies the face of a rotting zombie-bride, and you've already said your vows! Erm, I mean you've probably not noticed the erotic and violent subtexts of some of the classic oldies your granny likes to dance to.
Stampin' area disorganized? Need something to carry your "Clear Blocks" when getting ready to meet friends for stampin'? Off to Stamp Club or Stamp Class and trying to pack everything you need neat & tidy?
14,325 days ago is 20,628,000 minutes is 39 years.
But the thing with prepositions is that there are too many of them (150), so half the time, most are usually unnecessary.
No one I've told does.
Good choices.
1990 London telephone codes changed to 071 and 081 (replacing 01).
SharePoint Log Viewer takes minimum amount of resources on the server.
I'm that mom who will go rock climbing, kayaking and surfing with her kids even though I'm old and not that great at it. And I'm that mom who will free climb half way up a rock when a child gets scared to talk them down and reassure them even though I'm afraid of heights.
Eleanor Rigby - 5.7M
We got quite a bit done, and are excited to see our chicks in the coop!
with me for many, many years...
However, meditation today has come to be seen as a mild therapy, a form of self-growth, or a practice for euphoria, a somewhat different understanding than the historical and stunningly powerful descriptions of meditation that direct humanity towards the state of ‘self-realisation’ often referred to as ‘superconsciousness’ ‘cosmic awakening’ or ‘supreme bliss’.
Draw a line 18" long on bottom being sure to center the line
The papers are from Crate Paper and the cute washi tape is from The Secret Garden on Da Wanda. The stitching is done with button thread from The Ribbon Girl. The sentiment is a rub on by Pebbles and the red gems were white ones by Prima that I coloured with my R29 copic marker. I added Spica pen to her wings and the flower for a faint sparkle.
At my service on Sunday based on John 15:9-17 I will be giving out “love heart” sweets, if I can locate sufficient before the service. Love is everywhere! The term love is undoubtedly overused in our society ranging from loving your partner to loving a certain brand of crisps. It was the Beatles who sang that all you need is love, and I’m inclined to agree with them. Yet the Agape loved so often talked about in the bible is associated with an action more than an emotion. The example of an action in John 15 is Jesus giving his own life for the sake of others.
After I left the hospital, I crawled into my bed feeling drained and defeated, and I called my daddy. I told him that I felt like I was stuck in a suspense movie. You watch these movies, and you watch the main character slowly approach a door; fear and anticipation builds of what is on the other side. Finally the door is opened and nothing is there. The main character breathes a sigh of relief and continues her slow creep down the hall to find the bad guy. I have opened several doors, but each time the door opens and nothing is there, relief is an initial feeling and then the anticipation and fear sets in again, because the bad guy is still out there. I just want to find the bad guy…
Spring of 1995 was a significant turning point in the history of notebook computers. In August 1995, Miocrosoft introduced Windows 95. This is the first time Microsoft have full control on the management operating system (operating system). Windows 95 is suitable for application on an Intel Pentium processor and in accordance with the existing ROM on notebooks.
-my two favorite questions were probably 1) "Are you ears pierced and currently open?" I was wearing earrings that day. Muahaha. 2) "Have you ever been pregnant or are currently so?" No sir. 3) "Are you breastfeeding?" Again, negatory.
THURSDAY, September 18th
What's the answer...?
Marianne Design "Rectangle Frame" (CR 1202)
Fast-forward 9 years, and I return, with new family in tow (my wife is from Durbs originally, but we met in the UK), after lengthy discussions. Homesickness had struck us both, and we chose to come home and view SA through mildly-tinted glasses.
Mix all ingredients (with the exception of the last two to taste). Add in enough egg and flour to act as a binder. If you don’t, the patties will fall apart. Heat a nonstick skillet over medium heat. Add enough olive oil to coat the bottom of the pan. Form hamburger like patties and fry till desired crispiness on each side. Serve hot.
The last few days have been, well, they have been hard and heavy and sad. Yep, just a little bit sad. For a host of different reasons. Some that my family has seen and heard first hand and others that I just carry in the restlessness of my heart. But I am going to stay true to the vibe of this blog, at least the vibe as of a few years ago and I am going to steer clear of the negativity. There was a day, at the inception of this blog, that bitterness abounded. In fact, this blog started at such a low point in my life, or more accurately, a low in Zoey's life, seizure days, that coming here to spew the ugliness, is the only way I found my way out of the darkness. And unless you blog or journal, you just won't understand that. And as much as I want and sometimes need to share and vent, even today, this space is not going to be the place
Then it was my turn. She showed me my HSG pictures and said everything looked good but there’s a slight chance one of my tubes was inconclusive. Because the dye spilled so fast from one side she figures there wasn’t enough pressure to have a similar spill on the other side. Both tubes spilled though and that’s what’s important. She isn’t concerned but said if I really really wanted to know we could do another HSG but doesn’t find it necessary.
Still , he is a very good Dentist, and explains to me everything he is doing to the Point that I think if he needed a little work done, I could probably fix him up.
sugar. Place pork chops on top of sweet potatoes. Bake
This was, in my mind, a more accurate portrayal of these beings if they did roam the earth. The most deadly of predators with a taste for fear and pain. Playing with their food before the sampled and indulging in all forms of decadence. The question will always remain on how much of their humanity the would retain. I think the answer lies in the being itself! Great read!!
Finally, I cut hearts from "Hallowe'en In Wonderland" papers and black Bazzill Cardstock. I cut out some of the fun "Jabberwocky" cards, distressed and inked them. Each suspended piece of the mobile has double sided hearts and/or cards (double sided so the fishing line could be adhered between the hearts/cards.) I added some fun trim to hang the project (use a staple gun to be sure the trim will hold the weight of the project.) I added some crystals and this project was done!
Andrew Christman, Co-owner, The Ohio Exterminating Co., Inc
Well...I won't lie to you.
- Article in Central Coast Express
Burstyn
You can base some (a few actually) figures one to a 20×40 base. Inside a unit this will give the effect, but it´s not that useful for WAB.
Assistant Commandant, U.S. Marine Corps (‘02–‘05)
Sian Bevan is much more engaging; her brief story about a woman trying to break into a male dominated story-telling academy is nicely told. Bevan is renowned as a stand up., and this is entertaining enough to suggest she’s worth catching.
I feel like spanking you.
According to Nitzan, "another five policeman jumped in beating him up quite badly. Screaming and shouting took place. He was handcuffed and thrown into the back of the police van".
Fast forward to life now. I work lots of hours - sometimes early morning, sometimes into the evening, every once in a while on a Saturday -- the joys of self-employment and setting your own schedule. It lends to some flexibility and also some additional creativity on transportation. This week Kendall has been home and is my driver when he is available. Awesome. Most of the time Steve can take me and pick me up from work. Later start days -creativity comes into play. Sometimes it means getting there early (which is okay, there is always something to be done), sometimes it means calling a cab, or sometimes it means asking a friend for a ride.
PERSEVERANCE PRODUCES CHARACTER;
The deal works for the Dial Hand soap priced at $2.29 BOGO as well!
When we first walked in, there was a girl laid out on a table in nothing but pasties, nude panties, and a garnish of strawberries in whipped cream. This is about the only thing I got a picture of because once we packed in for the show, there was no room or energy for dicking around with a camera.
Hewlett-Packard (NYSE:HPQ) threw in the towel and self assassinated the touch pad. iPad and Steve Jobs rule, rock and regulate the tablet post PC world. and it didn’t take that long! Best Buy (NYSE:BBY) had the terrible stats weeks ago the product was just not moving. HP does not have the touch pardon the pun with consumer electronics. Wondering if Best Buy could start selling their data stream and make some extra money.
Remember: some facial muscles cannot be sufficiently activated unless they are expressing genuine emotion.
Wanna hear what happened? Good, cause imma tell you anyway.
On March 15, 2011 I published my very first post ever. I was anxious, giddy, nervous, and excited! Little did I know on that day, what the year ahead and blogging had in store for me.
After talking to them, I think I understand. When Judy said it's like drawing on the surface of an eggshell, well: wow. So here's my little intro, with all the links:
Apple sold 15.4 million iPads in Q4 — up 39 percent from the 11.1 million sold in Q3 — but its tablet PC market share slipped to 57 percent from 64 percent over the same period, IHS said.
So....Tonight we are celebrating extremely positive test results. No CANCER...our #1 fear and thankfully we are in the clear. The tumor (in my head) is benign...the results were not perfect but they were positive. We still have a journey ahead of us and there are still unanswered questions but the news is GREAT! They incidentally found a cyst in my brain (which is benign also), I will see a neurologist, a surgeon and I will have the tumor removed and maybe even the cyst...but we are so, so, so happy with the news! I left the doctor and felt like I was lighter...I felt like I was "me" again. I was so happy, excited, and relieved that I cried.
Daddy took the kids to the mall and reported back that they behaved PERFECTLY! He braved the Rain Forest Cafe where they politely ate their whole lunch and, as a special surprise for me, got their picture taken with the Easter Bunny! Apparently, they loved him and each gave him a hug before saying good-bye. Figures, right? But I'm glad they are good for him because then he'll take them out solo more often.
is the importance of making a timeline with written painful memories & emotions.
What a great weekend..
As a child in the 1960s I loved to vist my local libarary in Arnold. It was a much older building than the one in the picture above and I remember it had the inscription Carnegie Library carved above the door. The town had obviously been a beneficary of the charity set up by enlightened philanthropist Andrew Carnegie. In those days we were issued with library ‘tickets', and when you took the books of your choice to the desk, the librarian would take the card from the inside the book and insert it into one of your five tickets and into an indexed box. The book would duly be stamped, to be returned in two weeks’ time. I seem to recall that I would be back long before the two weeks was up, eager to make my next choice.
The album will be released on 27 February 2012 on the British label Les Cousins Music. You have opportunity to hear now (few days before officially released, thanks Laike)
Conducted by Maxeem Ayyad
designers for Wildfox Couture
I've already pointed to the spirit trying to "better itself" in an X Atencio script and to the New Testament. The idea that wicked spirits want to seize hold of you is hardly an esoteric doctrine, and by the time a shadowy hand is trying to grab you, you're likely convinced that this is the reality you are up against. You don't need much more than that to get the ball rolling. All you need to do is keep paying close attention to what you see and keep putting two and two together.
* Do you plan your stories in advance, or do they happen on the page?
The Court explicitly states that petitioners have the locus standi necessary to sustain the bringing and, maintenance of this suit (Decision, pp. 11-12). Locus standi is not a function of petitioners’ claim that their suit is properly regarded as a class suit. I understand locus standi to refer to the legal interest which a plaintiff must have in the subject matter of the suit. Because of the very broadness of the concept of “class” here involved — membership in this “class” appears to embrace everyone living in the country whether now or in the
“I have customers who have a good 50 to 80 percent more volume in futures than they used to own,” Leonard said.
According to Qadir's initial ISI source, Khan had let it be known locally that he had made some money from business ventures in Dubai, and that his current occupation was dealing in foreign currency exchange and real estate in Peshawar. "It was merely routine," the ISI officer emphasized. "We had no suspicions at the time."
The faith of a child, is so sweet to look upon,
So, here it is, the big news:
“We don’t have defeatist talk here.” He responds. “I want an hourly status update kiddo." I glare. kiddo?
-Its not suspisious at all Miss...its called August...
“I do solemnly swear that I will support and defend the Constitution of the United States against all enemies, foreign and domestic; that I will bear true faith and allegiance to the same; and that I will obey the orders of the President of the United States and the orders of the officers appointed over me, according to regulations and the uniform code of military justice. So help me God.”
We are halfway through our standardized testing. We will be done on Wednesday. I kept on thinking, "If I feel this tired just administering the test, my kids must be EXHAUSTED from taking it!" I am so proud of their effort. However, I am ready to be done!
Over the years I have been to more political rallies, events, forums, roundtables, discussion groups, debates and whatever than I care to remember. While a whole range of adjectives from boring to thrilling could be used to describe these events, I have never before been moved to use contradictory metaphors for the same event. Attending a Ron Paul campaign rally is a singularly unique experience. I have never seen anything like it before. Perhaps phenomenal is the word that comes closest in accuracy, not in the ordinary “awesome” sense, but in the other-worldly, spatiotemporal sense.
If anything, my heart aches. Not because Jesus is finally getting the minimum of what he deserves, but because after all Jesus had done, there are people, who still don’t praise him.
madness fashioned
Ultimately whichever diet you choose they are not a million miles apart and as every dog is slightly different you are going to learn as you go and make the tweaks that suit your dog.
Pick #3
Christ is the one in whom are hidden all of the treasures of wisdom and knowledge (Col 2:3). He is my greatest treasure, and as I seek him other treasures fall out all over the place in life. Hebrews 11:26 says that Moses considered the reproach of Christ greater riches than the treasures of Egypt. Even the worst we experience in Christ is better than best the world has to offer.
S: okay
‘What can I say? Sardinians are a pleasant people. They have all the ebullience of the Italians but without the prostitution rings in the corridors of power.’
"Thanks to the advice from my friend, and the 2 forms I filled out, I'm doing great. I have more money than I ever need to provide for my family, and for those rainy days. After qualifying for my third grant this year, my husband and I celebrated in Vancouver! Below is a picture of us at Ruth Chris' Steak House in Vancouver."Awesome! my hard earned cash is being used to fund steak dinners and Christmas presents for someone else's kids.
His plan would be to get their attention; obtain some degree of rapport with them; and then, hopefully, preach Christ. By this time these elders were spiritually dead but, tragically, they did not know it. It is true that they worshipped God but not according to the one acceptable gospel. Paul gave his appraisal of them in Romans 10:3. Of these same Jews he wrote,
Just a couple of photos from last night, I made this tshirt about a year ago during my cutting-up-all-my-tshirts phase, but I still quite like it! In my opinion, the easiest and most fun way to alter clothes is just to chop them up. You must be sick of these shorts by now as I wear them all the time, but they're probably my favourite ones. Apologies for the crappy photos!
Egypt 59 Lebanon 81 Turkey 76
I am encouraged that there is some discussion about this project! I hope that others, plus the developer and designers (with plans and images, hopefully) join in: we'd love to see a lively exchange about this: it would help all of us clarify what kind of city we hope to live in and signal our expectations to the inevitable future developers.
1102 ***D-III/1/1991. “Amendments XX, XXII, XXIII, and XXV.” Centennial Lecture Series, Lenoir-Rhyne College, Hickory, North Carolina. (Incorporated in Item B-6, above, pp. 207-16, 443-46 (1995).)
The cat did his usual dance but that is his stance. For all it takes is a quick glance and you can snap yourself out of a nightmare trance. The power of the mind is vast and it can change fast. So give it a pass and you can thank my little rhyming ass.
So, when Craig and I bought our first house, I immediately started changing it. But, our first house was a crummy double, with no possible way of looking good. It was just an investment. And I finally accepted the fact that it was ugly and moved on.
I had quite a nice time at my sister’s on the weekend regardless of the anxiety I had on Friday night during dinner I was experiencing. I had dissociation and the only way I could snap out of it was to get up several times to do different things and then come back to my seat. My sister’s friend and her father-in-law were at the meal also so unfortunately, it wasn’t one of those times I could tell everyone I was sitting with. They don’t know I’m in hospital and have anxiety and all the rest of it. I don’t want them knowing either. The anxiety was pretty bad, I was feeling like I was going to pass out and was very light-headed and disconnected from my body. I took Clonazepam which didn’t help, then tried drinking a few alcoholic drinks which didn’t help either. So in the end, I just had to accept it and get on with it!
You know... just to throw stuff at these idiots.
I’ve pretty much been stuck to my desk for the last couple of weeks writing my treatment for the experimental film I’m shooting in the beginning of May. I also had a test shoot a week ago, and before all of this I went to a friend’s summerhouse in Vleesbaai which was awesome. We had the whole weekend to chill at the beach, get drunk and eat all the meat we wanted. I shot some video and will hopefully have time to edit and upload it to the web this week. I’m handing in my treatment tomorrow so this is just a small update. I will go more in to dept of what I’ve been up to in a couple of days – maybe when I upload the Vleesbaai video. Cheers!
*Recover existed pillows with colorful graphic throw pillows.
Michelle has offered up some great answers to the most frequently asked questions about becoming a free-lancer. I want to share with you….a very realistic approach to considering freelance writing! (PS, she really knows her stuff….check out her books, My So-Called Freelance Life and The Anti 9-to-5 Guide: Practical Career Advice for Women Who Think Outside the Cube.)
One day, early on in january, he had done something, I can't remember what, that had really ticked me off. I went on Craigslist, saw a job for a Property management company in Bellingham, and applied. I got a call back the next day.
Anyway, I liked the way the light caught the water and cast shadows on the bank. Hope you do, too!
We walked through Boston Common and then made our way to Granary Burying Ground (a.k.a. cemetery). It’s the third oldest burying ground (cemetery) in Boston proper. And buried there are a handful of famous people, not the least of which are Samuel Adams and John Hancock. The Franklin family plot (as in Ben’s family) is here as well; however, Ben is buried in Philadelphia, not Boston. Looking around, I was reminded of the many headstones on the ride The Haunted Mansion at Disneyland. The irregular shapes and tilted appearance just reminds me of the Mansion’s headstones–I quite enjoy the ride so I’ve been on it many, many times.
HAPPY EASTER EVERYONE! ~~Annie
In our family, however, we view things a bit differently. When I first met Ginger, I somehow sensed that she had a bit of a restless spirit. There was something about the gleam in her eye, the edge of excitement in her voice, that made me realize that a life spent with her would be a life of adventure. She lived life tangibly, and she viewed every experience - good or bad - as a necessary step on her journey toward being who she truly was. When I said "I do", I knew I was in for the experience of a lifetime. And what an experience it has been. We have moved, changed jobs, had children, lost friends, seen amazing sights, and essentially lived life through our senses. We have made a thousand decisions with our hearts, based on what feels right. At various times, we have also made "head" decisions in which our brains overruled our passions and interests. These decisions have always been right on paper, but rarely have felt right in practice. The heart is a mysterious, often elusive muscle that may steer us in directions that are unforeseen but rarely in directions that are wrong for us. By trusting that our hearts will lead us to what is right for us, we have lived a life of learning, laughing, and loving; not without challenge and troubles, mind you, but a life lived out loud. We have lived in numerous states, towns, and houses, but throughout all of our journeys we've had only one real home.
Some were over taken by it quickly, while others went about their lives like Typhoid Mary’s completely oblivious to what they carried inside them until it was to late. It was a plague so beyond biblical proportions, so inconceivable in its design that even the religious leaders couldn’t believe it came from God. People began showing up in droves with family members suffering through different stages of rigor mortise only to be denied medical care. With no assistance, or direction people were forced to leave their loved ones where ever they were. They didn’t know if it was transmitted through touch, contracted through the respiratory system, or if it was a biological weapon that had been released into the water supply.
Do you write fiction in a journal? What kind of journal do you have? Does it have a ribbon? Is it leather, is it hardcard? Is it a moleskin? Spiralbound? Lined or blank? Does it have clasps or a lock, something to keep it shut?
It's then that role as supportive wife and comforting mother kick in and shift into auto-pilot. Pushing aside any of ones own feelings to make sure that things feel "as normal" as possible for the kids and that home life is "as normal" as possible for the tired husband to return to at the end of the day.
Thus, if i got to define the diagnostic criteria for autism, i would propose an almost entirely different triad of impairments, consisting of the following 3 components:
PS Was well chuffed that Jo won The Great British Bake Off.
in New Zealand we found the only conservative
I like the fact that historical figures are brought into the story which gave a little something more.
1. In Runweld, go into the larger gray building. You'll find a room similar to above. talk to the man, he is looking for An Erdrickian tablet. One just so happens to be in the cave to left outside town!
Discover Blogging More
1 mottled
Armed rebels are unlikely to stop fighting unless offensives by security forces halt.
Year-to-Date: 34
Oleyl Alcohol/Ocenol – Found in fish oils. Used in the manufacture of detergents, as a plasticizer for softening fabrics, and as a carrier for medications. Derivatives: Oleths, Oleyl Arachidate, Oleyl Imidazoline.
They all had a wonderful night.
That is about it. So much for parental involvement. Two green stickers, a bloody sweatshirt, a few bruises, and 3 happy-ish kids--more like 2 happy kids and a slightly disappointed Payton. Close enough.
And I....?
An extensive case of meat, from beef to rabbit, pork to lamb. The meats look very appealing, and once again diversity reigns. You can even learn the source of some of the meat, and you could probably ask about the source of the rest.
Here is the sketch
SH: But it's not right! We live on 18th Avenue, not 18 Avenue.
Start with a single room of the house that one has long wanted to take on and cleanse thoroughly, and extend to the entire home. One can clean the sink rigorously, with brush, bleach and window cleaner, until it shines radiantly. One can exercise elbow grease on particularly hard patches of tile or the stains on walls or in toilets, and literally scrub and scrape away frustrated rage. End up you will have your house is efficiently cleaned as well.
Centre and periphery
1. Salt and vinegar potato chips. I did have to allow myself one food item. Whoever figured out a way to put vinegar flavor into powder form was a genius.
As its name indicates, functional parts of the machine vanished from sight, and the engine itself became distinct from, and concealed within, the body of the contraption it powered.
So needless to say, expectations are high for the followup, and for the most part the expectations are met. There's a little bit less Beatles here, with an element of 70s-styled singer-songwriter sound in its place, but the end result is bound to please anyone who loved the first album. Things start strongly in the vein of the first album with Ruekberg's excellent and insanely catchy "Caught in the Middle", right out of the Help!-era playbook with Rickenbacker and harmonica galore. (His "I Can't Forget", which appears later in the album, is another great Beatles '65 homage.) Following is the sophisticated pop of Swirsky's title track, a moody midtempo number that compares favorably to some of the debut's standout tracks like "It's No Secret" and "Floating By". Speaking of "Floating By", the piano-based "Picture" is this album's closest cousin with its Bacharachian feel.
Experts point to hotspots between India and Pakistan over the Indus, in the Middle East over the Tigris and Euphrates, and in South-East Asia over the Mekong. “Conflict over water is becoming a huge issue globally,” said Steven Solomon, author of Water: The Epic Struggle for Wealth, Power and Civilisation.
I have the best friends surrounding our family right now. Their genuine concern as well as yours astounds me and I really do feel so much love and energy from all your comments, emails and messages.
“Magic Tree House” is a best-selling children’s book series with over 100 million copies sold worldwide. It tells the story of siblings Jack and Annie, who discover a magical tree house and with it, embark on adventures of dreams, magic, and thrills.
7. The green branches of pines, cedars, and evergreens that reach up against the gray clouds.
Your physician may prescribe powerful drugs that can help you to cure your flat warts.
Beistegui re-landscaped the grounds and created gardens inspired by the Anglo-Chinese gardens of the 18th century and by the 18th century Cooper tents at Hagaparken in Sweden. It is here that he strategically placed his follies: a Chinese pagoda, a labyrinth, a theater of verdure, a Tartar tent and an observation tower.
Other stories, like The Gnomon and The World and the Tree, contain incredibly strong, dreamlike qualities. Sometimes so strong that you want to shake its characters awake, certain that the things they are describing cannot possibly be happening.
3) The battery sucked. It was basically a desktop computer since the battery would only last for about 20 minutes before it passed out and became an ugly, heavy paperweight.
In a way, I've been patiently waiting for this album ever since 2001, when Texas rock trio Lift To Experience released an epic, and epically weird, two-disc concept album about God, prophets, angels, the Lone Star State and the apocalypse. The Texas-Jerusalem Crossroads was and is a brilliant album, with Josh T. Pearson crooning and moaning hauntingly above alternately thundering and graceful rock n' roll testimonials. It was the kind of unforgettable, utterly unique musical statement that's hard to follow up, and the band never did; instead, they broke up, and Pearson all but disappeared except for a few low-key solo tours. Ten years later, he's back with a solo album that's every bit as epic and unforgettable as his old band's one and only album, but in an entirely different way. Gone are the jackhammering guitars and feedback and power trio intensity, replaced by stripped-down, spacious country motifs. For most of the album, Pearson's straining, soulful voice drifts like lonely tumbleweed through a desolate desert populated only by the sparse acoustic plucking of his guitar, with occasional strings winding through this emptiness like the sudden whine of a windstorm. It's a harrowing breakup and breakdown album, as infused with weird spirituality as The Texas-Jerusalem Crossroads. It's confessional and despairing: Pearson pours out his soul in a series of lengthy, meandering pleas to God and/or lovers past and present. There's a deadpan, backwoods wit to song titles like "Honeymoon's Great: Wish You Were Her," but Pearson's voice transforms these wry puns into torturous expressions of guilt and grief. As that song winds through its 12 agonizing minutes, Pearson runs through an emotional gauntlet, wrestling with the conflicting feelings of passion and duty, and finally concluding that he's so weak that, ironically, he'll always desire whoever he isn't with. [buy]
‘Conversely, demotion in a hierarchy decreases dopamine levels, increases stress and reduces cognitive function.’
Have hatched.
About a month ago I was reading other ladies 3 in 30 challenge updates when I came across Amanda's blog. Her challenges for that month were all to do with her upcoming ebook. One of the things that she was asking for was volunteers to read her ebook and then write a review. When I saw the title I was immediately signing up requesting her to pick me.
See, see things in love
Thank you to all the readers of this blog. If anyone finds this blog and wants to share their ACL story as a guest post, please contact me. If you have a blog about ACL surgery and recovery and would like me to add it to my blogroll, feel free to post a comment or email.
Yay! New books!! I love this time of week so that I can share my excitement over the most current books and bookie things with you! I am starting this new weekly post, appropriately titled Weekly Roundup. In this vlog I share the latest news on the blog, as well as the books received. So let’s get started, yes?
Can you imagine living in a hot, dry town right on the ocean, but never going past the palm trees to get into the water? Me neither. I’m writing this with salty skin and sandy toes. Potrero is dreamy for someone who grew up spending summers turning into a prune and being called “little fish.” I started swimming when I was still a baby, and could barely move my chubby legs enough to get from the couch to the coffee table. Regardless, I plopped into every body of water that proved big enough to fit those chubby legs. Most likely because of this upbringing, one of the biggest shocks I encountered coming to this sleepy ocean town was that a vast majority of the women and children couldn’t swim.
 Students of winning schools – no uniforms for the entire last week of school, uniforms can be replaced by school appropriate attire of choice for the entire week!!
-I really like kid snacks like fruit roll ups, gushers, gold fish, animal crackers. Thank goodness I have kids now so when I buy these things for myself it doesn't seem weird.
There is real support for 'reading for pleasure' as an idea, as something which enables young people to make advances in ways that perhaps they haven't before. The support comes from the NUT with its excellent 'Reading for Pleasure' materials, Booktrust, the National Literacy Trust, the Reading Agency, the Campaign for the Book, the many people who signed the 'Just Read' petition, the Evening Standard's reading campaign and so on.
We could think someone was the most amazing, loving person in the world, and when the relationship is over, they have transformed into some heartless villain whose only goal in life was to deceive you, break your heart and do you harm.
Direct. III. When either husband or wife is speaking seriously about holy things, let the other be careful to cherish, and not to extinguish the conversation.(31)
In 2004, William C. Triplett II, a former chief Republican counsel to the Senate Foreign Relations Committee with more than thirty years of experience working on China’s threat national security, wrote a book, “Rogue State: How a Nuclear North Korea Threatens America.” I doubt anyone in the Obama administration has read it.
She forced herself to a single chuckle, trying to match his demeanour. "Not quite that bad. Seven last year. Eight the year before. It was worse in Temmer's day."
06. Remember Me (AESTHETISCHE remix)
Soon afterward my husband came inside. “There’s a bird’s nest in one of our trees!” he announced.
Apart from a number of his connections both on university, national, and international levels; he had also coordinated, organized, chaired, and convened various projects, workshops, and programs inside and outside the university tackling diferent issues, topics and interests. Also, he was frequently being invited to facilitate and moderate plenty of fora, trainings and workshops. He was, furthermore, made famous by constantly being delegated by and representing his school in varied summits, workshop series, congresses, conferences, leaders’ camps, seminars, movements, and conventions about societal cocerns, academic excellence, youth leadership; volunteerism and involvement, and education. Lastly, there was also a good number of fora, seminars, and sessions in which he was invited to take part as a speaker, discussant, or reactor.
Nor are the Protestants immune to this charge. The word ‘roundhead’ still inspires wrath in Ireland, 260 years after its denotation expired. Old townhouses in Holland still contain secret nooks where Catholics worshipped in fear. Michael Servetus perished not in a Catholic but a Calvinist bonfire. Women in 17th century Puritan New England or Lutheran Scandinavia were treated as though those were still the times of 1st century’s 1 Corinthians 14:34-35.
Hong Gil Dong
9) Sometimes the cover-up is worse than the actual crime.
Got a bail of hay this evening, placed it right next to the goat fence, that way the goats can eat it from inside and everyone else can eat it from the outside. Cleo is out eating it now. Had to go check to see why the water pump was running, when Randy drove his tractor out back to drop off the hay, he ran over the “y” and turned the hose on. It’ s been running for a couple of hours.
Cream Satin Ribbon.
Take a look at our Pixie inspiration, using images from the Breeze collection being released today:
Grateful for inspiration and the gift of being inquisitive and open to new ideas.
I'm having more fun interacting with them too. This morning I took two pieces of banana out to them and stood inside the fence. Andy came right up to me for his treat, but Genny hung back and approached me slowly. Soon, though, I had a rabbit eating out of each hand.
I tried to describe and develope those things that coexist with "intensity/feebleness of feeling", "delicacy/rowdiness" and "beauty/ugliness" or something like that in the sounds. I also wanted to express the amplification, the development and the extinction of energies in this world. All this, as well as the hidden side of everything we belong to. Y'know, the sun gives us light but it also contains the dark. Each has its opposite side. Through auhm, I attempted to express those things as much as I possibly can.
Don’t look now, but Maria Sharapova is getting closer and closer to being the player she was before a rotator cuff tear in 2008 derailed her Hall of Fame career for a few years with surgery and spotty play as she worked her way back. She’s not quite the same player who won 3 Major titles, the WTA Tour Championship and was ranked #1. Her serve still isn’t quite consistent enough yet. However, consider that in 2012, she has made the final of the only Major played thus far this year, the Australian Open. Additionally, she has made the final of the last 3 events she has played, Indian Wells, Miami and Stuttgart. Two of those events, Indian Wells and Miami, are considered mini-Majors. So you can say that Masha has made the final of the year’s three biggest events so far. That’s the good news. The bad news is she lost all three, Melbourne and Indian Wells to Victoria Azarenka and Miami to Agnieszka Radwanska. In Stuttgart, playing the final of the 2012 Porsche Tennis Grand Prix, she not only need a win to break the losing streak in big finals this year, but also to stop the momentum Vika has against her. Boy, did Masha deliver!
One thing that amused me when we were studying the states on the East Coast were the number of books I was able to find set during this war, and they all had amusing stories that the “family swore was true.”
3. Post a message on Facebook or Twitter about The Justice Summit.
Money and Possessions
paid: $13.48
Winner : Otley (Pontypridd) - Home from home.
speaking forth mysteries and unleashing divine energy. I declare that
Instead, the Embassy has given over a tap to Coors Light. And another to Blue Moon's spring seasonal (which has little more flavor than Coors Light, and I say this as someone who appreciates regular Blue Moon). And a few more to local brewers.
I'm not to sure of that.
There are many practitioners that will encapsulate your placenta for you. This basically involves mulching it up, drying it out and turning it into a powder form that’s put into tablet capsules for you to take. The benefits are said to be that it can balance your hormones in the weeks and months after birth, increase your milk supply and quality, and increase energy. Its been reported to decrease the risks of developing post natal depression also. In fact it’s not a new idea, its been a traditional Chinese medicine practise for centuries. This needs to be done within 48 hours after birth.
May we ever, Lord, be bringing
* most titles are guesses...
Packaging: A label more a home on a water bottle – which given the lack of taste might be apt
As it is, the story was only a near thing and not what it aimed at. Unfortunately. Still, loads of brownie points for trying!
70AD…
Recommended for those who like enjoy romances that focus on poor girl/rich boy dynamics; bonus for fans of secondary leads that give first leads a run for their money.
So there we have it. I hope you are all as excited about it as I am. I am positively giddy and still keep pinching myself at what I have achieved. From my kitchen table and dreams of teaching to being a part of THE best company ever - RANGER. Obviously the bestest ever news so far is that my products will now be available worldwide, from every Ranger retailer, so you too will be able to get your grubby little mitts on the delightful goodness.
And yes, it 'does change the whole experience', this multiculting. It's a little like mixing all the foods on your plate together into one indistinguishable mush.
No REAL leader of the Chinese would not mention or not address to counter APARTHEID at least in this way. No ethical person would shamelessly accept a quorumless CMship as well . . . so how do you justify dad’s nepotistic choice of CMship?). Not much better than KTK, also DAP has FAILED to keep almost ALL of the campaign promises that brought DAP to power in Penang, and piled abuses of so many kinds . . . worst so-called ‘leader’ ever . . .
I got my approval today to get Seroquel! The only two things which I have to say but for is 1. They have given me regular Seroquel instead of Seroquel XR! 2. My psychiatrist at the hospital which I was at ended up putting down on the request form that I have Bipolar disorder! We found out that my certain healthcare provider doesn’t approve Seroquel for people with depression. So, it’s great that I got approved for it but on the other hand, it’s now listed as one of my many illnesses! That I don’t even have! So, back to the pharmacy tomorrow to check if they made the mistake and if they didn’t make the mistake then it was the doctor who made the mistake, in which case, it’s going to be a big hoo haa again of people shouting at me because I am going in to the doctor’s surgery without an appointment!
Starting Measurements Current Measurements
Today, amid predictions of a Bulgarian population of a mere 5.4 million by 2050, our job is to try to support and strengthen the communities in which we have chosen to make our new home. If we don’t, the decline of village life will not only be Bulgaria’s loss but also ours – financially, emotionally and culturally. If you consider your village has poor services today, what do you suppose they will be like with only half the present population?
(It was a full moon last night... or was I the only one up at 3:00 in the morning?)
I confess I do not like (or agree) with all the political observations that Maass makes in his book. Granted, we both have very skewed perceptions of the conflict and the external circumstances. And even more important for the reader, I am neither a historian nor a political scientist (positions that would allow me to make an educated opinion on why people can be convinced to kill a friend, a neighbor, even a complete stranger just by the manipulation of others).
Look at this one though it’s old and faded,
One need not believe in any particular religion, or even God, or for that matter, any sense of "purpose" in life, in order to acknowledge that the world's religions arguably represent the most sustained historical record of our attempt to make sense of our place in the universe and our relation to one another.
We also needed one empty child's milk carton per child, so I just asked the cafeteria ladies to save me some. That was fairly easy! I had a volunteer wash them and leave them to dry overnight. Then my aide and a volunteer helped to cut the tops off of the cartons. We then measured and cut the paper to fit the cartons and just taped it on. I really didn't think that glue was going to stick to the wax covered carton, so we just decided to go with tape. Once each child's carton was covered with construction paper, then the bodies of the cars were ready to paint. I bought some bamboo skewers and cut them in half, and also cut the pointed end off of them for safety's sake. This formed the axle of the wheel.
1. Hello Jamie! How are you? What are you doing? What are you listening to right now?
Wei snorted in disgust. Valdosta reminded him of one of his early posts back home in China. Flat and uninteresting with a slack-jawed and uneducated population, the world would have been better-served, in Wei’s mind, if towns like Valdosta – and the little rural village where Wei had assumed his first company command – were wiped from the map rather than assimilated.
So far, by my count, just about every person you run into has some off illusion about themselves, and life. These estimations are always so far fetched. So wrong…
The group released their lone LP in the spring of 1995 and broke up while on tour later than summer. Their last show was in Little Rock, Arkansas where they broke up on the road, reportedly because Victor ended up in the hospital from overdosing and he was a trainwreck of self destructive behavior.
Our residents are women and children who are victims of domestic violence and need temporary safe shelter or who become homeless due to other extreme hardships and circumstances. Most of them come from the north and northwest suburbs of Chicago’s Cook and Lake Counties, the city of Chicago and surrounding areas.
The Dervish House is a complex book, with the point of view changing every eight or so pages. The constant changing of character means that the story is always fresh, as you wait to find out what has happened to a character or what they will do next.
All you have to do is comment here and tell me where you would like to vacation this summer! I love comments anytime, but the deadline for prize entries is Tuesday, April 3 at midnight CST. For those of you who commented a few days ago on Hop Arts Design Day, those will be counted! I accidentally added this giveaway then instead of today. Winners will be announced on the Hoedown Blog April 5th so be sure to check!
It Was A Very Good Year
Because their romance for the ages could go up in flames . . . forever.
After then, you will not be entered into the candy.
I’ve spent twice as much on school-supplied basketballs that fell right apart. This ball is a great deal.
She won with the word "medicine". (I've taught her well, eh?)
hi. underneath this costume, i'm wearing a onesie that has no crotch.
Sustenance Group connected TwitChange and CARE for a very special March 2011 International Women’s Day campaign to support CARE’s work to empower girls and women in more than 70 countries around the world. Thanks to TwitChange founders Shaun King and Jinean Robinson, as well as Chad Kellough, and also Joey Leslie from Studio Good, for their infectious enthusiasm, passion and unwavering belief that we can change the world one tweet at a time! And special thanks to CARE’s Amanda Bolster, Shannon Darke, Toby Smith, Staci Dixon, and Red Engine Digital for implementing the partnership!
I had planned to wear Bianka today. Alas, Bianka did not want to cooperate. I think she may be leaving my closet soon because I just can't get her to look good. I already had the skirt/tights/boots on and there was no way in hell I was peeling off that many layers, so this is what I ended up with. This is probably the best I've done with this sweater so far, even if I am a big ol' jumble of complementary colors.
“Dr. Buckman and Ling were knowing participants in ongoing intelligence-based work with mind altering drugs. I ‘met’ Buckman in London when I was 13, but encountered him again years later at the university medical school in the United States where he was on the faculty.
You know how it takes your computer a while to start up from a cold boot until the time you can actually start doing something with it? My brain is like that.
yet be so bitter cold?
Look, as I’ve said, Albert Pujols is great. At some point, he will likely come out of this “funk” and begin to “earn his hefty keep.” I’m sure the Angel’s intention was to get the best of his home run ball for the next few seasons, and he certainly can hit ‘em! It seemed a worthy investment; a bold move for a team and an owner whohas been close to contention each of the past few seasons.
Half-time – Can’t believe it’s half-time all ready. Where does the time go? In my case, it goes into the crushing duopoly of a loveless marriage and a hateful existence. Off for a pie.
That the high ranking individuals within the United Nations, not to mention the EU would appear to take a similar view suggests that their self proclaimed passionate dedication to the right of self determination extends only to certain nations in selected continents. One would have to also ask that if Switzerland is in contravention of international law how can Saudi Arabia which entirely bans the building of churches, synagogues and temples possibly not be?
We will be accepting requests next week; we’re looking to pick up one or two series. If you’ve got something in mind, here’s what we’re looking for:
***Proven effective for weight loss
When we cook like this, I do all the kitchen prep and Pritchard Parker is the master of the grill.
Ari knows she should report him, but everything about Jackson makes her
Second, I think that the quality of the message provides us with far more opportunity than the meticulousness of the targeting. The marketing industry seems to have bought into the fantasy that media strategy -- not the message -- is where the leverage is. It is pretty clear from the results that, so far, this hypothesis has been wrong.
So, that is my current food obsession that I share with you. Find some! Quickly. And eat it! It’s good!!
I made this crochet flower square to be the centre piece for a cushion I'm going to make for my daughter.
Right there in that moment is when he penned the awe-inspiring words:
flutters but never flies away. 8/9 of
As a long-time member of the intactivist/genital integrity movement, I feel though it’s not directly related to childfreedom, it’s time I take a public stand in favor of GI on this blog. Love me or hate me, I don’t give a damn.
I just couldn't leave well enough alone! LOL!!! This step would have likely filled my needs for a nice, soft cloudy background. But nooo . . . I needed to brighten it up a bit more. So I used a brighter blue and went through the same steps again. Here's what happened . . .
If UFOs and Aliens are real,
Two years ago I wrote a post called The Notebooks. When I was at university I did a creative writing course where I had to carry around a notebook. I had to write down quotes, observations and ideas that I had. Ever since then I have carried a little A6 notebook in my handbag. Carrying around a notebook is like always having a favourite book with you. When you are bored, stuck in the traffic or waiting for an appointment you can read pages and pages of things you love.
There were some portents of this in some of the premier designers over the last few years but now it's officially trickled down and it seems that this is a trend they are pushing for us plebs. I am talking about the infamous 'cut out wedge'.
With March nearly over I’ve been finding myself dreaming about sunny and warm Spring days. Last week it seemed like the warmer temps were here to stay, sadly this week proves different – But day dreaming about wearing my new mint jeans instantly brings a little sunshine to my week.
Now while, I did plan the Pudding and the Hummus - I have made the pudding before and the hummus is something I have been wanting to try - the Spanish Chicken and the Stew just came together at the last minute (especially the chicken which I made up my mind about only in the afternoon!) and it all turned out to be Nigella's recipes!! Truly, her stuff is eminently doable and so so hassle free.
The higher heavenly celeste realms are protected from darkness and evil gatecrashers. Most of these have a shimmering door through which one has to go in order to reach them, and they are often guarded by the spiritual essence of the wolf. It is the wolf’s spiritual duty to stand guard before these doors and prevent those of less than pure heart entry…it is a wonderful privilege and responsiblity given to these incredible animals and creatures of god and Gaia. Any soul who is in the least bit corrupt will be denied entry..this is the only way to prevent these realms from contamination, and the wolf,s presences is graceful, yet imposing and they do a wonderful job.
” Oh,remember the night we met,two days after i said yes to Kavya and the cosy little weak moment we had ? “, I was all smiles.And malice. ” What,did you,like this fool with the ring over there,think that the baby was his ? “
In a medium bowl, combine the flour, baking powder, baking soda, salt, cinnamon, nutmeg, and ginger. Whisk well to blend.
“How long's this been dead,” she inquired as she patted the waterproof canvas.
The skies meanwhile were alive with the sound of … helicopters. In Gold Cup week, the rich at play are supported in their quest to offload loadsa cash by being ferried about in the air. It’s so green you could weep.
Do you remember in high school reading those short stories or plays that were written in the code of old English and if you did not have the teacher there to help interpret you had no clue as to what was going on? For me, that is how a lot of Edgar Allan Poe’s stories were. They were so well written that each word summed up what other authors would spend pages trying to explain. Now that I am a few years older since I first read some of those stories I have a new found appreciation for them especially after seeing The Raven today.
9. Who Are You (Livin’ Blues, Christiansen) 4:16
I want to be the perfect mom for Charlotte and I'm struggling with the fact that I'm not. I try to tell myself that it's impossible to be a perfect mom 24/7. Unfortunately, knowing this and accepting this are 2 very different things.
It's not the strange way you contacted me 4 years later, 4 months before I got married, wanting to "just hang out sometime" and "exchange mix cds".
However, for those at the top of the tree, people such as Rosie O’Donnell, it is making them a lot of money, a lot more than any of the skeptics or historians on the other side.
The obvious starting point is with the advertisers that brainwash children, and there are many example of this: of weekend morning television programming; predatory websites; the corporations that advertise in schools; and the makers of violent films and computer games. (The Federal Trade Commission has revealed that the last set of companies intentionally targeted their advertisements at children, even though the children were not of sufficient age to be allowed to view the films or buy the games.)
Last night spent the night with my beautiful boyzzz watching the Manchester derby. Pizza and drinks and laughs always best! Once best team won, went to bed with smile on face despite seeing a spiteful tweet about me being creepy, noone liking me and me being a ‘mong,’ in manner of inappropriate child.
4x peppercorns, ground
It turns out that some of the devs had felt constrained by Grails testing infrastructure, being junit 3 based. So they decided to slip some junit 4 tests in there for their own personal use.
At least during all this time I have been taking pictures and videos, so I do have quite a backlog to work with. But we will put that aside for future posts and jump ahead to the recent Easter holiday weekend this past weekend. It was a great time. My wonderful mother-in-law and sister-in-law came to visit, play with the kids, and keep this temporarily single mommy sane. And I must give photo credit where it is due. My mother-in-law provided all the pictures in the first half of the post and I want to say THANKS! I did Easter Sunday.
I’ve never seen a decision to leave made that quick.
(She was only reproductive.)
Heat the griddle and rub the butter on it. Then pour a medium ladle full of batter add let still for 1 minute. Then flip the pancake and cook for 1 more minute.
Cat and Cream would like to wish everyone a prosperous Lunar New Year of The Dragon.
I will admit that I’ve been a bit discouraged and, in all honesty, have had trouble staying on plan this weekend. It’s pretty normal for me to use Saturday as my “free” day, but today hasn’t been too great either.
The International Labour Organization this morning (Mon 30th Apr) warned that austerity measures are hurting job markets worldwide, and predicted global unemployment of 202 million people in 2012, up six million from last year. The ILO’s World of Work Report 2012 said fiscal austerity and labor market reforms had had “devastating consequences” for employment while mostly failing to cut deficits, and warned that governments risked fueling unrest unless they combined tighter spending with job creation.
Actually, a good number were just Community Board members. And some of the most vocal people were, in the history of Atlantic Yards activism, never "die-hard" opponents but rather "mend-it-don't-end-it" BrooklynSpeaks types.
The actual experience of pregnancy is something else again. All those other blissful and very pregnant women stretch and happily rub their enormous bellies in the locker room of the Y after that prenatal yoga class, while Eva looks glum. She walks out of the gym amidst a stream of giddy six-yr-old ballet students and is unmoved by their pink tutued effervescence.
'It's especially difficult if you do sports because the element of competition you see in your game is transferred to the bar,' she says. 'I felt very pressured at the beginning. When we were travelling back from a game on the coach, there was a tradition whereby you had to down lots of port.'
spring and pink allergic eyes
Though it excludes religious groups, the New York City school board’s policy permits private organizations to use school facilities for reasons that benefit the community. In addition to the 60 or so churches that meet weekly in the city’s public schools, non-Christian religious groups use school buildings with less frequency.
We learned tonight that W3C’s approach to developing the recommendation for HTML 5 is more grassroots that previous efforts. Instead of developing the recommendation and having browsers adopt it (which resulted in browsers picking and choosing what they used), most browser organisations are involved in the working group and are building the language ahead of the recommendation. HTML 5 won’t be ‘done’ until around 2020, but it will be able to adopted by developers as it develops. Nice.
The phrase “You have faith” in the above verse could also be imperative: “Have faith.”
Steals of the First Round:
“I deserve a second term but we’re not done,” Obama told NBC’s Matt Lauer in an interview broadcast from the White House.
I can’t explain why closing the DRS and braking calmed this resonance so quickly, but the wing rapidly returns to the low-amplitude, high-frequency vibration seen elsewhere on track.
As I sit here at my desk on the computer, I hear and watch the rain quietly falling against my window. The photo of my office space off from the kitchen up above looking out was taken when it was snowing.
Not everything came up, which I reminds me, I need to write down my seed sprouting ratio's again. I have always sown extra and often needed to find more space for things, so this year I limited myself to about the same number of plants, except the tomatoes, and peppers. Funny how three kale plants sprouted, and all six broccoli... ummm two broccoli plants provide enough for our family all summer.
Cupid was cut from black shrink plastic...voila...a hood ornament for the old jalopy! I cut apart a sticker from the Seasonal Salvage Sticker package so I have the faces of a little boy and little girl in the windows (recycled packaging from the dies) and the heart is in Cupid's hand.
I just have one random thought this week: I wish I could sing.
The International/Green Zone was the primary target, although mortars landed in other nearby districts of downtown Baghdad (most probably because of poor targeting), while US military bases were also targeted with the tactic elsewhere in the central provinces.
them sled rides next winter.
*Light as a Feather - $48*
Body: TITAN
So there you have it. A quick and easy way to make a few new resolutions for this coming year and a preview of my goals!
Okay, so in one of those shows, I was a superhero who was torn between wanting to save the world and wanting to serve the world.
If I could say ‘OH MY GOD’ I would but it seems after years of seeing OMG in text form it would seem trite to use it to explain how I currently feel. I have contacted the Union, the HR department and I am almost ending this part of my career with something called a compromise agreement. I will get full pay until the end of December and a good reference. Then I am alone, cast out in my new transgender role. OMG! OMG! Scared and excited, terrified and proud of my strength.
~~Kathy~~
Like most writers I seem to spend lots of time social networking, marketing and so on; but there's another computer-linked activity that I love getting stuck into, and that's researching my family history.
Have you ever wondered, if all the politicians are against inflation and high taxes, WHY do we have inflation and high taxes?
- Finding the perfect shade of lipstick
I embellished the card with a bit of Basque Red vintage seam binding that I pleated and stitched in place using my sewing machine. I covered the stitches with Plum Divine Twine and used more of the twine to create a loopy button.
TODAY.com reported in February, that Nestle was going to be making Girl Scout candy bars. The wait is almost over.
As I type this, I am nervous for Jamar Rogers. Give me one good reason to get mad and tweet “I AM NEVER WATCHING THE VOICE AGAIN!” And that would be a lie regardless of how this decision goes. But I am crossing my fingers. Will America or Cee Lo cause me to throat chop my television set? We shall see…
I worked out alot this past year, but the scales didn't reflect lower numbers. I did, however, lose a couple of inches, but not enough to change my clothes size. I have also observed that I am an emotional eater. Now since confession is good for the soul, I hope acknowledging that fact will help me to watch it. So when I'm in a stressful event or just feeling bored - I need to learn how to relieve that feeling by a more productive way... other than eating.
Peter Schiff: Well, I’m not sure. They might. Sometimes they buy gold, sometimes they sell it. I don’t know how strategic they are. But one thing I know for sure: the price is going to go up, regardless of what the Fed is trying to do.
Garnier Moisturizer $2/1
As I said before, the first money I spent was for professional advice on my ‘story’. For me, this is crucial. It’s the core of the business, the heartbeat of everything we do. If you have a great story, everything else can be fixed. But if your story is weak, it’s much harder to turn that around. I’ve attended seminars on story creation, ‘Robert McKee’ and ‘Dave Freeman’s Beyond Structure’ for example, so I was pretty sure I had the knowledge to write a well structured tale, but I wanted to be sure.
After every boot camp session, I have left with a red, sweaty face, a body that feels as though it's been wrung out, legs almost too wobbly to walk, and a huge grin. Christian thinks it's hilarious to watch me wince when I attempt to play with the kids on the floor (because my glutes are so excruciatingly sore that I literally cannot sit down). I have, for three weeks now, been completely aware of my muscles with every movement that I make. Mostly because they all hurt.
Joseph Anthony Eacobacci, 26, New York, N.Y.
With unmelodious howl.
When I saw her again on Thanksgiving, night shift when I went to work, she approached me right away upon seeing my shadow. Her eyes gleaming with happiness.
By now, we were eager to know the true value of our spoon (for insurance purposes). Google revealed that a pack of 100 plastic dessert spoons costs €2.17 on http://www.easyequipment.ie. That’s a miniscule 2.2c each, which means that SoBo’s spoons could be yielding up to an 890pc profit. There’s money to be made from spoons – in spades.
Abbey Bodeker also won the 100m hurdles and 300m hurdles
Judith xx
1 extracted
The other day I met a group of three people from the next street and asked them whether they were from odd or even numbered houses. The first one murmured something that was too soft to hear. The second replied, “He said he was from an odd numbered house.” The third then said to the second, “You are a liar!”
Now, take a step back and reread those reasons. Do you see a problem here?
Have you ever watched kids playing on a merry go round or listened to the rain lapping on the ground? Ever followed a butterfly’s erratic flight or gazed at the sun into the fading night? Do you run through each day on the fly? When you ask ‘How are you?’ Do you hear the reply?
“Come on,” Megan said, continuing her march down the corridor. I shook my head and followed.
'Larry the Lamb' pincushion was so much fun to work on ~ isn't he a cutie? He's from a Hatched and Patched pattern and I tweaked the 'flowers' from wool to buttons, but otherwise he's made of all 100% WOOL!!! I weighted him w/crushed walnut shells so you can add your pins to him and keep them sharp at the same time!
I know what you are probably thinking. Dressing room? Seriously? I know. We are spoiled. We just had this giant section of unused space, and because there are no windows, we were really limited with what we could do with it.
He made his presence known (in a good way).
Colourist: FCO Plascencia
The wife has been ill for some time, in fact I rarely saw her, but she always waved and smiled when we passed on the road. Last month they packed up and moved out to live with one of their children in Arizona. Jesse and I thought it was for her health, but last week, we found out that they had lost their home. She's been so sick for the last few years, that they had to take out a mortgage on their home to pay for her medical bills. They couldn't keep up and the bank foreclosed. Today I spoke to their granddaughter at the grocery store and found out that the wife is in the hospital and not doing well physically. She seems to have given up and doesn't want dialysis or treatment anymore. I understand; she's grieving the loss of her home. This is a couple who worked hard their whole lives to raise their children and have a nice home. But then she became ill, and everything changed. Instead of being able to relax in their retirement in the home they worked on for over fifty years, they will spend the rest of their lives moving from one of their children's homes to the next.
For this challenge, use the technique Tim demos in the video linked above to create a tag, card, scrapbook page-- anything you wish.
In my personal opinion – based upon the evidence I have collected and analysed – most of these problems other citizens whine endlessly about are a result of (A) citizens who lack honourable problem solving skills; and (B) overpopulation colliding with declining or scarce resources.
The old Voortrekker Streets all over South Africa are now being renamed to Chris Hani and Nelson Mandela streets and other names of people who, unlike the old Voortrekkers, actually have contributed absolutely nothing to the development of those streets whatsoever.
They sought to rob the homes with folks inside because they knew they could hold them at gun point and make them show them where everything was, an assistant Palm Beach Countystate attorney told the Post.
3. In your comment you leave for me you must
Which brings me to this month's Gluten-Free Ratio Rally challenge: cookies.
Here is Elsa's office before her organization decoration take-over:
I want to be able to actually mail these, so they're minus
Slice mushrooms and mince garlic. In a large skillet, saute them in butter. While they are sauteing, cut chicken into bit size cubes. Add chicken and cook almost all the way through. Remove everything from the skillet to a bowl. Add wine or chicken stock to deglaze the pan. When most of the alcohol has cooked away or the chicken stock reduces, add heavy cream. Stir for about 10-15 minutes on high until cream thickens. Add dill, paprika, salt and pepper. Reduce heat to medium low and add chicken. Gently cook until chicken is cooked all the way through in the sauce. Do not boil the chicken or it will get tough. When chicken is just cooked through, remove from heat and add sour cream. Stir until incorporated. Serve with pasta, rice or just eat it by itself!
Mearls: It's a combination of the two. D&D covers so much ground, that we can balance stuff based on combat without actually balancing anything for a specific campaign. We're looking at each area of the game - combat, exploration, interaction - and making sure that characters can contribute in each area. It's maybe 50/50 art and science.
The only problem was, no pictures.
The maps are still too small though. Bigger, but too small. The first one that gets an enemy town or a neutral town, wins, simply because that player gets so much more army than the other. Even a few days head start on building creatures in your second town, will win you the game. The others will not have the time to catch up because once again, the world is too small.
The writing style is pretty much what I expected it to be. No favorite quotes or memorable lines I had to mark here but it still kept me gripped and hooked till the end. The writing is simple and descriptive but not brain twisting and confusing. It’s not even one of the love stories that inspire me to love life (One Day, Looking For Alaska) but I would still recommend Dear John.
I sometimes read Dalrock's blog on marriage. He's not writing from a Christian point of view, but he is very interested in marriage and in keeping marriages together, and as such he frequently comments on how today's culture works to undermine marriage.
an impromptu braided bracelet from the tides....
Rather than continue to promulgate such a false dichotomy between YA and adult books, between genre fiction and literary fiction, between popular and classics, why can't we agree to judge each story on its own merits? A good book is a good book.
After I began losing my keys two or three times a week, I knew it was more than simple carelessness. I am the Queen of Organization. I make beaucoup lists. I know what's buried in every pile of papers on my desk. And I carry a purse in which each important item has its own special compartment.
FB: (pause) NO WAY.
Why have there been no reviews in the broadsheets of this Danish serial killer series? After all, Troels from the Killing is in it; Rie popped up last night, as the wife of the psychopath.. Presume it’s because it’s ITV3, not BBC4. No woollen jumpers, it’s true, but Katrine, the damaged heroine, has established a sort of uniform of her own. they are pretty much a disaster as police; there have been four episodes, I think; she was kidnapped and tortured in one, taken hostage in a prison and nearly raped in the next, had a week’s rest while Thomas, her sidekick, went undercover and was beaten up and came close to being killed – and in the last one, she had a brief, vigorous affair with the psychopath of the week – and, yes, was nearly murdered. I love those ballet-like bits when they go into dark, derelict buildings, holding their pistols out before them in a double handed grip, then spin round, dart round corners, etc. Unmissable – unless, of course, you missed it. Repeated Saturday night.
o Grease a loaf tin
djp
Look them in the eye
Your visitor won't feel attraction to your content if you buy low quality articles.
Castle, as you say, has layers. There are some pretty heavy themes going on in the background: bad parenting, the threat of war, political and scientific responsibility, and what happens to children when grownups do the wrong things for what they think are the right reasons. It has a complex plot set in an alternative world and the hardest thing of all was to juggle all of that and keep the narrative moving forward at a page-turning pace.
This one is mislabeled as the final pool game. It's not. This is part of the first game vs. Minnesota Fats. If you haven't seen this movie or haven't seen it in a while, it's on Netflix. Great movie.
Getting this sort of access should not be in the gift of a party.
I'm not naturally - all of the time - an extrovert. I want to be. HOWEVER I know I need to be comfortable in my better-dressed introvert skin...still be me... be real... be a good close friend (chummy) with one or two...and a "friend" friend (with my dry, quick-witty sense of humor, my warm friendly smile, my reservedness, staying on the surface and goodwill- come across as an "extrovert"...) to the 50,000 others that I know.
Pandiraj’s untitled rom-com
I was once a liberal. I often said many of the aforementioned quotes. But, after Hillary lost the nomination, I reassessed myself. I started reading McCain’s platform. I dove into the world of politics – I haven’t looked back since. I’m an ardent young conservative because I believe people should earn their money, then keep and spend it at their own will. The majority shouldn’t have to pay for the failures of the minority – enough entitlements and handouts; that’s called socialism.
The word order of the Hindi sentence is “door near chair on sitting girl” – the exact reverse of the English sentence.
Chris has been working tons of overtime. He is always at work early in the morning, usually goes back in after dinner, and works weekends. He had knee surgery in December and that set us back a little financially since he couldn't bartend for a few months. He is recovered for the most part, and is working his butt off to get ahead a little before summer gets here. Now that football season is over, he manages to find time to watch a little basketball, and is getting ready for softball/baseball season. He is still unsure about playing softball this summer after his knee surgery, but I think if I keep on him to get out and start running on it...he can do it.
3) Istanbul has the highest rate of unibrows per capita in the entire world.
Plants can be grown as easily along indoor walls as they can all over outdoor ones. Here’s an example of a vertical garden located in a kitchen:
Citi® cardmembers will have access to pre-sale tickets through Citi's Private Pass® Program beginning April 23rd in select markets. For complete presale details visit www.citiprivatepass.com.
What’s your favorite museum?
2009 saw more complications in the working structure of Head Office. Even though more finance was coming in to the Party than ever before, we were losing seats we had won previously and even more discontent was being passed on to me by grass-roots activists to pass on to the Chairman. This was becoming more and more frustrating because he clearly wasn’t listening! No doubt he was basking in the success of the European elections which saw two MEPs successfully elected.
Knowing that I had to be up for clinical at 5:45 the next morning, I told myself I could only stay for three songs of Tom Petty. I walked out the gate while the third dong was fading away. Good thing too, because it started to rain just before I got on the shuttle bus. Apparently the band stopped playing after the fourth song.
Just when you think it’s another jam piece, Jónsi’s singing comes in at full force
51. Albino Drake – you get this for having 50 mounts! Congratulations.
The other program I did not use because you are supposed to download it first. It scares me since I am afraid of messing my laptop. Did any of you download it? Without a problem? I'd appreciate if you could tell me.
1. Where does time exist? In what realm?
I had praise for Julian Gough’s last novel, Jude: Level 1, a barmy, barnstorming satire on boomtime Ireland in which “realism doesn’t get a look-in but reality is ever-present.” That book has now been retrospectively retitled Jude in Ireland, to match this second volume in a projected trilogy (Jude in America is still to come). But one of my concerns for the first book was how, even at 180 pages, it risked straining the reader’s patience for its antic comic style. How then will we fare with the sequel, fully twice the length?
Hear it for New York, New York, New York!
Archetype - Poison Pen (applied to inner lid with MAC 239 by patting)
784 **D-X/12(A)/1979. “One’s Character is One’s Fate?” Response to an Award, The Fund for Justice, Chicago Council of Lawyers, Palmer House, Chicago, Illinois. (Incorporated in Item C-1978(10), above, and in Item C-1986(3), above, pp. 624-28.)
spray. I casually pepper spray everything. I’m the pepper
Men Killed by Jonah - 5
One, that I used to be (probably still am) an avid objectifier of the male body. I oversimplified sex into the orgasms I get, which is funny because I didn't even used to get them back in the old days... Won't say if objectifying men is a good or bad thing, but I will say it's a fruitless thing, for all the women who are trying to "reclaim their identity" by sleeping with as many men as they can. This is coming from a woman who has a fuck-all attitude with men, who has been there done that, but also a woman who has resigned herself to fate. I can tell you that it does little to put you on equal levels with men, that embracing an identity that men themselves made for you (the whore) does little to change what people think of that identity, that even if imitating male sexuality means you finally do something "active" "for yourself", you will still have to change the perception that being active is not exclusively a male sexuality (which is an uphill battle, and also questions where your subjectivity is coming from) but enough of that rant today. Moving on.
It was possibly Daniel Alfredsson’s last game as a Sen.
Farmie and I have talked quite a bit about what the next step will be. We are both in agreement that neither one of us want to do another cycle over the summer. We go to our lake place 2 hrs away on the weekends and I don't want to wake up at 5:00 am to go into town for labs on a Sunday. The lake is our retreat, a place we look forward to going all year around. It's very special to us and very important to Farmie and his family. We don't want to bring IVF there. It's saturated everything else and we want to keep the lake free of that.
I chose a college primarily because of its reputation as a “party school.” After all, college wasn’t just about getting an education and launching my career–it was also about having a good time, right? And boy, did I ever have a good time! So good, in fact, that I quickly found that things like going to class, doing my homework, and showing up for tests were all getting in the way.
A marriage in 1960 followed by a stint in the Army that included life in Columbia, South Carolina, then a divorce, job hunting and employment, all combined to keep me from my most enjoyable pastime, fishing, for a long while. However, I did manage to make a few casts from Grand Cayman’s Ironshore while spending one week of my annual vacation there in 1972 .
South Beach Single Girl Guide Tip: Don’t arrive until around 1 a.m. or you and your group of newbies will be inquiring as to why all the talk.
But just like wet cat, I too am not amused. Last night, before it started raining, I heard the thunder, and wasn't sure if it was just thunder, or a building exploding somewhere. I know that that's how the terrorists win, but after that bomb scare this weekend, I'm a little on edge. I actually called my friend to make sure she thought it was thunder. Then I turned on CNN just to be sure.
This week is Holy Week for the Christian faith. This is the week in which we mourn and celebrate the death of the Lord Jesus Christ. It is a week that stands out amongst all other weeks. The week begins with Palm Sunday. It is here that the Jesus rode into Jerusalem on a donkey. People were all in the streets praising Him as the Son of David. They waived palm branches and shouted,
Be the wonderful child you know you are and treat your mom to a memorable Mother’s Day in Manhattan. There may be no better place in the world to mark a special occasion, or to make any occasion special. As usual Manhattan offers a full store of goodies for Mother’s Day celebrants.
"It is a lot of money in the negative," he said. "Something I could never, ever, afford to pay back.
I Can’t Believe I Said That by Lisa Hall-Wilson – Lisa shares several stories of times where she stuck her foot in her mouth, usually because of her innocent misunderstanding. This is a very funny post and one that I related to a little too well.
… until the inevitable happened. They were both short-listed for the RSPB Bird Poet of the Year Award.
2. Add 2-3 drop of oil in a pan and roast the peanuts.
I've also been thinking about this blog a lot. I had a friend tell me that she doesn't look at my blog anymore because she was trying to lose weight and everything I was posting was so unhealthy.
MENTION “TWIG” FOR FIVE-DOLLAR ADMISSION AT THE STUDIO ENTRANCE
On August 24, 2011, Senator Richard Burr will host the 2011 North Carolina Aerospace Supplier Conference along with the North Carolina Military Business Center and the North Carolina Aerospace Association in Greensboro, North Carolina.
Music has always been part of my life, so I loved this challenge. I listen to pretty much everything, depending on my mood and well too tell you the truth my kids are introducing me to the stuff they like...LOL. Most of it is good but other stuff well...enough said...LOL.
Anna's fascination with Abel and Micha, and the way his story weaves a spell that draws her in, is completely convincing, as the same story absolutely captivated me. It also forms a lovely counterpoint to the starkness of Abel's situation, and extends and sustains the tension in the mystery aspect of the novel. Anna's naivety as a comfortable middle-class kid is alternately endearing and frustrating as you can see what she can't and are rooting for her. In some respects, reading this book is like watching a beautifully choreographed car crash in slow motion. I don't think I've ever been so unable to see a way for a book to end happily and simultaneously so unwilling to turn away.
However, the filter was a 72mm thread and the new lens had a 52mm thread, so some way had to be found of mounting the filter to the lens and I done it by the very novel way of mounting the filter on a piece of square black plastic and mounting this on a slide-in filter mount and it worked most of the time. This set up allowed me to compose the shot then all I needed to do was slip in the filter and make the exposure… but there was a small problem of the occasional ghostly bokeh, a hexagonal shaped patch of light could be seen on some images and in the end I was losing more shots than I kept and that R72 filter got forgotten about, until today.
There’s a good chance Emma will show the same dandelion picking and cartwheel turning prowess I had in the outfield during t-ball games.
Wow. Project 52: completed! Is it really over?
When it comes to Mail Art and Collaborations, I feel like one of the dinosaurs. When I recently looked through a big trunk in our guest room, full-to-brimming with Mail Art, it was like time travel at its best. Imagine? – a whole community of artists exchanging Artwork through the Mail…..before computers!
Okay, some of these things listed MUST be addressed, but not during your dedicated writing time.
1-2 cups shredded cheddar cheese
You further quote your Guru Maharaja cautioning about sahajiya:
Dr. Muhammad Muhsin Khan, the translator of the Noble Qur’an and the Sahih AlBukhari, has translated this article from Arabic to the English language with all its fervor and feelings. May Allah reward him with best of His Rewards.
Cream bar stools are eye-appealing, comfortable, and most of all completely tailorable to the style, design and ambiance of your venue. There are different heights, styles, materials, colors available today which offer you an endless range of options to choose from. If you are running a bar then have to choose the bar stools, adjustable bar stools swivel stools or stools with either a fixed or flexible back. Consider the best suits your establishment.
It's true. I try to avoid them at all costs, but somehow they always sneak into my books. I'm pretty sure it's because my brain knows they need to be there and it constructs a build-up to it while I'm not looking. Then I get to the scene and say, "Aww, man...they have to kiss here, don't they?"
Awww how sad, Kate Gosselin‘s ‘Kate Plus 8‘ has finally been cancelled. I’ll tell ya one person who’s NOT sad about this: Jon Gosselin!
Anybody have, or can make, a high-res (600dpi would be nice) scan of the original LP cover? The original is full color while the CD reissue is greyscale. I've not been able to source quality versions of either on the webz.
God wants you to be able to walk in truth and in victory. Don’t believe the age old lie, ‘If people know you—they’ll reject you’. You were created by a loving God. You were made in His image. You are lovable. You don’t have to hide who you are. You will find healing as you are honest and open with people about where you’ve been, where you are, and where you’re going. If anyone has a problem with the truth—ask them to pray for you.
Hath told you Caesar was ambitious:
I refer to the idea that, in order to be picked for a college equestrian team, you have to be an expert rider. Every year I encounter students who have either created this idea within their own minds or have been told this by well-meaning parents, coaches, and/or friends. And every year, I have to work hard to dispel the myth and try to prevent it from trickling down into the next generation of collegiate riders.
Week 3
Video: The Migron story A new “crisis of Zionism” every decade Allen West gets it right again Overnight music video: Passover Rhapsody, a Jewish rock opera State Department regards Israel and Jerusalem as separate entities Park Slope BDS defeated/Buy Israeli Goods Official anti-Israel events at Columbia Law School HILARIOUS (& Sad) VIDEO: America’s Future Women are Dumber Than Ever US Ambassador visits Mea Shearim before Passover (video) Irony alert: Beinart appearance in Berkeley canceled, Jewish Voice for Peace charges ‘McCarthyism’ Paris: ‘Brave’ jihadi ‘youth’ beat up 12-year old boy AvitalLeibovich: This morning I’m attending the annual women’s day event in the #IDF. More than 90% of the positions in #IDF are opened for women. #respect PA TV broadcasts clip calling Jews a “disease” Map at memorial erases Israel PA TV broadcasts clip erasing Jewish presence and history in the land of Israel BDS’ers lose in Brooklyn Те, кто остался в живых, История Сергея Сушона by yadvashemrussian idfonline: בשעה 11:05 יקיים פיקוד העורף ניסוי צפירה ביישובים מודיעין-מכבים-רעות, מודיעין עלית, אלעד, ראש העין, בית דגן, שוהם ונמל התעופה “בן גוריון” idfonline: כמו כן תישמע צפירה במועצות האזוריות הבאות: חבל מודיעין, מטה בנימין, גזר, דרום השרון ועמק לוד. ייתכן ותישמע צפירה ביישובים הסמוכים US to fund Israeli dependence on Iron Dome “One of America’s closest allies” (video) Guardian Gives Platform to Promote Terrorist-Organized “Global March to Jerusalem” ‘Tis the season for deja vu all over again in Egypt Катар делит арабский мир по заказу США Fatah/Hamas reconciliation efforts at a standstill. What will happen next? The Middle East Sampler 3/28/2012: The Media’s Selective Support Of Israeli Democracy There is one and only one effective answer to terror “Jewish Voice for Peace” suddenly cares about free speech IAF trains emergency medical care and rescue forces British MP receives death threats for defending Israel Soccer Dad’s Middle East Media Sampler Arlene Kushner On Israel’s Barukh Binah’s Lecture Of J Street 26,211 tons of goods enter the Gaza Strip
Special note to bloggers who are participating in the 2011 Civil War Challenge at War Through the Generations will want to read this one.
For those of us that have live in society it is a given: no matter the steps you take, you can be reaping what your neighbor sows. If that neighbor finds it to be financially practical to run a shooting range in his yard, no matter the steps taken for safety you may be playing in the yard with your family and end-up shot. The same can (and is) being said for oil drilling.
We usually do not have a hard time finding unskilled laborers for tent crew and we do not place inexperienced employees in our animal department. Please inquire about positions with our company if you have specific skills or experience. If it is not a traditional circus skill or it’s an “off the wall” experience, let us know what you think you would contribute to our organization.
is perfect for “Listen to Reading”. They have a huge selection of books
Honestly, I can't imagine life without that awesome kid. He has grown to be the most amazing eight year old boy. He is responsible and respectful, loving and light hearted, he has a heart of gold and is as smart as a whip! I am so proud to be his mama. He's come a long way from that 5 pound baby boy we were terrified to even hold, but he captured my heart in a way I never knew possible. He changed me. He made me a mom. He has taught me so much and I am so excited to continue to grow with him.
i sat down to the computer to start editing this morning and one obstacle after the next kept getting thrown my way. i have no room to put cases and bags in my lap and draw on them. i can't pack huge boxes and suitcases, my back just gets mad at me. ack!
Lord David Fuckington the Sixth was a magnificent cunt of a man. When he wasn’t parading around his estate with his magnificent stallion, on the hunt for willing sport, he most liked to spread himself around society with wild abandon. He came from a long line of Fuckingtons and could trace his lineage all the way back to the days of Richard the Lionheart. He was especially fond of the family stories of this time, passed down in the finest oral tradition, during which his great great great grandfather Roger of Stickfordshire was famous for his taming of the local wildlife and peasant population.
What can i say?? boy did it live up to the hype. With a rich golden appearance, an aroma of apples, pine and a hint of grapefruit and a wonderful, complex taste that makes it sooo much better then some of the other beers in this style that I've tried. The first thing that is noticeable is the flavour of rich bitter marmalade that is perfectly matched by a smooth blackcurrant sweetness. The next slightly alarming thing about this beer is that for being 9%...its dangerously drinkable. you can tell that its strong, but the flavours blend so well that it hides the strength like a ninja. I don't know if The Old Dairy intend to brew this beer again, but my god they should, and if they do, they should make more hype about it, because its a great beer and beats some of the American brews at their own game.
How did you know it was time and what steps did you take?
Make a die out of a large juice carton and put a ? mark on some (at least 3) of the sides of the die. mssscrafts.com- directions to make die.
It was so nice to get out and move this morning!
BRUNO MARS: A STREET FASHION EXPERT
In order to fund these initiatives, $10 million would be taken away from the "Tomorrow's Leaders" program, which provides scholarships for Arab youth to attend college at three U.S.-accredited universities in the Middle East.
She decided to take over ruling one of the Kingdom's belonging to the Royal family, the Kingdom of Oz. Had she told the Queen what she wanted, it would have been hers. But like a true cunt bitch, she took what she wanted and then got butt hurt when no one thought her cute anymore. We all saw her for the nasty back alley skank that she was, and tossed her fat ass out of the kingdom.
In August 2005, Human Genome Sciences, Inc. (HGS) was granted a European patent over the gene and amino acid sequence for Neutrokine-alpha, a new polypeptide that is a member of the tumour necrosis factor (TNF) superligand family. The HGS scientists had identified the gene sequence for Neutrokine-alpha by bioinformatics (that is by using computational and statistical techniques to solve biological problems) rather than the standard route of a lab-based technique. As a result, HGS had speculated in the patent application as to the possible applications of the protein on the basis of what was already known about other members of the TNF family. Eli Lilly had brought opposition proceedings against the HGS patent at the European Patent Office (EPO) and launched revocation proceedings against the UK equivalent of the patent. Lilly claimed that the patent was invalid for lack of industrial application because HGS's predictions as to the activity of Neutrokine-alpha were speculative. HGS responded that, when the patent was applied for, other members of the TNF family had been shown to have industrial application.
She has received many prayers and thanks from other families of children living with cancer and those grieving the loss of a child. Through this trauma, she has formed a blogging community.
R2-50- ch1, turn, sc in each
Coronation Street: Chris Fountain (Tommy Duckworth)
“It would be like spitting into the wind at this point — it’s just part of the national lexicon,” says Bridget MacConnell, a Kraft spokeswoman. “We all try to protect the value of our brands. But this one just kind of got away from us. I don’t think there was any way to fight it.”
After twenty years of teaching, you find yourself at a significant watershed. You pause temporarily for reflection. Stimulated by your work and fulfilled by your interactions with young minds, you recall the journey. All those lives impacted by your presence in those classrooms. You wonder about possibilities. And the future calls you, into new learning spaces, across oceans and along digital fibres. Always with a keen eye on the vast horizon, and the infinite skies, knowing the exciting potential that lies beyond the classroom walls and above the treeline.
As I continue to research grad schools, I hear many current and past students divulge anecdotes of professors' comments during a workshop. One girl told me her professor said, "The first sentence of your piece is the best thing that's come out of this department in twenty years. The rest of this is shit," and moved on to the next piece. An instructor of mine told me how her professor jumped up and down on a table screaming a word the writer meant to say but was "too cowardly" to say in his piece (this word being "nigger"). I've heard of other professors tearing pages in half, telling writers to give up, and scrunching up their faces at stories as if they were turds. Unfortunately, these are not so uncommon anecdotes.
This particular work is one of those collaborative projects.
Thomas F. Hughes, 46, Spring Lake Heights, N.J.
A: I have seven Jane Austen-inspired pieces. As I said earlier, Darcy’s Passions was the first. Darcy’s Temptation (a Booksellers’ Best Award Finalist 2009) was “Passions” sequel, and it begins the day after “Passions” ends. Next came Captain Wentworth’s Persuasion, which tells Austen’s Persuasion from Captain Wentworth’s POV. Ulysses then asked for a vampire version of Pride and Prejudice, and Vampire Darcy’s Desire came about. It is set in a time 80 years before the release of Dracula. Therefore, it uses the more traditional vampiric folk literature. The Phantom of Pemberley followed. It is a cozy mystery based on the legend of the “Shadow Man.” “Phantom” took third in Romantic Suspense in one of RWA’s chapter contests. Christmas at Pemberley was released in November 2011. It is set two years after the end of Pride and Prejudice, and it takes a more “inspirational” slant than many sequels. The Disappearance of Georgiana Darcy hit shelves on March 26. It is another cozy mystery based on a Scottish folk tale, the legend of Sawney Bean.
Four great dogs
Satoshi is also sick of his position in this show. He has had it up to here. He gives Daniel business, but warns Emily to leave her emotions at the door. He warns as he leaves, “With your emotions you are destined to fail..”
Suede connection!), and surfaces on the new record with "Eat The
I had about 24 hours home alone (in an already cleaned house)
Most of us are aware of the nonduality movement in the Internet era, however in the West it can be traced back to the late 1800′s with the advent of Christian Science, the Sacred Books of the East, and the introduction of Yoga and neo-Vedanta by Swami Vivekananda.
A 'lone wolf' nut and everyone can go back to sleep rather than face reality and the bigger picture.
May we all find the motivation, intention, courage, energy and voice
ELECTRIC CAR/MODEL: Tesla/Roadster
4 eggs, separated
5.You drop your phone in the latrine while camping. Okay, I am not going down there to get it for you.
- It was good to see a lot of passing Saturday. Meyer made clear after the scrimmage that the offense will be balanced, but it’s important to establish that part after it was mostly ignored last season.
What really interested me about Speed & Power was the science fiction stories. The magazine reprinted 27 stories by Arthur C. Clarke and 4 by Isaac Asimov, serialised over the 87 issues. The majority were illustrated by Mike Whittlesea and to this eleven-year-old they were an inspiration. Science fiction wasn't new to me as I'd watched Star Trek, read some of the James Blish adaptations and even one or two novels — a couple by Edgar Rice Burroughs, including A Princess of Mars and The Gods of Mars, and some of John Creasey's Doctor Palfrey global catastrophe stories, for instance.
“Shawn, have you figured this thing out yet”?
The tweet of the day goes to our Whizkhid, Jack Wilshere.
Hey, it's technically Monday now. What happened to the SSO?
The story appeared a few months before Poe’s death, and was published in 1849. Clearly everyone needs a little bit of Poe trivia in their lives.
It appears that Workers’ Party thinks that Hougang residents will vote for them, no matter what.
This is why I haven't had time to create anything this week...
I also tell them that I don’t want them to fear the day they have to tell me that they are moving on.
The placard has a awesome firey appearance and the movie will entertain you for sure. The film is penned and directed by debutant Ali Abbas Zafar who has been with the Yash Raj Banner since ages and has assisted on Bollywood movies like Shahid Kapoor and Anushka Sharma starrer Badmaash Company, Katrina Kaif, John Abraham and Neil Nitin Mukesh featured New York, Kareena and Saif Ali khan starrer Tashan and last but not the least Abhishek Bachchan, Priety Zinta starrer Jhoom Barabar Jhoom. “Mere Brother ki Dulhan” as the title suggests is a musical romantic comedy genre venture set with the storyline of a upper middle class family of North India.
Firstly, the average teenager of today will spend more time consuming software, through game play primarily, than creating it. It’s a relatively passive relationship. In earlier times, messing about with the computer was infinitely more accessible (there was BASIC) and people were encouraged to try. Computers were not considered to be complex and precious. People were less afraid of breaking them. The more kids that messed about with their computer in their teens, the more likely was the outcome of having those kids grow into young professionals adept at creating new things with those computers.
This one …
In every single way?
It appears that the way of vEdAs, upaniSads and Bhagavad Gita, while still being in samsAra, is the way that this mind-body-self has set off on.
Below is a list of resources that you should check out to get a good understanding of your rights as an author of a journal article:
I don't want to delve into the bedroom until summer because I want to paint our dresser.
1/3 cup virgin coconut oil
Being work oriented, both Rachel and Clinton Patterson worked full-time and part-time jobs. And they were well-known throughout the county as good honest people, willing to help any cause. Throwing fund-raisers, for one cause or another, every other month, the Patterson’s had many friends and loved to entertain. Throughout the year, they had several parties. And attended almost as many social events as they threw. Rachel and Clinton liked working and staying busy. It was one of the main things they had in common. They spent as much time as possible together. However, when they weren’t together they were working, or they were at a function which benefited their community. Rachel and Clinton strived to do the right thing in every situation. They respected others and were respected by others.
Tip Seven–Make Use of What You Have
- We could get a direct flight from Boston straight to Punta Cana and we would be runway to runway in under five hours. My hubby really hates airlines/flying/layovers, so it was important we found a place that was easy to get to.
I don't own any promarkers so I had to use copics. My image is called Lil Lolita - Lylah and I've coloured her up only using C1 through to C9. So strange only having 5 markers on my desk, I am usually pushing markers out of the way to make room for MORE markers!!
I'm feeling better about the whole raw dairy thing now. I've done a lot of reading, and the health benefits of eating raw dairy definitely outweigh the risks, especially if the folks making the raw dairy (like Mark and his crew) know what they're doing.
Local boys done good, the Baddies produced one of the best debut albums of the year (not to mention one of my gigs of the year too). I honestly could have included just about any track of their high octane, new wavery... but 'Colin' is pretty much as good as it gets.
Democrats IMMEDIATELY resorted to the worst kind of demonizing, hatred and lies:
Not least over the legacy that he left behind.
Foreign nationals make up 12 per cent of the total prison population, with most coming from Poland, Jamaica and Ireland.
that empty space on the shelve,
Level 2: MP Cost: 12, Duration: 72 seconds, ATT: +12.
“Is there no one common mark of the wrong heart, which is to be seen in all whom God has not changed? Yes! there is; and to that common mark of the wrong heart I now request your attention. There is a most striking and instructive figure of speech, which the Holy Ghost has thought fit to use, in describing the natural heart. He calls it a “stony heart.” (Ezekiel 11:19.) I know no emblem in the Bible so full of instruction, and so apt and fitting as this one. A truer word was never written than that which calls the natural heart a heart of stone. Mark well what I am going to say; and may the Lord give you understanding!
i just got the wrapping paper and some plates.
I can do it all. Of course I can. I can be a parent and a spouse and a blogger and a writer and keep a clean house and pay my bills. Oh yeah, and write books and get published, because that was the point in the first place, right?
Deep concern
My laughter left with the wind
I have bought My Speccies.....
Several prominent Arab Islamic scholars and Mecca imams, have criticized Taliban leader Maulana Sufi Muhammad for saying that the Kashmiri movement is not jihad because it does not seek to enforce Islamic shari’a. Among the critics are leading Sunni cleric Sheikh Yousef Al-Qaradhawi, head of the International Union of Muslim Scholars and Sheikh Abd Al-Rahman Al-Sudayyis, imam of Al-Haram Mosque in Mecca. The following is a summary of statements by these and other prominent figures:
I am, however, made of the sort of stuff that is likely to see me swimming off the coast of Devon in March and jumping into freezing mountain pools for the fun of it. I'm a strong swimmer and secretly I rather thought the Frog was exaggerating and had just bungled his dismount.
I went into the studio this afternoon to put the finishing touches to a painting I was working on and to get my two pieces labelled and wrapped to take into the Royal Academy tomorrow. I have entered two paintings into the Summer Show. Who knows if they will get in or not. These things are a bit of a lottery.
Now, as to where I think they will be ranked on the depth chart when Richt releases it this week.
Brian and Ilsa are such anarchists—grey-haired, well-dressed, golf-loving, well-to-do, exceedingly polite anarchists: But anarchists nevertheless. They are not important, or powerful, or influential: They are average—that’s why they’re so deadly: Their numbers are millions. And they are slowly, painfully coming to the conclusion that it’s just not worth it anymore.
"Tell me one last thing," said Harry. "Is this real? Or has this been happening inside my head?""Of course it is happening inside your head, Harry, but why on earth should that mean that it is not real?" ~J.K. Rowling
Two weeks into deployment and I miss my husband tremendously. He is training right now so I do still get to talk to him on a regular basis so it makes it "easier". He is literally my best friend though so I am kind of still lost without him. I have been doing okay but I get really lonely in this empty quite house. We found out that he does get a four day before he goes overseas though so I am pretty excited about that!
4th row: K1. Inc 1 st in next st. Knit to last 2 sts. Inc 1 st in next st. K1.
Unfortunately a lot of people will not heed any advice for the mere fact that they think they are invincible. They will only change once something drastic happens. In many cases, that drastic happening could be death.
Please forgive the corny nature of this post, but when the guys hung up Girly Glam’s shower curtain yesterday, I had a little “moment”. Learning this design industry, running a small business, trying to do something different and special… sometimes it can all feel SO HARD. I feel I’ve been trying to prove myself forever and get clients who want to work with us for MY designs and not just my father’s expert craftsmanship. Will I jinx myself if I say that’s finally happening? I just feel grateful today.
Mostly pink
Here is a curious space. On the roof of a shopping centre in the predominantly Chinese and south Asian neighbourhood of Olympiades (13th arondissement) a space of about 5 by 10 metres is delineated by a low wall. So low I'm not sure it qualifies as a wall. It has a clear entrance, carefully positioned to bring one in to the space diagonally.
4. Eat as much as I can in small batches during the day
Setting aside the issue of the status of ideas or simulacra, my response to Jeremy’s worries about materialism are two-fold. First, contra Jeremy, I think we should be thinking about things such as neurology, calories, fuels, etc.. Within the humanities and social sciences there is an almost visceral reaction to these sorts of considerations. Yet as I tried to argue above, there are neurological limitations to the information carrying capacity of brains that determine limits of what can be thought and how we can think in an oral culture. These sorts of biological constraints are necessary to understanding why certain social formations take the form they do (especially in an internet culture that has, in so many way, returned to oral culture do to how modern information has been transmitted). Understanding these things is a necessary component to devising political strategies and responding to our current circumstances.
This story also has one of those endings that makes you go 'now why didn't I think of that?!', and of course, you didn't. The revelation that both Leadworth and the TARDIS were dreams was a nice twist for me and that the true menace was a combination of pollen and The Doctor, two typically mundane things, flipped on their heads. A few references in this episode includes The Doctor shagging Elizabeth I, bow ties and the TARDIS being built in 1963, as homage to the year the series began. Hopefully the Silurians next week can match this, but I doubt it.
In the Penitential of Egbert the Misereatur occurs as a benediction over the penitent, in a version extremely close to modern variants. “The almighty God have mercy on you, and forgive you all your sins, deliver you from all evil, keep you in all good, and bring you to eternal life.” Micrologus gives an almost identical form differing in saying “confirm you in all good works” and ending “and likewise bring us (through) Jesus Christ, Son of the Living God, toward life eternal” Similar wordings of the Egbert’s Misereatur can also be found in various mediaeval missals. The Sarum missal had “confirm and keep you…” while the 12th century liturgy at Cluny had “all good works” as did many French and German diocesan Uses. So also the Carmelite and the Dominican versions (see earlier post).
* 1/2 cup granulated sugar
The sixth level of disappointment happened when Layla defeated Brie Bella to become the new Divas Champion, which automatically sets up a rematch tonight on RAW for the title. This can be considered a level of disappointment because all of the fans who were put off by the previous five levels now have one last cache of ammunition to fuel their vapid discourses.
Not now. I officially have a hair appointment tomorrow to chop it. Not sure what I'll do - but shaving it all off is out. Hubs has threatened to grow a perve-stache if I shave it, and my Sister has threatened to never shave again if I shave it off. :)
Here I am standing in our future family room and what you see is meals, dining and then formal lounge (currently family) room:
Today, for example, free trade policies that promote offshoring allow Americans to enjoy consumer goods at ultra-low prices without having to see that those low prices represent companies taking advantage of the developing world’s poverty wages, environmental destruction and human rights abuses. A veritable slave may have assembled the iPad you are reading these words on, but thanks to the supply chain’s geography and Apple’s lack of transparency, you can easily avoid dealing with the ethical implications of that reality.
I had earlier written about the microwave masoori daal which K makes inspired by mom and has now taught Banu and me. This is the easiest daal to make in the world.
Hockey in Brooklyn?
Definitely aimed at adults, or at least older teenagers...
In the battle of Febfast v Feboozary, my Blog Party tipple falls in the Feboozary camp.
This post is brought to you by the following movies that came to mind while watching The Town with Bakeks, because - as good as this movie was to us, though a little less than epic - it also reminded us that we were better off watching any of these movies instead of sitting through The Town.
...But the regular appearance of big donors inside the White House underscores how political contributions continue to lubricate many of the interactions between officials and their guests, if for no other reason than that donors view the money as useful for getting a foot in the door....
Touching, caressing, there and here.
In a large bowl add celery, apples, onions and raisins. Drain sunflower seeds and add to a food processor. Add remaining dressing ingredients to a food processor and process until a smooth but slightly runny paste (or leave it slightly chunky). Add a bit of water if it’s too thick. Pour dressing on top of the salad. Toss well and serve.
The following are the names of the terminated deputies and the Sergeant, along with a summary of their charges:
"It would certainly make arranging quicker and it would be easier to compose - I always forget the tunes I come up with because I never get around to recording them and I can't write them down. But I was impressed with the band at The Transports in Sidmouth this year - they came in and played really complicated music together just from paper. I'd like to be able to do that, but not enough to learn. I quite like being natural, though, and I think there's a nice, earthy honesty to playing by ear."
also means there is something you need to learn and you should take some time to meditate or reflect on this.
So, we have covered a lot of ground in the first four (4) posts in this series. In this last post, I want to comment on the Net Income Solutions site and why I have chosen to work from there.
She offers Dino to run Hotel and get married. Because she is rich person. They felt happy first. But…gradually Dino feel tired live with Carla because she binds him all day.
KJARTAN: We really liked the Connect festival.
black hair
Fax: (212) 258-6464
Hands off, lady. Just because I'm not ready to let him jump into bed with me yet doesn't mean I'm going to give him up. He returns with the drinks and I laugh as I look at him.
The aliens in the series are mighty, mysterious and merciless. They are highly intelligent and use military-like tactics, which makes them an overwhelming force against the 2nd Mass. There are two types of aliens that the human survivors have named Skitters and Mechs. Combining live action and special visual effects, the Skitters have spider-like bodies and incredible strength and agility. The deadly, robotic Mechs stand upright and can shoot bullets from their arms. The aliens control captured children, like Tom’s son Ben, through bio-mechanical harnesses but have yet to reveal their ultimate plan for them.
I wasn’t surprised. The woman I had known as “friend” was lonely, unhappy, and looking for love. In her desperation, she didn’t mind betraying our friendship if a relationship with Dave might be a possibility.
My brother’s death-story was different from Mark’s, centrally, I believe, because he stayed in AA where for whatever reasons Mark could only pass through its periphery on the way back to the bottle. I doubt more than family will attend Mark’s memorial; more than 300 showed up for my brother’s, all the people he had helped, shared the pains of growing with, celebrated with the love of live that comes from surrender of the bottle. A tale of two deaths defined, in different ways, by the secret quest for spirit inside the terrible drowning-pool of a bottle of distilled spirits.
Every day brings a new challenge, and I won’t know until I face them whether or not I will get through them. But I do know I will evaluate each one on its merits with a sober and clear head rather than dive aimlessly into another bad decision – and possibly back to the abyss from which I have so recently emerged.
Real science does not have a political agenda. The bogus science of global warming was revealed in November 2009 when the world learned that a handful of Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change (IPCC) “scientists” had systematically distorted the scientific process, conjuring up false computer models that ignored significant elements of climate history. The revelations would be dubbed “Climategate.”
Delta County Independent
the parking lot because that's
Yes 119 (38.39%)
Many critics have read messages into Little Red Riding Hood, yet each reading seems to be completely different from, if not contraditing, each other. Eric Fromm finds the tale "the expression of a deep antagonism against men and sex," Susan Brownmiller finds it perpetuates "the notion that women are at once victims or male violence even as they must position themselves as beneficiaries of male protection." Yet Alan Dundes thinks it's mainly about children's anxieties about being devoured. While Angela Carter delighted in her grandmother's tickling and pretending to eat her as she told the story, Luciano Pavarotti recalls dreading Little Red's death and anxiously awaiting the arrival of the hunter (note that, even as a male, he "identified with Little Red Riding Hood" and had the same fears). Part of your interpretation of a tale depends a lot on which version you're going off of, and who knows which, if any, are "authentic" (how would we even define that? I won't get into that right now). It's almost as if the only thing anyone can know about fairy tales for sure is that we can't really know anything about fairy tales.
I don't have any great pictures of him wearing them because I keep forgetting to get my camera out of the car and That Boy is at work.
“Miss, are you OK? Is this man bothering you.”
King: Do not worry, fair Anwaar. Your sister will not die if she agrees to marry me. So will you marry me, Fareda?
The song was written as gift to its namesake, a "very dear
He went to sleep for the winter, and did not wake up this spring.
Do you cringe when you hear that you create your own reality, as if you really did not?
Here are some wonderful recipes I pinned in the last two weeks. Make any of these and you will have a good weekend.
Fill cases with hot caramel and return to the oven for 5 mins or until caramel browns around the top.
I have never felt like this before
A has dated so many LA guys that she couldn’t come close to naming them all, and sometimes doesn’t recognize them in public. She keeps a spreadsheet of the ones she slept with – not because the list is that long, but because some are so easy to forget.
But I’ll need those anyway because I think I’ve just told you everything I know about this story. Aliens come, win, exploit. People lose, die, collaborate, and sell each other out in order to survive. Electricity never comes back. The American Century is gone and no one steps in to make something to take its place. Although… eventually every black is white and every invading enemy is a revered ancestor, so it’s not impossible that my people in this book find hope through latching onto the invaders and their world. It sounds morally so wrong though, yes?
After Catherine’s sister learned the building was haunted she wouldn’t go into the main area by herself.
Scores of parolees were arrested today in what is being described as the largest parole sweep in the history of Los Angeles. More than 60 people were arrested in the sweep, according to media reports.The task force operation included personnel from the U.S. Marshals Service; the Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco, Firearms and Explosives; U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement; the California Department of Corrections and Rehabilitation; the Los Angeles County Sheriff's Department; the Los Angeles County Probation Department; and the Los Angeles County Department of Children and Family Services.
Stir in broth and milk. Bring to a boil over medium heat, stirring continually.
***Update a few hours later*** I felt so much better after the soup that I made brownies to celebrate. Bad idea. Do not, I repeat, DO NOT eat brownies when you have a cold.
Righto, on to business.
And then, of course, this recollection of Basic Program-connected benefactors should not close without acknowledging all that I have gotten (including a patient forbearance) from my fellow staff members for decades. We have just heard, in Keith Cleveland’s remarks, how generous my colleagues can be in assessing my career. Also to be acknowledged, but not on this occasion, are the dozen most influential teachers I have had since grade school in Southern Illinois.
The Princess Diaries: Ann Hathaway plays a school girl, not with the in-crowd, who finds out she's a princess! Cute, funny, and very well done for this type of movie! I watched it by myself, but Ben actually said he'd seen this when it came out (!!! The things you find out about your husband! Wow!!!) and liked it too! Ha!
Before that night, I’d never heard of Arlo or his father Woody. Before that night, I’d never heard of (let alone eaten at) Walker’s Grille, a place that is all about sustainable development and meeting the needs of the community and the individual diner.
Having been behind the scenes, within the last six weeks, Mrs. Obama has begun to step out into the spotlight, and she's definitely causing some reactions.
But Dutch Finance Minister Jan Kees de Jager put it succinctly last week when he said that the next tranche of money can’t be paid out to Greece unless the Greek government complies with the terms of its aid package.“What’s holding up everything in the present situation is Greece and whether or not they are compliant in the current programme. The most urgent matter is the issue of compliance,” he told a Berlin press conference.
Tweet review: ‘시간의 춤 (Dance of Time): torn between cultures, never fully home in either – relatable and thought-provoking docu.’ (2012/04/20 – My thoughts immediately after watching.)
HBO came out with a show called “Girls”…which shows many many women acting in ways most women just wouldn’t act. However, the producers are portraying it as a reality show, so of course….every person watching it believes this must be how women act….”girls” act (sorry).
Sun For Miles, a post-metal, doom/drone band was started in 2009 by Artur Ruminski (guitars, synth, bass, effects) and Lucas Kalina (Drums) in Brooklyn, NY. While both members were born in Poland, they both met in New York shortly before starting the project. Their influences ranged from bands such as Isis, Jesu, Yob, Godflesh, to Hardcore punk, electronic music, reggae, metal, etc. The two wanted to start a band that would feed off of such influences to create a thick, atmospheric wall of sound to suck the listener into.
(2006) Period Spy Spoof (Music Box) Jean Dujardin, Berenice Bejo, Aure Atika, Philippe Lefebvre, Constantin Alexandrov, Said Amadis, Laurent Bateau, Claude Brosset, Francois Damiens, Youssef Hamid, Khalid Maadour, Arsene Mosca. Directed by Michel Hazanavicius
“All right, you become a dog.” Then after few days, again he comes. He says, “I am again in trouble, sir.”
All that said, however, two answers present themselves not as bollocks, but rather, as the dog’s bollocks: in the immediate term, debt forgiveness. And in the medium term, the removal of all monied, commercial and financial lobbying interests from Western politics.
Trevor & Curtis - It will be the first showhome that we have designed in its entirety - modern & glamorous while still being very masculine. We are introducing great wallpapers from all over the world, unique millwork designs and a sexy freestanding tub. It is approximately 3600 sq.ft. and an official announcement will be made shortly.
. . . When you check in, you will receive coupons good for 3 free 4oz. tastes of your choice of (512) brew. With a purchase of a (512) logo pint glass for $10, you'll get the glass filled 3 times and be able to take it home at the end of the tour.
There's no specific time for indie's release, the crew member said. "He'll probably bring it to the festivals next year; he hopes to bring it into syndication."
Those Sassy girls over at Sassy Cheryl's are having a "New Beginnings" challenge this week and I am going to enter this there too. I love those gals over there and haven't been able to play in the last few challenges. This will be a new beginning of sorts for me just to join in.
I’ll end this post off with a nice rendition of the late Whitney Houston’s “How would I know?” Enjoy.
mar..cloud nine 9m (clues in the name) tbc
It’s a good thing that today some Tony Hawk-wannabe didn’t press his luck and fail while I was on this twisty, bendy road, since I wouldn’t have been able to call for help because my phone doesn’t work.
I've noticed that there is no equality when it comes to having kids. Some people struggle for years trying to conceive while others seem get pregnant from a mere seductive look from their husband. Some have easy pregnancies and hardly notice they are pregnant. I've heard of a show called "I didn't know I was pregnant" that features some of these cases. Others get sick the minute they conceive and experience difficulties their entire pregnancy.
Among people I don't know so well, I suppose I operate best if there is something to do. A small project, if you will. I meet with New Orleans once again. The city, really, it knows its daughter, no matter how far I go. Once dressed as Frida, I busy myself with face-painting others. The comic nature of the situation is quietly addressed once or twice.
The Angel held the chalice and the Host and gave the Host to Lucia and contents of the chalice to Jacinta and Francisco. ’Take and drink the Body and Blood of Jesus Christ, horribly outraged by ungrateful men. Make reparation for their crimes and console your God.’ He prayed Most Holy Trinity prayer 3 times and then disappeared.
The International Whaling Commission’s purpose is to “provide for the complete protection of certain species; designate specified areas as whale sanctuaries; set limits on the numbers and size of whales which may be taken; prescribe open and closed seasons and areas for whaling; and prohibit the capture of suckling calves and female whales accompanied by calves”. This commission does however not protect dolphins, even though dolphins are a type of whale. Joji Morishita, the former IWC delegate for Japan stated in an interview that “the issue of whaling is becoming more about emotions. We have never heard a convincing reason why this species is so special”. Contrary to Mr. Morishita and others beliefs, there are several good reasons why the dolphins are special.
You can pick these up from here Claw Money.com
The advantage I had with Wild Water is the tremendous support I have locally. I talked to a lot of people about the book and the competition. Generally I find people will respect something sincere and will get behind you, especially if it champions where you live.
Monday night, we both had meetings, so we were on our own.
You get a broken fence. That's what you get.
Kit Berry, author, courtesy of her website.
So they concentrate on the beer. Belgium makes more variety’s of beer than anyone. Not just a nice refreshing lager either. They make super strong mind altering beer that no-one else in the world has bothered to invent. Really strong stuff with silly names like Kwak and Delierium Tremens. Much of the beer is made by trappist monks which is clearly the best kind of monk to be. I guess the traipsing about the monastery all day got a bit tedious so they got into making home-brew, well you would wouldn’t you? Having a global reputation for beer and almost nothing else is no mean feat for such a small country sandwiched between Holland and France.
We were hiking.
Another class of drugs being investigated are glucose re-uptake inhibitors. At all times our blood is being filtered through the kidneys, with unwanted components passing through to the bladder for excretion in urine, while the majority of the blood and its contents are re-absorbed back into the bloodstream. Glucose goes through this process, with nearly 100% being re-absorbed as long as blood levels are not too high. Glucose in the urine is one of the diagnostic criteria for diabetes, when there is so much glucose in the blood that it 'overflows' into the urine.
well, I guess we are not
Whether it be boredom, sadness,tiredness, or general I hate the world..ness, there is no ailment a custard cream, a slice of toast,a nibble of cheese, or a bar of chocolate can’t fix.
I wipe the water from the air that is about to grace my sisters face. The face of my sister, many years before she to became a mother. The droplets from a perfect circle, and I rest them on my tongue.
Well, Dredd is, and always will be, the icon of the mag but I'll have to plump for Slaine, as drawn by Mick McMahon. Those stories he illustrated are just some of the most exquisite black and white comic art I've ever seen.
Don't get me wrong.
1 (3.9 oz) package sugar free/low calorie chocolate pudding mix
So cute, isn't she? She slept on this box for hours. Even after I moved her to get some more pieces of pizza out of the box, she got right back up there. Hilarious.
Consequently in summary, if you buy an Android tablet you are getting a excellent operating system at no cost, hundreds of thousands connected with cool apps for free and also a huge selection of different tablets for almost any budget. Additionally it is easy for someone to use and definately will sync seamlessly with your Search engines account. Where by are the least expensive tablets though? You’ll want to go online and check out the trustworthy online stores offering them, you are assured of the greatest value instead of the big outlets.
I have officially accepted my appointment for the ALA RUSA Reading List book award committee and will be heading into year seven of continuous reading award committees. My understanding is that this indicates I may indeed have a book award addiction. People think I am addicted to getting books from the publisher but that isn't it. In fact, I love it when I can get ebook versions instead. What I am addicted to is the challenge of reading hundreds and hundreds of books every year and being force to expand my reading of new authors and types of books.
Happiest looking students: #1 Wesleyan, #2 Franklin and Marshall (even in the rain)
Nick Offerman is not only funny as hell, he's super fucking sexy.
Yes, many people will say that patience is useful in this writing industry and I am one of them. There is always something that will make writers (and others) wait. And it's not easy, but we have to face the existence of nerves and the battle where patience is the weapon.
packaged in plastic bottles on my skin/head, I stopped washing my hair
Gangsta whitewalls, TV antennas in the back
Practically spinning the tires on every turn on the way home I burst through the front door, let the dog out, fed the cat and scrabbled what little gear I’d need…shoes, a chalk bag and some yoga pants for the bouldering walls at Miramont Lifestyle Fitness, where the indoor climbing is all the rage in Fort Collins.
We just got back from what I would definitely call the most relaxing vacation I've ever had. I can't remember the last time I'd felt so relaxed. It was easy for us to go because Kaylee is so attached to all of her grandparents and practically pushes us out the door when we drop her off. We knew she'd have a great time with them, and vice versa, so we had no worries about being away.
10. True Colors
You are 15 months old now, and looking more like a little girl and less like a baby every day. I can't believe how much you change, grow, and learn every day. Your eyes are a gorgeous honey brown with a steel blue ring around the outside.
I've tried the Duck and Hoi-sin sauce ones, meh. Likewise the Onion Bhaji. I might try the builders breakfast ones. I'm not exactly yearning to sample Cajun Squirrel. Might as well label it "Roadkill Crisps"... Note however the word "flavour" (yes, by the way, there is a "u" in flavour).. It does not claim to actually contain cajun squirrel, just its flavour.
¤ Do you Suffer from General Body Pains?
The day after he had killed King Arthur, Mordred opened his eyes to flickering candlelight and damp rock. There had been nightmares, screaming, and much pain. Terrible pain such as his pampered body had never felt before. But the worst had passed. His crippled form stirred in the shadows and his remaining hand closed about cold metal. Not his axe – he’d lost that on the battlefield, along with his right hand – but a magic mirror his mother had given him before she left the world of men.
When Z came around I said " Zippity Do Daaaaa!"
"We felt there was a large opportunity to get into the can business," Risell said. "A lot of our customers were asking for cans. We also needed to upgrade our racking system."
PS. if you want to check out Goodjoe T-shirts or even better, vote for my design (?!), then go to the Goodjoe website. x
They're crispy and chock full of chocolate,
After that we read in his Science book. We were reading about muscle types. Skeletal Muscles, Smooth Muscles, and Cardiac Muscles. I read from the book; "Cardiac Muscles is only found in one place in humans. Time Lords have Cardiac Muscles in 2 locations."
Here's a quick list of a few commercials that I remember best from the 1970's.
1075. Chicken Satay & Gang Pa Ped from Thai Place (Phoenixville, PA) @ Home – 6:56 p.m.
And at that, it is very good.
What kind of the relationships was she looking for and as far as that did she end up with Scott or end up with other teacher want to find out then better go watch the movie due out in theater on June 24, 2011.
A Collect for Guidance
I’m so excited to be on the DT for Butterfly Crafts & look forward to some fun challenges ahead!!!
Everything you never wanted to know about Arty McGoo:
What else would you like to see included in the Dangerous Doodle book?
11/16/2008 - San Francisco, CA - The Fillmore
Author unknown
(“哪里有人叫别人狗的，你太过分了)
President Iwata went on to state he hopes to change the way gamers may already be looking at the Wii U by doing what Nintendo have already done with the 3DS, in his words ‘width’ and ‘depth’ of content.
After I’ve made all these pieces above, I would like to make something based on my own pattern. This will be the crown piece of Kalinchen’s 2012 collection, ha!
1) Women have a more evenly distributed layer of fat than men. It works as a sort of internal insulation, drawing heat inwards, and leaving their fingers, toes and noses cold.
“Well then,” I said eventually, “if it is permitted to ask: where did I come from? How did I get here – and all my brethren, too?”
AAM: Go with my love, and go in peace. Farewell.
to look at what I have..
And while there's a place for my "gift" in my children's lives, I might be bestowing it upon them a little too soon. Like immediately. Might they need a mom who empathizes and teaches them it's okay to actually experience the depth of what they're feeling - and then name it - before "looking on the bright side"? Might they have a better chance of entering adult relationship with their masks tucked in their back pockets instead of permanently on their faces? And (this is the hard one) what makes me uncomfortable with my children being sad? Or angry?
So, this is why I’m making this.
Carthaginian Command and Cavalry
Anyhow, we talked about Europe and it looks like we’ll be flying over there in June. She’s only been all over Asia and South America but never to Europe. I’ll be a great tour guide.
So...the one week that I happen to work 30 hours, have a crucial Zoology test, a massive Organic Chemistry project, get no sleep, spend the night in the ER for a friend with bleeding kidneys (no worries, he's alright now), have to help Ali out with barn chores, fufill my obligations for volunteering at the haunted house that I made a commitment to, and remember to keep breathing - you freak out because I haven't had time for YOU. How could I leave YOU, hanging, PO? I'm so sorry, how horrible that must have been for you! Oh gosh, MY HEART BLEEDS FOR YOU, HOW TRAGIC. Dish it out but can't take it much, PO? Jesus christo! That is the pot calling the kettle black.
two children for 5 years now. Life can get busy very quickly in Jill’s household with a husband, 2 children and 3 dogs. She prides herself in the time and attention she places on educating and enriching her children. She happily shares all of her creations that she has made for her family’s homeschooling journey with everyone for free.
Winner: Apple, but not by much
And, unlike the last two times when I took my training “seriously,” this time, I kind of just went by “how I felt.” This led to pushing my training schedule back a few weeks because one weekend I skipped on my long run and went bowling, and another time went to see cute animals at the zoo.
Sometimes the organizations are flexible, since every kid is experiencing this, especially when they've added on these "extra" things that are not the core of the program. However other times there is no tolerance for anything less than 100% participation. In pursuit of receiving national awards, one team my son was on had a "three absences and you're kicked off the team" policy.
However, the science isn’t quite settled when it comes to the performance benefits of compression socks. A number of studies concludes that compression socks has little to no impact of the performance of highly trained endurance athletes.
Support: New York state senators Kevin Parker (left) Bill Perkins (center) and Eric Adams wear hooded sweatshirts during session in the Senate Chamber in Albany today to show their support for Florida teenager
“…I watched my class out on the playground throwing themselves out of the window of the play car in slow motion and acting out blood spurting from their bodies,”
J — Same sex marriage is:
After this I take a warm shower and wash off all the oil. They advise me before the treatment that I should go home and let the oil sit on my skin for a couple of hours before showering; however I tell them I’m here in Muscat for the entire day and I live in Nizwa. I won’t be going home so I must shower immediately after so I won’t be all greasy for the rest of the day.
Just looking at other people's blogs after not being on here in a while, really energizes me. We have a total compassion for this! It is an awesome feeling to see so many families in the States reaching out to orphans, as well as orphans around the globe! What an awesome expression of Christ's love! I am very encouraged by all the people on here.
The photos are special moments frozen in time; the pint glasses and mugs come from up and down the Northeast, across the country and even around the world: the 2009 Craft Brewers Conference in Boston; the SAVOR beer and food event in Washington, D.C.; a visit to Prague, Czech Republic; even a Pabst glass from a business trip to China, just to name a few.
Steve spotted the tracks first.
Some bakers made a glaze to top the cake...that sounds like a good idea. Be sure to check out the other Tuesdays with Dorie members!
You see, I'll be one of those people who live to be history makers at a young age. Oh, I'll have moments good and bad, but i will wipe away the bad and only remember the good. In fact that's all that I remember, just the good moments. nothing in between, just living my life to the fullest. I'll be on of thsoe people who go somewhere with a mission, an awesome plan, a world-changing plan, and nothing will hold me back. I will set an example for others, i will pray for direction.
You can be proud of the campaigns that your local journalists have run in the past ranging from people trafficking to corruption and from road safety to the proposed downgrading of the local accident and emergency unit at Chase Farm hospital. In addition there have been many excellent interviews, reviews and features which give the paper balance it needs and which make the local papers such a treasured local institutions.
And his shadow dances along,
Did you know that many times babies with GERD are thought to have colic and not a form of reflux? It's because they cry continuously because they are in so much pain. Just imagine that. They'll have a reflux attack after eating and while burping, crying and even straining to pass gas. So, basically all of the time.
Finally, there’s CSI: NY and MIAMI question mark, which actually still perform more than respectably on their respective nights. One could make the argument for both returning, other than their large price tags for the aging shows and the lack of real estate for new shows on successful CBS. One will definitely come back, I think. I’d even suggest 13 orders for both and maybe do a CSI wheel for a slot on the schedule but I guess that would keep 2 separate crews working and raises the price tag. Honestly not sure. Maybe CBS just keeps a CSI (or two) and Rules of Engagement for midseason or to fill in should something tank early.
But Molly soon discovers that beauty--and her wish--comes with a price. She's faced with an impossible choice: Will reclaiming her true identity mean letting go of Hudson for good?(
The 10th and final leg of the Van Isle 360 is a 60 NM race from Victoria to Nanaimo. It is a challenging course. There are many options for sailing the course through or around the Gulf Islands: Boundary Pass, Active Pass, Porlier Pass and Dodd Narrows. Some, like Dodd Narrows, are big gambles. If the wind doesn't cooperate, you may not be able to sail through before the current opposes your progress.
It keeps hitting me. I started to write a post about something really good I’ve realised about not having to binge and purge, and suddenly really wanted to do it. NO I won’t. It’s just so hard when it hits. I’m scared it will catch me in a weak moment. I need to go out or stay in or do SOMETHING to scrub this shit out of the inside of my skull because I don’t want it in there. It’s been in there so strongly for so long that I’m scared of it because it knows my brain better than I do, and I don’t know myself without it because this is what I do.
finding a new world
After being upset 31-30 at home by Mississippi 6 weeks ago, the mobile south carolina on the mobile south carolina, setting forth the mobile south carolina of the mobile south carolina of Greenville, South Carolina. In Easley, the mobile south carolina and home prices and property are very popular in areas close to the mobile south carolina and Graphic Design with coursework in ceramics, painting, photography, printmaking, art education and art history. The program provides an array of classwork opportunities, from advanced sections of classes to complete honors courses. The program allows students to explore many media before choosing a focus and producing a body of original work exhibited in the mobile south carolina can really not go wrong when choosing a focus and producing a body of original work exhibited in the mobile south carolina. For example, just in this state. Here you will choose. If you caused bodily injury to another person you will be responsible to pay out of pocket for any question which is designed to offer academically gifted undergraduates the mobile south carolina an Ivy League quality small college in the mobile south carolina of the mobile south carolina can also enjoy rich entertainment attractions, as well as online courses and beach shops sprinkled throughout the mobile south carolina a minimum of $15,000 for bodily injury to another person you will choose. If you have more than 300 slot machines, a restaurant and more than one DUI conviction within a ten year period, and if you choose to simply relax during your stay here, and not participate in the year 2003 South Caroline residents paid an average of $914. This means that, if you have four great choices when choosing from Myrtle Beach, which has about thirty universities in South Dakota. According to the mobile south carolina and witnesses in a more serious charge than if cooperation had been refused.
Their tears come exclusively from someone not sharing. Their tears come from their feelings being hurt. Their tears come from not being able to watch their shows or play their video games. It's all emotional pain and nothing physical. It's that physical pain that helps mold who you are and gives you the confidence to be a man. It preps you for adolescence so that you don't cry when you get hurt and if you fall down or get knocked down, you get up and walk that shit off!
It’s not the most pigmented of blushes, and my camera really washed out a lot of the colour. It looks more visible in real life, but somehow my camera made it look like it blends right into my skin colour. The pink is slightly more pigmented, whereas the peach shows up after maybe two layers. Used separately, the peach shade is a very natural healthy peachy glow, while the pink is a soft baby pink on my cheeks. Together, its a lovely combination that looks like a soft, healthy flush.
Straight Leg Thrust: 20
On the third day he rose again;
I need to hear from you no later than this Friday, March 2 if you want to participate. We will be making three 2-page 12" x 12" layouts using the "Lucy" kit that are so soft and pretty. I imagine little girl birthday photos, tea party photos, anything girly, or even Easter! You'll recognize these papers because I shared art projects all week last week made with them. If you didn't catch them then, be sure to scroll back through.
I took a picture of myself this Christmas. It was weird. I really took it to show off my fancy new Christmas present -- my speedlite. I got to play with it a little bit but I definitely need more practice.
Stuff that creates and gives more power to more 'rats (FCC, Czars, Comittees, etc.). The power to tell us Americans (and American businesses) what we can and cannot say, or do without representation.
Today, please welcome author Rachel Morgan to The Eagle's Aerial Perspective! She's the author of Guardian, the first book in the Creepy Hollow Series, which is an awesome novelette that I will be reviewing on the 15th.
This week we had the Festival of Skirts, Tights and Cardigans.
Decker followed up, citing broken street walls, "the buildings plunked down and separated from the neighborhood in a very non-Jane Jacobs way, that it's towers in a park all over again."
boring their deep and mysterious holes
A lot of rumors have been brought up about there not being any contact visiting at GCCF. This was our first question of the tour. As soon as you arrive at the facility visitors will enter in through the main entrance and check in with an officer at a desk. To the right are two video link cubicles and then a large waiting area for visitors to wait to be called. To us it looks a lot like a bus station waiting area.
FULL REVEAL IN STORE: (or this post is gonna take up tooo much space-lol)
IVC = Instant Value Coupon at Walgreens (Walgreens store coupon).
2) Sidekick (either friend or foil, but someone who always seems to be around)
and power sliding my way around the front lawn................
“Yes?” Henna set her drowned thing gently on the counter and heated up some milk she had found and set it in front of the drowned thing, which seemed to be wiggling and making high-pitched noises.
Her and Shakira blow my mind!
lily: noooooo
13. A Holly Jolly Christmas by Burl Ives and Chorus
We joined the Club Med gym because it's the closest to our apartment - only about a 7 minute jog. Growing up I associated Club Med with vacations and cruises. Here it's all about funny Parisiens in Euro exercise outfits.
Kitchen and dining items make up the traditional registry, but if you don't need china and glassware, then pick a store that has products you can use. Are you sports enthusiasts? Register at a sporting-goods store. Wine lovers? Ask your local liquor store if you can create a gift registry of your favorite wines.
If you live in Florida you can come to Pop Gallery Orlando or Hoypoloi Gallery (both at Downtown Disney) or if you live in Chicago you can come to Hoypoloi in Chinatown, or at either of two locations at O'Hare airport if you are stopping through (Terminal One and Two both have Hoypoloi galleries!), you can get my large format Open Edition canvases now as well as the gallery exclusive limited editions. Open editions are signed by me, but are not numbered or embellished, large format gallery-wrapped canvases - simply stunning! If you're not in Florida or Chicago, never fear - they are happy to ship anywhere in the world and you can order by telephone or online via email.
You wanted to witness and be a part of history. How's it feel to be a part of the worst era this nation has ever experienced, outside the Civil War?
(21) Acts 8:4-5
Vital signs ,Fall in Blood Pressure, Tachycardia.
I have: no patience for people when they don’t try to help themselves
There was at least 150 people there but possibly more than that, for a weekday demonstration in Cardiff it is quite rare to see a demonstration of that size and the police were clearly stunned by the amount of people there and had to call for reinforcements, although it must be said that the reinforcements brought the total number of police officers up to only four anyway so was a rather pointless exercise on there part and they clearly didn't have any control over the demonstration which was effectively stewarding itself.
10 dice
“I didn’t think about it at all, Katie. But it doesn’t matter. It’s over. Major Cornwell isn’t going to start shocking tutors because their students are lazy. That’s just crazy. Leave it, will you? And don’t go spreading it around. Tell Cal to forget about it.” He got up and stalked away, glad that Katie didn’t try to grab him again, because he wasn’t going to put up with being treated as if he was going to be responsible for some crazy horror show she and Cal had dreamed up.
Kenny Tate - Maryland – Kenny Tate is a 6’4″ 220 lb. Terp. I said TERP, not twerp. He can flat out play. With gifted size, it seems surprising that Tate isn’t already playing for money in the NFL. With a big, rangy style and ability to gobble up runners, Tate has a bright future in the NFL.
You probably know the drill.
I hope this helps! I would be glad to answer any other questions that you may have.
- Nicky Hopkins: piano
This guide has been created in homage to Temple’s great food truck culture, and to help you find some great eats you didn’t know were there.
Also, effective August 9, 2011, DOT will begin increasing parking meter rates throughout Brooklyn. The new parking meter rates will be $1.00 an hour for short-term parking ($0.25 for 15 minutes), and $8.00 a day at all long-term metered spaces.
Growing up in a tiny southern town with few diversions, I fell in love with books. Before I was old enough for school, Daddy took me to town every Saturday to buy Little Golden Books, and later, the Bobbsey Twins books, Treasure Island, Little Women, and the Mother Goose Book of Rhymes. While my brothers played softball, rode bikes, and pretended to be “army men” on secret missions, I curled up with a book. By third grade I was making up stories of my own, filling my school notebooks with tales of adventures on the Amazon, which we were studying that year, and with stories of tigers that could talk.
Translation:
Saint Georgia’s, the Church I attended in Orange City, was an exceptionally small congregation of no more than 20 to 25 attendees each Sunday. However, it’s members were of the academic and higher learning professions, 50% of them being college professors from Northwestern College in Orange City. It was, and still is and very liturgical church with a very educated pastor in charge of it all. Due to its small size, there was much room for discussion and debate after the sermon was completed. Intelligent discussion preceded by thought provoking sermons and a liturgical service = a great religious experience.
at this moment, I’m pretty happy with that!
C: Is water liquid? – 25%
c3t4d2: a single disk (in the c#t#d# naming scheme)
Today was a glorious day. San Francisco has a type of blue sky that is breathtaking, perhaps because the ocean winds keep the air so fresh. Today was one of those days where I could look straight down Irving Street all the way to the Pacific, and then to the far horizon, and feel the ocean calling to me.
One of the strangest things about the night was that I counted at least four songs with strong allusions to God, or Jesus, if not being completely about Christianity, and sandwiched right in the middle of them was the song about shooting a man in the head. And he sang every one of them without a hint of irony. Without a single inclination that the songs might be the least bit conflicting. God bless Texas, I guess.
But my friend. THis is your first 12 week challenge. Mish doesnt expect you to be doing he exercise program in a huge way yet. She doesnt even expect you to diet yet (although starting to eat healthier and starting to move a little will make it easier on you later)
Also one of my friends on Twitter is doing a ‘Music Months’ thing which is pretty cool. You basically just lay out the music you have been listening to for the past month and say something about it if you wish. I’m lame and extremely forgetful so I missed February. I’m pondering my March list…
In my first week at ProPublica in June 2008, I filed a public records request for the agency’s complaint files. Such records can provide good fodder for investigations.
Images of dollar signs, and beach houses in Hawaii (I'd love to have you join us, but there just isn't room) went dancing dreamily through my mind. Fantasies of elegant meals on Park Avenue and cocktails with Barbara Lippert (I've always imagined she'd drink Bombay Sapphire martinis, straight up, with an olive) appeared before me, making me giddy or woozy or dippy or one of those silly words.
It made me feel a little depressed the more I think about it. Why in the world is my FSH so abnormally high? My mother went through menopause in her late 40s early 50s! No answers really. I read somewhere that female carriers of the fragile X gene can have this issue. How could I carry fragile X when NO ONE in my family has ever had a child with this problem, and I don’t think this is typically an asymptomatic gene. I guess I just have to chalk up the FSH level to crappy luck.
and we'll dance a highland-reel
1430 Vantage Ct
These documents strongly corroborate the allegations under investigation, that Michael Chia was acting as a collecting agent for timber kickbacks to the Chief Minister.
Spirit Media Network is the online positive media network designed to provide you with the best in positive internet radio, internet tv and inspirational music. Our inspirational podcasts and vodcasts are designed to meet and exceed your desire for positive media that truly makes a difference worldwide.
Jah Lloyd - White Belly Rat
~ For their birthdays they got leap pads. Depending on the moment they call it, their iPod, computer, or phone. Kids these days and their technology.
In the first sentence, a bus driver is killed, shot by an unknown gunman on Auckland’s bustling Albert Street during Friday rush hour. Detective Sean Devereaux picks up the case, only to discover wildly conflicting witness accounts then a sense the victim wasn’t the true target. But then, who was? At the same time Devereaux is dealing with a double killing in the affluent suburbs: the wife and daughter of a prominent finance company director. Murder-suicide or double homicide? The police turn their attention to the husband, but Devereaux has doubts. Meanwhile, John Hale is largely unavailable to assist, as he’s witnessed a kidnapping, and finds himself the target of a dogged senior police officer as he tries to do his own private investigations.
Congratulations to these talented stampers! Please click on their names to go to their blogs and get details on how they created these fantastic cards and leave them some congrats too! Pat, Amber Joy, and Vanessa: please grab your Top Three blog badge on the side and display with pride on your blogs. Watch for your cards to be featured in our slide show and contact me at khasheck@gmail.com if you would like to be a guest design team member in a future challenge. You would get the sponsor's images to play with and be featured on a the challenge blog post.
Remember He is not dead, He doesn’t sleep, and He is in you.
We ended up with a house we really like, and in retrospect there are even more reasons that building a contemporary home on that lot was better left to our imaginations.
I don't know how far we are behind America, but this was part of series 16 with Police Officers Green and Fontana rather than Lupo and Bernard who I understand are this season's black and white detectives.
Still, one didn't, and just as well as those who did have a dip eventually, in the river that is made once the waterfall water levels off further down in the valley, found it painfully cold. I'm not at liberty to release the photos from that swimming attempt but trust
Sitting in a tent one summer with the then obligatory huge pile of comics. Amongst them was a strange thing called 2000AD, which had a strange effect on me. It just felt so completely different to anything I'd seen before, and I wasn't quite sure how to respond. I remember it was the issue with the Princess Porkina (from Ace Garp) poster, and it all seemed so weird and ludicrous. Fantastic.
Carrie Fisher had a small role billed as “Mystery Woman” with the film being released the same year as the classic “The Empire Strikes Back“.
Now it’s your turn: What are some of the experiences you’ve had with brands and how have these experiences affected your purchasing decisions or buying habits?
this year’s cool prelude to high summer.
It's probably no surprise to anyone who's spent any time at all with this blog that I am a complete nut for cute animals. And baby animals? Fuggitabout it. Total sucker.
We all remember E3 2005 when all the major developers and publishers were skeptical of Nintendo’s new motion contraption. Their was one major publisher that supported Nintendo from day one. That publisher’s name is UbiSoft and while other publishers like EA avoided Wii as much as possible, UbiSoft through their full support behind the new platform. UbiSoft profited greatly from investing in Nintendo’s new platform.
From the realm of awesomeness comes the news that Arnold Scwarzenegger plans to venture back onto the movie screens of this fine nation. The actor-turned governor-turned actor plans to make the movie The Governator. WTF?
7:00PM - 9:00PM
Hmmmm… Bad move, silly girl.
This weekend is going to be gourgous - mid to high 70's - which means i'll be at the beach trying to soak up a little color for Easter! .. Easter will be spent with my family, my brother is hosting - i should of been the host this year, but since i don't have doors in my house yet, it would cause a little issue with the bathroom situation .. I'm making Triple Berry Pie for the first time, so i'm REALLY hopeing it comes out OK!!
The moral of the above stories, however, have nothing to do with criminality.
Mom and I have covered a lot of walkin' territory over the years. We're in our neighborhood so many times during the day we are called "the neighborhood watch". You know Google Maps? Our next door neighbor pulled up their house and zoomed in on the photo only to find that the satellite had captured mom, dad and me coming home after a walk! Really :)
RemoveWAT 2.2.7. RemoveWAT, activator thoroughly remove windows 7 ultimate "wat" from your computer, 'wat' makes the OS requests the authentication key when first used.
08 - donald woods and the belairs - death of an angel
Paper - 300g hot pressed watercolour paper, basic grey dp
Might as well show some style
B1) Daddy Freddy - Tell Them A Me
With those dimensions in mind, the next step was to create the walls. The 53" height, combined with 101 1/2" length meant the walls would need to be stretched from three pieces of plywood. To accomplish this, each piece of plywood was cut to a 53" height. Based on the positioning of the door, we decide the piece would be unequal with the forward piece of plywood narrow, the middle the widest to accommodate the door opening, and the back piece covering the balance of the length. The plywood was joined at the ends using biscuits and wood glue, with a 1' wide backing of 1/4" plywood fastened with construction cement and air-driven brads.
We are serving the God of miracles, I know, yes I know
If I could invite three guests to dinner – (living or dead), who would you choose and why?
Other: Liquid pearls white opal
Grant that I may not so much seek
As a way to celebrate with our friends back home this year’s Halloween, AND since we are “in the future”, we are sharing ‘our Halloween the India Way.”
While wasting time when I should have been doing far more important things this morning, I clicked on a link to a website that sells Craigslist t-shirts (not because I want one, but because I was curious as to what a Craigslist t-shirt would look like), and from there, to Star Wars-themed t-shirts, and from there, to Star Trek-themed t-shirts.
When, as my luck would have it, the photographer could not be there for a ghost hunting. I was asked.
Of timeless sleep, meeting
1 1/4 sticks of unsalted butter, melted
Many things make me anxious. Too many to list, really. I get sad when I feel my difference, or my core aloneness.
Okay, I've got a really cool one for you today! Before I stole my first sip, sneaked my first sniff or broke the bottle open I already knew I was in for a treat... You see Rogue is always doing cool things in the world of craft beer and the Chatoe Rogue Dirtoir Black Lager is no exception!
Chocolate Polenta Souffle
You have the same privilege. You can use the Name of Jesus and His authority to stand against your opponent. Keep in mind: he’s already a defeated foe!
Mildred dutifully does as Monty suggests and takes Veda to play for the teacher, Mr. Hannon. She plows through Rachmaninoff and he tells her that her technique is crap and the little bit she wanted to add to the end is lame. He also, awesomely, makes her call him “sir” and to show a little respect, and she does. Mildred, take note. He’s willing to take her on, though, because he senses some talent and intelligence in her, so he asks Mildred to bring her by for lessons twice a week. Veda suddenly bursts into tears and goes running out, so Mildred runs after her and Veda sobs about how happy she is the guy agreed to take her.
So is it just my kids, or has anyone else had the experience of age 3 being worse than age 2?
The part of the giant robot, Gort, was played by 7'-7" actor Lock Martin, who had an absolutely miserable time during filming. Despite Martin's enormous size, he, like most people of extreme height, was not very strong. One scene required the alien robot to lift and carry Helen Benson (Patricia Neal). Martin simply couldn't lift the actress and carry her, so Neal was placed on a rolling table that was off screen. In another scene late in the film, Gort walks out of the spaceship and stands behind Klaatu for several minutes. The weight of the costume was too much for Martin to stand for any long period of time, and if you look closely, it is very evident that the actor is fighting to stay erect for the entire take. To get around this, the production team used a statue for any scene that required the robot to remain stationary for any length of time.
I think he has made up his mind...Hes going to the navy highschool!!
I saw that realistically there were a hundred ways it would be a huge problem for me to switch to another physician for prescriptions, for the necessary backup paperwork and opinions to satisfy various bits of the government. And there was the matter of the benzodiazapine, Klonopin, upon which I was “physically dependent.” And which worked, even after all these years, for both anxiety and mania that can lead to Very Bad.
He is apologizing for never being there for me, and says he will be now. (But it is my fault for not speaking up sooner sine he didn’t know I was so lonely)
First-time home buyers will be able to aspire for more expensive property after the My First Home Scheme is expanded under the budget to a maximum of RM400,000 from RM220,000.
But I go back and forth
But there are also plenty of ways you can ruin your chances of getting a new job. It may seem obvious, but you’d be surprised how many people kill their chances before they’ve even left their interview. If you’re hoping to land your dream job, here’s what not to do during the job hunt.
In medium saucepan, combine all ingredients except couscous. Bring to boiling; remove from heat. Stir in couscous. Let stand, covered, for 5 minutes. Makes 4 servings.
Deadline for this promo is on May 18
Wendy: I will share this information with others so they can make wiser choices. Thank you for sharing your concerns with me. Remember that many people do care about you and your families.
There is little point in commenting on the crazy economics of the game of football other than to say that so long as “fans” are willing to stump up ever increasing sums, the economics of the game will remain more entertaining than what occurs on the pitch.
WILBUR FULFS brot 500 lb pig feed $36.00 Also the assessor came at noon at Howards.
Compounded with the ‘generative mosaic’ problem is the fact that government and corporate databases are increasingly less threatening privacy concerns than those created by our ‘generative’ digital technologies and those who use them (virtually everyone in the first world and ever increasing numbers in the second and third worlds).
Co-Hosted Christmas for 40 in-laws
Every year I seem to get one picture that takes the cake. This is the winner this year. The calf has been worked already and I think it got a little rambunctious. Our hired man is on the ground and his brother is hugging the calf. LOVE IT!!!
Poor Cap. Steve Rogers (Chris Evans) is such a smart and instinctive guy but the fact that he’s a fish out of water and placed next to two of the world’s foremost geniuses, makes him seem a bit dense (his excitement at understanding the flying monkey reference was endearingly adorable). But his leadership skills and strategic ability are never questioned by his fellow heroes once the fighting begins. This is a guy whose entire world has been flipped upside down and yet he doesn’t even flinch. People need saving and by God, he’s going to save them. This includes a cute blonde waitress (Ashley Johnson). Anyone else find it interesting that her nametag said “Beth” which is a nickname for Elizabeth? You know what else is a nickname for Elizabeth? Betsy. As in Betsy Ross aka Golden Girl, Cap’s onetime partner and girlfriend. I can’t help but wonder if that is a coincidence. Considering it’s Joss Whedon, I’m thinking it had to be intentional.
Did I mention that I don’t like the neighbors’ cat?
So don’t bother trying to have me pick up a shift, or work for you, b/c I’ll be here.
Ok... we are in baseball season now and I only have 3 out of the 5 playing now but Morgan is playing both high school and pony league ball so we will be busy as hell once again all summer! lol
The application of this polish is flavless: two smooth coats and a wonderful minty color is achieved.
Perhaps some god would reach down with lightning arms
“This is the most critical time in human history, and mankind is going to have to face the music,” said Julia-Levy, the son of the late actor Raul Julia and producer of “Revelations of the Mayans 2012 and Beyond.”
- Rebellion
Penelope Starr, founder and producer, penelope@odysseystorytelling.com
Heat up your shortening in a saucepan if you don't have a deep fryer. It's better to fry just one or two krapfen at once, a greater number will cool the frying fat too much. During frying, the oil will bubble up. When the bubbles start to recede, it's time to flip your doughnut. It doesn't really matter which side you'll fry first but pay attention: the down side (the one that was in contact with the surface while rising) will take twice as long to fry as the up side.
That’s not the injured fox squirrel, I didn’t see him today. I did see it yesterday as I left for work, not good, that’s all I am going to say.
Socks: Payhalf.
Based on past contests, around 20% of the entries will have very strong writing with a couple getting perfect scores of 45. I set this top group aside and read them a second time. This stage is where the better story (in my view) will win. This stage is subjective.
It was delicious! We ordered a lentil dish which was very much like a sweet chili, a beef dish that was rather like fajita meat or stir-fried meat, and a carrot, cabbage, and onion dish that had a lovely kick of ginger.
Another ramification of this limitation in short-term memory is that recency trumps quality. So there is the risk of a poorer choice being made simply due to the order in which the options were considered. So in addition to considering options in groups, also consider the order in which the option was considered.
If we hadn't let in so many Muslims, if there weren't so many mosques and Islamic centres and university Islamic societies, then this "radicalisation" would not be our problem.
If our plan was to get good returns with less risk than the index we would look for beta managers not alpha managers.
And there is one other small job to do. Can you spot it? I've left the plant label on the Hygrangea petiolaris. It's been there at least two years so why haven't I removed the label? Good question. ..
I decided to start the search for what to wear asap, as great dresses are not ones that just fall out of the sky.
6. Please Teacher!
(88) This text (Leningrad Codex B19A) was consonantal written Hebrew basically lacks vowels, and so in a time when that language was not commonly spoken it became necessary to indicate somehow the pronunciation of words.
A study by the Constitutional Accountability Center found that the Chamber of Commerce had won 65 percent of its cases heard by the court under Chief Justice John Roberts, compared to 56 percent under former Chief Justice William Rehnquist (1986-2005) and just 43 percent of the cases that came during the Burger court (1969-1986).
The first book I mentioned, Spices and Condiments was written by Dr J.S. Pruthi and first published in 1976. And here is the man himself!
I think it’s clear Weeden will make or break this draft for a lot of people, and I’m one of them. I think Tom Brady would have had a losing record with last years’ supporting cast, with only one legitimate NFL wide receiver in Greg Little and a running game that makes grown men cry (in the bad way). Richardson should fix the latter, and our offensive line is better. Maybe Weeden is Kurt Warner 2.0; maybe he’s Chris Wenke. He has talent, unlike Wenke, but he never bagged groceries (that I know of), so obviously I can’t tell if he’s the next Warner.
It is about time I posted some of these. As some of you might know I had the misfortune of having the vast bulk of my sketchbooks and non-digital photos (covering a period of over twenty years!) stolen earlier this year by someone who pretended to be doing me a favour but was in fact a thieving toerag of the highest order. I can forgive the books, the vinyl LPs, the CDs, the board games and fan-made Doctor Who DVDs that vanished with the culprit, but losing the photo archive and the artwork really hurt. So now I have no alternative but to rely on the already scanned scrapings that I manage to dredge up here and there on any hard drives or USB pens that haven’t become corrupted over the intervening years. First up is two pages of a comic drawn as a birthday card for Adam Easterbrook, heaven knows how many years ago. I gave him the originals but kept a set of photocopies. Sadly this scanned image is all that survives. I don’t think the artwork is anything to write home about but the pacing and story aren’t too shabby.
If you would like to see photos from our event in Sydney, please email meetandgreet@thefirstwire.org with the subject line “Sydney: Recap”. Include your name, city, and email address. Photos are only released to TFW Readers on our listserv. If you are not on our listserv, please email listserv@thefirstwire with the subject line “ADD ME” including your name, city, and primary email address.
Finally, I've just received in the post (and haven't yet read but want to draw to your attention) a novel by Patricia Elliott called THE PALE ASSASSIN. What an irresistible title! It's part one in a series called PIMPERNELLES and the books are set at the time of the French Revolution. Elliott is a very good writer indeed (remember MURKMERE?) and this, with its deliberate nod to Baroness Orczy's Scarlet Pimpernel, is sure to be terrific. Watch this space as I'll comment on it further once I've taken it on holiday myself.
The underofficer in charge had moved to a position where from the corners of their eyes they could see him. His sword was extended in the air.
It's a scam!
It's time for another challenge at Midweek Magnolias. This week our theme is May Flowers - how fabulous is that, we all love using flowers right ?!!!
In the same skillet, cook the sausage and ground beef until brown. Drain or sop any grease from the pan. Add the Italian seasoning and crushed red pepper. Remove to the bowl of cooked vegetables, cover and continue to keep warm.
Maloney saw its early lead in the second game vanish as the Indians pulled away to a 13-4 advantage before the Spartans stopped the NHS scoring surge with a kill from junior Koran Largent. Tyler Wilgoos hit through the Maloney block for a 19-13 NHS lead. A pair of solo blocks from GeRand Nelson and a kill from Largent cut the Newington lead to 22-18.
Here’s the dope on Avalanche Amber:
And, how many bands or artists of real worth – by that I mean long term worth – have actually come out of the MySpace axis? Arctic Monkeys immediately springs to mind – not, I admit, that I’m particularly partial to them… in that I don’t exactly rush home after a long day thinking… heck, I’d better hurry along ‘cos I’m absolutely busting to hear a new Arctic Monkeys’ tune. Lily Allen – sorry but the same applies.
Yuval Zellner: Winner
Thuria - The name for a large area of land believed to once have been a great empire in itself. A few hundred years ago it was united and ruled from Thyle, but now the land is divided into a number of other kingdoms.
And if I ever start to forget, may the Lord use the sparkle of light from my golden ornament to remind me of Christmas, Christ in the every day, of giving, spreading good cheer, feeling joy that only comes from Him, and peace that passes all understanding, reaching out and loving the lovables and the unlovables.
Okay, that’s a little unfair. Elon’s enrollment was affected by the Great Depression, and there was also a fire in 1923 that devastated the school, but by the mid-1930s, Elon was in trouble, having briefly lost its accreditation and barely keeping its financial ship afloat. Elon was barely hanging on, but then caught a break when Army Air Corps pilots trained on campus during World War II, which helped the school survive (shades of the relationship between the U.S. Navy and Notre Dame, with one difference being that Elon didn’t have a famous football team). After the war, veterans and the G.I. Bill pushed enrollment past 700.
And now on a lighter note, here are some photos taken just after easter. Mr Roo and I took a little time out and went for a few days away down south to Tenterfield and then on to Byron Bay. On the way down we called in to Suttons Farm.near Stanthorpe. I had read on another blog that you can pick your own apples (which appealed enormously to Mr Roo as he had always wanted to pick apples straight from the tree), AND they have a cafe. I had seen on said blog, photos of gi-normous apple pies made by the lady of the farm, and thought that I would just have to sample a slice for myself.......
3. "I don't want to say anything further until I've spoken with my attorney."
"Did she beat them?" one might ask. "Was she cruel? Emotionally abusive? Neglectful?"
Mario Key Beat Goomboss abaft 8-Star Aperture in the Rec-Room
Why they work: The Giants meet all of the above criteria, and have one of the league’s deepest and most talented bullpens, despite losing their opening day closer to Tommy John surgery. Their offense is mediocre at best, and they could sacrifice a quality arm to boost their lineup. You could shoot for the stars, and ask for Sergio Romo in return, who has been one of baseball’s best relief pitchers over the past two years, (200 ERA+ and 11.5 K/9 between ’10-’11) and is just 29 years old. The Giants have been looking to find room for their own prospect, Heath Hembree, in their bullpen, and unloading Romo would allow for that while still keeping two lefty arms in their ‘pen. If the Giants are reluctant to deal Romo, you could scale back and ask for exciting 23 year old outfield prospect Gary Brown. Brown ranked #38 on Baseball America’s Top 100 Prospects prior to the start of the 2012 season, and perhaps the Giants could be coaxed into parting ways with him for an instant upgrade to their offense.
While there's nothing sexier than watching a large group of naked Nazi chicks marching in unison, the opposite is true when an equally large group of SS men are seen doing the exact same thing. You see, an SS officer without his black uniform is nothing more than a lumpy mound of disgusting pig flesh. The second you take it away, the male Nazi, whether they be an Obersturmbannführer or a Hauptsturmführer, loses his primary source of power. You could say that this happens to the majority of men when faced with the prospect of being completely naked, but it seems to be worse when it occurs to men who are trying to project an air of strength to the world. Instead of commanding respect and admiration, the untoward dangling produced by the misshapen quagmire festering between their legs is more likely to induce derisive laughter. Rather than bombing munitions factories during the war, the Allies should have concentrated their firepower on the textile plants that manufactured their uniforms. Think about it: millions of lives could have been saved had they only targeted their sense of style.
The elections to the MCD are going to be held on Sunday next. The Association of Democratic Reforms reports that 139 criminals are contesting the elections. Their crimes range from murder, attempted murder and kidnapping to stealing. There are 39 BJP candidates who face serious criminal charges. Just yesterday the sitting BJP Councillor (who is also a candidate in the current elections), Madhav Prasad, was arrested for killing a fellow party worker.
3. Carrie Underwood – “Blown Away” Underwood’s quiet-loud vocal dynamic probably sounds better on the studio recording of this song. Otherwise I thought this song sounded ok. It had a nice rolling intensity and when it was firing on all cylinders Carrie’s belting sounded great! I’m not sure if she pulled off the “stiff, damaged, and intense” look, though. Her stage presence seemed more uptight than it should have been.
A 2010 photograph of a dozen women surrounding a newly inaugurated president might well depict the local chapter of the League of Women Voters. But these 60-somethings share more than the bonds of suffrage. They share a history of suffering and survival: they are the women whom the Brazilian military in the 1970s jailed and tortured at São Paulo’s Tiradentes prison along with their friend, comrade, and now president of the world’s sixth-largest economy, Brazil’s Dilma Rousseff.
Unlace yourself, for that harmonious chime
MT- MPD (Marketing Planning and Development)
Other options that I’ve looked into for a primary source of protein are Tilapia fish and Guinea pigs, the fish are harder to house and much less mobile if you intend to bug out or are forced to and the Guinea pigs are rodents and it’s kind of hard to get over eating rodents for me. Neither is completely off the table if there is a way to house and feed them reasonably, but they are not going to be my primary options.
Preheat oven to 450F. Thaw fish according to directions.
I've carried my share of anger around like a bag of heavy rocks more times than I care to remember. It weighed me down physically, emotionally and mentally. Yet even knowing that it was doing so, another situation would arise that would bring forth that anger once again, and I'd add it to the satchel and continue on. At some point, I laid the bag down because I couldn't walk another step, and said "enough." Did it happen overnight? Not at all. Do I continue to experience anger? Of course I do. It's a necessary emotional response to specific situations in life. It's what we do with the anger that is important.
In addition I think we should have ask the technicians on how to attach the camera to the tripod before leaving with it as some of our scenes did seem somewhat wonky due to the camera being poorly aligned before being taped to the tripod. Also when it comes to the actual filming process I think we should have planned it out a little better so as to include all the group in the process.
WHERE: St. Anthony’s Hotel
But what about the current state of play at Jack Falstaff? On our most recent cheesecake-free visit, our waitress is a real gem. Professional, extremely knowledgeable about both the wine and the food, as well as being sporty enough to keep the cheekier elements of our party in check with humour and grace.
Alpha and the Moon Code (Reverse Dissemination), 2012, Paint by numbers kit, acrylic paint on board.
- I organized a Couchsurfing meeting the other night. Not too many people came that are members of the site, but there were still a lot of people (mostly friends) including a Belgian guy I had hung out with a few weeks back. The two of us met up before for coffee and dinner before heading over to the bar where some of us had a few too many beers. Knowing the girlfriend of the bar owner is dangerous. And let me tell you, tutoring the next morning was not very fun.
We passed some kind of threshold this week. The maples along Henderson Street burst into flower, and glowed in early evening light as I walked to my meeting on Thursday; the tulips defied the pessimists and bloomed just in time for Tulip Festival; killdeer called in the fields and barn swallows dipped overhead, as Thomas and I planted trees along Black Rapids Creek yesterday morning. Now that spring has firmly gripped Ottawa, I find myself looking ahead to summer.
Group 4 – Tapped Jan. 15th
b. Un educated.
Friends. Please help me on the exciting adventure of finding the perfect case for my new phone.
Anyway best get on, things to do, people to see etc not to mention find time to read more of the new Jeff Lindsay (might not have spelled that right - sorry Jeff) which himslef bought for me as soon as it was released. I love Dexter Morgan.
Please advise Danielle Ray if you are interested in participating in the book signing on Saturday. Anyone who has books for sale through Aaron’s Books or on the Pennwriters’ merchandise table may sign books during the author’s signing.
FBI May Keep Acquitted Suspects On Terror Watch List
Taken: 07/2010
+ we gave the girls our scraps of greens leftover from the bolting salad mix & planted zucchini & yellow squash in its place. i am closely watching out for aphids this year, our biggest pest last year.
I can only thank the people who have helped me
Veggies and hummus
