10. Do you prefer books/movies/TV series with clearly defined endings, or those with ambiguous ones?
Thus far this figure still remains unchanged.
You have to work at it to make it work. Don’t step into it too quickly, give yourself enough time to gather all the ingredients you’re going to need, to make sure. To ensure that you’re on the right page of the book.
*ribbon scraps
Hullo!
I’ll always remember walking into the chemist that afternoon to get some medicine for Emma to assist with her cold and the lady at the chemist asking us her date of birth and myself and my daughter standing there blankly looking at each other. She then preceded to ask us if she was alergic to anything. I swear she must have thought I was a bad parent to not know the age/date of birth of my child and if they had any alergies, the look we got was priceless. In the end we explained the situation. That’s one of our first lessons, you get so little information on medical background it makes things very difficult. Soon we were to learn even how much harder it can get not knowing a medical background!
We hope to have a list up soon of bars and brewpubs that are participating; I know for sure that Monk's Cafe and the Grey Lodge are doing it in Philly. If you are a bar or brewpub owner, and would like to join in, e-mail me and I'll get you the information, and a template we've made for a flyer/poster.
The nozzle is adjustable so you can control the flow - loved that! The liquid isn't as thick as glue so controlling the flow is important.
Joan Baez - Will the Circle Be Unbroken
Mrs
Quote--"But it doesn't end there. You see, everybody in this room is part of my dream. Everybody."
Marilee also mentioned that we are now teaching the second generation of what she calls “Car Seat Babies.” “Car Seat Babies” is the term she uses to describe children that have been left in car seats for many hours, long after they have left the automobile due to seats that are designed to be taken into grocery stores, restaurants, and clipped into strollers, etc. She said that the problem is that many of the seats force the head into one single position and do not allow the child to turn his head towards any sound to check out what is happening. After a while, they give up and tune everything out. This leads to muscle issues and attention difficulties. And I have to say that I would agree that this is probably a big issue, since leaving a baby that appears to be content in a seat is probably going to be the easiest thing for most parents. And I still see children all the time riding around in strollers who are FAR too old to be pushed around in places like malls and amusement parks. Even children of five, six, seven years old or older are getting pushed around like babies when they are entirely capable of walking. I realize that the children are probably tired, but I imagine that the adults are, too. Why not just rest a bit and then keep walking? What are their parents thinking of? I don’t mean to be judgmental, but once my children outgrew the stroller, we gave it away and never considered giving them an opportunity to ride when they could walk. If you would like to download Marilee’s handout, click here.
May you develop a life of daily thanks to God for His gift of life through Jesus, and His continual provision out of His heart of love for you. May hearing His heartbeat cause you to have a thankful heart.
i already shared a picture the other day from my trip. ((our pastor loved the gift)) that sunny day was only one of a few days of sun we got in california. most days it was warmer here in WI. lol. none of that mattered to me though, i had a really blessed time.
8B. Sound and Place – TEL 238
Lastly, there’s that rumored house of Sinatra somewhere here that I’ve never seen. There’s that mafia hideout-turned-secret resort that we’ve passed sometimes on the way to the store, that resort with no name or signboard; that fenced-in, locked-up resort all occluded by bushes. I hear it’s clothing optional inside. How exclusive.
But what kind of anarchist wakes up at 7am?
a lone figure hurrying
“Up,” Pitcher commanded as he motioned with his left hand, the scout’s rifle held steady on the man’s chest.
This is a two-day hop; however, we are only making one project. That should give you two full days to go through the entire hop and leave comments on each blog and become followers of each blog, if you are not already, to be entered to win some of our sponsored prizes! Some blogs may be offering blog candy as well so this is a hop you're gonna wanna finish!
"We must begin to use our accumulated strength to destroy the organs of government of the apartheid regime… we have now set out upon this path… towards rendering the country ungovernable."
Fabriqué en France
A few weeks ago I traveled to beautiful Washington, D.C. for a work trip. I was in town for the groundbreaking of the Smithsonian's 19th museum -- the National Museum of African American History and Culture. I had the chance to see some of the sights, ate oysters at the historic Old Ebbet's Grill and saw the President & First Lady.
g - great
I said, "Jesus Jim, I turned on my TV this morning since it's a holiday, flipped through the channels and turned it off. I've never seen such a bunch of trash. It's disgraceful. How do you watch that? I hate America. I'm moving to Great Britain."
What are your kids doing?
About the Book:
“Double Exposure” is the second time Kurtel has paired a piece of LED art directly with her music, but marks the first time where the audience will be able to affect the experience. ‘The Introspectacular’, like much of Kurtel’s LED work, establishes an isolated space where the infinite reflections and layers of depth, achieved through her use of mirrors and LEDs, create a stimulus for inner-reflection and introspection. Housed in a 6×12 enclosed trailer, participants can control some of the LED lights via the keys of a midi controller, which simultaneously produces sounds, creating a visual mapping of what the participant is hearing and vice-versa.e’ will see Deniz will unveil her new LED sculpture ‘The Introspectacular’ while premiering her album ‘The Way We Live’ at 15 club shows in 12 cities around the country including Miami, Washington DC, New York, Detroit, Chicago, San Francisco and Los Angeles. The tour kicks off in Washington DC on April 7 and concludes in San Francisco on April 29. ‘The Way We Live’ will be released on Wolf + Lamb June 4th, 2012.
No sense in complaining to the manager. He won't do anything unless someone is disturbing him personally. He has himself well insulated with the snowbird above him and quiet people on either side. (Us for one) It takes forever to get anything fixed. The toilet has been constantly running for two months now. I've told him about it twice. The only thing this place is good for is when people have a hard time paying their rent.
PACHUCKI CT, WALSH PAPPAS SA, FULLER GF, KRAUSE SL, LENTINO JR, SCHAAFF DM. Influenza A among hospital personnel and patients. Implications for recognition, prevention and control. Arch Intern Med 1989; 149: 77-80.
Review by Felix Contreras for NPR.org. Please visit that link to show your appreciation and to support them and/or to stream track by track.
How long the fuse, and in turn ... how big the boomski? Or how many (boomski's). Or how widespread, how prevalent.
Civic groups and opposition officials contend that Mr. Gono and the Reserve Bank have helped finance the governing party’s patronage operation, essential to Mr. Mugabe’s hold on power for the past 28 years. Eddie Cross, a senior official in the opposition Movement for Democratic Change, accused the Reserve Bank of looting the Global Fund’s donation.
Well, not cool at all. In fact, it made me so angry and hungry (in both meanings of the word) that I promised myself that I would come back some day and treat myself to a buryaani when these seniors were at college.
Do you like it when someone makes you feel even worse about your messy moments? How do you feel about the person who punishes you, criticizes you, rubs your face in your mistakes? How differently do you feel about person who shows compassion and understanding? The one who offers assistance and grace? Which kind of person do you want to be for your child?
Check this out;
One may have logged onto the website to pray for outstanding prayer requests. Thank You Jesus for answering each prayer request according to Your perfect will. Amen.
Then a friend of mine invited me to a scrapbook event called National Scrapbook Day. I brought what little supplies that I owned at the time along with photos of Miss K to work on. Turns out that the consultant that was hosting this event was the mother of a childhood friend of mine. I was in awe of the huge quantities of supplies she kept in her home to create scrapbooks.
I hated it. More than anything I have done in the blog world.
I was bopping around etsy looking for a bit of embellishment inspiration when I ran across a newly listed tatted one and I was a bit bummed that I was beaten to the punch. It's a completely different pattern of course, but it is similar in shaping. I'm still going to finish mine though and since the one already listed looks like it was priced based on time to create as well, I won't feel so bad about listing it. I still need to finish sewing in the lining which is just muslin. I did think about going with silk, but I think muslin is actually more usable. Sure you can put your gloves in a silk bag, but your keys and cellphone? I did make a nice double drawstring out of crochet chains instead of ribbons too. That means there's no color contrast there, but I think the lining will take care of that. Then I'll buckle down and decide on the perfect embellishments to the design. Right now I'm thinking about a chain tassel off the bottom and then maybe I go back and add a beaded edge on top.
Thought I gave it up, didn't you.
Their naming scheme is a bit confusing but the Archos G9′s are currently running on Android 4.0.3 Ice Cream Sandwich, but the build from Archos rolling out today is 4.0.5 — not Ice Cream Sandwich, but that is the version of Archos’ own firmware. Apparently with ICS they’ve had a few issues with WiFi going extremely slow after being on for more than a few minutes. Some users have also reported no audio or audio issues with HDMI-out and streaming video or games. Archos has quickly fixed the problems and the update is available now for those interested.
Second, mothers, take time to be a real friend to your children. Listen to your children, really listen. Talk with them, laugh and joke with them, sing with them, play with them, cry with them, hug them, honestly praise them. Yes, regularly spend unrushed one-on-one time with each child. Be a real friend to your children.
So there you go…even with the mortising, it doesn’t take that long once you get the hang of it. Now I can get the whole door changed out in about 20 minutes. I’ve had a lot of practice over the past year though. :) Only two more to go…and I’m DONE.
Your hold on me is just too strong
..and much more to come!
Stardrift Empires (Developer – Blue Frog Gaming)
I’m so thankful for my mom. I love visiting them and seeing all of the flowers bloom. I love seeing the joy on my mom’s face while she excitedly tells me about a flower that just bloomed. Things like that are memories I cherish the most.
Newton gives further ”evidence” for Colton’s entry into heaven (he knew several things he couldn’t have known otherwise), recounts her own indoctrination with faith as a girl, and describes some post-book developments, in which Colton seems to have become a bit of a religious jerk:
Mmm...
"If all the prices of goods have increased but the salary remains the same, is this possible? There are actually more poor people in Sabah now than the last two years."
- I had my ovaries removed to cut the risk of developing ovarian cancer from 45% down to 4%...there were no cancerous cells in my ovaries.
Other examples:
“The Vietnamese people deeply love independence, freedom, and peace. But in the face of United States aggression, they have risen up, united as one man.”
- Even with adjusting my pan sizes, the loaves were still pretty petite. Next time I'd bake this recipe as one loaf in one larger (9x5) pan, or as sandwich rolls.
There was the usual moment of silence while pupils searched their memories and tried to dredge up the English equivalent; faces were screwed up and thoughtful eyes searched the heavens. And then, somewhere in the middle of the class, the penny dropped.
as soon as I get a spare 5 minutes :)
The morality just made me feel better about it when I sent off my resume.
Introduce game: Today I will send home a Take Home Test. Let’s see how well you can answer the questions.
When Macmillan changed to the agency model we did so knowing we would make less money on our e book business. We made the change to support an open and competitive market for the future, and it worked. We still believe in that future and we still believe the agency model is the only way to get there.
I couldn't resist making this sketch vertical. I admit that I have an obsession with vertical cards and I don't really want to cure myself :)
Kohl (D-WI)
I will tell you that Walk is currently my fav music video and as an added bonus I’ll share it with you… because I’m a nice guy like that!
May 2012 be full of blessings and great joy for all of us! +
Murphy: I feel sorry for Mittens because
For most “shroudies”, though, it is more than just intellectual. It offers that elusive but faith-validating proof that Jesus died exactly as the gospels say he did. But again it gets complicated, for the Vatican, since 1983 the owner of this hotly disputed icon, disappoints “shroudies” by limiting itself to declaring that the burial cloth is a representation of Jesus’s crucified body, not his actual linen wrap. And it has accepted the carbon-dating tests as conclusive.
The hardest part was making sure he had used 100 blocks. All three of us counted it over and over again to make sure it was right! I think it came out great and can't wait to hear what his teacher thinks.
I have been trying to figure out in the past few months how to get my vitamin tablets down a little easier. It's a real chore. Scrap that - it doesn't matter what tablet I'm trying to get down, they are ALL a chore. I break my big vitamin tab in half and even then it's a pain to try to get the two halves down. Today the good doc gave me a website to access to buy some chewables and gave me one to try. They are like a huge platelet shape, purplish and taste like a saccharine version of a vitamin C tablet. Not too bad actually. I have looked at numerous chemists around where I live and not one of them seems to sell them so it looks like I have to go online and order them from America. I will do that this afternoon.
Thirteen features, two shorts, a mini-concert and four documentaries – all world premieres – are on the bill, including the previously announced restored and extended print of Sergio Leone’s Once Upon a Time in America, which has been overseen by Martin Scorsese. Robert De Niro, Elizabeth McGovern and Jennifer Connelly, who star in the film, will attend, alongside the Leone family.
As Brandon and I were enjoying our bread and salad, I tried to calm my nerves. We were attempting to teach Sophie how to drink out a straw to pass the time until our food arrived. (She did it once, but she is not straw-ready quite yet.) When our food arrived, I stared at Sophie's bowl as if I could maybe see if it had gluten or not, even though I know that's impossible to do. I tasted her pasta to see if it was regular pasta or gluten-free. Unfortunately (or fortunately depending how you see it), I had eaten enough gluten-free pasta lately that it was a very familiar taste so I couldn't remember if that was what GF pasta or regular pasta tasted like. After asking the server again if it was indeed gluten-free pasta, and her reassuring me once again, I finally let Sophie eat. The uneasiness never left the entire meal, but I did my best to enjoy my food and to let Sophie enjoy being out, which she loves because of all the people who pay her attention. :)
- Y – Be at peace within yourself by being faithful to submit to Christ and serve others.
I guess If I was really trying to come up with a good pen name, one I was going to want to keep and write under for the rest of my life, I would keep "Rose" and for a last name go with something that started "Ma..." so my books would hopefully end up sort of near Juliet Marillier's. That would make me smile.
Finally, I was challenged to make a card featuring snowflakes and lots of sparkle. I followed a tutorial from the latest Impressions magazine (exclusive to Stampin' Up! Demonstrators) that showed how to make a snowflake using the Lace Ribbon Border Punch. For the base of the card I embossed some Whisper White card with a snowflake background and then highlighted some of the snowflakes by adding glue and a mixture of Tempting Turquoise embossing powder and glitter. The main card is Pool Party cardstock and I've added a pretty bow from matching Ruffled Ribbon.
And refilled with some water again to make chicken soup. Scratched the meat on the bone before throwing the bone away. Making myself a simple bowl of clear mushroom chicken soup.
The same goes for our marriages. We can say over and over,
In either case, your objectivity is now shot full of holes, and it becomes COMPLETELY PERSONAL.......
I think my problem comes down to the way I view language: as a tool. For me, language is the means by which we tell stories and by which we think and have ideas. But, to me, language has no beauty in itself. You could write the most beautiful, flowing sentence in the world but unless it evoked a gorgeous image or helped to further along a beautiful story, I just don’t see it.
h/t: SF
When it comes to storing cookbooks, I have them in two different stacks in the food making room. I just Heart how they add beautiful splashes of color! My main recommendation as far as storing them, is to make sure they aren't too close to any cooking surfaces, to ensure they don't become covered in sauces and splats, which will prolong their precious lives!
affinities between smell and sound as sensory zones for which
ALLENDE ARTS FESTIVAL
“In the corporate world, business attire is like a uniform. In a salon, I get to make bold, elegant fashion statements! Working at a salon entails more than just being current with latest hair creations but also serves as a source of inspiration for style.”
So, I'm just going to commit. This back and forth could go on for many more days, if I let it! So here you go...
And I am really thankful that I did. I have been going to the local Super Cuts for nearly 14 years and a wonderful stylist, Kippy, has been cutting my hair all that time. Even when I lived 260 miles away for a period of time in there, I would regularly return to her when I was in town for her services. She is absolutely THE BEST!!!
Whenever an organization has been successful doing the same thing for five or more years, it is the responsibility of the leader to examine the process and results and look for new ways to enrich and improve.
My first feelings of, this is not quite right, was when my parents came over on Christmas Eve. We were told by her pediatrician, for the holidays, because she was still a newborn, and still premature, not to leave the house. We were 2 days out of the hospital. We went to the doctor that day and Julia had dropped weight, which I was worried about. She was now 5lb10oz. I weighed myself and was more than I had ever weighed, possibly more than I was when I delivered. I burst into tears! I remember learning from my big sister that when you give birth, you lose 20-30 pounds. I was somehow on the losing end of that deal. What the hell!?!/!?
The truth is even more binding with the Body of Christ. When the enemy burned the Christians at the stake they were in reality burning the Lord Jesus Christ. When a Christian is referred to as an infidel, the One being worshipped is also an infidel. While on that road to Damascus, Saul of Tarsus was rejecting Jesus Christ as the Son of God. Suddenly, he met up with Him as Judge and he knew it. He, who thought he was in control of all things found himself at the mercy of the very One he had denied.
last minute
The vultures were flying over my love
Paul learned to rejoice in his infirmities because he began to understand that the reason those were there was so that God’s power could be manifested in his life. He knew the reason the thorns were there was so that he wouldn’t get into pride, and so that Paul would be in total surrender and dependence upon God.
Barry Rubin: Obama Hearts Turkish Leader Erdogan As He Oppresses His Own People and Stabs America in the Back Gaza youth call for strike, protests Thursday It’s official: Israel cutting off contacts with the ‘human rights council’ IDF Paratroopers complete intensive training period Peter Beinart’s Crisis of Zionism: A Book With A Crisis Of Inaccuracy Ammiel Hirsch’s response to Beinart (video/text) idfonline: תזכורת: פיקוד העורף יערוך ב-19:10 ניסוי התרעה בכלל תחנות הרדיו האזוריות, במהלכו ייקטעו שידורי התחנות ויישמע צפצוף שיימשך כעשר שניות Jeep Adventure in the Israel Military by JewishPressTV Soccer Dad’s Middle East Media Sampler Yedidya Atlas: The Strange Case of Migron What Muslims really want Single Saudi men not welcome at malls
So will the government look to replace them or take any action against them? Perti said no such action was being planned against these directors. And top coal ministry sources added that any such decision—taking action against independent directors—would involve a very lengthy process which the ministry perhaps wants to avoid.
On the other hand, Puscifer can really be seen as any material desire that’s strong enough to cause one person to become subservient to another. So the more you let your physical world & desires rule you, the further you go down the ‘mine’, leaving yourself blinded and vulnerable to dark forces such as the dominator types who want to manipulate humanity through culture, religion, science, etc. It’s a message from the dominators threatening the people who are trying to gain more knowledge and freedom for themselves. The dominators are saying “you’re not going any higher until you learn the rules and pay your dues…so just be patient, and keep the pawns below you busy for now until we tell you what to do.” This is why you see the “Dingo” billboard during some of the live performances. The dingo is an apex predator (meaning it’s at the top of the food chain). For example:
On my last trip to my LHBS, I picked up a March pump and some fittings. The kettle keeps getting heavier to lift. So I am 2/10th of the way to having a completed brewing system. All I need now is two kegs, three burners, a frame, another pump, and an electronic controller.
People are dying. The planet is dying. People and the planet start dying together, a harmony of death almost.
I knew then "what" and "how" I felt - but felt it was more important to try and be the legacy my father hoped I would be for our family, going forward in history. To be "the man" that would make all his life's struggles and his fathers father's wrongs, righted, or forgotten, as I took my place as the man of the family.
We need new owners. I don’t think Yeung et al are trying to bleed us dry (he needs something of value to sell on) but the perpetual uncertainty and mystery is unsustainable.
Left us Chums of Chance
Enjoy the tour...
During the festival romance and fun can be found everywhere. It is said that Songkran Festival Day displays the craziness of Thai people in “water wars” while Loy Krathong Festival the love between Thai women and men. Join these activities with your Thai girl and enjoy the fun and romance.
the stars how they shine
punches-Stampin Up
Conduct project engineers review meetings to confirm the work was done properly and assist project engineer in resolving any technical aspect problem.
We tend to live like paupers sitting at a bare table in a fireless room, not knowing there’s a pot of gold in the cellar. Our subconscious can be made to serve the daily needs of our lives. It can be made to work for us productively; it can make of you a much more efficient person by acting the part of a good secretary of the mind, reminding you of certain things that need to be done at certain times by hunting up information that the conscious mind has mislaid.
He didn’t move. Still stuck, looking like a pantomimed ice skater, he stared through me with blank eyes. Behind him, the rest of the world was motionless and silent to match. Ms. Therber’s stack of forms and filings hung in the air beside a half-cuffed biker making a paused run for freedom. Two young cops stood in his way, one already on his way down to take out the guy’s knees. Their hair stuck out in all directions. Even with this, I didn’t realize exactly what was happening before I saw three small birds beyond the window. Their wings outstretched, they were flying, but mot moving.
The past is gone and she dances to a new beat
Shit.
The costly aversion of the eyes from death --
A happy bride, a happy groom, a happy wallet, ba-da-boom!
Alaska Airlines is pleased to announce new daily nonstop service between Portland and Pasco beginning in late August, 2012.
Establishing his own spot amongst the ranks of East Coast hip-hop’s seminal figures, DJ/producer Statik Selektah utilized his turntabling skills and ingenuity in PR and promotions to break some of the region’s most promising artists, bearing his own influence on the national mixtape circuit. He has worked with Talib Kweli, Styles P, Consequence, Freeway, and Jadakiss (among many others); and most importantly, the DJ became a major-player on the mixtape circuit as his releases with Nas, Q-Tip, John Legend, and Saigon received major accolades and write-up’s. Statik dropped his first LP, Spell My Name Right in 2007, Stick 2 the Script in 2008, 100 Proof: The Hangover in 2010 and Population Control in 2011. Last year also saw him teaming up for projects with Action Bronson and Freddie Gibbs as well as a full length masterpiece Straight, No Chaser with REKS earlier this year.
My faith does not rest on human wisdom but on God’s power to God’s glory in Christ Jesus! Amen!
2) It’s not that f***ing serious. As a perfectionist, I want to create the best piece of work I can. Though people have said my stories are smart and entertaining, I’m not trying to break any ground and win a bunch of academic awards either. I don’t see any of my books as mandatory reading material for AP English classes for future generations. I don’t write for that.
and striking out 94 times in only 274 at bats, but he still got the call up as did
Talk by Shaykh Muhammad Saleem Dhorat (Hafizahullaah)
Those who don't qualify for a grant based on financial need can look into a federal student loan. But it's important to know that these types of loans are only available to students who attend a vocational school that participates in the Federal Family Education Loan Program (FFELP).
maybe just too much on my mind-
Today I'm taking part in the Origin's blogfest! If you'd like to check out some of the other participants, click here to one of the co-hosts blogs, where there is an absolutely HUGE list of people taking part! There seems to be so many out there willing to share their origin stories. I'll try my best to get around them, but with class, I've only got so much time on my hands!
Use all your 14 available tags. Tagging with colours is useful - people often curate Treasuries with a particular colour theme in mind and search for items that way. Also, as long as it's accurate, try and list items in more than one category to increase your visibility. For example, I have my hand-painted hearts listed in both home decor and holiday categories.
There were parts that really touched me. There were parts that made me think, "I would so not like to be in that situation with my finger on the trigger". I really liked the book.
This text is often cited in what’s loosely termed “the defense of traditional marriage.” Yet while few human institutions claim to be as traditional as marriage, even fewer have undergone more traceable metamorphoses. Imagine how you’d like concubinage with female slaves functioning as secondary wives and surrogate mothers; a woman’s loss of property to her husband once married; levirate marriage where men were required to take a dead brother’s wife and produce heirs for him; a husband’s unquestioned right to philander; marital indissolubility in the face of spousal or child abuse. All these and more were once part of marriage’s bedrock tradition.
In a recent conversation with a new friend, she asked, "Does it really matter to the Lord what I do for a job?" She is afraid to ask God what he thinks. Why? Because she is afraid she might find out God's will requires a radical change in her life.
“I look at a piano, I see a bunch of keys, three pedals, and a box of wood. But Beethoven, Mozart, they saw it, they could just play.”
Please share the following job listings with your students. These positions are open to all your undergrads and graduates. For more information on each job posting, students can access the WRP Job Posting webpage on the WRP website http://www.dol.gov/odep/wrp/positions.htm
Seeing the bread (or what was left of it by the time we got there = not much) reminded me that I hadn’t posted all the recipes yet. And that I’d mentioned on the labels that people could find them here. So I thought I’d better buckle down and get to it.
But I kept moving
Quote--"Hehehhehhehheheh" He does'nt talk...just laughs!
So what will it take to finally bring the last of this rotting wreck of humanity down? Why the upcoming war with Argentina now backed by China, over the Falklands, of course. England is stretched bare in Afghanistan, yelping like a good lapdog to the yanks, the very same yanks who are obviously siding with the financially broke and corrupt Latin Argentineans over the financially broke and corrupt Anglo British. There simply is no way that Britain can keep the Falklands and the oil wealth there and this loss will reduce Britain overnight to a third world nation.
Not much of a post, but something for now. I’ll be trying to gather my pics and info and start posting a bit more again.
A beautifully presented short film that you might’ve seen before, but I watched for the first in its entirety today. The tag for the film reads:
Interesting article from Adam Carr reflecting on the most recent housing data and what impact RBA action (or inaction, depending on your viewpoint) has had on housing activity. Comments got heated on the whole oversupply / undersupply discussion, but I thought these little gems worth sharing, “There is no shortage of residential land! Look at the state government body statistics on residential lot approvals!” – HQ. And from Bruce Meaney, “The housing industry needs more new homes, but it’s not interest rates holding back the starts, it’s the over valued price of blocks of land.”
Two other staff members appeared, armed with Kathryn’s version of kiddies loot bags. She had tailor made each one to fit. The cries and laughter as they were opened were classic. Dildos, vibrators, lubes, restraints, ticklers – it looked like she had bought out the entire sex shop.
Betty gives me that wonderful smile -
that these are some of the best quality articles found anywhere on the net.
Simply come along to the next Entrepreneur Connect Networking event at Adam Street Private Members Club and you will have the opportunity to give a 60 second elevator pitch infront of a film crew!
What’s most disappointing about the book, however, is the testimonials. Perhaps I’m spoiled in that I edited and work with some of the best writers in North America at my job and actively read the New York Times, but I’m embarrassed to read some of these pieces.
The next morning arrived, Melissa woke up in James’ bed alone, he never came home.
McCartney’s statement went on to say that he couldn’t ‘‘foresee a time when the Lennon and McCartney partnership would be active again in songwriting .’’
155 – Ricky Goodall (8-4) def. Derek Gauthier (7-4) via split judges’ decision (29-28, 29-28, 28-29).
What does being a wife mean to you?
This is why you should embrace changing rosters. Because if a person feels so strongly that they don’t want to be in your guild that they are able to type /gquit you are always better off without them.
Daily News
Then there's this:
Dalit ward in Ghagara gram panchayat under Nikirai police limits was denied Government pipe water facility by the sarpanch who took the decision at the behest of her father because many residents of the ward did not cast their votes to her during the recently concluded panchayat elections.
I was once told.
A Department of Buildings hearing for violations is scheduled for May 16. The Pratt Area Community Council (PACC), the Fulton Area Business Alliance (FAB), and the office of Council Member Letitia James are assisting the Joseph brothers.
The virgin will be with child and will give birth to a son, and they will call him Immanuel, which means “God with us.” When Joseph awoke, he did what the angel commanded and married Mary without any fuss.
The Northeast Regional Ocean Council will help the regional planning body, along with SeaPlan, a non profit experienced in marine spatial planning. This summer, SeaPlan is running a survey for recreational boaters to see how they use the water, and how they impact the economy. As stakeholders in this resource, recreational boaters are a key component to marine spatial planning. Now is the time to share where you boat, and what you purchase, so that your uses of waterways and economic impact will be considered in plans for future use of our oceans and coasts.
07 - Lonesome Day
Partners and supporters: City of Dearborn, Federal Railroad Administration, Michigan Department of Transportation, Southeast Michigan Council of Governments, The Henry Ford, Ford Land, University of Michigan-Dearborn, Senator Debbie Stabenow, Congressman Dingell and other elected leaders.
Don't clog your prose
Still taste good though. That was good felafel I made last night. I hid some in the fridge so I still have some for lunch. I made tabbouleh and a greek yoghurt mint dressing to go with them. Love it when there’s something good in the fridge for lunch.
The hop starts today (Wednesday October 5th at noon EST) and ends on Tuesday October 11th at noon EST.
Gerit made us delicious oatmeal muffins baked in glass jars and a sweet topfen with dandelion petals and streaks of sandthorn oil. We sat in her yard, surrounded by hundred-year-old trees, and enjoyed the sound of wind through branches and birds singing.
Nancy A. Collins – Vampire King And The Goth Chicks
I DID breach Truth and Non-Violence. I DID cause hurt….
I'm standing by the window where the light is strong
Well – thanks to professional photographer Paul Timpa – I think we may have a line on how to work around this vexing problem. Here is what Paul has to say:
Like I said above: an economic defeat is still defeat.
“I know you’re comfortable Jemima but I am going to need my belt.”
So to the would be daters and my friends I can’t change who I am nor do I want to and if I can accept you warts please give me the same courtesy.
I hate the loss of time as I literally "teach to the test." Isabelle has an amazing math brain with a highly respected curriculum. The girl has a 98% average for the year! But we are having to take 2 hours a day to help make certain she can do the math which will appear on her test. And all I can think as we do this is: why?
These are the earrings so far. I'm hoping to have more of each made by the show.
That's what I used to think. Then one day I woke up and had 2 epileptic seizures in the same day and was thus diagnosed with epilepsy. It happened out of the blue. I had no warning. Then another day my daughter was diagnosed with autism. I didn't even know what autism was. I don't claim allowance for myself but I do for Amy. Maybe you'll claim it for somebody one day. Maybe you'll claim it for yourself. Or maybe you won't be able to. Even though it'll be the first financial support you will assume you're entitled to. Ignorance won't help anyone who turns away from an issue that you too, may have to face.
Brigitta @gitagirl
also in Emma's store she still has a mega sale going on.... if you fancy a bargain.
Add drained and rinsed beans. Stir to combine, then cover and simmer for another 20 minutes.
The other children bravely took turns to pet the rabbit and offered her carrots from snack. Too cute!
Description – Second sermon in a three part series on the Holy Spirit
The parties purpose could be ‘to stop the Tories from wrecking the country with policies which haven’t been properly thought through’ but then the party would need to stop some of the more reckless policies e.g. NHS reform. So it could be ‘to make this country more liberal’ but then people don’t really get liberalism yet (not as a vote winner). Or ‘to change the voting system’, which is not popular enough so the fact that it is difficult to get, is the reason the polls are low.
A very warm and special thanks to friends, who this week, and for weeks past, have come alongside and believed in my ability as a captain, long before I had such faith in myself. And to Mrs. McIlmoyle, wherever you may be, for leaving a remark in my grade eleven yearbook that I have never forgotten, and that first encouraged me to continue questioning. Thankful to have started, I now seem unable to stop–and for that, I am deeply grateful.
Oh, I haven’t checked on my WordPress Blog stats today, especially important since I’m trying to market it through Pinterest… Log On to WordPress… WHAT THE?!?! somethings changed here!! What’s this pop up New Post thing? Was it always here? Argggggghhh… Not my day right?
on monday, i will be sharing a design plan for a young man that is mildly obsessed with baseball, coin collecting, and all things presidential! i really love taking peoples personalities and interests and creating a
Author(s): Chimamanda Ngozi Adichie
He also added one of four photos to some wallets. Forty wallets got a photo of a smiling baby, forty got a puppy, forty a happy family and forty a contented elderly couple. Forty more wallets got a card saying the owener had contributed to charity. And forty got no extra item. All the wallets were then randomly dropped in public places around Edinburgh .
What was she expecting? And why is she getting fertility treatment in the first place? She clearly needs psychiatric evaluation and the fertility doctor needs to be investigated so that this never happens again.
What are you saying, Heroman?
Fast forward two months into present day and the South Carolina House has given the go ahead to use gold and silver as real money.
We hear of people of all colours getting beaten up by Muslim gangs on the streets just because they are non Muslim and our government turn a blind eye to this!!! We will open their eyes, we will make them listen, we won't accept anything less than concrete action that yields very visible results. They have got us into this mess so it is down to them to clean it up.
Sadly, I think this stupid cheapo flavor injector made the recipe fail for me. I drained the tofu really well in my tofu press, and carefully inserted the plastic needle into the side of each tofu round. I tried to gently move the tofu around to create a pocket in there, then I delicately pressed the cheesy sauce into the tofu.
2 egg whites
Hello Vintage Friends....!
Which are your favourites?
I let the plates, glassware, and wooden candlesticks cure for a few days after the paint was dry. Then, I used E3000 glue to stick the pieces together. I glued each candlestick to a plate and let that dry overnight and then glued it all together and let it dry overnight a second time.
Left: 13th century English motif in shades of purple
But the swoon-worth scene came at the end. Jake let’s Addison know that he could fall in love with her, buy a house together, and have a baby together. But when he’s in, he’s all in, and she’s not ready if she’s still pining over Sam. Addison, in clear adoration and wanting, says could get ready. Jake simply replies “That would be nice.” And all of us viewers feel our knees buckle a little while we catch our breath. Wouldn’t that be nice, indeed. And it seems like #JAddison (#Addisake) is a go!
Let’s face it: How many men do you know who would be excited talking about lusting after another woman in the presence of their wives or other women? Or how many men would want to share how they struggle with pornography with other women in the room?
Topped with Custard, Toasted Nuts
That being said, our contribution to the problem is the releasing of carbon dioxide into the atmosphere. Alright, that part was easy, right? But where did all that carbon come from? It had to come from somewhere.
Mills
I am up here next to the SF Airport but haven't seen any over-aged crybabies yet.
Don't need to evacuate, will keep you posted..
Compare this to the time we spend with “traditional” (that is to say, “old”) media. Americans spend – on average – 4 hours a day watching television (that’s real TV, not streaming stuff) and about 2 hours a day listening to over-the-air radio. clearly, they have not gotten the message that these media are no longer cool.
And never stop recruiting. Keeping your eye on promising people in the employee pool ensures that you’ll be ready to hire quickly no matter which person you have to replace.
The second problem is that it basis God’s limitation on people who are in the way of His benevolence. “God is asset rich – He owns it all. But He is cash poor – all His funds are in our hands.” This sort of reasoning is not consistent with good theology. In fact, it’s heretical to His nature. God is not limited in doing good. The premise suggest that God wants you to have that SUV. It’s only because people are selfish that you can’t have it.
When the angels had left them and gone into heaven, the shepherds said to one another, “Let’s go to Bethlehem and see this thing that has happened, which the Lord has told us about.”
Now for some ‘news’, or rather “Daily (pseudo)Science Updates”.
I have one more project on its way!!
How do you heal that wounded pride…? Win an Olympic bid for your country. I mean that will shut me up.
What may be driving the pundits’ and the Pakatan’s belief that GE-13 will be held in June is the extraordinary scale of the Umno’s 66th anniversary celebrations. On May 11, he has called on 1 million Umno members to show themselves at a grand function to be held in the Bukit Jalil stadium. Such costly mobilization and the willingness to spend on the event is certainly not a clue to be ignored.
8. Each chapter opens with a verse from an old ballad. Can you tell us how and why this motif came about?
Two (or four, according to some reports) more were injured during what is termed a "joint patrol" with local forces in southern Helmand, part of the mentoring process which is supposed to be improving the capabilities of the Afghan National Army (ANA) so that it can take over duties from ISAF.
Corporations are the government are the corporations are the government…
Roy: My mother's got nothing to do with this. I make my own decisions.
Though officials say there are no known threats centered on New York City – the metropolis that suffered a majority of the casualties of the 9/11 attacks when the World Trade Center buildings fell in 2001 – 240 federal, state, city and transportation police have been deployed to major transportation hubs like Grand Central Terminal and Times Square with heavy weapons, radiation detectors, bomb sniffing dogs and other equipment, authorities said.
In Italian, vivo means “live”. And we all know that Italians love to live life to the fullest – especially when it comes to food and drink.
In my view, having this knowledge is in itself power.
I am sick of tiny disintegrated shreds of saturated paper sticking to my hands.
Rosie's birthday party was on Sunday, February 5th at 1:00 pm. It was a typical February Sunday... chilly and kind of dreary. It also *just happened* to be Super Bowl Sunday... oops!!! However, the party was over by 4:00, so it shouldn't have cut into anyone's Super Bowl activities.
Watch this video to learn more.
nail polish remover
The legendary 2xCD of the legendary shoegaze masterpiece Loveless came out today and has also been available elsewhere for a few days.
Every person I know, who refuses to let go of the law as even a small means of relating to God, is a person who, in many obvious ways, are at the "same miserable cross patch, set on their own way."
Port Brewing Company / Pizza Port Panzer Imperial Pilsner
R 2: Dc in first dc and remaining dcs, working in back loops only. DC in top of turning ch – 15 dc, counting ch 3 as first dc. Ch 3, turn.
There is a LOT to this set, 218 pieces to be exact. It was all a bit too much for me, so I set the hubs and Princess to work (this set is recommended for ages 5+. I, however, used parental discretion as Princess is 4 1/2). The set has very, very small pieces.(Please keep away from small animals and very young children).
is to be happy
Then, you should include a sampling of images that would appear in the book. I know this sounds obvious, but you would be amazed by how many proposals we receive that have no images. How are we supposed to judge the merits of a visual project without seeing the visuals?! The number of images really depends on the content, but you should include at least 10-15. The best way, in my opinion, to send images is in a lo-res, emailable PDF. Don’t bother to “design” your images or lay them out as you imagine they would appear in the book. This can actually hurt your proposal if your aesthetic doesn’t match the house you’re pitching and it may be harder to see the potential in images if they’re over-designed. Simple, full-bleed images in a PDF are ideal for easy viewing and distribution. If you’re sending a hard copy, same rules apply. One large image per page is fine. There’s one exception: graphic design proposals. Since design is an integral element to your book, we do want to see designed sample spreads.
Coming home was difficult. Although I was ready to be back to see family and friends, I felt like I was leaving something behind. The last day we were there, we went to go see the Haley’s House kids one more time. While we were there the kids clung to us and cried, begging us not to go back. It was a hard goodbye. When we got back to our house, I immediately went to my room and cried. I sat on the floor, suddenly angry wondering why God would allow those kids, and myself, to hurt so much and asking why he brought me there. It was then that song lyrics came to my head and all I could hear over and over was “break my heart for what breaks yours”. These were the lyrics to a praise song we had sung at training. During this song, I had asked God to make that my prayer. I asked Him to break my heart for something that breaks His, and he did….the orphans.
Cosatu praised Mhlongo for refusing traditional Zulu music with modern styles and promoting South African music to a worldwide audience.
Strawberries
We got some pretty amazing news yesterday though. Our family business had been nominated for Best Small Business for the town that we live in. I kept joking that since the business is just Bill and I; unless they were awarding for THE smallest business there was no way we would win.
Now I personally liked the song, it's not my favorite Erykah Badu song, but it works. I think the song is nice, and I'm a fan of Erykah. I really am. I'm not offended by the video, but others are. People are upset that children were present in the video. It didn't appear that the one child in the video saw her completely naked. She saw her in a bra and pants. I can understand wanting to protect your children and controlling what they see, but I don't think the human body is something in and of itself a bad thing. I don't see her exploiting and sexualizing herself. She wasn't gyrating and I think it was a her showing she wanted to do her own thing and not fit in. Also to shock and get some buzz on her new album and single. It seems to have worked in that aspect.
Could it be that Jesus did go to this woman’s home or region? Could it be that her faith prompted his trip and the resulting three day teaching? This miracle doesn’t appear to be the teaching opportunity for the disciples that the feeding of the five thousand was. Here Jesus is prompted to feed these people out of sheer compassion, concern that if he sent them home they faint along the way. In the first miracle the remnants that the disciples collected were described as small pieces, or crumbs, while here the leftovers are much larger pieces and they filled large baskets not the beggers baskets Mark describes in the sixth chapter.
You might “save” $45 if you only buy the flight and have free transportation to and from both airports. Any other expenses cut into that “profit.”
Wash and soak the dal for 30 mins.
Shipito has a warehouse in Tualatin, Oregon. Any purchase shipped to Oregon is not charged sales tax. So you can make your USA purchases and don’t pay any sales tax. After Shipito gets the package/parcel, they can ship to you anywhere in the world.
The Boom Town Rats – I Don’t Like Mondays
So where is the ‘happy’ in ‘Happy New Year’? How much would you give today in order to assure yourself that 2012 will indeed be a ‘happy’ new year? No doubt you’d say, “Well, I’d give all I had for that assurance! But no one can promise that.”
08-08 Oslo, Norway – Øya Festival
Fortunately, I'd stocked up on Valentiney (yes, that's a word) scrapbook paper during a 6 for $1 sale at JoAnn Fabric, so I had all the supplies we needed on hand.
Do you like to entertain? Do you like Asian style meals? Here is a recipe that can save you time and money if you need to feed a lot of people in a hurry. You can also freeze this and heat it up later. I make this (mildly spicy) chicken for my family of seven and it always goes pretty far! And it’s delicious too!
I have been wanting a pretty "bowl" of sorts or container to put my jewelry in at night.
Per la scritta ho usato un timbro della Florileges ritagliando poi le singole lettere.
When the time was right and we were all old enough, Alice then had a career of her own. She took pride in her work at the CIA for over 20 years, juggling work and home, effortlessly.
Don’t keep crying for more drinks
where the potter sits
Who is “My servant”?
A rose coloured variety of Java apple should be eaten when deep rose. It has a crispy texture with a flavour of myrtle, a good thirst quencher when hot. Many cultivars are seedless. This is Ketsanee’s favourite.
This meant that those who gained an internal aviation qualification "completely missed out on the basics".
WeFeedback: You choose your favorite food, put it into the Feedback Calculator along with the estimated cost, and then calculate how many hungry children this would feed. The next step is to donate exactly that amount.
Dega: Hell yeah. Mr. T?
Have a great Sunday, enjoy your family and get crafty or hey....just hang out & relax...do it for me ok...so I can visualize it this time :)
Acting is one thing, but actually trying to change the world and the way people think to make people’s lives better? That’s the stuff I’m most proud of.
About Afriforum Jeug.
Marcus could hardly keep from laughing and gave me just the biggest hug and kiss. If I hadn’t turned my cheek it would have been right on the mouth too!!!
Last year, we had a wonderful second season of serving out of our beer bus at Krugers Farm on Sauvie Island. This year, we have that same bus (hopefully) permanently parked at the D-Street Noshery (SE 32 and Division), and in a few months will have a 1946 ex-Franz bread truck pouring pints at NE 23 and Alberta, as well as having our third season at Krugers Farm.
Getting ready for school this morning Mr. Sensitive spied leftover Easter chocolate and asked if he could have it after he ate his eggs. I need to say that (1) – we never have chocolate because Little Miss Adorable has Prader-Willi Syndrome, (2) – Mr. Sensitive misses out on these kinds of treats, and (3) – we never do things like this. I said yes.
The conventionally understood poverty has become obsolete because it follows the business cycle in economy due to man-made and natural causes. As such Human Security is Complete Life as the aspirations and happiness of the people opposed to conventionally understood poverty is considered. It has become of paramount importance undeniably to reach certain consensus on Human Security Is Complete Life replacing conventionally understood poverty. Terrorism in any form at any corner of the globe is one of the hardest obstacles to achieve Human Security Is Complete Life and is needed to uproot the causes of its breeding at any corner of the globe. This is of utmost necessity to open increased space with diverse dimensions for the people to invest them in accordance with their conveniences depending on time; and to this effect, different higher hierarchies of the nation-state with the nation-state as the baseline is considered. The first or the lowest higher hierarchy of the nation-state is the creation of the sub-regional nation-state as stated earlier. The World Embracing Alternate Paradigm in Development of Tarit Datta Gupta – Mary Kaldor hypothesis: Integrated Relations Among Global Governance, Global Civil Society and Human Security Is Complete Life with supreme importance unequivocally stresses on the development of uninterrupted open highest form of capitalism with the supreme flavor and spirit of egalitarian alongside with the development of highest form of democracy with the supreme integration of its three fundamentals: ‘for, of and by’ the people through placing three fundamentals of conventionally understood democracy: ‘for, of and by’ the people in demand-supply equation among the people, market and nation-state that facilitates all these three integral entities in development to stay in commune and demonstrate synonym behavior in development. The homogenous political civilization, political culture, and political ways of lives within the realm of political relations since the beginning through its growth stage is anticipated to shake, and bring changes in imperfections and at its matured stage will completely annul imperfections in economical relations in open free market society. But it is also of utmost importance to converge the changes in the markets: homogenous civilization, culture and ways of lives with those changes: high cohesion and high integration in the internal environment of the sub-regional nation-state and civil administration. The uninterrupted open highest form of capitalism with the supreme flavor and spirit of egalitarian and highest form of democracy with the supreme integration of its three fundamentals: ‘for, of and by’ the people are also given supreme consideration as the panacea of the peoples’ emancipation in the socio-structural, political and economical relations protecting Human Security Is Complete Life as the aspirations and happiness of the people opposed to conventionally understood poverty. This entire surface the revival of Global Civil Society institutionalized up to grassroots via civil society (nation-states) to fill-in the vacuum discussed earlier but needs to be facilitated by the nation-states. As the most pragmatic politician all over the world, at the post Presidential Election 2012, President Obama is fervently requested to take into account the ground reality and assume the brilliant challenge to facilitate the institutionalization of Global Civil Society via civil society (nation-states) around the globe not only to establish Human Security Is Complete Life which is the niche of the World Embracing Alternate Paradigm In Development of Tarit Datta Gupta – Mary Kaldor but also bring the two categories of the people: powerhouse and powerless into, and at the same time all the available resources at any corner of the globe into single stream through convincing the world community and following the given road map at different parts that begins from my First Blog of the World Embracing Alternate Paradigm In Development of Tarit Datta Gupta – Mary Kaldor leading to an image of New World Order (NWO) retaining democratic pluralism converse to that of the present day world with the supreme integration of its three fundamentals: ‘for, of and by’ the people.
the Institute of Black Research, University of Natal South Africa ;
I have said that sankalpa is needed to accomplish anything.
To the credit of both actors, Wood and Connery complement each other well in both small scenes and large, where both are covered head to toe in mud and gunk and still able to put through performances. THAT in itself says something. It makes me cringe when I see two great actors in a scene together and neither one of them seem to take notice that they are even in the same room, let alone the same scene. When Wood and Connery look at each other, speak with each other, save each other from certain doom, you know that they realize they have an opportunity to be onscreen together and are going to make the most of each minute. In other words, this is no Ishtar or Wild Wild West. And I am grateful for that.
Mildred looked at her, highly incensed. “And just how am I supposed to know what I want until I get there? That’s why it’s called shopping, Frances!” And with that she marched out the door.Laurie Halse Anderson signed Fever 1793 for me when she was in Chattanooga a couple of years ago. I have reviewed her YA novel Speak, which has been challenged, on this blog and on my Banned Books blog.
The figure to whom they addressed their monologues crouched in the middle of the room, hands clamped tightly over its tiny, pointy ears, its head tucked into its chest where its teeth frayed the green felt fabric holding up the ruby buttons. The middle ruby button was loosened well and proper and was waiting for the last nibble to set it free.
But then Suzanne Collins came out and said: Chill. You guys may have had an image of Katniss as mixed race in your heads and that's fine, but that's not what I actually wrote, and the filmmakers are working from the books, not your imaginations. And I think Jennifer Lawrence is right for this. So stop hatin'.
The whippet and Jack Russell laughed with each other as a rather pleased looking Kelly the collie bounded towards them.
Room 1
Stansted Airport isn't the airport for lovers of fine architecture. A sort of homeless vagrant had paced up and down the train for a bit, being hassled by security for his own failure to distinguish one train station called Stansted from another. Up the alleyway, up the escalator, bag sprawled smugly across my bronzed (ha) shoulders, I knew my airport, I had been here before, I was ready, a traveller on the move. I casually adjusted my watch, and sat at an Internet cubicle to kill some time. A Facebook popped up on the screen from the girl I used to like, but I ignored it. Not out of spite, but because the flinty flickering screen would eat my words and make me sound like, well, someone who couldn't tell 1ne part of Stansted from the other. A hassled looking couple were bickering next to me endlessly. She was blonde, in a camel coat that made her look like a detective or something, and he was French I think. They couldn't cope with the complicated interface of keyboard and booking system and were in danger of missing their flight, not to mention the complicated interface of pound coin to slot. Oh to be young and innocent as a traveller again, to feel as through such things were marriage breaking hassles. I decided to intervene to stop the small child next to me hearing such filthy language. I pressed a pound coin of my own money into their internet kiosk slot, flicked the buttons to help them print off their boarding card, and solved their problems under a disgustingly broken Stansted Airport light and next to a kid pumping out some JLS on his IPOD just to get away from the swearing and the angst...yes, I was feeling good, I didn't care what I had said in a drunken state, about anything angst related, in fact, I was a healer, a repairer of marriages, an experienced international traveller with wisdom to pass on. At least, I strolled around the corner, looked in my bag, realised i must have left my own printed out boarding pass on 1ne of the freaky spiral desks at the Andaz, and had to make my own trek all the way back round to where the couple were just finishing up their boarding. They kindly offered me my pound back, and it was lucky the little boy had his IPOD in, lest he hear several words that in days of yore would have got me thrown in the Tower of London...
Home made preserves, cordials and bikkies with wee little hats made from perfectly manicured Christmas linens with natty pinking sheared edges....oh, Donna Hay you are just a whisker too much to live up to!
you can hear it in my voice behind the camera.
Hardly anybody dances or sings,
After being scared of everything when she first showed up (and really, who can blame her? She was stuffed in a box and left at a place she didn't know by a busy road!) she has really warmed up to everyone. Francine and I like to snuggle at night with Mom before she goes to sleep
“Well, it’s a good thing you got that goat’s milk then,” I smiled.
My blog (and blogs in the past, I've had a couple) have always suffered from an identity crisis! I can never really categorize myself. I also wonder how much information about my life do I include? Ultimately I want to write more on my blog, because it's what I've studied in school and where I want my career to go. I want to find a way to connect my two lives: my writer life and my crafter life. It's funny because I feel like a lot of bloggers are writers. Makes sense. But how much writing is actually on most blogs you see today? Not much.
*WARRANTY for a limited time, we are offering free extended warranty 10yrs. on body and frame and 5yrs. on electrical parts.
Zombies don’t play that game. Zombies don’t play any games, which is why they might just be the world’s best boyfriend.
Last year, Bill C-279 was introduced to ensure that transgender people are protected from discrimination as well. But until it passes, trans Canadians are still subject to prejudice in employment, housing, and public accommodations. They’re also not considered an identifiable group in the provisions against advocating genocide and public incitement of hatred, which already include race, religion and sexual orientation. Further, the sentencing principles for bias-motivated crimes fail to mention gender identity or gender expression. Trans people are not currently covered by any of these laws, and this won’t change unless Bill C-279 is passed.
If you weren’t fortunate enough to make it to the first round of GTA, your in good hands with numerous professional photographers and videographers covering the entire event from start to finish. These guys came well-equipped for getting the best shots of the weekend.
oh gosh! i am getting good at this! are we really stopping on the 14th?!
J: San Francisco or LA.
* Lift unnecessary regulation and taxes on savings and investment that is for retirement (means you can not touch it until then)– encourage
Since I joined Pinterest, I have been pinning and liking lots of reading spaces for kids and adults. Here are a few of my favorites:
The British Columbia Lions have re-signed their 2011 MOP quarterback Travis Lulay. The deal is a two-year contract that has an option year if Lulay decides to pursue the NFL.
embossed with white. I cut the hearts by hand
There is an old saying that “pride goeth before a fall”, and in the world of track and field it seems that the pride of simply competing for bragging rights went bye bye and in it’s wake the sport continues to fall! Because for today’s sprinters it seems to be less about pride and bragging rights, than it is about money and rankings. In the process a few have gotten wealthy, most are struggling to survive, and the fans are almost always left out in the cold. As we will be on Thursday when we watch Bolt run a makeshift 100 while Dix attempts to improve his PR in the 200. And WE will be left to wonder what would have happened had they actually raced.
I spent approximately six months tracking down the original person who had published the connection. Turns out it was someone that I actually knew and had even been to her house. I had met her a few years prior through another researcher who I had been in touch with looking for more information on the Rhea’s in the area I was researching in an effort to identify Linsey’s parents. During one of our conversations she and I talked about Linsey being the son of her ancestor John Rhea. The only connection was an index that mentioned a Lansea Rhea. I pointed out that an index didn’t mean anything. Someone would need to actually look at the original record first before you could be sure that you were the same person. She decided to add Linsey’s name to her John Rhea in order to keep track of him as she spent time researching. I did get the original record that was indexed for Lansea. The index may have been more useful if they had indexed her full name Lansea Jane.
I spend the greatest proportion of my weekly shopping budget on things suitable for breaky and end up with a veritable smorgasboard every morning. I go out for breakfast, and I love to make extravagant breakfasts for Mr J or friends.
A little post we found on a supplier’s blog reminded us just how ubiquitous USB sticks have become – the equivalent of the old fashioned ‘sneaker-net’ in the days before networks when we used to copy things onto floppy disk and walk it across the office.
So share with me YOUR tips.
Fact One: It is the responsibility of our government to educate American children.
Gordon Murdie, Independent, standing for the first time. (GM) (Gordon MacKenzie, when referred to, will be GMc.) Spoke about how he’d been driven to standing because of his strong feelings about the statutory notice scandal and, of course, the trams.
Emerson: Yes, we are right beside you. You know, just in case you don’t think you can finish the whole thing.
So I stink and I’ve been neglectful and haven’t really been where I want to be. I think a great deal of this has to do with losing my job. It was a crushing blow to my self-esteem at a time where I was all too fragile to deal with it in a constructive way. However the past week or so I have been back to getting myself where I need to be and to set myself up for positive things and to stop being quite so hard on myself. I think a lot of that has to do with the past weekend that I had and just seeing the people that know and love me and knowing that they want to see my succeed and nothing more. These are also the people that have NO intention of leaving me due to a misstep here and there.
It is simple physics really. For every action there is an equal and opposite reaction. Oh Newton, how right you were!
I’ll keep writing crime and mystery so long as someone publishes me but, other than that, I don’t think past the next deadline.
My best friend of fifteen years, Julie, is moving to Florida next week. For those of you who don't know her personally, I am one of many who claim her as their best friend. This leads to bridal parties consisting of eight bridesmaids, with a few groomsmen standing up on her behalf as well, and countless others needing special honors on her wedding day. Julie is a connector. At her goodbye party last week, I lamented the fact that without her around, I won't have an excuse to see the many others in her life that I have grown attached to over the years.
Manga Chapters:
Have A Great St. Patrick’s Day,
Cover Thoughts: I love these covers - they're always amazing.
Many have been damaged through the years. Many are not given any respect by building owners. However, some government departments look after them, but they are using public money. The designs have varied through the years, and are now becoming more functional and less decorative.
With every little bit of our lives that we give up to Washington control, the liberty that this country was known for, that many have died to secure and preserve, is being eroded away...rapidly.
It's journalism 101: don't copy sh*t from other people without giving them credit. Early on in my writing career, I'm not ashamed to say I made that mistake. Once. But here we're talking a fully blown commercial website, taking payment for ad space and to promote what's going on in the city. Not cool.
I'm going to try and make this Kraft recipe
Most mornings, I can usually be found at the gym or on the tennis courts. Now that Lauren is finally back in Preschool, I also have time to take Fergus out for a much deserved walk before I head back for Carpool. I love this time I get to spend with him. He is such a sweet boy. He’s a people pleasing, rule follower, just like his Mama. We went down to the nature trail in our neighborhood and I let him off the leash on the path, he walked right beside me. I had to encourage him to run and have fun. At one point, I set his leash down on the pavement so I could take some pictures. He seemed very concerned and was worried we were going to leave it there. He kept looking back at it, uneasy and unsure of what to do.
I've lost almost 23 pounds, just about 2-4 to go. I'm down 3 sizes, from a 12 to a tight 6. The 8's are too big, but the 6's are creating a lovely muffin top that no one wants to see.
Guilt is a common feeling in the landscape of caregiving. Guilt can propel you to be the best you can be…or it can immobilize you.
This year, I would also set up the Cure JM tent in the finishing area of the Seattle Rock ‘n’ Roll marathon. Hang banners, blow up balloons, lay out snacks and ready literature to hand to passersby. After, of course, I schlepped said stuff to said tent.
He tells her he is the only one she needs
I love food. I love the experience of baking, eating out, or having a meal with friends and family. I enjoy and look forward to the next meal. I love to taste, smell, and admire the beauty that food offers our senses.
Trust is an elusive substance. It’s hard to define, but you unquestionably know if it is there or not.
Which you receive
Once I had gotten the biggest Slurpee I could buy, I finally let Sita spill the beans to Filmgoer. He pretty much did a double take and then said, "We'll I'm not baby-sitting". So at ten weeks along, soon we'll have little Cincinnati in our lives. Why am I calling this kid Cincinnati? This goes back to Hot Tub Time Machine. If you never seen the movie or just don't remeber the scene, here's the clip. Also it was Filmgoer who made the connection between the two:
Decorations and Party Details: I used traditional red and green Christmas colors with touches of polka dots and stripes. I used the Dimpleprints Santa party package which was full of charming images, perfect for our North Pole breakfast.
Bring on the relaxation! :)
one looks like a small mountain
So, we went to the police station yesterday and my son was interviewed and photographed. We then went to the highschool and spoke with the principal and vice prinvipal. During the course of the conversation reference was made to my daughter's cell phone. Apparently she'd had it taken away at school the day prior and it had been placed in the safe for a parent to pick up. Interestingly neither my husband or I picked up the phone yet my daughter had it when she came home from school. Interesting.....
I'll start with stating what I absolutely loved about this book and what I loved the most, is the unique world building and the way Bosworth designed the setting of her story. She describes a post apocalyptic Los Angeles, were people struggle to adjust to a world that is ruined , a world were kids go to school to get rations of food and not educate themselves, were people live in tents and wait for the coming of the end of the world. In that world of destruction and doom comes a self-claimed Prophet who is surrounded of his 12 Apostles and calls to everyone to follow him or die in sin. I just have to say that, many, may feel offended by the way Bosworth decided to portray that Prophet, may feel offended by the religious or not so religious, depends how you see the whole thing, content of the story but to be honest, apart from the fact that we are talking about fiction here, I found the whole thing "gutsy" and probably the thing I liked most about the book. Without really offending anyone, Bosworth approached a really difficult subject and I'm afraid that many will talk bad about this book, only because of that. But for that part alone, Struck, is a book I will remember for long after I finished reading it.
So please, stop judging self-published books on how well-edited they are, and start judging them on how good they are. The two are not always the same. And in rare instances they can be opposites.
Somehow, I manage to grab my mouse and click on the email…
Take a look at this article “exposing” those who are supporting Eddy Butler. The article and the whole blog balances precariously between paranoia, patheticness and black comedy (your name too vil go on ze list). Their “crimes” are all twofold. One: they have decided to use their democratic right in a (supposedly) democratic party to support a challenge to the incumbent leadership in a way which conforms to the legal constitution of that party. Which clearly has become a hanging offence. Two: they have other ‘issues’ or ‘undesirable traits’ which marks them down as “freaks”. Such as for example being gay. They’ll be bringing out the coloured badges soon to stitch on your jacket.
Beat butter, sugar and salt together in a standing mixture with the paddle attachment. Blend in the egg yolks, one at a time, and then the vanilla. With the mixer on low speed, add the flour gradually, mixing just until combined. Divide dough into thirds. If you want to bake right away, just press and flatten chunks of the soft dough into a 9 inch quiche pan or regular pie pan until the bottom and sides are evenly covered. Pat cookie dough to be used later into a 1.5 inch thick round and refrigerate. (To bake, roll out or slice and bake at 375 for 5-10 mins depending on size. Also makes great thumbprint cookies.)
They have made a huge impact on local communities helping to address social issues such as health, anti-social behaviour, poor educational attainment and unemployment. They have also led the way in getting non-league football clubs to focus on maximizing income and identifying alternative sources of revenue. Ensuring ‘financial sustainability’ is the foundation upon everything they build from.
I know I am extremely lucky in both regards and wouldn't change any of it for any amount of money.
5. take out the pie crust that you put in the freezer and pour in the apple filling. try to level it out a little if apple slices are sticking out at weird angles.
This is just something I don't want
(Say a little prayer for me)
Yes, I missed my Tai Chi class both days this week. No, I did not make it to Yoga. (deep Breath). Nor dance on Tuesday night. I did however lose a few pounds, ate mindfully and plan to enjoy a walk today. I have been doing epic battles with my beloved child in re-learning math. Each night, exhausted, I miss reading and movies and just find some rest. I think I did knit about 4 rows this week :)
According to Anastasia (we’re pronouncing this the Russian way, by the way, say “ona-STAH-see-ya”) we can plant our gardens in such a way that plants will contain the exact formula of elements to heal our specific body. The seeds and little plants can actually take information from our bodies, communicate with the universe, and develop healing powers within themselves capable of healing any ailment we may be suffering.
I think of Heaven…
They seemed to have done this by establishing drink as a natural and healthy part of life. Something to be enjoyed with friends, strangers and food. Drink is the social lubricant of life and not a tool to get pissed up and escape life. Not something demonised and unacceptable. Waiter service as the norm rather than exception adds an air of civility. It creates a weird mix where strangers talk to you. Rather than the natural fear (which we pretend is a national trait of simply being reserved) of talking to strangers that comes from knowing they probably want to get pissed and fight, when you take that fear away people talk and strangers become friends and the next thing you know some American students, a German lawyer and an Italian divorcee are all adding you to their facebook friends list and you are agreeing to meet them tomorrow to watch the football game. Is this natural human behaviour I ask you? Where is the natural fear and apprehension of talking to strangers? German friends assured me this was normal, nothing unusual about it. At a late night kebab shop in the early hour’s people sat and ate and drank a last beer before calling it a night. They smiled and laughed with each other and there was no sign of blood, piss or vomit. What is this madhouse, I silently screamed inside?
event!
Meghan and Felicity exchange wild-eyed-glares.
FEWW believes New York City could be struck by a megaquake (MQ) in the not so distant future.
ISBN: 978-0310290810
While researching the word I came across the Christian take on this, alluding to what happens when one executes the Holy Spirit in their lives:
I chose to do a half marathon on New Years Eve and a full marathon on New Years Day. The course was a quarter-marathon out and back loop. This meant that you got to see and pass frunners All. Day. Long. It was amazing. I, of course, did my best to convince the Racing It Off team that Libby always puts on a good event and that it was the place to be. Despite it causing most of them to miss an evening of New Years celebration, most of the team was on board. It was a party!
Just Have Fun and Enjoy Your Life!!
Every father a Neil Diamond.
What a runny mess these turned in to. Over the next couple of days, the candy slowly slid off. I'm not even sure if the Mrs ate one, but she did thank me (which is a rarity).
**Update** We definitely couldn't sleep here last night so at midnight we packed up both cats (Mom had already came to get Ellie) and headed to Mom's to sleep in the fresh air. It is also drying pretty slowly, so he's only able to re-coat every 8 hours. Layer 3 is getting applied now. Hopefully layer 4 happens later today. Then, it is just a waiting game for it to dry and cure. Here's to some extra patience :)
I hot glue the larger one on, making sure
One thing all of these people have in common is that they will never have to ask that question - only statement you made in your message.
blue berry bushes (5)
For this is a country you might have read about.
#3 singles: Kevin Cole defeated Ben Lacerna (6-0) (6-0)
Life has been full and busy and moving along here... Feels like I don't know how to make time to work on my own personal photos if they're not a "formal" shoot I've done, and so often, my daily thoughts and daily snapshots don't end up seeing the light of day... and I hate that.
Next I write out each day of the week for the menu (usually it's Saturday-Thursday with dinner out or pizza on Friday nights) and next to each day I write when produce will go bad/be at its peak. For this week, that meant eating the asparagus as soon as possible (Sunday night) and the green beans soon after that (Monday). I hate throwing away spoiled food, especially from the Farmer's Market, and this helps me make sure we use everything before it starts to turn.
In 1944, Powell was cast in the first of a series of films noir, as private detective Philip Marlowe in Murder, My Sweet, directed by Edward Dmytryk. The film was a big hit and Powell had successfully reinvented himself as a dramatic actor. He was the first actor to play Marlowe—by name—in motion pictures. (Hollywood had previously adapted some Marlowe novels, but with the lead character changed.) Later, Powell was the first actor to play Marlowe on radio, in 1944 and 1945, and on television, in a 1954 episode of “Climax!”
A toss up between watching Kevin leave or finding out I might have to move home to live with my parents. Both were very awful. And both made me cry. A lot.
Crown Princess Masako stays mostly out of sight as she's still being treated for the psychological ailments that come from a tough adjustment to royal life and pressure surrounding her inability to produce a male heir for the family, but it's always nice to get a smiling glimpse of her, here with her husband Crown Prince Naruhito and her daughter Aiko. Masako's wearing a diamond and pearl-tipped sunburst tiara which formerly belonged to the Empress.
Sitting at the pit stop to catch my breath while still sweating profusely, I began to dig into the goodie bag. I wasn’t hungry, so I’d left the snack pack for later. I was more interested in the finisher T-shirt; to see if there’s a slightest chance that I might be able to own that special edition. And I began to tear the plastic bag.
Sometimes Don would drive me to school and once he gave me a note which I didn't quite understand because of the language. My father read it and panicked. It was a love letter to me. Quickly plans changed, Dad and I were headed back to Quebec.
Racing NSW marquee for this event!
Paula Green / the house simply sparkling of itself … / 24-29
Fifa General Secretary Jerome Valcke said the right to sell beer must be enshrined in a World Cup law the Brazilian Congress is considering.
But what I can’t replicate at home is a social environment where Pip or Polly has to negotiate things with six other kids. How important is that in the long run? Will it put them at a significant disadvantage once they go to kindergarten or are these social development moments ones that they can catch up with pretty quickly? I don’t know. These are questions I’m still working out.
Love turquoise color and its versatility. It can be combined with so many colors to different effect! If you are just falling in love with it, use in small doses or as accent pieces. Designing a room around Turquoise blue is an excellent idea, just choose the shade that reflects your personality and liking best! Hope you are inspired by it :c)
Also last week the President took action to put some federal controls on “fracking”
Haw first pitched his tent on a patch of grass over the road from Big Ben and Westminster Abbey in 2001 and became a familiar sight to millions of Londoners and tourists.
For most American business people the best rate of growth is fast, faster, fastest. Yet, virtually all natural systems, from ecosystems to animals to organizations, have intrinsically optimal rates of growth.
**That’s two.
Ohio;
Fat and sweet. Just the way I like 'em!
2 x 4 ft connector leads with 12 way female one end and 4 way females at the other end
The Eucharist, or communion is the source and the summit of our Catholic faith, but many people believe that Jesus’ words at the last supper and John 6 should be taken symbolically, not literally.
After the tour, we went looking for a Creole cemetery that Amethyst mentioned. In the end, St. James Cemetery wasn’t that exciting, but along the way we stopped at picturesque Oak Alley, another plantation, and walked up the levees there to get a glance at the muddy Mississippi.
And I failed this month with the 30 posts in 30 days. I didn't get to post last night as I was having some serious contractions. :( They're better, but still with me. I can't have the baby until after Rob gets back from China tomorrow though, so..... lol (Not like it would happen anyway. I've never dropped a baby early, including those two up there. *snicker* If we want to talk about having babies late though....) I'm still going to try to post everyday anyway as I like it.
More than at any time in our generation’s history, these new foundations will be nothing like your previous ideas for life – perhaps even nothing like what you were planning to do as recently as 3 months ago. Trust this if this is your reality, as you are truly not alone. You are part of the world shift right now, and many others are riding the same ‘sudden change’ crest of the wave that you are on.
I remember the devastation and now here America was, on the 5th anniversary dedicating the outdoor symbolic memorial. After a few short sermons and prayer, families of the deceased walked to various sculptured “empty chairs” and placed flowers on the ground next to them. It was then that I heard my compositions from my “The Christmas Box” album being played at the memorial. I was in shock and grateful for the gift of music.
To be honest, I used to think that way but, you see, having put together something like a hundred gigs in the past two years, I’ve changed my mind: people are still sheeps and they’d blindly follow, for the most part, what is “mainstream”, even in this so-called “digital age”. People are lazy and don’t want to “discover” things, even in the underground extreme Metal, for the most part, at least.
The Palestinian Authority has recently encountered a severe financial crisis, which intensifies the Palestinian need for these places of work provided at the settlements.
Suede Stay together UK
And the other thing about the way the pubs developed over the years is it's been very clear that we're an ale house. But we haven't left a lonely Carling tap sitting on the back bar - we've brought the lager drinkers with us - always happy to give them a free sample, and gradually upgrading the lagers. Undoubtedly we lost a hand full of drinkers when we changed from Fosters K1664 Carling to Peroni Amstel and Carling but what I was surprised with was how many gave the Amstel or Peroni a go first. Many of whom carried on drinking with us, talking about the different lagers and what they liked and didn't like about the new ones.
city of about 250,000) were recently awarded “healthiest school system
A little softer: Oseh shalom bimromav, Hu ya’aseh shalom aleinu.
Well, that is more than enough for one blog, and I want apologize for ransacking your daily allowance of blog reading time if you made it this far with me. I tried to get a word count limitation on my post from Eric, but he told me to just let it rip. I guess this was my definition of letting it rip…
Song: Someone Like You
Teddy has a new nickname ... Teddy Two-Wheels!
Prefolds and flats aren't hard to use, but they aren't as easy to use as pocket or AIO diapers so they can be intimidating to some people. It can be harder to get family and caregivers on board with cloth diapering if they have to use prefolds or flats.
"All in the golden afternoon,
So, I'm scheduled for a repeat C-section on March 8th and I can hardly believe that's only two weeks away! I feel like this pregnancy has gone by so quickly. I know that it really helped to have the holidays wedged in there along with other things to help bide the time, but geez....9 months can sure seem to fly by sometimes!
And then revive anew?
Their sundaes were always served in glass dishes just like these:
Oh believe me, the fabric is there, the patterns have been chalked, drawn and cut, the finished product sketched on stark white in vivid technicolour. We just can't get the thread into that damn needle.
Fix broken dreams style mended
which isn't quite accessorized to the point of being photographed,
Fun & Fast Notes $12.00
I ought to be tackling considering how big Game Board
Later in the day, Gerry went out again, this time with Reed and two other kids from our group, both about R's age. I think all the parents were wondering how well it would go, but the kids all did great and it wound up being one of Gerry's favorite parts of the trip!!
Patterned paper is fixed to the inside of the outer card blank, but only attached at the centre fold, so that the card can open and close without tearing the paper.
We have far less counter space than in the old kitchen, which is great, actually, because the kitchen feels less cramped and also it encourages me to keep what space we have clear. We replaced one window to allow for the height of the countertops, and it actually feels like a lovely frame for the pretty view of the pasture outside. Getting a gas cooktop was important to Husband and confusing to everybody else. The fridge and freezer are built-in, nestled between a nifty pantry and a broom closet. We kept some of the original tree-y feeling of the pine with the birch tree wallpaper and the ceiling, which is painted rough-sawn pine planks. We replaced the solid door to the dining room with one made of glass to connect the rooms and get the morning light. So pretty!
When Tumbudu was head of his army he fought many people of other countries. The people whom he conquered he told his army to take all the treasures such as cattle sheep and goats and women The chiefs of other countries were afraid of Tumbudu and his army because the vaShawasha used a Gona when they fought. This Gona was called maGumbatya. It contained their medicine (ndudzo) which they put in the porridge and ate. After eating they went to fight with the people whom they wanted to fight. When these vaShawasha people ate the mixture of porridge even the guns would never shoot them, the bullets would be caught by that medicine and the spear thrown at one of the muShawasha would bend, even the axe could not cut. No other gonas were as powerful. They made a fire and put medicine from the gona into it. Then they asked, Where are we going?” “Are we going to win the battle?” If the smoke did not come out immediately or if it went straight up they did not go, but if it came out quickly and went to the side they went in the direction where the smoke was blowing certain that they would win the battle. The work of the vaShawasha was making spears, axes, hoes and knives. To make them they went to Wedza mountain and got mhangura (iron stone) for their furnaces. They sold these tools to the people of other places and many people came from far countries to buy them.
And if you don’t have a set of heritage pieces, don’t fret; follow this unique example as seen in furniture designer Pierre Cronje’s Wynberg showroom, and offset contemporary white crockery against a striking wall, with stripes painted in Earthcote’s latest colour range.
Racism is America's most sensitive issue, the source of some of the ugliest moments of our national history, complicated by America's sense of being a "city on the hill." It is hard to square those two things together and our attempts to do so (especially in national and popular media) often succumb to an either-or fallacy in which America is either a hypocritical nation of false hopes or it is the beacon of national and cultural perfection. Of course neither of those is true and the absurd absolutes polarize people into ideological camps, unable to communicate.
the depth of the descent, when you came among us. it was almost as if your understanding was darkened, your power and insight lost.
Absolutely! I like my tattoos to be somewhat balanced on my body as far as placement, so next on the list is turning my 3/4 sleeve into a full sleeve and adding a piece on my left thigh to go along with Mr. Classy T-Rex (I'm ashamed to admit he doesn't have a name!). I'm also super excited to get started on a chest piece, which despite all my other highly-visible tattoos, is what I consider the biggest deal since it's what people will notice first when they look at me.
I know I promised to get on to formatting this time. But last week catdownunder asked if publishing your own e-book means people will think you aren’t good enough for a “real” publisher. It’s an important question, so the Muse has ordered me to answer it before we go any further. One does not argue with a unicorn. His horn might glitter but it is also sharp.
The other major historical monument is the Tour Montjoie. Built by Matthew de Beaumont in the 11th century, this 15m tall stone donjon replaced the original wooden version. It's understandably somewhat weathered now, but it's remarkably well-preserved given its age, apparently. (A restoration project in 1979-1980 probably didn't hurt.)
The Guardian is at pains to assure its readers that these are not racial crimes. They state. 'Despite the conviction of nine Asian men for child exploitation in Rochdale and worrying signs in the statistics, racial profiling won't help potential victims.' Seems to me that it might, unless they are suggesting racist police are targeting Asian offenders and ignoring black and white offenders.
Thinking on it a bit more, I think I may have figured out what it is that bothers me so much about Scorsese of late. The man has, seemingly, no sense of humor at all - neither about himself, nor about the films he's making. Shutter could have been an awesome opportunity for a sly, tongue-in-cheek dissection of a particular type of psychological thriller, but there was never any doubt that Scorsese would play it absolutely straight.
If you don't need any more beans or salsa in your food storage, there were great deals this week on produce, fruit snacks & other items you need for your week's meal plan. Here is my 'loot' this week...all for under $125!!
Paul Davis- Boogie Woogie Man
What elements do you think a picture book needs to be successful?
Divide dough into 2 equal pieces. On a lightly floured surface, roll each piece of dough into a 1/4 inch thick rectangle that is 8 1/2 x 16 in size. Using a pastry brush, brush butter onto bread. Sprinkle with cinnamon and sugar. Starting at the small side, roll dough into a cylinder and place seam side down into the prepared loaf pan. Cover and let proof for 1 to 1 1/2 hours.
Why comedy as well as fiction?
Welcome to the team girls and we can't wait to see what all you have in store for us!
All three men are now free.
So what is means is we should expect to travel in about 3 months!
But don’t fret, dear readers (yes, I know you follow this!) since I just came from a movie date with my mum and I’ll be dishing out my MMFF2011 reviews very, very soon — as soon as I recover from the bad flicks and catch the good ones! (Yes, I know there are good ones, let’s not lose hope for Philippine mainstream cinema…echos!)
We made marrow pudding!
Best breakfast:
And so on and so on.
or after hours and hours
Others probably aren't as high on Pinnacle as I am, and that's fine. When it comes to baseball cards, I love hearing different opinions on every set, something I've learned since my trek into the blogosphere.
Partners In Crime
For more than a year, the group has objected to Centre 454’s return from 216 Murray St. to St. Alban’s church, its original home on King Edward Ave. and Daly Ave.
And I almost forgot.
Luckily, right at that moment, a very nice sales associate came by to see if we needed help with anything. Apparently, she can sniff out the first time parents from a mile away. So, we started to pick her brain about this Britax stroller. First of all, she let us know that the stroller did come in black as well (nothing against red, but it was just not our thing). Then, she let us know that Britax was a great brand and very safe. She said they are best known for the toddler/convertible car seats, but they are now doing infant car seats and strollers too. She said that she had two Britax car seats at home and was very pleased with them. She then showed us how easy the car seat (Britax B-Safe) clicked into the stroller. At this point, we were sold. But, I knew that I had a Babies R Us coupon at home, so we decided to come back later to pull the trigger.
The nationwide Eisenhower interstate system was built to be used as emergency aircraft runways, for example – and it is far too huge to be able to destroy.
for us to go, we will find something................
Jaydon, Caleb, Ethan, and Brandon are all best friends, and they have the coolest hide-out. It’s a layout of unused sewer lines in the new subdivision. The boys take their skateboards down there and skate via flashlight to a big room, where they have rigged up electric and fished chairs and lamps out of dumpsters to have a comfortable place to hang out.
Moreover, a “mess up” is only one if we define it as such. Rather, the same incident could simple be an experience through which we learn to do things a different way the next time.
TV vegetable is just a light hearted, alternative or slightly irrelevant look at some of the TV I’ve been consuming over the past week. It probably reviews bits and pieces from a few shows, likely some high quality HBO drama or something similar, and possibly some rubbish. I don’t watch too much TV so don’t expect it to cover everything, and I’ve no wish to be a tv reporter from the living room trenches, so don’t expect it to be too in depth either. Although it might on the odd occasion.
SP - 62' 10" - Laura Gerraughty, NC - '04
From the 7 Dots Embellishment Add-On:
There are several reasons that Dr. Marquez is my choice: She was first in her dental school class. She has participated in a number of internships and residencies, including cleft lip and palate studies. She has also participated in dental research and published papers pertaining to dentistry. Her hands on experience includes private practice dentistry, endodontics, periodontics, oral surgery, pediatric dentistry and prosthodontics. She then got smart and applied to orthodontic school! While earning her degree she also taught orthodontics to undergrads.
Of Kung Fu
Schneider Weisse Main Kristall (Tap 2) basically brew with the same ingredients as in Tap 1, minus the yeast and with gentle filtration. It has a slightly alcohol content at 5.3%. It pours to a very clear golden colour with a big fluffy head.
His head just poking above the top stair.
I'm so excited to see it all come together...my birthday is the 22nd so i'm anxious to see what the newest addition will be. And since i've been such a flake, here's two versions of the print i made for our room. Let me know if you want a different color, and i'll see what i can do....just right click and save. It's an 8x10 print....
Sometimes, it seems, like I’m surrounded by a flood of people, and I’m disconnected from them all, and no matter how hard I try, I can’t tap into their lives, and they can’t tap into mine.
No need for further explanations.
For every down there are a number of ups, the problem is that sometimes the downs make me want to smack my husband over the head. You thought you saw her, so your reaction was to push me to the side and hold me at a distance? Then telling me you weren’t thinking was supposed to be helpful? No. That’s worse. You weren’t trying to stop me from attacking her, it was more of like you were hiding me. Did you think she was going to do something to me? Probably not. So not thinking your instinct was to push me away from you. Fabulous. That’s exactly what I want to know your instinct is. Putting yourself blocking my view of her was fine, but holding me at a distance was not. Honestly, sometimes apologizing just doesn’t cut it either. Looking pitiful and saying “I’m sorry” doesn’t change the fact you didn’t want her to see me with you. I’m not the cheater, I’m not the one who is sneaking around with someone else’s husband – you are my husband. We don’t have to hide. Especially not from someone like that.
1 (8-ounce) container plain Greek yogurt (may sub with sour cream)
"Marlowe? Is that your first name?"
Prepare your business as if it were your home.
Butterfly - Martha Stewart
If on page 30, your main character has a mission, like Dodge going in search of his ex, then your second act has direction. Then he's tested, facing various highs and lows, obstacles along the way. Even though I tried to mix it up in terms of genre-bending and surprising moments, it's actually a very straight forward structure. I remember hearing a complaint that "Nick and Norah's" didn't have enough of a ticking clock, so I was sure to give it a huge ticking clock.
He left the door ajar, today.
I made the move to pick up Rafael Soriano in the off-chance that he gets the closer title over David Robertson (who is the favorite to win the job after Rivera’s knee injury). I dropped Scott Downs thinking that he will probably give the job back to Jordan Walden at some point and that the Angels are struggling right now (when not playing the Twins). I figure I can probably find a guy similar to Downs if I need to (Capps is still on the market) or I can stream a pitcher or pick up a position player.
This shop was hosted by my great friend Francine Raymond, of Country Living magazine fame: you may know her as the 'Chicken Lady', although her talents extend far wider than that epithet would imply. It was held in Francine's new house in Kent, which she has transformed in her inimitably stylish way since she moved from Suffolk earlier this year.
“You will notice there are no white galleries in here. White galleries were in the philosophy of a laboratory sterile space,” he said. “You weren’t distracted from the art by anything. In our case, we don’t mind a little bit of distraction; that’s what real life is like.”
As one watches The Clock, the regular rhythm of our days are slowly revealed, and each hour’s unique character comes back – like the memory of an old friend. For instance, one o’ clock is the lunch hour and so we see scenes of people in restaurants: eating, drinking, and placing their orders. Some are late for appointments; others are busy at work. Some are stuck in traffic; others walk crowded city streets. Some wait for their lovers; others wait in a queue.
I didn't even know this type of pattern had a name until I watched their show.
Nothing better than leaving on a jet plane with your favorite college girlfriends.
I feel that this misconception regards when our seasons begin and end is down to globalised firms who shove our faces with Christmas in September and Easter in January. No wonder we're all out of sync.
I got a little weirded-out a week or so ago. I rented the movie "Young Adult" because... Charlize Theron? Boredom? It was still officially Winter? I can't remember. Then the beginning credits informed me it was written by Diablo Cody. And my weirded-out reaction morphed into the long-time-coming ode to Women's History Month... before it is April and we have to stop talking about Women for another 11 months starting on April Fool's Day.
In 1949 the then mayor of the city of Lisse, opened the Keukenhof gardens with the intention of organising a flower exhibition that would attract the bulb growers of the country and Europe and of giving a new impulse to the postwar Dutch industry.
Interesting. Wonder if her baby takes naps or merely hibernates?
'Cause
- "It's been said that (searching for prior art) is all going to be sorted out and will be very easy in due course--I don't believe it . . . and some of the fuzzy patents that have emerged from the United States tell you that it's going to be very difficult to stop very ordinary things from being patented." I realize that the article only cites selected portions of Lord Jacob's comments, but this is pretty outrageous stuff. It is intellectually lazy, and his comments do nothing for progressing the ongoing discourse on patent policy (Lord Justice Jacob was reportedly "glad" that he hasn't had to consider any software patent cases in the appeal courts yet).
But the level of these male hormones has not decreased. Men now have urges which don’t fit well with our day to day culture. Which leaves them in a quandary. Most men hide these feelings, urges and desires or find other outlets for them. My brother is an obsessive compulsive about everything. Which is great for his wife because they have 7 kids and my brother cleans, cooks and nurtures the kids as much as his wife. A clean house, healthy meals and happy children are important to him. Many men wouldn’t admit they care about such things.William works on landscaping the yard as much as I do. He helps me plan how it will look, making sure we get the right supplies and actually doing the work, including caring for the plants and flowers over the summer months. This may not seem ‘manly’ but trust me, William is very “male” in every respect.
He loved to romp our fenced in back yard. He would enthusiastically chase the mail truck, the UPS truck and any motor cycle up and down the fence line in a futile attempt to chase them away from "his" territory.
She goes to school to create. She uses what is at her disposal to it's limits- video camera, editing equipment, paints, books. She has a vision- it might spark from her own take on what she is experiencing or reading, it might be introduced by the school or by the teacher. It might be an injustice she is experiencing (like when the school took the money she and her Anime Club fundraised for and withheld it because it was for an event that was not school sanctioned).
But he’s all right up until the moment–he can have any god’s quantity of engrams or anything else–he’s perfectly all right until he accepts one of these postulates that is handed to him, and adopts it to himself and by his own self-determinism says, “Well, from here on that’s the way it is.” That’s a little boy suddenly saying to Mama, “Uh, I give up. I… I’ll mind, I’ll mind.” He goes out of valence, he ceases to be alive. He’s hit a static. He goes out of valence (and you can watch this either in yourself or in preclears) and his reality goes boom! Perceptics shut off.
The Michigan Natural Resources Trust Fund (MNRTF) has been in place since 1976. It provides financial assistance to local governments and the Department of Natural Resources(DNR) to purchase land or rights in land for public recreation or protection of land because of its environmental importance or its scenic beauty. It also assists in the appropriate development of land for public outdoor recreation.
If you read my earlier post A Day in the Life of our Homeschool, you will know that we have a fairly easygoing pattern...especially for the little kids. However, I don't like to get into too much of a rut, for both my sake and for the sake of the kids, so we came up with something to remind us of getting the fun stuff done, too, and not just the basics.
Also, the adorable Summer Bellessa and Brooke White from the Girls With Glasses Show asked me to participate in their Mother's Day video. I had a funny voice from a cold and the background noise is bad (why did we film this on the roof again?), but we still had fun :)
**EDIT: A quick note about fabric. I used two yards of SOLID color fabric for this project. If you want to use a pattern (which I don't really recommend for tufting, unless the scale is super small), you'll have to piece together two or three panels of the fabric so that the piece is wide enough and so that the pattern matches up and runs the right way. Better yet, just use a solid fabric :) You can run the fabric horizontally (called railroading) and just get two yards and call it good.
Liatris gracilis is a moderately tall plant. The slender gayfeather usually grows to be 20-100 cm in height and is covered by fine hairs. The bud stalks or pedicels branch off of the single stem and each pedicel supports one flower. The flowers are small and purple and look like little stars (Figure 1).
I used a random gluten free muffin mix I had lying around, but the secret to their deliciocity (run with it) was that I added Ovaltine and peanut butter to the batter. Can you tell I was desperately trying to make something dessert-like? I never, ever drink Ovaltine but Tim loves it. Shame it's all gone now because I needed flavoring for my muffins. Whoops.
Hello! I knew weigh in was going to be a gain. I was up 1.8 :P That scale better watch out for me next week! :) hehe I had a great week so I'm not upset.
if you read here often, you know i'm a lil obsessed over the water! - i want with all my heart to live on a boat and travel! - i can not imagine a better existence while i do so - it just seems like the ultimate bliss!
I think I like this quilt more than some of the others I have made because it was a product of truly leftover and used fabrics, more like how quilts used to be made long ago out of whatever fabrics women could scrape together. That fact that it is a bargello doesn't hurt either.
When the soup is somewhat cooled, transfer to either a food processor or a blender and purée. Once puréed, return the blended soup to the original pot, and mix in the bacon and milk. On a medium heat setting, let cook for 5 minutes.
Jacque
This bronzer or blush is gigantic. Really good value for the price!!! I also really like the packaging, it’s sturdy, classic, and laarrggee. lol I really like the matte black and the clear top so you can see the product.
Mawlana Hazar Imam addresses those gathered for the Kenya Jamati Institutional Dinner. Photo: Courtesy of the Ismaili Council for Kenya
What was the point of the story? Well, for some reason, Parker's fraternity holds an annual kegger to commemorate the anniversary of the massacre. Then Paul breaks into the chat to point out all of the flaws in the story. Killjoy. Annoyed by the interruption, Parker insists that the story is true, and that it was all covered up by the administration. Paul leaves, and Brenda reveals that she wants to ask Paul out.
This was a brew that didn't match my design, but was quite pleasant. It was hoppy like a pale ale, but .... different. The Sorachi Ace dry hop tended to give lemony, tangerine, but also a slight grassy flavor. So lemongrass. It worked. I do intend to do this again.
Then I thought about Le Creuset... I dare not admit this but my mother bought me Le Creuset for le trousseau... How old fashioned and funny is that... Can you believe that this tradition even existed? But she was insistent that I set up home in the right way... maybe she is to blame for my love of all things French... Either way the French affair is well and truly established and my Le Creuset pots are still going strong... At the age of 25 I didn't even know what a boeuf en daube was and now I couldn't imagine my French kitchen without my mother's Le Creuset...
I’ve come to take you home.
Supplies used: cardstock - kraft, cream; patterned paper - Snowfall & Christmas Carol from Tinsel & Twig by The Girls' Paperie; border punch - Martha Stewart; stamp - Stampin' Up; Ink - Jet Black by Archivers Ink: ribbon & twine - my stash
...put off your old self, which belongs to your former manner of life and is corrupt through deceitful desires, and to be renewed in the spirit of your minds, and to put on the new self, created after the likeness of God in true righteousness and holiness.
DEADLINE: April 20, 2012
As much as I love graphs and charts, I did not make one yet adding her on; some of us were on Skype last night and we went over a few blots (technically Episode 11) so I would like to get those all on one big handy 3D graph before posting. Soon though...soon.
Rath will be watching closely to be sure she completes her first assignment-reaping Rick, the boy who should have died. The boy she still wants to be with.
In fact, probably to a preposterous degree.
If you don't want to marinate the chicken before hand, then throw in all the masala powders after you cook the onions and garlic and then add the chicken and cook completely. Continue from the step where you add frozen peas.
causes.
Next time you have a dream, weird thought, or sudden lightbulb–no matter how strange it sounds–write it, direct it, make it a reality. I’m glad I’m doing so with mine. There’s no telling how it’s going to end up, but I’ve got high hopes for its completion and future success.
That’s what slipped out of my mouth in a fit of frustration earlier today. My brain likes to invent new statements like this at times. Yesterday and for the week and a half prior, it was “Flaming boogers!”
Through this new partnership, customers will be able to transfer in either U.S. city between Turkish Airlines- and JetBlue-operated flights while enjoying one-stop ticketing and check-in plus hassle-free baggage transfer and other benefits. JetBlue offers connections to and from dozens of cities throughout the United States including Boston, Massachusetts; Buffalo/Niagara Falls, New York; Charlotte and Raleigh, North Carolina; Fort Lauderdale and Orlando, Florida; Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania; and San Juan, Puerto Rico.
Who doesn't love a magazine subscription? You have your choice of Better Homes and Gardens, House Beautiful, Country Living, Family Fun or Real Simple. So head on over to my new blog The Blooming Hydrangea for your chance to win!
An introduction to alternative forms of education, beyond compulsory state education. We will explore ways to support kids in leading their own learning and education. Find out about education alternatives in Montreal and beyond.
Pour in individual cups, add celery salt and a dash of cream.
David Hockney is far from retrograde. He makes good use of technology:
After furiously working those booths for a couple hours,
In the same way, the Fourth Gospel is largely concerned with the incarnate Logos who has come down from above. The Johannine Jesus steps down into a specifically Jewish context which is admittedly within a wider Roman context, but his conversations, discourses, and signs are all related to distinctly Jewish concerns. Jesus has come to fulfill and transcend Jewish expectations. The Roman scenery serves as the realistic backdrop to the wider story but it is not the story and should not be confused with the story. The studies of Thatcher, Carter, and Richey insist that we pay attention to Roman concerns and remain open to the fruit of future research in this area. While we must ultimately recognize that Rome is present in John, specific points of contact with Roman characters and images are minimal and do not constitute a major emphasis for the Fourth Gospel.
09. Miracle Man - Lone Raspberry
I hope you are enjoying your long weekend.
I must confess, I am still in Job! Yes, Job. I am stuck on the dialogue between Job and his friends in the first few chapters. I want to understand it and figure out what it all means and it's been slow going for me. I do hope you're doing better than me with the Reading the Bible in One Year challenge! The way I see it, it's a good idea to keep up, but also to understand what I'm reading. To that end, I am behind right now according to the schedule, but perhaps there will be another time to "catch up".
This question has been asked by believers over thousands of years and today many of us find ourselves posing this same question either in the hidden enclosures of our hearts & minds or out loud because the answer to this question informs the very point of our existence. It helps us embrace what God had in mind when He put us on earth, what we are meant to do while we are here, possibly even when and how we will experience or live out the tangible reality of our divine assignment in this generation.
Congratulations to all English Democrats candidates and thank you to everyone who voted for our party in yesterday's local elections.
Heat cast-iron skillet on the stove. (Cast iron is the best, since it cooks evenly and doesn't stick.) Melt butter over medium-low heat in the center of your skillet.
No one who knows me would ever say that I’m a baseball fan. In fact, I’m not really a sports fan at all. It just doesn’t interest me. I’d rather hide somewhere with a book (or ten). So when I won Sophomore Campaign, a book clearly heavily baseball-related, I wasn’t so sure if I’d like it. However, I’ll read just about anything. There might have been two books in my life that I’ve not been able to put up with long enough to finish, and I read a lot.
These replies to Spencer were actually pretty awesome!
It definitely won’t be done by then though, I’m making it bigger than an average baby blanket because I don’t want him to grow out of it. It will be more of something that he can use his whole childhood. I’m going to make a stripped border around it too.
Decided to take a poll to see what you ~ my fabulous, nail polish wearing followers think.
If you've done the math, you'll quickly realize that Brandon and I, and the four children, were to sit on a float for about 4 hours. 3 1/2 of which would be basically parked, waiting for our turn in line. Outside of a donut shop, which is just torture for a float full of children on a Saturday morning. Speaking of torture, the music playing out of the back of the truck that pulled our float was "Greatest Hits From A Mississippi Children's Choir That You've Never Heard Of".
Huge grassy smell. So much so that there's not much else to the smell. It smells a bit like a Bigfoot without the malt.
but, to be fair, i *do* get some extra quiet time while he’s in the bathroom too. it’s funny how routines get started, and how they always seem to work like clockwork, because i can always get partially dressed && fiddle with my hair and makeup a li’l bit before he’s out of the shower. by the time i’m grabbing my shoes, he’s usually all squeaky clean.
“I know that. Other wise your name wouldn't be on that shield,” is what I think he said,
Mr. Roopnarine’s string of such actions this week has propelled him further into the spotlight as an alleged suspicious person in the ongoing 2004 Execution style Murder Investigation of Mala Mohammed.
“As a result of this clean-up day, we will support development of an already thriving community in Crown Heights, free of graffiti, and I am hopeful to continue working together to beautify the blocks. Crown Heights has so many wonderful stores that will now form an alliance from today’s event onward. This area, with its multicultural population, and thriving culture, has a prosperous future ahead of it,” said Council Member James.
I'm chairing two upcoming arts and crafts fairs. The first is in San Francisco on November 5th, 6th, and 7th. The 2nd is in Brisbane on December 11th.
Be a hero in the strife!
So I pulled out my cell phone to call her and as I am about to dial he says “Calling me? I’m right here. Did you not see me when you came in? “ (haha! TIGHT) and he added something else but I just thought that was awesome timing. I liked the fact that he also took a risk b/c I could have easily been waiting for my b/f, husband or another man and he still took that risk. I’m sure he had been thinking of probably another approach b/c I kept seeing him eyeing me the whole time and I guess he saw it was the perfect time to do a creative opener on me (taking a risk) obviously b/c I had the look of frustration on my face and b/c I was also waiting for someone. And it worked like a charm! It opened up the door for more conversation and we ended up exchanging numbers (too bad he lived too far away) Oh wells.
Cigars are great - not only to smoke, of course - but also because of the opportunity they give to meet new people and in fact visit new places! That is why I jumped at the opportunity to join Ajay of La Casa del Habano, his family, Magali de la Cruz from Sautters and a few other cigar aficionados from London, including the master Simon Chase of Hunters & Frankau, for the V AMICIgar day!
24 weeks is generally regarded as the threshold of viability. It is also the gestation above which abortions cannot be performed other than for serious congenital abnormality.
But I threw on my coat & fedora, wrapped a cuddle of a cashmere scarf around my neck and enjoyed the walk, happily ignorant of just how rumpled I looked until I got home and checked the photos.
If you’re like most people, most of those books have collected quite a bit of dust over the months and years. You don’t want to get rid of them. After all, books are some of our best friends! But, you do want to reclaim that space, right? The perfect solution? Why, your self storage unit of course! here are a few suggestions that will give your stored books optimal protection for several years.
If I could give you rubies
YANP: Now as far as artist of his caliber, is there any band or performers that are like a white whale for you guys? Is there someone who you’ve been after for years?
THE DILLINGER ESCAPE PLAN have been honored by Kerrang! Magazine for their innovation, inspiration, and longevity outside the mainstream with the ‘Spirit of Independence’ award, presented to the band by ALEXISONFIRE during the recent Kerrang! Awards Ceremony in London. Previous ‘Spirit of Independence’ award winners include TURBONEGRO, PRODIGY, ENTER SHIKARI, and more. Awards coverage available in this week’s issue of the magazine.
OYSTERS
All that's about to change, though. Right this very second. So if you'll excuse me, I've got some surfing to do . . .
No minimum order
“These were to include recruitment, scouting, transfer negotiations and youth development. I wasn’t in control of any of these activities despite constantly making it clear to Craig Whyte that this was to be my remit. I outlined my medium to long term strategies for the Club on numerous occasions to no avail.
Cute. Love all the color, love the blanket tucked over the back of the couch, and if you squint and look really hard there's a pillow by her husband in a fabric that is on a couch in one of my favorite room photos ever. I've obsessed over finding that fabric. Anyone?
And lest you think I’m dealing with sexual hang-ups here, um, no. Love sex. Love my sexuality. It’s not all of me, but it’s a part of me I embrace. I was born this way. Thanks, God.
a. Capture details:
It has, however, taken me a while to actually finish reading the book and post this review. This isn’t because it’s a hard read, or boring. Quite the opposite. For a piece of social sciences, it’s incredibly well written. Still, in a way, it is a book that inspires slow reading, because one of the many reasons why it took me so long to finish (why it takes me so long to finish most books, unless I make myself sit and read them in a go, or even watch a movie or er… finish this sentence) is that I get distracted. I stop consuming whatever other people have made – in this case Gauntlett’s book – and go and produce something for myself. I knitted, I cooked, I wrote, I gave lectures and organised events. Some of this I did myself, some of it collaboratively. Along the way, I also found stuff other people had made to consume and take part in too. And that’s why Making is Connecting might be ‘slow reading’. Because, this process of going off and doing something yourself is a lot of what the book is about.
Before sundown, she’d be rid of him.
I don't normally take cold requests for guests and promo, but sometimes somebody catches my eye, whether it is the wit or the book, or in this case, both... Graham is launching his second book and his first is being made into a movie--(Wow, right?) But that first line of the promo below is what REALLY grabbed me. I want to be both luckier AND more attractive!
will never be
08 Nuclear
Amazing, isn’t it? If I were French, not only would I be able to choose who I wanted to become President, but I would also be able to choose my very own MP to boot! And all this done without any quibble about cost or logistics.
I am still practicing my coloring
For several days now, Shiloh the donkey has been showing signs of impending labor. She was a rescue that we adopted, and she was already bred. We just didn’t have a clue when she was due. I have been studying up as best I can, but I have never seen a horse or other member of the equine species foal, so I wasn’t sure what to look for. As it turns out, there wasn’t much on line at all about donkey labor. (Here’s a tip for other donkey owners) I finally figured I’d research horses in the hopes they were similiar. Thankfully, donkeys pretty much follow the same signs as horses–though I learned there are a few differences.
subject the object ... object the subject
I’ve revisited some of these thoughts recently, as I’ve tasted new experiences involving others and how they perceived certain circumstances. I noted in them the familiar presence of an inclination to hold perspectives based more on what they anticipated others to hold. Even with large amounts of clarifying detail present – there was a propensity to have to state and restate related details before they might embrace certain information that may lead them away from the ‘collective’ view. This is also, human nature. To literally edit out and ignore those things that we instinctively sense being in conflict with a personal perspective of any value.
(released Tuesday, March 13th)
So HMV now looks the way that it might if it had been laid out based on a description of HMV given over the phone by someone really out of their mind on cocaine.
50. A religious e-mail stating if you do not forward to at least 20 people bad things will happen
I live in northeast Oklahoma with Biker Dude and our five dogs. Between us we have three kids who are all grown up and living out in the wild. When I’m not writing I can usually be found in the garden, coaxing the tomatoes to grow, or riding on the back of Biker Dude’s Harley, plotting a book or simply watching the scenery go by. And when I really want to relax I read other authors’ masterpieces or I’m parked in front of the television because I’m a reality TV addict.
colored. Paper piecing is also welcomed. It is not necessary to use
'She can't wear that it's dirty.'
Looking to integrate SAP solutions into your business to make it run more effectively and efficiently? We would like to share with you some of the resources that we currently distribute via our social media channels such as Twitter and LinkedIn. If you would like to learn more about SAP solutions, Business Intelligence, Cloud Computing and ERP solutions, you can visit the ETIAH website, or take a look at some of these great articles provided by the SAP website.
Stretched out his knotted fingers on the oar.
A plateau is when you stop losing weight on the Optifast program and you are NOT cheating but are eating only the prescribed product. Here’s what they tell us about plateaus on Optifast. First of all, they say that we shouldn’t necessarily expect to have a weight loss every single week. Sometimes our bodies need time to adjust. I know from other diets that I seemed to have these set points – weights that I’d been at for awhile in the past, that took longer to drop below.
Needless to say it was a bit challenging to find a nice consistent pace, when you have to dodge and dart your way through a crowd of people, and hope no one cuts you off or trips you in the process! Between you and me, I did dish out the odd elbow when someone was getting a little too pushy. Overall though, I felt much fitter and stronger than last year, which is really positive! Official results for this year have not yet been posted, but I am pretty confident that we finished right around the 60 minute mark (my time last year was 1:06). I did struggle with some knee pain in the later part of the race, so I’m going to make a point to see a physio or athletic therapist about it so my training does not get derailed. I don’t think it’s anything too major — fingers crossed.
it tore me
I mean, it’s bad enough that so many Americans use July 4th to get wasted; but, if/when other countries do it, that’s just plain rude and disrespectful! So, why should we do that to them?
But did the producers of the Broadway show realize they're opening their new musical on the anniversary of another significant strike?
These women need to ditch the sleeveless tops already or else bring their Snuggies to work.
Me: “The precinct.”
Well, crap. It looks like they killed Frank.
But this is not just the techs, scientist, engineers, environmentalists, and chemist are also among they positions getting chopped. I worry as positions are lost these professionals are going to go elsewhere, even leave the country. Yah, another Canadian brain drain, just what the country needs(Hint of sarcasm).
But what would you do with it? I'd actually be tempted never to use it and just to have it in my makeup bag so I could admire the thing every day.
'Fuck the iniquity of all this!' He howled.
As seeing you smile it seems.
Which brings me to the question I get asked every night:
How long have you been scrapbooking?
If believing that Christian rock and Mark Driscoll’s “champagne dance party cultural liberalism” is evidence of self-righteousness, then most Bible-believing Christians in past centuries were hardcore Pharisees.
Saturday - Birthday Dinner for Bro-Law
That’s enough rambling this morning, I have work to do! I hope you have an amazing Tuesday!
Question: You have spoken against the spirit of acquisition, both spiritual and material. Does not contemplation help us to understand and meet life completely?
Starring: Johnny Depp as Tom Hanson; Holly Robinson as Judy Hoffs; Peter Deluise as Doug Penhall; Dustin Nguyen as Harry Ioki; Steven Williams as Captain Fuller; and Frederic Forrest as Captain Jenco
What is your favorite color? Is it also your favorite color to work with when designing?
Greek officials are starting discussions on the country's next batch of austerity measures. Polls there suggest that the two main parties would get fewer than hald the votes in an election held today.
Not that short-story writers seem to need any encouragement. The supply of short stories seems to have no relationship to whether or not anyone is buying them (or even reading them). The short-story coat of arms ought to read Ars Gratia Artis...except for the fact that MGM Studios already uses that as their motto.
Runner Up : Shit loads of beer and a kebab.
spending time
Permanent Secretaries came under fire in Parliament on Friday and I and all wondering what responsibility if any do these people have to properly managing our government? Should the state abuse of public funds we’ve been seeing under this regime and other actually fall into their lap of responsibility?
Norah Jones' debut album, 2002's Come Away With Me, sold so many copies — roughly 20 million worldwide, making it one of the best-selling records of the previous decade — that she's seemed fairly liberated ever since, especially once expectations of future blockbusters settled to something more realistic. Without losing her knack for impeccably classy professionalism, Jones has kept pushing her sound beyond the warmly accessible pop-jazz that launched her career, whether in the roots-country band The Little Willies or in her guest-vocal spots on last year's Rome, the album Danger Mouse (a.k.a. Brian Burton) recorded with Italian composer Daniele Luppi and Jack White.
What emerges from the elevated experience referred to above is (to a certain degree) translated into thought, in our daily experience. We might then put this into practice or ‘walk’ it into our world or environment, thus sharing it creatively with others. It may translate into words or deeds, or manifest as something intangible.
So, how to avoid the dreaded bonk? Well, it’s really quite simple and, again, it breaks down rather nicely into 3 categories:
Only, Come back to me.
Paperback: 292
Mercedes AMG (MBHPE as it was known then) developed their first KERS for 2009 in house. At the time McLaren were the primary customer for the system, although Force India and at the last minute Brawn GP were also customer teams that year. Force India had a chassis prepared to run KERS, but chose not to during the season. Brawn had a chassis designed before their switch to Mercedes engines, so their car was not designed to accept the Mercedes KERS.
In this WaKiGa the spiritual connection to nature is particular to Christa and her connection with wilderness and mother earth. She is inspired by Tom Brown jr, Coyote teaching, the wilderness pedagogy and recent training with John Young who has been making contact with the wilderness schools in Germany and is now coming to England She describes it as 'making strings to nature'. "When you see a mole you make a thin string, when you get closer to it it makes a stronger rope. This gives you a level of resilience."
The year has ended and my contract with them has ended. I left them without any regrets. The manager told me before my work was ended that she admired my loyalty and dedication to work and that she would like me to continue working with them as a permanent employee. I smiled and apologized. I said to myself how can live with you? What is common between me and you? Will I become one of the slaved in the herd who lies and forges to receive his salary at the end of the month? Thank you, I don’t need this humiliating life…
The book was compiled and translated by one Yei Theodora Ozaki. Sensing a kindred spirit, I quickly became rather more curious about Ms Ozaki than the book. Who was this woman with the mixed-culture name compiling children’s books so many years ago?
As their word is broken
It seems, though, that our homegrown liberals will never come around to seeing the importance of the Second Amendment, and our natural right to self-defense; to the liberal, guns=bad. No argument will persuade them otherwise. Likewise with many of our cousins across the Atlantic who consider us barbaric and backward to even want our Second Amendment rights. If the rest of the world could vote on it, they would vote to disarm us and feel quite virtuous about doing it.
and then we kissed.
What is truly real? The All-Attractive Divine Identity (“Śrī Krishna”). The Śrīmad Bhāgavatam describes Śrī Krishna as satyam-param: the paramount truth. Thus krsna-sanga (emotionally intimate association with Krishna, via those who are deeply absorbed in contemplation of Krishna) and krsna-kathā (discussion and broadcast of Krishna’s name, qualities, beauty and activities) can restore all the legs of morality fully and deliver happiness, satisfaction and enlightenment to anyone and everyone.
Joe Porcaro (d)
For me it’s less of a communication between the two and more our descriptions of the unknown. It’s hard to communicate with the unknown if it’s unknown, right? It’s more our way of expressing these kind of mysteries. The unknown is really interesting. You don’t know what happens when you die-- not that you have to know, or that you need to know. The unknown has always been kind of a point of inspiration for us.
Tuesday, the kids, my Mom and I were on our way to AZ and as the plane landed, the plane stopped in the middle of the runway which felt like nowhere and the pilot announced that our plane had a threat against it so we were just going to hang out for a while... police vehicles swarmed around the plane. The kids kept asking what is happening Mommy, why are all those police cars out there? I told them that they were just keeping us safe... N: Safe from what? M: We will talk about it later. (Thankful for ipads to keep them busy!!!)
This is my very first post. Like so many others it has been born out of boredom. These are my first attempts at pictures. I have an old camera so I had to photoshop the bejesus outta these. These pictures are taken in my yard after work one summer day. Summers here are short but I'm a fan of fall fashion more anyways! I'm annoyed that all my pictures are different widths because I swear I cropped them all the same size. My next post will be better I hope!
C.S. Lewis said “You don’t have a soul. You are a Soul. You have a body.” That animal inside my chest? I believe it was my soul, churning, wrenching, and uncontrollably being provoked at the sound of God’s voice speaking through Josh Garrels’s song.
Like this fellow, for instance.
My grandma was born into one war and lived through another. She's of a generation who never knew the frivolity of spending all that was earned - or, worse, spending more than was earned. She's always understood the difference between luxury and necessity.
"I guess I'm the black sheep," he says, "the anti-architect."
“Can’t catch me can’t catch me wwwwwaaaaaaaacck!”
This review will likely contain spoilers from the first book in the trilogy, so if you haven't read it then please stop reading now. Unless, of course, you don't mind spoilers. You can read my review of the first book, The Ivy, here.
50. Killer Meters - Handclapping Song (2:59)
Again, whenever the family complained that he was not spending enough time with them, he reasoned that he was doing all this for them. But he often yearned to spend more time with his family.
Mr Young has the new iPhone, which means that he can now speak to it and tell it what he wants it to do, and it will carry out his commands.
Wow, has it really been since JANUARY since I blogged last? Wow! Of course, it's really no surprise, what with everything that's been going on the last few months!
According to the views of most criminologists and crime-researchers, the primary motive for these attacks is robbery, even in cases were nothing is stolen, which can happen of course when the attackers face resistance of some sort, or are scared off by armed back-up support arriving on the scene. Money, firearms, and vehicles, followed by popular items such as cellular telephones and other valuables (in that specific order), are what these black savages are normally after, or so it seems… But is robbery really the prime motive? Read on, and decide for yourselves!
Preeti Jhangiani first appeared in a Rajshri Productions’ Music Album Yeh Hai Prem opposite Abbas. This made them– as well as the koala bear symbol used in the album– famous. Thereafter, she appeared in the Nirma Sandal soap ads.
Science is proving that our tiny planet is, indeed, changing. Some places are unusually colder, some places warmer, some places experiencing more flooding, some more dryness. Many know these changes are occurring at a much faster pace than all of those limited scientists in their white lab coats anticipated. We cannot waste time arguing whether it is snowing more in our individual communities than normal. We MUST step back and look at our situation in a much more holistic manner.
Once again I am just thinking out loud here.
You could argue against public libraries too, and make an argument that the ability to read for free would devalue writing. I don’t think the availablity has much to do with it. What’s changed are two things. One is the cultural idea that’s infected education: Everyone’s a winner. No one can be told they’re not good at something for fear of damaging their self-esteem. Kids aren’t reading well-written books in elementary or high school anymore so they have no means of comparison. They don’t have to learn how to write well either unless it’s on a test. College professors are getting essays with abbreviated text messaging words in them. My brother, a professor, used to read me some of the stuff his students wrote. These things were so unintelligible I didn’t know whether to cry or laugh. Somehow they made it into college anyway.
You voted for it, you got it.
Because one of the things about his writing style that has always struck me is his openness, I decided to write about the deeply personal approach I have to my art.
Almost everyone who has seen it seems to agree it’s exceptionally well-made and psychologically gripping.
Stand Out Dream Sequence: Laura stares blankly at a picture of a horse in her bed room wall, before we know it, as the camera zooms in on the picture, we enter Laura’s dream land. Laura dreams of this weird long haired dude called ‘Bob’ who sneaks into her room at night and tries to rape her.
There were about eight whales in the bay that we could see. A few in nice and close. But there were no rolls or fin-flaps for us today. We watched the mother whale and her calf for a while before heading off along the scenic route north.
It seems fairly obvious that this is the worst, sorry 5th best, of the lot. It had too much to do, trying to tie in The Avengers with another storyline meant that the inclusion of Nick Fury and Black Widow felt almost too forced and Jon Favreau really annoyed me with his desperate plea for attention by giving himself more screen time. Iron Man 2 just fell short of capturing the essence of wit, style and charm that had won over audiences with the first film.
where we felt we’d
Others will say head hopping should be avoided. Why? If done well, you won't even notice it. I know of a bloke who experiments with punctuation, or better the lack of it -- mainly the speech marks. That's brave and difficult to pull off. Haven't read the book yet, but will try a sample to see if it works for me. Readers have complained. A lot. Probably a sign that he didn't pull it off well enough. Or maybe they weren't open to it.
That would be pathetic, wouldn’t it?
But let us once again renew our kiss as at once we both knew
Brainstorm possible bath time solutions with my friend Claire...kitchen sink? big blue bucket in the kitchen? me bathe with her??
I think that Urkel started out as a great role model. He was smart and confident. Same with Screech from Saved by the Bell. Then at some point both characters underwent a weird transformation and became bumbling idiots who spent half their time running into walls and falling over chairs. I’d like to have a heated discussion with whoever made those creative decisions because I think they did a disservice to nerds everywhere. For me the real life superheroes are the armed forces. I was raised by military personnel and my brother is currently serving so I may be a bit biased in that regard.
Our doors are locked and windows bolted. It is now just after seven o’clock, and Hurricane Charley is due here, full force, in three hours. I’m in my bathroom, which has no windows, writing this on the roomy floor of my shower. Naturally, the shower isn’t actually on. Going outside is unthinkable, and it’s now too late to heed the evacuation orders that many others abided by. Mobile homes (such s the one that my mother’s aunt, lives in) and prefabricated homes are under mandatory evacuation.
this is a new piece titled, you hold the keys....it is 8 x 8 watercolor and ink on arches 140 lb
Phone: +33 2 99 285 000
I spent all weekend (or a good part of it) cleaning up and organizing my blog. Phew- what a job! Not that it's hard to do, just time consuming when you have written over 500 posts (holy Cow, really?!) and you're going through them in an effort to organize.
4. Lightly whip the double cream, and then fold it into the cream cheese mixture. (alongwith the roasted hazlenuts)
Another year and then you'd be happy
With the baby news, Ryan and I have an exciting year ahead. We find out the sex of the baby next week and I have begun throwing room ideas around.
93. Never cuss bridge that you cross Be grateful for favors from anyone because someday you may need another.
One argument for the death penalty is that it is a strong deterrent to murder and other violent crimes. In fact, evidence shows just the opposite. The homicide rate is at least 5 times greater in the United States than in any Western European country, all without the death penalty.
I understand where he is coming from; but i know i have issues to deal with but while he meant well, he tells me that there was nothing wrong with me. I worry for him because he doesn’t seem to get it. By opposing our human leaders, we are also in some ways, disobeying God. And his path has clearly been stopped.
I’m picking myself up and carrying on with this whole writing lark. What about you? Did you never fall down in the first place, or are you still stuck in a hole?
We discovered Aiden’s heart malady by accident. Ellen was
the last leeching of light in the twilight yields to the night
But anyway, today I'm actually not sharing a St Patrick's Day recipe. Instead, we're going with a Mexican theme. Shane and I are both big fans of Mexican food but I don't know that we've ever had authentic taquitos. When I saw this recipe on Josie's blog a few weeks ago, I bookmarked it immediately and was so excited to finally try it. I roasted a chicken earlier this week and used the leftovers for the filling in the taquitos but I think shredded pork would be equally delicious. I love that this recipe can be made in advance and frozen, and the next time I make the taquitos I'm definitely planning to prep extra and do that. There's no question there will be a next time as Shane and I both loved this recipe. It's flavorful and fun, a definite change of pace for us. Whatever you do, don't skip the salt sprinkled on the taquitos before they're baked. Those bites were the very best!
Saturday in our session, Gene ordered us into plank position for far longer than I deemed necessary after two weeks of no class.
09 Far Side Of Crazy
I would say that social networking has a HUGE part to play in self promotion. Before I began playing in clubs regularly, I was using Facebook solely to promote my mixes, contact promoters and generally get myself ‘out there’ Since I started producing 6months ago I regularly uploaded previews of tracks to my soundcloud ahead of their Beatport release, after which my exposure has expanded throughout the UK and even internationally. Relying on social media however, is not what I would advise, it is a great platform to start with but I’ve learnt that ‘Word of Mouth’ and having the right contacts in the industry definitely helps!
Stir in garlic and saute for 5 mins. Add eggplant and cook, stirring occasionally, over medium heat for 15 mins.
“I have Prisma watercolor pencils and I use OMS. For some reason, the edges of the images always have more of an outline look to them (does that make sense?) Not a nice blend like the Copics. ”
While those three things definitely need to be a huge part of your marketing strategy, I truly believe there is more we can do to stand out. My goal is not to be known as every other insurance agent who has called or stopped by. I want clients and potential clients to remember me. To want to stay with me because they feel they know me. And to refer me to others not only because I can do a great job for them, but because I’m not the same as every other agent they’ve ever come across.
I did not take down my Snow Buddies after Christmas, just removed the Christmas ones and replaced them with Valentine Snow Buddies .......
And bosses do talk to other bosses, more so if you work in a niche industry where everyone knows, well, everyone.
According to the stick in my back yard, we are now down to just over two feet of snow remaining. So we must be close to fishing season and barbeque season–you are following my logic, right? I love those days in the great Alaska sunshine, the breeze in my hair, and the fish are running. I love stocking my freezer with wild salmon: kings, silvers, reds…
City of Thieves opens with Toby looking forward to seeing Windlass hanged. And this is just one example of Renner's clear-eyed and uncompromising approach to family. Toby hates his biological father, was horribly beaten by his late stepfather and is horrified by belonging to the Petch family who are all professional thieves. Charlie finds it hard to forgive her mother for her desertion in the first instalment.
Good luck, serve wholly, live untitled, realize our Infinite Potential and Happy National FFA Week!
We already are what we need to be. We already have everything we need. The hierarchical control system is based on an imposed lie that we need them to exist.
The program makes it a little difficult to figure out exactly how budget-friendly the festival is but there seems to be a lot of cheese and Icewine involved. Inniskillin, one of the favorite ice wine producers, is sponsoring an ice lounge complete with freezing furniture. “Warning: no tongues on the furniture.” (Just in case you were getting any ideas.)
Welcome to Pearl Girls™ Mother of Pearl Mother's Day blog series - a week long celebration of moms and mothering. Each day will feature a new post by some of today's best writer's (Tricia Goyer, Sheila Walsh, Suzanne Woods Fisher, Bonnie St. John, and more). I hope you'll join us each day for another unique perspective on Mother's Day.
We want details!
that my car goes fast!
Own it.
stupid enough
Deglaze pan with wine and add minced garlic. Cook until garlic is slightly brown and liquid is nearly evaporated, about 2 minutes. Add broth, lemon juice, and capers. Return cutlets to pan and cook on each side for 1 minute. Transfer cutlets to a warm plate.
- Susan
Anyway...
Walk to Jerusalem/Bethlehem - Depending on the time of year, there is a program that is designed to let a congregation log steps/miles to take a virtual journey to Bethlehem (start in September, lead up to Christmas) or Jerusalem (start in January, lead up to Easter). The program includes devotions, prayer focus, and resources for learning about the other cultures you "walk" through.
See? August has been busy.
Even if the full diffuser cannot be seen clearly, the launch version can be seen to be a narrow set up, making the most of the permitted bodywork height. Normally teams bend the rear impact structure to avoid obstructing the diffuser and beam wing. Force India appears to have done the opposite, by placing the structure low and passing inside the upper deck of the diffuser. Thus the diffuser can rise up above the space normally taken by the structure.
I have been enjoying the streamlined, delicious recipes from The Modern Baker. In fact I included the book as one of my favorites in my 2010 Cookbook Roundup and purchased three copies of the cookbook in hardcover: for me and for each of my daughters. If you don't have a copy, the book is now available at very reasonable cost in paperback! I was honored that Nick Malgieri recently sent a paperback copy of the book to each member of The Modern Baker Challenge.
Sad puddles of brine.
Life. That’s what happened. One day comes after another and another and pretty soon you realize that yesterday was pretty damn long ago and that everything you had hoped for is never going to happen. You can’t control it any more than you can control that big wave from getting stronger before it nails you. All you can do is prepare and hope that when it hits, you’ll survive.
Something for us is pouring now more than Niagara pouring,
-Irregardless of your business or dreams you need people. Word of mouth is probably the strongest biz builder in the world. The internet is a close second, but that’s a different discussion. People will always sing your virtues if you do quality work. But you have to go out and meet these people first.
be borne by your Only Begotten Son
One would think that a book titled ‘Lady Chatterley’s Lover’ would be a romance novel; an easy mistake. Just the surname ‘Chatterley’ evokes images of a pining maiden standing amongst splendid, windswept British landscapes. But this is not the case. There are no rose coloured glasses, Connie and Mellors do not wistfully romance each other into bed after a suitable amount of time getting the audience to think ‘these two really are chaste except for this one time because they are really special together’. They fuck. Hard. A lot.
Special Hall of Fame Award for services to the Industry – Brad Rogers
Then TMZ updated me with the news that he died of an apparent suicide.
I picked up three of the SW cook books (Curry Heaven, Extra Easy Cookbook, Little Book of soups) and went home with a strong resolve.
3. L’Oreal Colour Riche Balm: I am a total sucker for packaging and these reminded me of the YSL lipsticks so I was pretty much sold after that. I purchased two shades: caring coral and nourishing nude- both great everyday colors! Out of the drugstore balms this is definitely my favorite. The color variety was very nice, they were well tinted (more than a balm but a little less than lipstick). These had a great shiny sheen to them which was great because I didn’t have to apply lipgloss overtop of it.
Thus, the right of the petitioners (and all those they represent) to a balanced and healthful ecology is as clear as the DENR’s duty — under its mandate and by virtue of its powers and functions under E.O. No. 192 and the Administrative Code of 1987 — to protect and advance the said right.
I have some rereleases to get together too, so I think I’ll be rather busy this month trying to figure out when to fit in some of the rereleases. And as you all know the last book in the Shadow Hills series comes out next month, so I have decided to release January through June books in one big print copy in June as well because I know some of you prefer print to ebooks and I try to keep a variety of options open.
Maybe after I have had my cockup a while I will feel better? Who knows? Who doesn't feel better after having a cockup for a while?
1/2 c to 1 c sour cream
However, these cuts are usually much cheaper by the pound than other, less tough, cuts (at least that’s the case around here). Therefor I thought I should find some good ways to make “summer dishes” out of these cuts.
Needless to say this event stirred a lot of emotions which kind of messed up my weekend plans and interactions. I wasn’t at my most balanced self so I think I may have seemed more weird than usual. However by Monday I was back to my normal self and now I feel fine. I’m very happy to have my degree of Bachelor of Arts and I’m glad I didn’t give up on it.
"It's all because of that music
The contest will run through Sunday, March 28 at midnight CST. A winner will be announced the following day. Good luck!
Well, did you know that most antibacterial products contain Triclosan? It can disrupted sex and thyroid hormones essential for normal development and reproduction, and can cause resistance to antibiotics (medicines, for another day!! just one word: overused)
The System Office expressed concerns, implying that it had not been party to the plan and urging Santa Monica to delay implementation.
Today I wanted to share a handful of fun and colorful and/or cozy crochet projects that I'd like to attempt some day in the future. I thought they might inspire you as well. I found them all via Pinterest but also gave the original source so you can check out the fab ladies behind these projects.
11. Montrose "Matriarch" 4:31
Wonder what or who I'll write about next?
So, they pushed hard to complete the house on time.
4. The disc is almost entirely about personal relationships, but the thing as a whole’s called Suburban Nature, and lots of the songs on here feature this narrator (=you) sort of pushing at someone, trying to get someone to be more clear, trying to get someone else to articulate stuff, to just do stuff. Is there a story-line that arcs through all these songs? Do you feel them connecting? Is the woman the same in all the songs? Does the album as a whole work together? (feel free to answer this as expansively or tersely as you wish).
From there, I continued on South Brentwood headed South and made a left (East) on Clayton road. I ran past the galleria at this point, and I took a picture only to come to the realization that I don’t really like the mall. It’s great for some people, but the times I usually find myself there are during hectic and stress-filled times like Christmas and other gift-giving holidays. Not the greatest association for me. So with that thought, I decided not to include the photo. You’re welcome.
Today I'm starting the horses picture for Caoimhe's picture. She's crazy about horses and I found a nice head shot of two horses for her birthday.
This is the first of what I hope will be many more podcast reviews showcasing some of the quality work being produced by amateur and professional alike. I thought about who I wanted to start with and We’re Alive jumped right out at me.
I thought the crowing rooster was just part of the vacation ambiance. And the wild chickens provided photo ops just about everywhere we went. Quaint, we thought. How laid back.
For another problem with our current food supply, just refer to the recent uproar over “pink slime“. Household cleaning chemicals are used to make something only fit for animals into people food. I object, your honor.
I’m not sure I learned anything new at the cafe, rather it seemed to me it was a sort of ‘priming’ for deeper conversations that could then follow.
But this interest migrated to school work as well, especially art. I got perfect on a stippling assignment that I made of Sephiroth walking into the fire in Nibleheim. It really was well done, but not that good considering I copied the outline from some promotional art. For one of my biggest assignments during one of my years in art I had to write a proposal of what I wanted to do before I started and with uncanny verve I told an outstanding story of my next painting. Titled On That Day Five Years Ago, I was going to set out to create something that was beyond comprehensible on the amazing scale. I don’t remember what I wrote, but I know I used the word enmity for the first time in a sentence, for some reason this fact sticks with me. What I had planned, and what seemed like some great idea at the time, was a painting peppered with various scenes from the part in Final Fantasy VII when Cloud tells the crew what ‘happened’ in Nibelheim five years ago. I’m not going to bore anyone with an explanation of what that is, but needless to say it was impossible and actually a terrible idea for a painting.
I have been brewing a lot since my last post. The spare time I have been getting has been spent on brewing, and that leaves little time for blogging. So here is what I have been up to the past couple of months:
Again tonight, underneath that blue moonlight
Here’s an edit I threw together just to show what can be done with raw processing (Not implying it can’t be done with jpeg but raw certainly makes things easier):
I will periodically update this blog with articles, videos, pictures and more that I find on the internet and feel will be valuable for my students or their parents.
Sitting on the screened balcony's padded ledge, Saleema enjoyed the moment of peace as she brushed her daughter's long, silky hair. Her business as a leading merchant in the city all too often took her away from home. Anbar, no more than fourteen and already filled with dreams larger than life, clutched a thick satin cushion against her chest. A soft marine breeze blew through the mashrabiyya, heavy with the scent of iodine and the diffuse, raspy song of cicadas.
Now, almost ten years later, all the stars are aligned and I am finally able to pursue my goals. Yesterday, I took the first step in what will be a long journey. I started nursing school. I am so excited/anxious/nervous. Wonder if I'm not good enough? Wonder if I fail, what will I do then? I am feeling a lot of pressure to succeed, and I know I will, it's just overwhelming that everything is coming together. At the same time, I am also incredibly inspired by all the brave women who have come before me and I am appreciative of the doors they've opened up for me. They took huge risks, without knowing about safety, hand washing, sterilization, etc. But so many of the advances in nursing are due to these women, so I applaud them! I hope that one day I can inspire other women and blaze trails in areas of nursing that need improvement.
BOQ announces a reduction in home loan rates by 0.35%, keeping 0.15% of the RBA reduction, from May 11.
The thing is, our wedding is about 5 months away. That’s it. I know a lot of people have at least a year to plan the big day out. So I am feeling kinda flustered with the daunting task of planning a wedding. The $$, the decorations, the venue, guest list, dress, bridal party, etc. I feel sort of lost most of the time.
I do not wish to push people away by being too attentive towards them. At the same time I do not wish to seem like I don’t care at all. I’ve never been good at balancing those two aspects. I’m doing my best to learn though.
However, the minister's attempt to clarify her position does exactly the opposite because she is in fact a member of the NCACC.
We are happy to drink milk but the notion of drinking it directly from the source is something that would turn a few stomachs as this next picture shows. It just seems too intimate.
MB: What desire, if any, do you think Donna Anna feels towards Don Giovanni? Is she just better at hiding her desire than Donna Elvira?
Then I wonder what has happened to young Johnny. Has he been in a car accident or did he fall down a well on a farm? I wonder if he has banged his head in the playground or if he has measles. Or a life-threatening illness. I hope not.
Orbital Sanders – The Basics
There were two main units of special forces used in the Troubles, as we have already noted: the SAS, and 14 Intelligence Company. The SAS was used against republican paramilitaries on intelligence-led missions that required relatively small numbers of men to operate under difficult or unusually demanding circumstances. Reading about the Troubles leaves one with few illusions in this regard: when it comes to lying, soaking wet, in a field for days on end waiting to shoot an IRA man, the SAS have few equals. More interesting though, from our point of view is 14 Intelligence Company, which was just as crucial to the fight against the IRA, albeit in a very different way.
Virginia - Heartwishes
To set up the activity I picked a few letters to focus on, in this example we were working with the first five letters of the alphabet. Then I went to my bin of Magnetic Letters and took out all the letters we were going to work with and placed them in a little basket. Then I wrote each letter on a piece of colored construction paper to create letter mats for Juliette to sort the Magnetic Letters onto.
Car rental reimbursement is an optional coverage available on your auto insurance policy. I’m often asked if it’s important to purchase. First, let’s clarify what it does. If you are hit by another driver they are liable for your damages. Their insurance (assume they have insurance) will pay for the repair to your car, medical bills, and pay for your rental car cost. If you, on the other hand, are the “at-fault” driver your insurance does the same for the other driver but does not pay for your rental car expense unless you have purchased this additional coverage.
Eh? What was that last bit? Crazy, but true: jump to this story in today's Pittsburgh Post-Gazette and read about how the PLCB received a report from an internal committee prior to signing the wine kiosk contract, a report that strongly advised against going forward with the contract. For instance, the committee pegged the top problem: the kiosk idea simply sucked.
Favourite Doctor:
Mean Old Cat
Gainsbourg has worked with Trier before, most recently in Antichrist. She cries a bit, but theres nothing to act here. Kiefer Sutherland, the 24 star, plays Gainsbourg’s wife and he is trying to deny that the planet will be eclipsed.
I will freely admit that the visual of the “rest marveling at the sight” make me a bit weepy every time I hear the song.
Unfortunately, working is a part of life. We need money to survive...and that means working or rich parents. There's really nothing that annoys me more than someone with a bad attitude while they work. Believe me, most days I'd rather sit at home and eat bon bons and watch Lifetime, but then who would pay for the cable bill and the air conditioning?
#616 Bill Ripken (F$*% Face Version) - Of all the cards I could have pulled, who would have figured that I would have pulled this one? I am so very very very happy that I pulled this card, and it now becomes my best pull from a pack of all time. So I'm glad it gets to represent 1989 Fleer on APTBNL, because what better card to represent the set than this one?
15
Step 5: Once an order is executed, wait until your total profit (including carrying costs) is at least $5 per microlot. This doesn’t sound like much, but your margin requirement per microlot is only about $30 on average, so this is a 15% return per trade (roughly). As you execute more and more orders, this adds up. You can also do the calculations needed to change your take-profit to a level closer to $5 if you don’t want to miss any profit opportunity.
Motherhood is the greatest potential influence either for good or ill in human life. The mother’s image is the first that stamps itself on the unwritten page of the young child’s mind. It is her caress that first awakens a sense of security; her kiss, the first realization of affection; her sympathy and tenderness, the first assurance that there is love in the world. True, there comes a time when Father takes his place as exemplar and hero of the growing boy; and in the latter’s budding ambition to develop manly traits, he outwardly seems to turn from the more gentle and tender virtues engendered by his mother. Yet that ever-directing and restraining influence implanted during the first years of his childhood linger with him and permeate his thoughts and memory as distinctively as perfume clings to each particular flower. President David O. McKay (Gospel Ideals, p. 452.)
Liz McKenzie and team put together a specific website for Sydney and a promotional video shot during the 2010 and 2011 schools that does a good job talking about the course, and Peter talks about the Spem performance from his point of view. It seems 2011 was the first year Americans had attended, which was me and a couple from Michigan. Maybe some other countrymen will go in the future, and I hope to go back.
And love You until the end of times...
* Transvestites – 743
Well, she's been home for 2 days now and hasn't been feeling well, at all. She's been running a fever and has been very lethargic. This morning when she got up, I took her temp. and she had a fever of 102.6...highest it's been yet. So, I've been giving her lots of fluids and Ibuprofen every 4-6 hours. I just can't stand it when my girls are sick. They may be 15 and 20, but I still think of them sometimes as being 3 years old. I don't like it when they're under-the-weather, but I sure do love taking care of them.
(No, I didn't make that up. I work with sugar, so I've amassed many weird tools over time).
Indo Rama Synth
It was very important to me that I not accidentally teach my dd that the floor is a potty place or that peeing your self was an okay option by having no reaction or a neutral one. It was also important to me that I wean myself from the diaper crutch before she developed any significant memory of soiling herself that way. I also did not want to encourage a potty place that I didn’t want to have as a common option later. The bathtub and sink are not potty places (the sink only for an exclusively breastfed baby in arms) and outside is not a toilet except in very specific circumstances (camping or remote location). And to ensure that every room in the house didn’t become a potty place, the bathroom was always encouraged to be the preferred potty place, and potty in the living room was slowly and deliberately transitioned out. It is always surprising to see what they can do by themselves when they are given the chance to try.
1. I'm very literal minded about holidays. I like wearing Christmas tree earrings at Christmas parties. It's the old lady-tchotchke side of me. That's why I love lingerie with hearts on it for Valentines Day. It's super cute, and shows a charming adherence to holiday themes.
But they are only human too. They made a mistake. They should not have hit you. This does not mean they are terrible parents. It just means they must not have known any better. They can be forgiven.
from our pillows when we rise, so much lost in
We shall make our own arrangements and advise our 'clients' to do so too. :).
This book is a regular set text in schools around the western world. It has also courted controversy because of a single scene featuring the taboo of child rape. I must say that the act was never intended to be titillating and it is handled perfectly and fully in context of the wider story. Those who might turn away from a book on that basis would do well to realise that in the world that Ayla inhabits, it is common for females to give birth to their first child aged around 11 or 12.
Reissdorf Kölsch … Germany; 4.8% … 16.9 oz … 6.25
my thoughts on sample meetings;
Everything in my life was working out. I had my three best friends, a brand-new boyfriend, and the lead in the school play. Aside from that history paper I hadn't started, things felt perfect.
why do they work
So, forgetting all the crappy things that have happened this week, I have made two new recipes that I would like to share.
I conditionally accept your offer to agree that I am NAME and that I owe £??.??, upon proof of claim of all of the following:
Myself:
“Obama moved to Southeast Asia at age 2″.
Moving from the rationality of faith they tackle the claim that faith and science are at odds. From the world of science they move on to defend the high possibility of miracles and summarize their claim by saying, “In short, the possibility of miracles depends upon the existence of God. If God exists, miracles are possible (p. 46).” Issues of origins are discussed in terms of the origins of the universe and human life as well as the Christian answer as to why the universe is just right for life. When God is cited by Christians as the original source of all things atheists always bite back with the question, “But who made God!?” To this classic question the authors rightly respond by saying, “The claim is not that everything has a cause. Rather, everything that begins to exist has a cause (p. 78).”
But instead of Sleep -- Vitamins, and Mental Energization.
Have I mentioned he's not seriously considering one single school in
The graduation is from the 30 week weight loss and transition phase of Kaiser’s program. The maintenance or “lifestyle” phase goes on through week 82! But our group may scatter, or attend infrequently, or even not at all. We no longer pay at this point to attend, only for product if we want any. And we have to attend twice a month and weigh in if we do want product.
It's a good, great world
Film enthusiasts and historians, the next few months will prove to be very exciting! For the first time ever, two of the best, most classic movies ever made will be heading to Blu-Ray. The first, All Quiet on the Western Front, hits shelves on February 14th (and will be in DigiBook Packaging). This film, best known as one of the first accurate depictions of what warfare is really all about, premiered in 1930, and shocked audiences with the graphic brutality of war, which was a far cry from the Hollywoodesque romanticism of war that had become a mainstay of theater at that point in time. It was so shocking that it was actually banned in Germany, though mainly for political reasons, and its unflattering portrayal of a losing German Army, the nation blamed for starting World War I, which was punished severely by the Treaty of Versailles in 1918. The second of these films is one that deals with the luxury of the most famous ship in history, the Titanic, and the subsequent disaster of its sinking, in one of the most accurate tellings of the story, based on the book by legendary author Walter Lord, titled, A Night to Remember. This film will be released a month later, on March 27.
I hope you have enjoyed this tutorial, and I would love to see all your projects (though don't forget take your time), and don't forget to pop over to Lily's Quilts and join her QAL!
And mine weren’t the double-Ds of most porn addict’s fantasies; they looked more like something out of Salvador Dali’s imagination. Despair took hold when I said goodbye to my chances of ever being able to shop at Victoria’s Secret again, and hello to unflattering bras that used descriptives like “minimizer” and “full-coverage” in their advertising.
Jbiz hated it. Too many veggies. I liked it. Sigh, story of my life.
Our voice which thrilled you so, will let
Directions: If you're traveling north on US 220, look for the Smith Road exit about five miles before the state line. Turn left on Smith Road. (Or conversely, turn right, if you are traveling south on US 220.) Follow the road for approximately 4.5 miles until you arrive at its intersection with Anglin Mill Road. Turn left and go a few hundred feet until you see the building for the North Stoneview Volunteer Fire Department on your right. (When I visited the waterfall, a Turkey Shoot sign was out in front of the building.) Turn right onto DeChazo Mill Road, just past the volunteer fire department. Follow the road until you cross over a one-lane bridge. Just past the bridge, you will come to the trailhead, which has a series of small posts (meant to discourage ATVs) beside the road. From the trailhead, it is approximately a quarter of a mile to Fall Creek Falls.
Lenny co-wrote the lyrics and produced Madonna's video Justify My Love. Rumors about a love affair between him an Madonna and other infidelities by Lenny resulted in a schism between him and Bonet in 1991 and ended with a divorce in 1993.
I’m doing well except for allergies that have been sitting on my chest all Spring.
Cosmin Lukacs
Heh, heh — no. No thanks, but I appreciate the offer. I can smooth it myself.
Shoreline trail will eventually cross Centennial Drive again. If you continue on the trail past the road it will take you over the ridge down to the CSU foothills campus on a very technical downhill section (a few steep drops) and back up the hill on a very steep part. If you're like me and don't have a full suspension bike and full body armor you can ride north on Centennial drive (across the Soldier Canyon Dam) until you see a trail going to the right.This trail will take you back onto the Foothills trail and into Reservoir Ridge Natural Area. Head into Reservoir Ridge and go clockwise around the loop at the end. Once you go around the loop, head back towards shoreline trail.
Earth, our mother.
I looked at him, then looked down at the ground, feeling heat spread across my face. The flush in my cheeks made the side of my face throb. I hated feeling humiliated, felt way too many ugly emotions rising in a long-conditioned response, a spark of anger at the forefront of them.
Snack: 2 tbsp hummus with sandwich thin (toasted in the oven with garlic) & 2 clementines
As I was writing this blog, I came up with one for Evan:
A blood bag for a transfusion, averages around £400 a bag
Little Jeannie
Regular exercise is very beneficial in maintaining healthy levels of cholesterol in blood. Not only does it strengthen one’s muscles and increase stamina, but it also reduces the amount of bad cholesterol (LDL cholesterol) and increases the amount of good cholesterol (HDL cholesterol) in our body.
To pass the time whilst chatting and stitching I also took to folding butterflies... I'm enjoying Origami at the moment. It helps me to relax and occupies my mind... especially when I can't work out how to complete a fold!!
I hope everyone has a wonderful day today. It is a special day for those who believe in Jesus and the resurrection story. This is a day to be grateful for the sacrifice that was made for us. For those of you who aren't believers, I wish you a Happy Sunday and hope that you have had a great weekend.
Yoochun get up from his seat and walk to his room.
*Bazzill-Chiffon
Knight Knox International is attending more than 25 major property investment exhibitions and seminars this year, showcasing a range of lifestyle and investment properties from their extensive portfolio of worldwide products.
So, yeah, Guy gave me his Tupperware of unfiltered wax and I set off for vacation to turn it into usable lip balm.
Well, this happens to me so many times; I can’t do the same thing day after day, be it attending the so-called study temple- school or even staying at home- reading and seeing and thinking and doing nothing but distracting my mind- its strange but that makes me bad-tempered because when I do more of that stuff ot rather more of anystuff, I get shriveled up from deep inside and you can’t expect me to be very polite and calm during such a moment. Well. that is what happen s with me- I don’t cause it and I can’t do anything in this regard.
It’s typically served locally (as above) with cumin seeds and a glass of gewurztaminer, Alsace’s exotically perfumed off-dry wine which complements it perfectly. (I prefer the drier styles with it to the off-dry and certainly the sweet (Vendange Tardive) versions.)
96. Because of his hard work, Lay is chosen by SM to substitute Jonghyun at SHINee World Concert in Japan.
not hard, but a gentle
It would be a huge gamble to do so on a wing and a prayer, and I wondered, idly, if perhaps some version of this scenario had been engaging Mr Miller and the SPL in discussions over the last week.
brings a deep white cup,
* Coffee Tea Books and Recipes is the "sister site" where I keep recipes I talk about here as well as family favorites.
Yet another social site after Facebook, Twitter, Google+ and many others – Pinterest. Pinning things that are of interest to you. Nice name, I like it, and I like the concept. For those who aren’t already aware of it, Pinterest is like an online pinboard. Get a little “Pin It” button and you can pin pictures you like onto your virtual pinboard. Upload pictures of your garden and house, pin your favourite travel destinations from the Internet, whatever you wish – legally. Organise your pictures into any categories you’ll like. Tagging friends still work and you can even link it to your Twitter/Facebook account.
Anyway, I didn't even remember her taking photos. However, now I have photos from our trip to America and our first photos in America (at the Washington D.C. airport). These photos are priceless.
Comic strips? Like sitcoms, the purpose is laughter, daily snickers and chuckles. Like sitcoms (moreso, in my opinion), a comic strip can rise above the ordinary and poignantly express emotion and beauty. Calvin and Hobbes is a personal favorite of mine; it really manages to tug on you in some cases. Also, strips like Calvin and Hobbes and Peanuts offer a highly developed child's perspective; when Calvin finds an injured squirrel, worries about it, and finds out it died the next morning, it has a real impact and rises above slapstick comedy and one-liners. Now, let's look at this little exchange:
Being a food blogger/freak, I’ve also wondered (a LOT) how much my tastes will continue to change. Will my palate dull over time? Will I hate candy at 40? Love anise at 55? Will Werther’s Originals ever, ever appeal to me, even when I’m old enough to call Methuselah a punk kid? (“Get off mah lawn, old man!”)
Well, I guess there are a few words...
I warmed up the white in the figure, because I thought she needed to look a little less frozen (or dead?). The blue wave at the bottom was so dark that, visually, there was nothing to hold the eye from sliding off the page, or to bring it back up to the figure. Lightening it seemed to anchor the composition somewhat. I added the starfishes to the sky. I then pronounced it "finished", and put it away.
I am sure its safe to say that his driving force is compassion, moderation, and humility towards others. Unlike Atheists, Buddhists may have some assemblance of moral accountability. To who is another subject to discuss.
So, let’s praise God for who He is and what He has done for us!
I think the cherub would prefer I fear it, not have sympathy for the pet – prey - it clasps.
Taking every opportunity to be original
He also described Arroyo’s detention as illegal since the Supreme Court has not yet decided on the legality of the joint COMELEC-DOJ fact-finding body that filed the charges against the latter. A week after that speech, Lagman went as far as mentioning legendary Italian astronomer Galileo Galilei in justifying a house arrest for Arroyo. If Lagman has been consistent in defending Arroyo before, he is also steadfast in attacking the present dispensation.
Mr. Ramadan elaborates along these lines in the next section:
Limited Package will be sold. Hurry Up
Behind him, in the thick moving shadows, Christopher glimpsed a light’s dance. The next lightning revealed a huge carriage, moving swiftly. He began running.
Apart from the evident confusion, at the very highest levels of the State and Government, the unacceptable part is that there is not even an attempt to explain what is the hold-up or what areas of the accounts remain unresolved. The few times anyone in authority has attempted to explain the delays in those accounts, it has been a model of vagueness and ambiguity. That uncommunicative behaviour does not augur well. These State Enterprises are not building a wartime bunker or a new spy satellite, only new homes and offices.
Also she has opened a Facebook page to allow all her new readers and fans to keep up to date with her news, up and coming work, illustration tasters and books that have been newly released.. So please like it, share it, support her!
They are expanding to international races now – this weekend they did one in Edinburgh, Scotland. I’ll be interested to see how it went. They had one scheduled for Dublin, Ireland in August, but it’s been pushed back to next year. I love Dublin and have been considering it. The airfare was ridiculous for 2012…probably because it was scheduled DURING THE OLYMPICS and Dublin’s close enough I could see it being a point of “fly in here and then catch a cheap hopper over” kind of place. Competitor’s story on the postponement is “Competitor Group, organizer of the Rock ‘n’ Roll Marathon Series, has decided to postpone the 2012 Rock ‘n’ Roll Dublin Half Marathon until 2013. We realized with great regret a need for more time to create an entirely new event to meet the high standards established by the Rock ‘n’ Roll Marathon Series and expected by our local community partners.” And they claim there was “tremendous support”…but I suspect that the ridiculously high airfares and the fact that it was scheduled during the London Olympics has a lot to do with it. (It would just make them look stupid to say that had anything to do with it because those dates have been set for years. But that’s my opinion.) I do love Dublin and may still consider doing it. But I’m going to look closely for reports from non-RnR junkies about their international races to see how they go.
There are many ways whereby one can lose weight by losing belly fat; however, an individual should not feel discouraged by the many challenges that they encounter. With hard work and resilience, one can overcome the odds and live a healthy and wholesome life.
called for lower taxes
In honor of Mother’s Day 2011, Sustenance Group is promoting the film, No Woman, No Cry, a documentary about maternal health, which was directed by Christy Turlington Burns and will be shown on the Oprah Winfrey Network on May 7, 2011 at 9:30 PM (check local listings).
Many people do not have group insurance programs that offer Long Term Disability coverage. If you became sick or injured and could work for an extended period of time where would the money come from to pay the monthly bills? Unlike Life insurance, you are around first hand to see the financial challenges of not having an income.
I wasn’t sure what it could do for me, but I found that as I was looking and ‘pinning’ on my boards that it got my creative juices flowing. All of a sudden I wanted to create more boards and thinking about how I could apply the creative juices to Trunk’d Clothing. I came up with a gazillion ideas of different blogs posts that I wanted to do.
I think that makes sense, that’s a good way to talk about it. As you write you’re trying to make it vibrate in the way you’d make an instrument vibrate, and there are sounds in the way, and you’ve got to write until all that other sound is out of the way. The things I write are products of a very urgently felt need to understand the world in a way that’s livable. And it would be strange if that didn’t infuse some of them with a kind of energy. That’s the real unifying thing: in a way, it’s not anything more than saying you’re another writer.
So why did I still feel some residual guilt for leaving work at lunchtime to watch a football match? Too often we feel that our work colleagues judge our performance on whether we are actually there, when in fact the truth of work for many of is is that it doesn't matter when or even where we do it, as long as we do it to a good standard. Anyone who is office based these days only needs a good internet connection and access to a VPN and you can do your job from anywhere in the world. The fact that there was no-one around to notice that I wasn't actually there didn't matter - I was doing something naughtly during working hours. It was kind of fun, but I think the only person I was rebelling against was myself.
providing a computer-accessible database of selected patent metrics representative of or describing particular corresponding characteristics of each said patents in said
While checking out LA Noire side-quests, I also discovered that I could only draw Phelps's weapon in specified scenarios. Apparently, Team Bondi had decided that it would break character too much if the player could just pull out a weapon anytime and start shooting stuff. My decision not to draw Phelps's handgun when I first played through L.A. Noire was real, but the freedom to do otherwise had been my misunderstanding. The illusion of agency is almost as powerful as the real thing and is often necessary in game narratives, but in this case I felt as though my role in the story had been cheapened just a little.
Basically life insurance is security step to save and also recover your future from deep loss. If you buy life insurance you can save tax before the end of the financial year. You know lot of people got insurance to save tax. If you already take insurance which will give amount to your family members after your death, then you can buy money back policies that is the way at least you will get something back in return. There are many types of life insurance policies in the market, which are
CAMP LIFE ROCKS Teen Camp!
Cottonwood Endo IPA
He realized that his father was wrong in principle and was trying to murder an innocent young man. So he decided to help David even though it was emotionally difficult.
olives (pitted for safety)
Thank you for stopping by today. I will try to remember to take photos of the dinner so that you can see how the stone grill works. In the meantime, I hope you each have a wonderful weekend and a very happy Easter.
I never post about the healthy changes I make to the recipes I create. But luckily, this one I had to change nothing, except the cheese. The original recipe calls for gorgonzola on top but I don't dig on that so I used more monterey jack cheese.
My current bag crush however is over the Riki Rosetta Croco shoulder bag in blue with a very clever shoulder hook that fits beautifully and perfectly over your shoulder, so no slippage, no constantly pulling it up. LOVE it. There is currently 20% off all Riki Rosetta handbags and clutches at the moment…quick, quick, quick!
Second, it should be comfortable in the hand. A beer glass that is awkward to hold can lead to spilled beer, discomfort, and a subtle displeasure. It doesn't hurt if the glass also looks good, because that's more of that subtle pleasure/displeasure thing.
Those instances don't even begin to touch it. Clif and I have to look back and laugh at ourselves for some of the calls we have made in these last months.
This is the closest structure, geographically, to King Solomon’s Temple ever unearthed.
Kristen and Grant came to the workshop completely prepared with their own artwork, plates, cardstock and envelopes. The session went so smoothly because they chose a classic black and white colour scheme, Lettra paper and a design well suited for letterpress. The petite A3 envelopes and flatcards are so chic. Kristen and Grant even hand finished them with a black wax seal before posting them in the mail. I think they did a great job from start to finish.
After making my checklist, and grabbing the suitcase, I realized with didn't have a bag label! Uh oh spaghettio-oh's! But not to fear, making one is as easy as pie, so that's just what I did!
Adler SP. Cytomegalovirus and pregnancy. Curr Opin Obstet Gynecol 1992; 4: 670-675.
This bloke had broken his left leg, just below the knee, while playing football. It wasn’t a bad break, more of a crack really, but he was rushed to the emergency room where he was diagnosed and then x-rayed and then sent for prepping for the operating theatre where they would make sure everything was aligned properly and put on a plaster cast.
This graph shows that effect.
First it was because we were moving to Paris & wanted to get settled. Then it was because I wanted to get my career rolling. Then it was because I found all these great expats, and just wasn't ready to give up my cocktail-fancy-free-social life. Always something.
On the other hand, some women aren't mothers because they weren't able to have kids or their spouses didn't want to have kids.Or they stayed single and didn't want to be a single mother. My sister knows a woman who married a guy who told her up front he wasn't going to have kids. She married him anyway but told him contraception would be his responsibility. And maybe she thought he might change his mind. But every single time without fail, he used a condom and that never failed.
- An old worn in comforter
I enjoy writing. I like sharing stories about my kids. Sharing humor, and hopefully helping other moms see that perfection is not necessary.
Learning from someone else’s is a very vital factor
Lordy, I'm not the world's best mother at times.
they like what I stand for.
So how do we make decisions and choices that serve us?
Sometimes I can just snap my fingers and do this and other times it is truly difficult.
This is the attitude you need to take towards your plot as you are writing. Plots can be devious things and they can easily catch you off-guard when you least expect it. So, if your plot leads you into a trap, pile the heads of its kinsmen at its feet! If it hides from you, tear apart the mountains to find it! In other words, follow it to hell! By the way, if you’re actually running around your house screaming the above quote at your manuscript, I think you need help. Also, my name’s not James, it’s Fred and I live at 123 Fake Street… you nutcase.
“The risk of love is loss, and the price of loss is grief. But the pain of grief is only a shadow when compared with the pain of never risking love.”
10:00 The Protocols of the Elders of Zion
The ones that I search for stronger words to describe, that I layer in senses and other character’s reactions to- the blue numeral 8, the perfectly plump go there.
Fast forward to July 2006. One week I flew out to see FigureSkater (these girls lived 1,000 miles away from my hometown). I had already signed a contract with the hockey team, and everyone knew that I would be moving to the area in late August. FigureSkater and I became a couple that week (we had talked about it and been rather flirty on the phone for a while now). The only “hooking up” that happened that week, though, was making out. We were still dating (long distance) when I moved in with my billet family to start the hockey season. I lived an hour and half away from FigureSkater’s college, and we only saw each other on weekends, but we did see each other every weekend.
“VROOMM!!!“
Look at that quote again. That’s not how most people talk. Most of us would use much shorter sentences and pause more often. But then, the words would lose power. As a reader and viewer, we’re sucked into the power of that quote because it’s well-crafted. I think as writers we need to find that balance between natural speech and craft.
I really don't do bling a lot, so I spent some time going through my stamp index trying to find a good stamp to bling. When I saw the little dots surrounding the compass and then found out that they were the same size as my tiniest bling, well, I just started a-blingin'! (Ok, technically I stamped the image first, then started a-blingin'. Well, to be truly technical, I stamped the image first, then colored the bling with a copic, and then started a-blingin'.) And because I'm the type of gal that plans ahead, I ran out of bling with two dots left. AAAAAH!!!! Fortunately at the bottom of my bling pail, I had a small set of A muse bling that had the same size, plus a heart that was just calling to be used as well.
Tennessee Legislators Take Greater Role in Oversight of Judges
DRESSING UP THE CHILDREN
3. Make it easy to say and spell.
I mean, just look at this gorgeous trio of Christmas trees by the Fiber Fool, Kristi Schueler. I spotted these guys around this time last year, and have yet to knit them up. The only question is, do I make them for myself or for someone on my list? Pretty sure I'm going to be selfish with this one! If I've been pining (pun inadvertent, but I'm keeping it) for a year now, they must be mine.
about the choices that we make–
It is 1978. Merle is in her first year at the Corcoran School of Art, catapulted from her impoverished Appalachian upbringing into a sophisticated, dissipated art scene.
Dad was a simple man, but never stupid. He learned all he could about everything. He knew amazing amounts of trivia, but could still talk to a child. He knew much about the Bible and the church, and could discuss the most in-depth meat-and-potatoes subjects, but he also knew the milk basics. He had very little tolerance for the milquetoast mediocrity that so many people have these days. He had an amazing vocabulary, and often used my spelling words within a week of my getting them when I was a child. I learned from him, and not from school or even Sunday School, the meanings of words like "usurp", "delineate" and "propitiation".
And that’s the same game Artists have had to play since Patronage was the only way to survive.
If you think that because of the things that you have done or the sin you are committing right now will supersede Jesus finished work on the cross, think again! Jesus sacrifice is greater than our combined sin – past, present and future.
I called Justin and told him that I was bringing him Taco Bell for lunch. The day called for fake nacho cheese, you know? Justin is a wise man and sweet husband, and said okay even though he had packed himself a lunch, and it wasn't exactly in the budget. Once I got there, I cried so hard I fogged up all the windows. Asking silly questions that felt so big in my mind at the time, like 'I thought we'd have Lizzy's birthday party that weekend--when will we have it now and what if I don't feel up to throwing a party?'
We should not have to and we will not accept this. The banks should be fully nationalised and run democratically in a way where the profits can go into funding the NHS, education and other public services and not the other way around as the government is currently doing. We could scrap the war in Afghanistan, the replacement of the trident nuclear weapons systems and end the financial scam of Private Finance Initiatives (PFI) which allows private companies to make huge amounts of money out of providing public services at a lower standard.
Then the band!!! One night I drink something and I am in so much pain that I want to cry, next day I tried to eat something and the pain is unbearable. I went like this for 3 days freaking out that I had done something to the band. Anyway decided to go to band doc. I end up seeing the new band doc who decides to take 3 cc's out my band, great right??? Instant relief!!! That was on 09/10.
“We all wish for Peace because we are all the same.”
“In the 1970′s the resurgence in Calvinist theology was leading to a widespread impression among some evangelicals that Arminianism is at best subevangelical and at worst outright heresy (p 9). Throughout the 1980′s ad 1990′s the author discovered that his evangelical world was being affected by what one of his Reformed friends called “‘the revenge of the Calvinists”. Several evangelical authors and publications began to attack Arminian theology very caustically, and with misinformation and misrepresentation.Olson says,”I heard and read my own form of evangelicalism called “humanistic” and “more Catholic than Protestant” (p 8).
Instead I'm gonna share pictures of things I've done off of Pinterest. If you haven't heard of Pinterest before, it's a virtual pinboard, a visual bookmarking site. Instead of bookmarking just links and URLs, it saves the picture. Makes it much easier to view and organize things than the standard bookmark. I love it. It's addicting.
The playoff structure in the NHL suffers from the exact same problem that the NBA's does: it takes fucking forever. By the time they are over-promoted so much that I'm willing to consent to pay attention to the highlights on ESPN (I still have never watched a full game all the way through on TV – I lapse into a coma long before the third period is reached), it's only the second round. Within about a week, I'm sick of the fucking games being shown and can't take it any more.
Step one: Introduce yourself.
Christmas was the same as Christmas usually is around here, which isn't a bad thing at all. Except for the rain on Christmas Day. (Particularly because Olette got a bike that she had to wait a whole day to use!) Festivities lasted the entire month: Christmas program at Ben's school; Christmas Parade in town; Church Christmas Program; Ben's class party, and a little party hosted by one of Olette's buddies; Christmas cookie decorating with the cousins (my nephews and niece).
The Christmas story of The Nativity is part of my family’s history. It brings on tender feelings and nostalgia, a longing to experience some real or imagined former pleasure. There’s no denying the world has changed, I’ve changed. But, this is the story of one family’s heroic journey and there is comfort in the story.
Panasonic Video Camera – Best Bang For My Buck
Two examples from Foster's new book: "Words Alone".
Monday: Decluttering
I will not conclude this article with the typical lecture on the need to be “civil” and to maintain the “health of the national discourse,” or other fanciful abstractions. As a realist, I understand that politics will always be uncivil. We can’t just sit idly by and let the cause of liberty be slandered. We have to stand up for our beliefs. We have to confront those who throw around cheap, inaccurate labels for the sake of political expediency.
I found it sort of sad that somehow our emotions aren’t always as welcome into a conversation as our intellect or humor. What does it say about my normal conversational style and rhythms that I felt I needed permission from another person to express how I felt? Aren’t my emotions a valid and important part of who I am? And why is it that I am not always comfortable with this part of me or this part of others when it is their turn to come undone?
Today we attended Alex's first ARD (Admission, Review, Dismissal). Matt got to sit in to see how one of these work. Thank goodness I have sat through my share of 7th grade ARD's to know what was happening. I can easily see how a parent who is just starting out could feel overwhelmed. It was great though. The teaching staff was so accomodating and helpful. I know that Alex will be in great hands. Not to mention, Noni will be a few hallways away along with her amazing teacher friends like Lisa, Barbara, and Teri (and all you other Divas). I know he is in great hands!
We only worked for about 15 minutes. I didn't want to push the issue and wanted her to feel rewarded for her performance. She was SO much better today!
Please mail your submissions to:
yesterday’s appointment went well. the blood work and the doctor’s urine test both confirmed the pregnancy. the doctor estimates the due date to be December 26, 2012, which means I am 5 weeks, 2 days pregnant today. we learned my doctor no longer does the labor and delivery part of ob, so after the 2nd trimester, she would refer me to one of her colleagues who does. what she does do though, is pediatrics. she comes to the hospital within 12 hours on the birth to start caring for baby. I think that is awesome. we may look for someone who specializes in pediatrics, however, right now, I’m thinking it would be pretty convenient to have my doctor also be baby’s doctor, so we’ll see. I was disappointed to learn that my health insurance only pays for one ultrasound, which will be performed around 18-20 weeks (hopefully baby isn’t being bashful so we can find out the gender). I was really wanting to hear the heartbeat soon. I didn’t think to ask if she will use a doppler to find the heartbeat in the meantime. I’ll have to ask at the next appointment.
HEBB, D. 0. (1949). The Organization of Behaviour. New York: Wiley.
2 stopping
But first of all I wanted to show you what I made for Easter!
1 blazin'
My big objection: you have to replace parts every few months. But, of course your insurance pays for some of it.
I was told by the boss that the district manager was going to talk to me about what was going on, as well as the personnel department, but no one actually did for over a week. I suspect the biggest reason for this was the fact that the district manager dislikes my boss and wants to get rid of him. He bought into everything the Worthless Co-Worker told him. My boss in now on the thinnest of thin ice with the company now. He's basically on a last chance written warning of sorts. Somewhat deservedly so, but not for her litany of fabricated complaints.
In other veg-heads news, we are hoping to have a potluck in November, which is world vegan month, so watch out for an invite. Also, the Queens Vegetarian and Vegan Society is up and running again this semester and they are hoping to have a stall in the students union before xmas and they have asked for our help with leaflets and volunteers so if anyone is up for that just let Donna or me know.
Other options includes driving or buses. There are too many bus numbers to list down. For more information, go to the website.
»Scene 6: iCarly studio«
Too many landscape pics by far... So today it's true landscapes, next it will be trees. I've also realised (me and my brain like a colander) that I've forgotten the birds... Anyone want to see birds? Other than the wicked hornbill, that is? Let me know in the comments section, please.
1511 South 1500 East
Oh, really! Now, everything made sense. No wonder nobody came on Wednesdays. Who could stand the stench? For the next hour or so as P finished up my new hairdo (which turned out great) we continued to chat and munch on our burritos and it wasn't too long before I felt a rumbling in my gut. Poot!
Strawberry Freezer Jam
Saturday night we went to see the Hunger Games...and the theatre's system BROKE DOWN in the last 10 minutes. How utterly frustrating for 2 non-movie people to be watching (and enjoying) a movie only to have to go back to another showing to see the end! Torture I tell you...
6. Schooled from the age of five, The Bitch has never, ever allowed anyone to misquote her
Will Middlebrooks- Yes, I'm a little bit biased since it was his debut, but he played a really good game-- going 2-3 with a double, a walk, and even stealing a base.
(6) The archetypes of literature, moreover, fall into a dialetical pattern of opposites. The two categories of archetypes form a pattern of ideal and unideal experience, wish and nightmare, tragedy and comedy.
Going My Way (1944) ... TCM ... 8 PM
Schuller AC, Tanaka T. Relationship between maternal physical activities and preterm birth. Environ Health Prev Med 2001; 6: 74-81.
9/23/2008 - Borders Books & Music - 7:00 PM
Ethan - Ethan being the most patient person in the office doesn't seem to mind. he is always polite and friendly to her and he and I are both happy to laugh off the more unusual remarks.
So after receiving the plane ticket, Park Ha did herself a favor and left town. None of the J.Crew know where she is till Man Bo sees her address on a package Mimi is sending to her. So now it’s time to reunite our lovers.
You’re weird.
Simply read from bottom to the top.
I have little to say about the value of the Mac Bulk condos. You’ll have to do your own research. From a marketing perspective, I like the simplicity of the campaign, though I could do without the corporate masturbation in the copy. Actually I could really do without it. Consumers don’t care who “negotiated” the discount pricing. The point is the pricing. That’s it. Everything else is pump-up talk for the sales staff. Save it for your next Tony Robbins seminar. If we’re gonna talk real estate, let’s talk price.
I don't believe in coincidences, but that one is darn tough to ignore.
She went on to post: ‘Not cool that we act like that didn’t happen. He needs to listen to Gunpowder and lead and be put back in his place. Not at the Grammys.’
The story is simple, and will not be unfamiliar to those who know film history. Like the film “A Star is Born”, co-written and directed by Hollywood stalwart William Wellman (and later remade by George Cukor and again by Frank Pierson), it tells the story of an older actor who helps to launch the career of a younger actress as his own star is in decline. Like the Billy Wilder classic, Sunset Boulevard, it shows the loneliness and bitterness that overcame the forgotten stars of the silent era. One can even see – in its brilliant evocation of the star’s illusory power in a land where money men rule – echoes of Vincent Minnelli’s The Bad and the Beautiful. But what makes this film stand out from its predecessors is its irrepressible optimism; it’s joie de vivre.
Loads of hair and lots of tan,
I am now on a mission to find a vintage frilly pink dress for her to wear!
The Blue Knights + Kennedy bid is conditional on a CVA. Therefore they need to make a proposal which gives something to D&P to allow a payment to the unsecured creditors.
I mean, I love it in a way because I feel like I have so much of so many streets in Asia to myself, but then maybe the whole rainy day thing is secretly appealing to this inherent miserable English man in me (you can take me out of England, but you can't take the English out of me perhaps), an unfamiliarity with the sun and an unfortunate relationship with the cold, dark and the rain! Like Garbage "I'm only happy when it rains"! I don't think so. It's more like Gene Kelly "Singin' In The Rain", I'm an optimist.
He snatched a flyer from my hand--a whole flyer--that klepto! "Elisa, how have you been do--"
I mentioned the book to my husband later in the evening and asked if he wanted to see it. He put his fingers in his ears, closed his eyes and started saying, "Lalalalalalalala...I can't hear you...lalalalalalalalala."
Granted it was at a gaming convention and the people didn't actually die for real but it was fun. Let me tell you how it came about that I - who had never even heard of LARP'ing ending up engaging in it full force.
she is my new favorite if I had to pick one.
Having trouble playing with your friends online seems that your the only one who can get on your home based server. Loads of errors can occur while you are trying to get people on to your game server these can consist of “Server Timed Out” And “Unable to connect to host” and also “Not a valid Login or Not a Validated steam account”. These problems can be caused from your computer not being able to receive data from out side sources and also your IP address not keeping as one address that’s really important to hosting a server.
If the score in the grade book for Q3 is significantly lower (more than five points) than your estimation, you will have either direct commentary or an email to make sense of the discrepancy. Check your in-box at school; if you have an email, that is the starting point for any further conversation. You are still required to complete the above assignment, whether or not the conversation leads, in the end, to some sort of adjustment.
4. Across the River- Bruce Hornsby and the Range
The somewhat forbidding entrance into the churchyard from Seething Lane. Built in 1658 these became the gates of 'St Ghastly Grim' in Charles Dickens' book The Uncommercial Traveller. It was fine on a hot, sunny day but I don't think I'd fancy going through there on a dark, wet winter's night!
Raggamonarchy
I Fought the Frog, and the Frog Won at The Tousled Apostle. Think frogs are cute and cuddly Disney-esque creatures? Think again! Jamie shares her froggy-phobia and I think there’s a good reason for it. Those things are scary!
There are some perks to being a semi-competent driver with a consistently full gas tank. There are also some disadvantages, one of them being these five people always needing a ride:
Where was it written? Was the author writing in Hebrew, Aramaic, or Greek? What concept did they intend to convey? How did their native culture & language influence what they wrote?
Unreal
When we parted company all I had to do was to get to the other side of the car parking structure to the terminal. After a couple of attempts, I arrived at a terminal but unsure if it was my destination.
Many folk in the Mac ‘n Cheese network are considering going out on their own, which can be a very scary thought/action. What advice do you have for them?
Luckily, divorce is a totally foreign word in my family. Among my extended family I only have one uncle that was divorced. He has been remarried and happy for twenty-something years now. I don't mean to say this in a bragging way, just to emphasize that I am somewhat naive in this area. I realize that divorce is definitely the answer sometimes, no doubt.
Don’t be afraid. Write what you can. You don’t need to be poetic. I’ve never written about the light. Description is one of the writing skills that I’m still learning because I used to hate description. I used to skip descriptions whenever I read a book, and I never got the point of why the reader has to care about whether the character was tall or short, or had red or black hair. Descriptions bored me until I took poetry classes, and I realized that descriptions need not be boring. Now I’m scared of descriptions because I compare my descriptions to the way poets do it, and my writing pales in comparison, but I have to stop thinking about them and just write.
2. (S) The signals became unmistakable in late November that the GOE is preparing for increased military involvement in Somalia. PM Meles’ speech to Parliament November 23 (ref A) laid out the GOE’s justification for action to counter the "clear and present danger" posed by the CIC. Meles’ contentions that 1) the CIC had already declared war (jihad) on Ethiopia; and 2) the CIC had already violated Ethiopian sovereignty by arming and transporting OLF and ONLF fighters across the border formed the heart of this justification. In private, Meles has referred consistently to the end of the rains in Somalia as the trigger for Ethiopian limited military operations against the CIC. Weather forecasts suggest that the rain may taper off beginning the week of Dec. 4, allowing ground-based operations to begin once the terrain dries. DATT believes that the ENDF, which is just emerging from a 10-days commanders conference, is prepared to launch operations roughly one week after rains have ended, if the order is given. All source intelligence has shown a steady build-up of Ethiopian military assets, including tanks, artillery, troop transport and other heavy equipment on both sides of Ethiopia’s border with southern Somalia. Air assets including attack helicopters have not yet moved within range of their likely targets, but appear poised for action just outside the immediate theater, ready to move when the signal is given. Post’s best estimate is that the ENDF will be poised to launch their offensive approximately in the latter part of December. Scheduled CIC-TFG talks in Nairobi and Khartoum mid-month might prompt the GOE to delay if there is reason to believe that the CIC might change and engage more seriously in such talks. Deputy Foreign Minister Tekeda’s Dec. 1 talks with CIC representatives in Djibouti (ref B) represent a last-ditch effort to change CIC behavior without resorting to war.
“But in the next game you can be Sophie.”
Beachy Keen - pale buttery yellow with a peach tinge to it - taken from the bunny's head - 253.235.202
“….we have the FULL support of your government and we love them. They believe in our talent. Face the new reality, migrate somewhere else cause you can’t stop more of my people (from Philippines) from coming here.”
I’ve got to admit by time I got into my mid teens in the early 70s I rarely watched AB literally because in reality nothing in my mind could have matched what we had a chance to see out of the 50′s & 60s’. My musical tastes pretty much stayed in a certain era and disco wasn’t apart of my likes thus I had no interest in the artists or the dances.
Everly Brothers Wake up little Susie US
Bake empanadas until golden brown, about 12 minutes.
Attorney Christian: Goo do you realize how much you lie? I’m not surprised you have no knowledge what DNA is do you? Have you no scruples? No conscience? What am I saying? Of course you have no conscience. It doesn’t bother you to tell an innocent child he has no hope. It doesn’t cause you any distress to rob children of hope in the God who created them in his love.You entire plot is to destroy all hope for the world with the lie that no God created us. No God loves us and we are on our own. Your entire agenda is to take over the world with a lie. But guess what Goo? Truth has to prevail this is the law of God. You are a dead man Goo.
So, all of this being stated, when some one decides to play the race card(s) as has been done lately (Trayvon Martin), I want to hear what the other side is saying/thinking. I did not say what the other side is saying or thinking is correct, I want to hear it so I can make a proper judgement call based on my experiences.
('Ciao Constable' thanks @)
Currently, “severity” of autism most often refers to the attempt to quantify the obviousness of autistic traits and abilities. The more obvious these traits and abilities are judged to be, and therefore the more atypical a person is judged to be, the more “severe” autism is considered to be.
I’ve been looking closely to a couple of WW2 skirmish games. I’m really letting NUTS! off the table right now, because I want something a bit bigger. NUTS! gets a little slow when you go beyond a couple of squads a side, and the tank rules never seemed nice to me.
I won’t dispute any of this, but the film still worked for me. Like many movies of the pre-Griffith period, The Birth’s very phoniness inspires an intriguing, and occasionally unnerving, take on a very old tale.
Where Could I Go But To the Lord
Lesson taught. Lesson learnt. (Nowadays, it is I who look up, way up to him, not otherwise!)
I was stunned as I listened to him, because it made so much sense and yet I had never thought of it that way. And my mind wandered to two women I know only peripherally. Both became pregnant at age 20. There, though, the similarity ends. One has supportive parents, who have set up the nursery, and are caring for the baby so that she can go to school for the next few years to become a nurse. The other has alcoholic parents. She is now living in a subsidized apartment, caring for her baby alone.
I was raised a biker brat.
1 teaspoon orange extract, or extract of your choice
We also are praying that are insurance will cover it. Since we are out of state it might not but trying not to worry about it. I'm just so thankful to still have my husband. I was worried sick thinking about not having him in my life. So if you haven't hugged your sweetheart lately- make sure you do- life is so short!
12 egg whites (the closer to room temperature the better)
25. My tot's words and funny sentences.
We stop
St. John's Catholic Church
Whether they will still have their manager remains to be seen. “This isn’t the time to make a decision on my future,” said O’Kelly, who, even in the huddle he held after the match with his players, sought to show that things could still turn out for the best. “I told them to remember how they’re feeling after this relegation for the rest of their lives – and to do everything they can to make sure they never feel so low again. Let this drive them on.” Read More
Presenting… Mango Pizza! Ingredients: pizza dough, tomato sauce/ pizza sauce, mangoes, cheese, cashews and green bell pepper for garnish. Who would have thought that mangoes in pizza would be so good? Oh yeah right, The Pitstop!
Producer:Niney
Well myself (vocals) and Dave (guitar) did a mini tour with Dagoba a few years back we were in different bands at the time and just found out we were into the same music and eventually we got this band together, Mark (guitars) was a good friend of Dave’s so he got him in and he tore it up so he got the job, we have had a couple of different bassists along the way that had to leave the band but Shelley (bass) stepped in and secured that spot and we know her through Mark and as for the human drum machine Marek he jammed with Dave a good few years ago and his skills were remembered so we had to have him in the band.
Del Rio however, attacked Orton, and gave him the Cross Arm Breaker, before officials came out and broke it up.
5. Prizewinning
13. The Happiest Days Of Our Lives (1:38)
FIC G
-unemployment threatening to hit levels last seen in the late 70s
Week 5: Mix & Match ~ we choose one colour and you add the other colour to ours to create your own "Dynamic Duo"
What do you spend your money on when personnel are expensive for operations? Equipment.
But that’s almost an entirely different topic. The crowding issue…yes, there are some really bad books out there (and hell, who knows…a lot of folks might list mine among those bad books). There is atrocious cover art. There are people putting up terribly formatted ebooks.
It is a well-known psychological fact that victims of abuse become abusers. While we hate to admit it, this fact is true within the mentally challenged community, also. While the story of Sally and Matthew is ugly and rare, it is true. Perhaps the blame rests on the professional community, who believed that the indisputable principle of choice was more important than safety. Perhaps it was the fault of APD who encourages the placement of people into apartments, whether they are ready for that move or not.
We had a follow up OB appointment today! It was so nice to hear the heart beat! He is getting big! I weighed in at 134.8lbs today. So far I have gained approx 12 pounds. Not too shabby I must say! I have been fighting a cold for the past week. This coughing is for the birds... Specifically in the afternoon to bed time! So, the Doctor put me on some meds..all of which I'm hesitant to take but after 7 days...I feel like I have no choice.. been drinking a TON of fluids...especially hot water with lemon!
I guess that's why I decided to make a western themed ring bearer pillow.
when Rudolph Valentino’s mother was still alive,
We adore Wolfgang Hampel's very witty Betty MacDonald biographies, interesting interviews and excellent poems.
100% Whole Wheat Bread
For the great beginning **** but overall, I fear, ***
On to the card ... this is the one that can be seen unfinished in the previous WOYWW post.
Max's Fanno Creek Brew Pub Tigard Farmer's Daughter Belgian Saison Golden Strong Ale
BOX OFFICE PERFORMANCE: $38M on a $12M production budget; the movie was a hit.
Well, I need to pop onto a 3 hour telecom soon. Must get my water and snacks at the ready.
Well, eventually she moved through her feelings, and we sat outside for awhile so that I could get some good old deep breathing in as well as get clear myself. We were both in good spaces when she remembered the elephant show she wanted to see. We were about 5 or so minutes late and it was over by the time we got there.... when we walked up kids were petting the elephant (so I'm actually thinking they skipped the show? not sure). Kathrynn was not interested in petting the elephant (although she usually is) and then sobbed some more because she'd missed the show.
The literary dynasty of the Desai's has been high on my list this year (although I haven't reviewed all I read), as has filling in the gaps of my Rushdie reading (ditto: sometimes I simply want to savor a book, not critique it).
I remove my headphones and talk back.
I don't know if I'm going to continue this pattern of typing something everyday. I feel like it might become somewhat contrived and vapid and trite. And when I look at it the next day, I always notices typos, spelling and grammatical errors. Maybe I'll start saving it and then posting it the next day after I've had a chance to proof-read it. But then again, maybe I'll just let it be. I can't be a perfectionist all the time, even though that's part of the fabric of my personality.
“We’ve got to make some noise because David Paterson is blind but he’s not deaf,” James said, quickly adding--to stave off qualms about her mentioning his disability-- “And he’s a good friend.”
(Said in a sing-songy voice of course! Except I know line 3 doesnt ryme so well so it gets its own little pause then move on. again the butterflies I know)
Thanks for stopping,
So recently, an expanded deluxe remastered 4-CD Quadrophenia was released, and there's been plenty of press for the record. I was talking to my friend Bob, and he starts raving about the record, saying it's the Who's best album. I respect Bob's opinion, and although our tastes are pretty different, there are some areas where our musical interests overlap (Zappa, XTC, Elvis Costello, The Proclaimers).
We don’t know why
What a wonderful number.
On the heels of decades of unprecedented prosperity, many among older generations could not foresee the calamity ahead. They merely presumed that what once was would always be. In the process, they pampered the younger generation, largely insulating them from the cruel realities of human existence.
It was an instant hit and catapulted Williams to national renown. He followed it up with a string of hits including “Born Free,” ”The Impossible Dream,” ”Theme From Somewhere In Time,” and “Lara’s Theme from Dr. Zhivago.”
Friday, February 11th
for you and I are one
no one is truly free
A recent paper entitled The Market for Financial Advice: An Audit Study, by Sendhil Mullainathan of Harvard, Markus Nöth of the University of Hamburg and Antoinette Schoar of MIT, is as distressing as it is expected. The authors sent trained auditors to meet with financial advisers and presented them with different types of portfolios. These portfolios reflected either biases that were in line with the financial interests of the advisors (e.g., returns-chasing portfolio) or which ran counter to advisor interests (e.g., a portfolio with company stock or very low-fee index funds). They concluded that advisors fail to de-bias their clients and often reinforce biases that are in the interests of the advisor. Advisors encourage returns-chasing behavior and push for actively managed funds that have higher fees, even if the client starts with a well-diversified, low-fee portfolio.
Written by: Catherine Pulsifer
Consider these questions as you read this week.
Advert in The Bookseller
The solution to this mess is simple. There should be a law that all loans to a campaign must be paid before the election. If the loan is not repaid prior to the election, the candidate should be prohibited from collecting on the loan.
The 3DS interface is quite nice, if a bit slow. Still, it feels well thought out, it’s easy to access during games. I only wish the virtual keyboard would have bigger buttons. Even with the stylus it’s kinda hard to type accurately. Then again, with the rubbish iPhone virtual keyboard we are all beginning to type like shit and accept spelling mistkases.
Jacob’s response was also guided by his past. It’s been 20 or more years, but he’s still grieving over the loss of Joseph. He’s probably still blaming himself, his other sons, maybe even God. His fear is paralyzing. His mistrust of some foreign dictator is understandable, but it only delays the blessing that is in store for him and his whole family.
dailygunpictures@yahoo.com
Breakfast was toast with peanut butter and banana's, granola, mango's and oj.
The “Boiler Room” was being hosted in a church that had been around for a long while. It was located in the heart of the Bronx. The meeting was scheduled to start at 7PM, but come to find out this is a mostly Puerto Rican culture we’re talking about, so 8 is the new 7. My heart is expectant. I’ve spent lots of quality time through-out the week and on the flight asking the Lord for His heart for the event. By 8PM, the room seemed to be slowly filling with maybe 70 or so attending. This meeting was described to me as 17 hours of non-stop prayer & worship. Going into it, I had no idea how I would stay cognizant, yet alone connected. God proved faithful. At 8PM the service starts with prayer. Not sure there is a better way to start a service, or the day, for that matter. Sammy had originally provided me with a rough schedule indicating that I would speak at 9PM and 9AM. As I’ve learned in my relationship with the Holy Spirit, timing is not my own and I ought not expect anything to the contrary. Instead of getting caught up on when I would take the stage, God led me into His presence, enjoying this wonderful opportunity to celebrate Jesus with brothers and sisters that I would be spending all eternity with.
that I can
...On June 30, 2009, almost three years ago, Sergeant Bowe Bergdahl of Idaho was kidnapped by the Taliban-affiliated Haqqani network. He is the only prisoner of war currently held by the Taliban and recent video releases seem to indicate that he is being kept alive for ransom by the group.
One day registration Fee is £14, (approx CZK 454, €18, $23)
The side effects of Tongkat Ali
Sunny Weekend Greetings to All!
If you are an expat in Jeddah and are interested in attending this event, email me at: susieofarabia@gmail.com and I will send you an invitation with information about how you can reserve your seat.
The “good” companies – their “good” customer service – were determined by their ability to listen to their disgruntled customer. They set aside the problem for the moment and listened to what their customer had to say. They took what the customer said and guided them through to a solution – whatever solution that might have been – after listening and taking their problem to heart. These successful customer service reps didn’t pull out a card full of stock answers, reading off 1-by-1 until the problem was solved. They focused on the customer, listened to them, and took what they said specifically to find a solution. It’s not about fixing a problem: it’s about making the customer’s problem the employee’s problem. They became advocates for the customer. In listening to their customer, the rep made the customer feel valuable to not only the rep, but the company as a whole.
At their prime
And wouldn't you know on race day, every time I looked down at my watch at each mile marker, I had just knocked out the last mile in 6:45-6:50 pace. By mile four, it was a little unreal, and I wondered if the mile markers were somehow wrong. No big hills certainly helped for uniform pacing, and I slowly marched through the field through miles 2 through 7, but after passing a guy struggling up a small incline, I could see no one ahead of me. I blitzed through downhill ninth mile in 6:36, but otherwise kept ticking off each mile in 6:45-6:50 even with no one in sight to run with. But since the course always went one way or another, or gradually up or down, the course itself gave me something to focus on.
Can't I throw them in the pool just one more time?
Yes, I have been absent and for that I apologize. Life has become decidedly more complex and blogging has suffered for it. Working a full time job and a part time job, a full load of graduate coursework, revising a novel and beginning the query process, and now NaNoWriMo, (oh yeah, and my family) have necessarily pushed some things out of the way. There are only so many hours in a day and if my sluggish exhaustion is any indication I should be spending a couple more of those hours sleeping.
How good you are is supposedly measured in votes, clicks, awards, views, badges...
My daughter cottoned to this because of the way one of the band members says "George" in a flat out Liverpudlian accent that I've often used when referring to one of her stuffed monkeys who just happens to be named George.
I was surprised when I found out that the teachers here gave gifts to their students. Kitcat's teacher gave everyone in her class a soft toy koala. Kitcat loves it so much she took it camping with us last week. Teddy's teacher gave her the picture book 'Eight'. which is one of her favourite stories. Mousie's teacher's gift to her students was the special party they all organised and hosted, and Ducky's teacher gave her a visual diary plus a set of charcoal pencils.
So, what we do basically nowadays is that we put a coin in it and the Chief of the family after making the sign of cross on the pie three times, starts to cut pieces and distribute them to each person around the table. Whoever finds the coin is the winner and the lucky person of the year. This year coincidentally the coin was in my piece. So, I hope this will be a good year for me. I don’t want much, just good health and happiness for me and my family and world piece of course (have you seen the movie? This line was hilarious).
The older-looking man smiles at him sheepishly. “There rarely seems to be. Honestly I don’t think she would have lasted until I got here if you hadn’t healed her. Had you used the incantation you promised to, though, I could have been here sooner. As is, the only reason I came running was because of the thunder.”
The plot of the film borrows heavily from Herge’s books The Secret of the Unicorn and Red Rackham’s Treasure, telling the story of young journalist Tintin (Jamie Bell) as he becomes fascinated in a mystery involving Ivan Ivanovich Sakharine (Daniel Craig) who is strangely adament about getting his hands on a model ship, The Unicorn, that Tintin has recently purchased. The ship, it turns out, is a model of the ship helmed by Sir Francis Haddock, ancestor of Captain Haddock (Andy Serkis), Tintin’s best-friend-to-be whose severe drinking problem repeatedly gets in the way of Tintin’s investigation. This search turns into a wonderful globe-circling chase to catch Sakharine and figure out what he’s up to. The screenplay was wrtten by Stephen Moffat (Doctor Who, Sherlock), Joe Cornish (Attack the Block) and Edgar Wright (Shawn of the Dead, Scott Pilgrim vs. the World), three brilliant writers whose combined talents result in the perfect mix of mystery and humour required to tell a great Tintin story.
Should these instances all be connected then it is not likely that the accusations and inferences of the above mentioned and quoted opposition MPs would stand up. As yet no connection has been made to my knowledge and thus each instance must stand on its own account. After all, a bomb in a bin is not a difficult modus operandi to copy and the really technical and interesting bits that may or may not tie one or more instances together are not going to be put in the public domain for the likes of my to ruminate over.
13F RUSSIAN IMPERIAL STOUT
I arrive at the gate a half hour early. Outside the window, the tarmac is vast and white, and plows push heaps of snow before them down the runways.The man at the US Airways counter makes an announcement on the intercom. He says there was something wrong with the plane, they fixed it, but they have to take it up in the sky and bring it back down to be sure it is safe to fly. A few seats away from me, a mother passes her five-year-old daughter her mobile phone.
thrifted gap sweater, enzo angiolini shoes
Rather than moping about all day waiting for care assistants to sit her on a commode or blocking up her GP's waiting room with imagined complaints or generally being lonely because she put all her life into her kids/partner/pets before they died/scarpered, Sheila entertains frustrated men in need of intelligent conversation, charming company and a harmless ejaculation while cradled in her arms.
But the curiosity grew and I started to throw a bit of pongy ale down my neck. I didn’t find it too bad. Then I stopped shaving every day. A little stubble from time to time grew into a beard. The girlfriend made the odd comment, but slowly accepted it. Then came the sandals. They are just so freeing. Bang tidy trainers constrain your feet, sandals allow the toes to move in freedom. The beer t shirts started through logic. Why buy clobber if people give it to you for nowt? So beer t shirts became the order of the day. As winter set in what is better than a cheap acrylic 1980’s jumper from a charity shop? They make sense. They are cheap, warm & the washing machine is kind to them. Then the orange Sainsburys bag. They are strong, durable and free. What better way to carry around your tankard, beer guide, festival programme & Greggs Steak Bake? But it’s not about the look; it’s about the slow descent into pong.
To my undying blind
1 implication
As you might have gathered, she’s more than a bit on the precocious side. She finished college almost a year ago at New York’s famous New School (philosophy, English, that sort of stuff). During her year out of school, she’s been waiting tables and writing like a fiend—and applying to a half-dozen of the best MFA writing programs.
“He knew that all things human are transitory and therefore that it must cease one day or another. He looked forward to that day with eager longing. Love was like a parasite in his heart, nourishing a hateful existence on his life’s blood; it absorbed his existence so intensely that he could take pleasure in nothing else.”
you use to get so restless,
Level 18: MP Cost: 36, Duration: 168 seconds, Defense: +90%, Abnormal Status Resistance: +54%, Elemental Resistance: +54%.
A bit of a sojourn up the coast.
This is as far as I have gotten reading the book! Since it just came out today, I do not know how it ends yet. For that reason I can not really post it here. I hope people take a look at the book. Its shaping up rather nicely.
1 almost
"A desire was seeking its home. I was that desire. I was the question. The question with this strange destiny: to seek, to pursue the answers that will appease it, that will annul it. What prompts it, animates it, makes it want to be asked, is the feeling that the other is there, so close, exists, so far away; the feeling that somewhere, in some part of the world, once it is through the door, there is the face that promises, the answer for which one continues to move onwards, because of which one can never rest, for the love of which one holds back from renouncing, from giving in - to death. yet what misfortune if the question should happen to meet its answer! Its end!"
Mother: "Don't disturb me, I'm trying to watch my drama here.."
THE WHAT? STATION: Quiz Night at The Way Station
Where better place to start Shoulda Been Huge than the legendary Sea Hags?
The distance from the nursery to my house, the cargo space in my car, and the few feet of space I have left in my garden worked in my favour the day I took my first tree home. I found a sizeable, sturdy glazed pot and furnished it with compost. As I stare at the fruit through my rainy window today, I can imagine the branches maybe eventually reaching the upstairs balcony so that the neighbours could reach out and pick a pear, or peeking up over the fence to evoke some curiosity from passers-by.
Since we had the wonderful beach house at our disposal, my family planned a beach party for the afternoon! And my, oh my, was it a beautiful day!
There are lots and lots of wasted chance like this to really show how smart Lelouch is but they are always solved by some dumb convenient shit. There are also lots of convenient editing that skip major scenes like how that tanned woman ended up in the bay after she got shot or how Suzaku and others survived the hadron cannon blast. It’s very annoying and stupid.
