I am not saying this is route that I am going to take, but am showing some interest in it. We are having an incredibly difficult year with my son and am beginning to think if we keep up at this rate, he will despise school for the rest of his life.
The topic of advances has come up on this blog before. Without a doubt, big advances sometimes pay off for the publisher—Special Topics in Calamity Physics, for example, seems to be doing quite well.
Last night, thick fog closed in, the horn called out into the silent, empty night.
a punk rock and avant-garde jazz drummer. He has written three
“I think it’s highly unlikely anyone is going to turn round and offer me a cabinet post. I’d like to be a junior minister or a PPS or a whip but that’s as far as it goes.”
So what would your reaction be if Malcolm Gladwell told you that there was a ‘direct’ correlation between the number of plane crashes and the place from where the pilots belonged. Sounds crazy right? Wrong. Read more on this by clicking here.
Recall brilliant movie “The Sting” with Paul Newman in the title role. Bad character “threw smenku” from his knees, and fraudsters defeated him at the counter techniques but also dragged into the bargain purse so that he could not pay. The problem was – angry mafioso and lure him to the mother lode …
9. If you can’t fix it with a hammer, you’ve got an electrical problem.
"I am going to appeal to the director to leave this group," she announced recently, as the other children and counselors snickered. I wished I could just lend her a little patience to get through the next few years. While "behind" in some ways, she is simultaneously more mature than the other kids, since she doesn't play their little games.
The church weighs in heavily on the yin side in the West’s Empire of Yin. Gone are the yang forces that once complemented it: hierarchy based on manly virtues, attachment to the soil, ethnic and cultural homogeneity, and still-felt vibrations of Roman and Greek cultures.
In order to live according to the law of God, a bird must fly, a fish must swim, and a person must love. If people did harm to others rather than love them, they would be behaving as strangely as if a bird were to swim or a fish were to fly.
This is a bangle that I have in my own jewelry box that is made from this type of 3 dimensional celluloid. It is so romantic and lovely. I only wear it now and again for fear I will break it, but I love it anyway.
Put up or shut up.
I teach you. For free…
Hubby: Guess u should know I told baby girl and her hubby we’d watch the kids if they wanted to go out of town this weekend.
Ten billion years after the Planck Era, a star system was forming. It was a modest little system in a modest little galaxy. This particular nascent system was situated a good way out one of its galaxy's spiral arms in a decent but unprepossessing stellar neighborhood. At its core was a quiet, unremarkable main-sequence star, type G, class V, still young, still fresh, with probably an additional ten billion years of existence yet to go before its exhaustion as a yellow dwarf (G-V) and its transition and expansion to red giant status, followed by its collapse into a dense white dwarf - about the size of a planet but still retaining most of its original mass. Like I said, dense. And cooling because by that point it's no longer capable of producing the fusion which gave it and its system life for all those years. Finally, in its ultimate senescence, it will cool into a black dwarf, cold and dead, waiting silently for the end of this universe.
showers and thunder storms. Highs in the upper 60s in the morning then falling in to the middle to upper 50s. Some thunderstorms may be severe with large hail, dammaging winds, and localised heavy rain, but afew tornados are possable. Winds will be breezy generaly from the ne 15 to 25 mph in the morning then shifting to the north 20 to 25 mph. Chance of rain is 90%
I guess I got tired of keeping notes because much of my daytimer is blank for April 2003. I did make a note April 14th that I’d called a local store who sold hunting, camping, shooting equipment to see if there was any interest in purchasing my husband’s reloading equipment and custom bench, so I was still trying to unload many of my husband’s things he’d accumulated.
The perfume and suppliance of a minute;
It’s been a while since I opened this blog, first I was really afraid of what people reaction would be… if they would like my work or if they would hate, or worst they simple ignore it, but now I’m happy that I oppened, I’m happy because I found amazing work on these blogs, people who, like me, love what they do and want to share it whith the world. Sometimes I think that this blog became a work, but a work that I love, the one that I anxious to come back to, and it’s really satisfying
As you can see.
Today is the last day of the second trimester. Remember how miserable I was with the first trimester and the constant bouts of nausea, and morning sickness? That was not too long ago. Now I am entering the third trimester, this belly keeps on popping out like a balloon on helium.
The shock is the hardest part. Shock that it ended this way. Shock at the hurtful things said. Shock that he is now denying he did anything wrong or said anything wrong. Shock that he blatantly said “I never lied to you” and in my head the first thing I thought was TABLET! The second thing I thought was “You are worth it all” which was what was said when he was going to come back quickly followed in six weeks by “I would rather be alone”. And I get another email that says he won't have internet access in five more minutes, but his mom confirmed he is in a hotel until Thursday with free WiFi and then at her house for a week after that. The shock is hard.
Secrets:
I can tell that this new e-mag is definitely a product of passion for the creative founders. From defining their Matchbook Girl, covering the lifestyle palette of fashion, food, design, art, showcasing fab paper goods plus profiling artists, shops and the latest in fashion and design finds, this eclectic and whimsical mag pretty much has it covered.
Well, one ultrasound down. They scheduled me to come back and hear the heartbeat in two weeks. So, February 9th rolls around, and I'm fine and I'm SICK. I have never been so happy to be bowing to the porcelain gods three times a day in my life. It hit me promptly at 7 weeks and hasn't stopped since, so thank the Good Lord for zophran, or I would be one miserable sick lady who would be in the hospital since all she can do at home is puke up water. I feel normal and awesome on the Zophran, and the only thing I really struggle with is the food aversions (is it possible to be aversed to everything except Chipotle and Buffalo Wild Wings?).
The aim of journalism, as many people believe, is to search for the truth. Some may believe that there is an objective truth to everything, others may believe that finding the objective truth is an impossible task. Personally, I agree with the latter, since the prejudices that crawl within our sub conscious constantly will tend to twist our perceptions, and these perceptions can be further twisted by our memories as time passes. But there is no reason for you to take on my view, and there is very good reason for you to go away, research and make your own judgements.
At the Little Hours the Paschaltide Doxology and tone is sung at the hymns (for the last time this year). At Prime the Dominical preces are sung. The first entry in the Martyrology is the announcement of the feast of the Ascension tomorrow.
More than 75 high-profile parole offenders were arrested early Thursday in a massive multi-agency sweep of Los Angeles County, officials said. About a thousand officers from various agencies took part in the 5:30 a.m. sweep. Gov. Arnold Schwarzenegger called the effort, dubbed "Operation Disarm," a success during a press conference Thursday morning. The sweep targeted 300 high-profile parolees and resulted in 77 arrests, along with the seizure of 21 weapons, more than 150 rounds of ammunition and caches of cocaine and marijuana. The parolees targeted included felons with weapons convictions and gang affiliations.
There's a new release over at Tickled Pink today, it's a mini one consisting of 4 images and only available in digital format. Today's preview image is Lil Futuristic Lolita Lilith.
Q041) Daily, what do you use to mail with? What kind of emoticons do you often use?
Oh geez, maybe it's better we not meet after all.
And so it went. I will spare you more of these sad e-mails, but there are quite a few of them. It didn't take me long to figure out what I didn't know before about this age group (8-12 year olds) - they don't really want things left to their imaginations. In Victoria's words, they NEED to know!
And of course, my recipe is gluten-free so I used corn flake crumbs and chickpea flour. But if gluten is not an issue for you, any bread crumbs and flour you like will do. The Tempeh "Crab" Cakes were so delicious. They were crispy on the outside, moist and flaky on the inside. The flavors were so spot on, I think these could possibly fool an omnivore or at least show them that it isn't necessary to harm a crab to have these scrumptious cakes.
Mr Bale’s suppression of his Welshness has not brought him peace of mind. In a recent interview with Esquire magazine, he complained that being a film star was a humiliating job that made him feel like a sissy.
4:13 PM – Fresh Tremors felt
What lead to the birth of this collaboration?
My Mamma4earth Ravelry Group. I am designing a Pin Oak leaf at the moment and it should be up tomorrow sometime on my blog:)
“We should move out,” he weakly said, trying hard not to make contact with those flames.
Understanding- What does the audience know about your subject? What is their attitude?
Right now is a season of your life. If your baby is waking you up in the middle of the night, your body is not your own because of breastfeeding, or you have no privacy due to a clingy two year old, take heart- it will not last forever. It's your season of life.
But I can’t write all the time. Not to worry, it seems that there is always something to be done and/or found around my desk.
The top ten was chosen by Travel and Leisure readers who took things such as litter, air pollution and even the taste of local tap water into consideration.
minced fresh jalapeno (half of one jalapeno)
The funerals, with the litany of coffins, so small, the impossibly little grave sites beyond counting, throughout Iraq, witness to unique wickedness.
Under each leaf and on one corner of each star I added some removable adhesive. This keeps the stars from shifting and the edges on the leaves from lifting up. The airbrush system is spraying air that wants to sneak under any exposed edge so if you want crisp edges mask very carefully. If you want soft edges then you don't need to bother.
Hi, Riot.
you can’ Do that!…. oh here, can I help you across the street?’ “
And took it home with me
Problem is…folks don’t want to be out of control. They want to be in love …but they still want to keep those walls in place. They want to be chased…...but not caught. Theyre proud of their independence and life on “uncatchable island”. That way………you can’t get hurt.
Hospital chiefs have provoked outrage by clamping AMBULANCES ... and charging £50 for releasing them.
While many people may consider this an unfair bias from Google towards Wikipedia, I’m not so sure…
Finally. Last, but not least. Without further ado… thank you kindly for your feedback and compliments. I have enjoyed the comment chats this last month and long may they continue. I have loved reading your work, not to mention the ‘troopers,’ the dad poet, ye shall know me by my fruits (aka. I HAVE A VOICE), dark pines photo, the laughing housewife (aka Tilly Bud), elliebloo, poeticinspirations, palestinerose, cerebralcausality, shiftingshades, doug, and slpmartin. Not forgetting ‘the likers’ (people, put your blog titles in the gravatar profile thing!) Thank you ALL.
Thankful for the blessings God gave me today and praying for His presence as I go through tomorrow.
And to think I took this pic at night
Dear gentlefolk of Newport
This is just a simple 6 x 6 card. I used a few dies to cut out the Belle of the Ball colored image and also to cut out embellishments for the corners. My image is colored using the Spectrum Noir markers. The pearls in the corners are also colored using the Spectrum Noir markers. I really love this little trick. It is just so nice to be able to color match bling, pearls and ribbon to my projects just by coloring them with my Spectrum Noir markers!! I added a strip of lace to give it a little bit more of a girly look. Isn't she lovely......
Objection #1 – Only God can forgive sin.
Symbolically, the Minotaur has always stood for the duality of mans nature and the dangerous, animalistic aspects of his psyche hidden deep within the unconscious. The Minotaur is my curse. This, of course, makes me Theseus, embarking on a dangerous mission to topple the beast. My wife Melanie is my Ariadne, and her love is my sword, the weapon with which I hope to defeat the Minotaur. Leaving my father as Aegeus, who did indeed take his own life, but did not wait until my victory. In order to defeat the Minotaur, I must lose myself in the labyrinth of my mind, and the only way to get back out is to follow the trail I have left behind me—my words.
Shit
I would like to use the music of Zani and his friends of the Djata Band as an illustration in this tribute. A few of these tracks I have posted before, but most you will find nowhere else. Those recordings were made in a private ambience, at concerts or even by Zani himself.
How do you say, "I won't" nicely?
That's a deep one. Because, until it was questioned like that, I'd have answered "I'm me."
First of all, this book is very...structurally satisfying. Forget ebooks on their dinky little screens, this book has heft. It's a nice, thick, weighty square with heavy cardstock pages. It makes me feel like picking up a ream of scrapbooking paper and flipping through it.
This gigantic valley is the photographer’s Paradise because the unlimited possibilities for good landscape photography. If you ever go there for pictures I’d recommend you to try Panoramic photographs. The location is too large to capture it regular size formats.
"I don't understand."
I'm so high I swear I could fly.
While I sit back and figure out just how I'm going to add another layer of interest, and avoid covering up too much of that beautiful wood, I "dressed" the wall up, a bit, for Christmas with some paper stars, a strand of doily garland, and a chalk deer head silhouette (which totally wipes clean with a wet sponge). Just something temporary and a little bit festive.
Consideration for her feelings and personal convictions were now a luxury. The course of action seemed clear. If she did not get that abortion, she would lose Jack and be miserable for many weeks yet. Perhaps many months.
Says a top Telugu producer, “The Tamil and Telugu film industries today command markets that have challenged some big Bollywood films. This is one reason why heroines too make an equally big factor for these films.”
And then you put down roots and the new home isn’t so new anymore. You know all about the little imperfections, the cracks beneath the surface … and the odd thing is you have come to love them in the same way that you realize you will always yearn for your old home – and everything that comes with it.
I added my own lace to the top of the bathing suit as well as to the bottoms. (Nice touch, huh?) The butterfly stamp was a small stamp that I had and I colored it with my markers.
My husband fantasizes during our sexy time. Not about other women, but me about 12 years ago. I take it as he doesn’t find me sexy anymore. Life, kids, and aging has done some wear and tear on my body but I haven’t let myself go or anything. How should I take this revelation?
Shortly after the devastating earthquakes and subsequent tsunami that left so many dead, missing and homeless in Japan in March this year and New Zealand, I was asked to contribute to a charity anthology called Spirit of Hope by the UK’s new non-profit organisation The Comic Book Alliance.
Here are some random shots of her.
In conclusion, vocational evaluations are used in court to lower support obligations of the other party. They are a very effective tool, but ultimately it is the judge who at his/her discretion decides what is going to be if the parties can’t come to some collaborative divorce resolution. For more information about this or other divorce topics, call one of the divorce lawyers at ROBIN ROSHKIND, P.A. at 561-835-9091 or click on the Firm’s web site at www.familylawwpb.com.
Food was again so scarce that the people ate wolves, hawks, crows, dogs, and animals that had been dead for some time.
Eating a feast of roast beast, stuffing ourselves and unbuttoning of all-the-sudden-too-tight-pants.
My throat tightened a little bit and I swallowed over the growing lump.
· Try to get out when you are still single and without many assets to sell. When it was time for us to leave, I had never seen such a pack of vultures circling to take advantage of us selling our things (and that was family & friends).
2 Tbls. chopped Chinese celery leaves
That’s the truth … that is the reality of God!
Marti: "So what's that got to do with the price of milk in China?"
Boyfriend: "You need a job."
2) Impulse emotion
So, at one point this afternoon, I just flat-out screamed in my house: I AM SOOOO CRABBY! Did it make me feel better? I don't know. Is typing this making me feel better? I don't know. My house is a mess. A storm is coming. I am still in my pajamas. I have a shitload of work to do. A kid is coming in here to ask my something for the twelfth-millionth time and if he asks me again I will scream, and now he is tapping his fingers or toes or something and he is beat-boxing with his mouth and if he doesn't just shut the hell up in like two seconds I might just blow a gasket. and that's another thing I wonder sometimes, is how many times in my life have I yelled at the kids, the boys specificially, "STOP TAPPING!" Do your kids do that? Do they just tap and jitter and make unneccessary noise just for the sake of making noise?
Amethyst can be used to increase psychic awareness, to sharpen the 'sixth sense'. Because of this, many people keep a crystal with their I-Ching, tarot, or Rune tools. It is considered a very spiritual stone.
...Oh! and sorry, the 99.999% are, I'm sure you've already figured out, the civilized, or to be more precise the civilizationists; while the remaining 0.001% are those who want to have nothing to do with civilization, except perhaps to help push it over the cliff...
The decision to self-publish for an author is entirely arbitrary—even if the decision takes into account how that author’s work is received and critiqued within their network and reading community. The decision to accept a submission and publish a book by a mainstream publisher, and even for an independent publisher, is mostly made on marketing considerations, and the potential reach and sales of a book. An independent publisher may have more leeway and be prepared to look less starkly at the thin line between profit and loss, but ultimately, their desire is like any other publisher—they want to be here tomorrow and not just today.
"I told him to pay it forward. Besides he showed me the bus ticket with yesterday's date and the small print showing the $15 transfer fee."
Siouxsie and Poly Styrene, while her florid art-rock, with its
Saint Pete Metro is the fifth busiest underground transportation system in the world, carrying 3.5 million passengers a day, and the world’s deepest. Above: one of the many palatial Saint Pete Metro stations, rivaling the beautiful Moscow Metro.
Thursday after work I hosed his leg and took him for a nice hand walk. He got a dose of previcox, standing wrapped, and tucked into his stall for the evening.
Come on back to my place,
“On their return to Birmingham, they took Mangione home and then returned to Bald Rock Mountain, where they began to mutilate the body by stabbing and cutting her 180 times, removing part of a lung, and removing her fingers and thumbs.
Olay Bath and Skin BOGO50%
whistle as they whizz by
New Testament confirmation:
now it want to come and kill me.
The defining characteristics of alfajores santafesinos are (thick!) layers of dulce de leche sandwiched between thin crispy cookies and a sugary, egg white glaze that slightly crackles on your tongue as it dissolves. As a vegetarian, my challenge was creating a thin, crispy cookie without using lard. In my first attempt, I followed a recipe that called for melted butter - these shrank up hopelessly in the oven and weren't at all flaky.
Level 1: MP Cost: 6, Damage: 245%, Attacks up to 5 enemies.
I don't know how much later I became aware of a tapping noise. Hubby was sitting up in bed with his laptop researching toys to get for his great nephew whose first birthday is next week. He smiled at me. I smiled back at him.
The rational side of my brain knows this character needs to leave, needs to move on, so the story can move on as well. And I will get to see him again in revisions and rewrites, and when the book's finished and published I know I can visit him there in the pages whenever I want.
that's the easy stuff.
05 I'll Be Seeing You
The FCC is an independent agency, which should mean they have no basis for levying fines or sanctions on any one individual, group or media outlet. Yet our mighty government is too lazy to do any real hands on work so they outsource to a group of snobby ass, tight-assed people who think they know what is best for everyone. And we as citizens allow this to happen. Society is supposed to be an evolving environment, where people adapt to the environment and adapt to changes around them. Parents today complain to the FCC if a cartoon (which was made for an adult crowd) says anything offensive or uses a double entendre. Really? First off, your little Johnny shouldn’t be up that late watching tv let alone a show that explicitly states that it is meant for mature audiences. And second, why should any one else get involved in your raising of your children? If you allow little Johnny to stay up that late and watch inappropriate things that is your own damn fault and maybe you should be fined or jailed for distributing to the delinquency of minors.
Wow...I'm reading further and Hughes actually sounds a bit like Rudd.
Without you there is no love…
Normally, I don't care too much for Mancini covers. They're usually tight and flawless, but not exactly anything to write home about. This time he nails it. Funky and disco-tastic - perhaps better than the original...
He published his first book about beer, The English Pub, in 1976, but it was his second, the World Guide to Beer (1977) that dovetailed with a quite young beer and brewing revolution in the United States. The book became a bible for both brewers and drinkers reconnecting with traditional beer.
Gerson kept in contact with her and continued to be her best friend. But one day Emily opened up her eyes and realized that he may never return and that the boys she was trying to use as replacement wasn’t going to cut it.
Until it all goes horribly awry. It turns out that Wesley isn't such a bad listener, and his life is pretty screwed up, too. Suddenly Bianca realizes with absolute horror that she's falling for the guy she thought she hated more than anyone.
Check Facebook. (no messages. scan updates. "like". "hide" anyone who is sharing too much.)
The best piece of low-level content ever created by Blizzard is found not in current WoW, nor even in old WoW, but 15 years ago in Diablo. The Butcher.
Dewey believes that true education comes to a child when they are challenged by the demands of whatever social situation they are placed in. An example that he shares is a baby who begins to babble. The responses that the baby receives to his babbling helps the baby learn what they mean. Continuing interactions help to transform the babblings into greater language that introduces the child to the wealth of ideas and emotions that are a part of his community and culture. Through these interactions the child learns to move from looking at his own narrow focus, outward to the wider focus of the society in which he lives.
Why does everyone think I need a cockup?
which falls here; gathered by light, air;
Now, since the seismologists studying the September quake had been saying all along that there was a strong possibility of at least one very large aftershock, which would not reach the magnitude of the original earthquake but which might cause considerable damage, this hardly seems very prescient. Especially as the big one, when it came, did not arrive on 20th of March, but almost a month before, on February 22nd. And, as predicted by the seismologists, it was almost a point lower on the Richter scale (albeit far closer to the surface, hence the far greater damage and loss of life caused by it).
(Be nice. You'll have to encourage me if you'd like to see more!)
My mom now has one less thing to worry about. Enjoy!
We also got a lot compliments on our pants. Under Armour. They know whats up. I just searched the deepest depths of the internet and can’t find a link to them, but I swear Under Armour made them!
“Love knows not greediness, my love”, she taught him. She spoke words of wisdom and tore down his masks. William was never a good man, but he has loved the good man he was with her. She gave him a whole new meaning to love and poetry. She was a candle indeed, and he stole away her firing light.
Of course I can blame it on the fact that we rarely go to bed before 1:00 am, we have no Pup who needs to be walked or given breakfast ... if he were here, things would be different.
As Jack ranted, Tori mustered the energy to protest. “I was just unsure, okay? It’s just not that simple. There are other things to think about. “
.... Imagine that you won. :))
Nowhere Left to Go is a documentary narrated by American author and poet Alice Walker about a tribe of Palestinian Bedouin living in the areas around occupied Jerusalem called the Jahalin. Like all Bedouin, they traditionally lived a semi-nomadic life and made their living mainly by herding sheep. However, with the creation of Israel and later the occupation, their lives and livelihoods have been inhumanely upturned. More information can be found at Jahalin.org, an organization dedicated to helping this tribe:
This activity introduces the most endangered animal in the world, the Black-Footed Ferret. First, is a tutorial about this animal covering its habitat, home life and survival skills. Then the user is sent on a quest to build a habitat suitable to the Black-footed ferret.
The Roman Goddess Diana was the “twin” of Apollo.
I had fun making this and like the way it came out
For many years (so many that my kids now consider it a ‘tradition’) we have cleared our driveway and set up our laptop and projector to show a Halloween movie on the garage door. Nothing scary (as there are always little kids around) but still fun. People come by with chairs and drinks and we laugh and talk and watch and celebrate the end of the most lovely month in Texas.
blocking happiness and regret?
I dotted them with 2 colors of Liquid Pearls, to match the contrasting inks. This had a great subtle effect that I was looking for!
Also, as you probably already know, Paloma Picasso was named for the iconic dove symbol designed by her father. I've shown the same two fabrics in multiple color options because I'm drawn to the idea of Matisse-like pairings on the table.
JCK, herself, is trying various parenting tactics. Among them: sticking her fingers in her ears and singing loudly LA, LA ,LA...I DON'T HEAR YOU...I DON'T HEAR YOU....
Having exchanged mobile numbers with Keith within fifteen minutes of meeting him, we’ve been constantly in touch. Keith would call me. I would text him. Ha-ha! However, even I have to admit that dealing with Keith as Keith the MD is far more comfortable than dealing with him as just plain regular Keith. Why? Because Keith the MD is obliged to please me every step of the way. I’m his guest. Yes, he may like me as a girl but he’s primarily there to please me as a guest. I may just be getting extra attention and favors because Keith finds me attractive as me but I’m still primarily his guest. I like having that insurance. After all I don’t want Keith as a boyfriend, open relationship or not.
Also today, I repaired my rabbit fence (blown over by a thunderstorm), planted some sacrificial cucumbers (you know, just in case it doesn't freeze anymore) and declared war on the inordinate number of thistles that have appeared in the yard. Oh, and I also got that baby quilt top finally finished and sandwiched with the backing. I was going to quilt it this evening until we ended up moving lumber late at night since the delivery guy didn't get here until after 6.
Doesn't this documentary on Charles and Ray Eames look brilliant? I still haven't seen the Bill Cunningham documentary yet so I think these two would make a pretty nice double-bill. Watched back to back for optimum inspiration explosions.
Evil Joy out – to take more pics of Evil Cuteness.
“Did you wish?” Kathy nods again and flashes a pretty smile.
Question: In your opinion, did the ARGs/ORGs (including sites as Ajira Air, etc.), books, games/board game, Via Domus, jigsaw puzzles, Missing Pieces Mobisodes, and LOST University, add any additional insight to the LOST story for you?
The original recipe calls for the mix to be roasted before deep frying. I didn't do that since all the ingredients were already cooked, also I shallow fried and grilled, which I felt were much better options.
(these are estimates, as we didn't use any measuring instruments)
These questions did popped in my mind but if you know the difference between the platinum mix free ink from the other inks, you will enjoy it same as me.
Talk to Milo Brockhouse on the Methel-stage then wait until the show starts. You will now be able click on the firework launchers to participate in the show.
Piers Compton, in his book The Broken Cross, traces the infiltration of the Catholic Church by the Illuminati. He has found the use of the all-seeing eye in the triangle by leading Catholics and by the Jesuits. It was used in the seal of the Philadelphia Eucharistic Congress in 1976. It was on a special issue of Vatican stamps in 1978, announcing the final Illuminati victory to the world. Mr. Compton claims that Pope John XXIII wore the "all-seeing eye in the triangle" on his personal cross. Compton is adamant that several HUNDRED leading Catholic priests, bishops and cardinals are members of secret societies. He quotes an article in an Italian Journal that lists more than 70 Vatican officials, including Pope Paul VI's private secretary, the director general of Vatican radio, the Archbishop of Florence, the prelate of Milan, the assistant editor of the Vatican newspaper, several Italian bishops, and the abbot of the Order of St. Benedict.
Sam and Tara. Best friends in a future when artificial intelligence organises our lives, and micropets are the latest craze. Best friends when rationing means cold showers and no internet. Best friends when genetic matching makes asking a girl on a date a minefield of epic proportions.
Campus leftists who said that our analysis of the mortgage collapse was just partisan rhetoric can stick this in your pipe and smoke it. Our analysis has been confirmed by sources from the left and right, as well as financial publications such as the Wall Street Journal, Investors Business Daily, Forbes etc. While the New York Times took a different view during the campaign season to help the Democrats, outside of the campaign season the NYT has done some top rate analysis on this issue which they deserve credit for. We told you in our analysis that the New York Times predicted in 1999 that this collapse could happen and published the Republican attempts to fix the problem since 2001.
Is your library registered for the drawing?
And the very last call of all
Have a wonderful week.
A BBC Radio4 (UK) programme exploring the background and history of oriental musical cliches in the West:
Carefully spread the raspberry jam over the pastry base, and then spread the cooled almond topping over the jam. Return to the oven and bake for an additional 25 minutes, or until golden.
#letsgoblues
The Boulders Beach penguin colony was formed in about 1983 and is now home to some 3000 (or more) African Penguins. The penguins were formally known as Jackass Penguins because they bray - loudly - just like donkeys. This time of year is the moulting season and the penguins, having gone on a massive feeding frenzy in the preceding months, come ashore to moult. During this time they're particularly vulnerable. They can't go into the sea to feed and have to conserve energy. So, what you see is a lot of penguins lolling about looking decidedly scrappy and scruffy - and lethargic!
JURASSIC PARK
Don't forget to comment on the blog hop posts from April 25th for your chance to win a stamp set from the new release! You can also win throughout the month by posting your TAWS creations to Facebook and Flikr. If you don't have any TAWS stamp sets, no worries! Alison creates a free digi image and matching sentiment each month...so get busy :)
The green clay mask contains Manuka honey which is evident in the scent but I found this appealing as with all of the other scents they are distinct but not unpleasant. I love using the mask before a special occasion to brighten my skin. Unlike most treatments or masks it doesn't leave me with a outbreak - just glowing skin, WINNER!
I made this one using the new Loyal collection from Authentique and threw in some bits and pieces from other manufacturers to create this Pagemaps design.
A hard surface
Saturday: I woke up and ran again! My garmin was dead though so I was unable to use itL After that I applied to two more jobs and then drove on home! Its really nice to be home because my sister Katie who is graduating college this year is home, as well as my youngest sister (she is 15 and a freshman in high school—still cant believe it!!) . So when I got home around 2 pm my sister Katie and I pretty much job searched for me for most of the afternoon. We are trying to live together and she actually already got offered a job from an interview she had last week in the phili area…and that is honestly where all the jobs are. So I have had some difficulty finding jobs and still waiting on the particular one I had a phone in terview with. Just keeping my fingers crossed!!
2 tsp shichimi togarashi (Japanese 7-spice mix)
And what a corker. Boy am I glad Ive got it taped for a couple of reasons.
Here’s to a life well-used and well-lived.
In addition to the speech at Faneuil Hall, Mr Higgins will lay a wreath at the Boston Famine Memorial, also located in downtown.
I suspect the Sun story today, being apparent proof of the “second contract” speculation, will turn out to be more significant for Scottish football than anything involving Mr Whyte.
The next day was Sunday and our last full day of vacation. We headed out early again to get as much out of the day as possible. We decided to spend the day at Sea World since it was so close to our hotel. I have to say that Sea World was fun, but after spending time at Magic Kingdom, nothing can compare. Cooper did enjoy the animals, touching Sting Rays, nearly touching dolphins, watching the sea life swim by but his favorite part of Sea World were the rides! He wanted to go over and over. It was so fun to see him get excited about the next ride as we barely got off the one we were just on. We were able to spend nearly 9 hours there before the park closed.
Denise DeMarchis started Matilda Jane Clothing a few years ago selling her handcrafted clothing at art fairs when she was convinced by supportive family and friends to follow her dream and make it into a real business. Well, that is just what she's done, and it's a thriving business at that! You MUST take a few minutes to peruse through her beautiful new website and visit the different collections she offers. The clothing is the perfect juxtaposition of sweetness and spunk right down to each and every detail such as the buttons, the ribbon trim...pure creativity!
I would kill to read my old diaries/journals.
Ordinary is a problem when it becomes a cause of regret or worse still a negative self image: “I’m just… ordinary”.
Corporate Office: Plot 62, D13 Manetville East Airport, Accra Ghana.
Temple Church (of course). The entire area of Temple is great, so bring some sandwiches and explore.
I could accept this; I probably write more than 200 words a day collectively via text message, Twitter, and Facebook complaining about the drudgery of dissertating; why not redirect that energy into a more productive channel? So I vowed to give Templeton’s tip a fair try, and a year later, I still follow the “rule of 200,” albeit with a few modest adjustments of my own. Firstly: I make whatever writing project I’m focusing on—dissertation, journal article, etc.—the first priority on my to-do list each day. While I am not a morning person and firmly believe that there should be a tax for perkiness, by the time I sit down at my desk, I’m usually too overly caffeinated to grumble about being vertical and mobile. Secondly: I usually allow myself one day—what I like to call my “get out of jail free card” day each week to set my project aside, mostly because, like my mother’s spaghetti sauce, all good ideas need time to simmer, and I’ve found that, at least for me, stepping away from something—covering the pot and turning down the heat, if you will, on the mental burner—allows me to return to it later with renewed energy, or at the very least, graceful resignation.
Bloggers I am such an alarmist! I mean it is ridiculous! I was getting into the shower about 2 weeks ago and peeked in the mirror and there it was. Staring at me. Right on my tummy: A large red stretch mark. I was sooooooooooooo sad. After I showered, I called some of my usual suspects to try and calm myself down. Then I went straight for the computer to search for cute one piece bathing suits bc that was what I was sad about: if I have stretchmarks then I wont want to wear bikinis anymore and I tend to think bikinis are the cutest swimwear and I am going to Hawaii this June and Cabo next Fall and we live in Southern CA so we are at the beach all of the time and I got myself in such a panicked state about this damn stretch mark. After coming to terms w/ one pieces (there are some cute ones: Trina Turk once again never lets me down as far as swimwear is concerned!) I did the next rational thing: went to target to buy every anti-stretch mark product ever made. I came home-raced up to my bathroom, stripped so I could lube my growing body up and looked in the mirror...where had that stretch mark gone? I searched and couldn't find it. It wasn't a stretch mark-it was an indent on my swollen tummy from the seam of my workout pants. I am officially an idiot. Not just an idiot-but an alarmist idiot!
Thanks again to Jessica for the award and the encouragement to keep on blogging.
Instead of demanding more apologies (much like LGE did in tat failure of a DAP-MCA Debate), LKS needs to apologise for DAP’s FAILURE to keep it’s 12th GE promises as follows :
Police reports describe Loughner as a man who wished to actually live his life in the world created by the Addams Family television show. He had spent years watching 10 to 15 episodes a day, memorizing everything about the Uncle Fester character. "When he did not get the part in the Broadway show, he was devestated," said childhood friend Andy Mundo. "Saturday's rampage was the natural outcome of his grief. He wanted to be Uncle Fester. I'm sorry those people got shot, but you really can't blame the guy."
“Overall, we find that for less religious people, the strength of their emotional connection to another person is critical to whether they will help that person or not,” said UC Berkeley social psychologist Robb Willer, a co-author of the study. “The more religious, on the other hand, may ground their generosity less in emotion, and more in other factors such as doctrine, a communal identity, or reputational concerns.”
Lose weight and belly fat by doing cardio exercises
Shaowen’s paper pointed out “The interaction design process takes place independent of gender considerations, and even today the central concept of the whole field—the user—remains genderless.” I am curious whether the designers of Pinterest have thought about gender but I will not be surprised that the content of the default categories might have been changed according to what the users are putting up on their boards. If so, then it is a participatory process where the first release of the product can still be counted as part of the design phase. This is similar to the user-centered lane building process where people walk across a big lawn and stepped out a path, then the workers build the lanes accordingly. In that case, if more passers-by are female, the final lane should is more likely to be a female route (if there’s difference btw male and female about path picking).
I don’t like it.
Ms. Tango Lizzie: You are completely delusional - I'm calling the police now.
This White Sassy Jazzy fundraiser will feature artists such as Sammy Webber, Allou April, TJ Simon, Dylan Roman, Alicia Solomons, Wayne McKay and many more.
I mean it's just too good.. the guy was doomed.. just imagine what he had to endure in middle school.
As I got up, I realised with horror that it had pulled my bikini bottoms clean down to my ankles and I was now sitting, naked from the waist down, in front of 100 gurning tourists. I sat in the swirling tide hanging on to my kecks trying to pull them up discreetly and was halfway there when the next wave dragged me under. I emerged still hanging onto my knickers and nearly had them up when the next one came and took me for a proper dragging.
Or, maybe she means the makeup in the movie that just won? Nah, she must mean her dress.
‘Tis the star-spangled banner! Oh
I bought this last April (for my birthday) and am only now getting to around to proclaiming my love for it. The bottle is huge and you only need a little bit, so this is going to last me FORever, but especially because I keep changing it out and trying other things. The scent of this is amazing; it's like bathing with brownie batter... really light, foamy brownie batter. I've already started a collection of Philosophy shower gels and have an Apricots and Cream stashed away and just ordered the Cherry Italian Soda (for this year's birthday.)
For those into shopping, two events this weekend. Firstly the re-opening of the self-proclaimed ‘largest computer equipment shop in the world’, Surcouf on the Avenue Daumesnil. Some kind of large ‘meteorite’ will fall outside the shop, and early visitors will be able to pick up the pieces and claim a number of gifts. Surcouf state that prices will be as low as on the internet, but will they be as low as the neighbouring Chinese traders?
Still have a long list of things that need to be done. I was hoping that the temperature would drop 20 degrees or so before I started them. Need to wash the motorhome and put on the window shades. I have to organize the new shed, but am going to wire it first - after Larry gets here to help me.
Seriously, none of that makes any fucking sense, it comes completely out of nowhere, and just shows that the writers don’t know the first fucking thing about interesting and intelligent writing – you can’t just fucking throw a load of weird pretentious imagery at the viewer while having a character give a weird pretentious monologue to explain what the fuck’s been going on – not that it fucking explains anything! I still have no idea who the Da’at were and what were there motives – they are still as fucking useless to the plot as ever! And they spend ages on this as well.
With the insertion of a copper or hormone emitting IUD or contraceptive implant, on the other hand, failure rates are reduced to between 0.2 and 0.8 per cent.
Hi friends! I hope you're enjoying the guest posts! We're having a Canadian good time, but I'm popping in today to talk about every girl's least favorite subject... aging.
After clearing customs, meet an Adventures by Disneyrepresentative. Relax as a driver assists with your luggage and whisks you away to the hotel!The Westin Dublin
What if you could never walk again?
Criminals will soon know that all they have to do is ‘make off’ in a vehicle and drive like a maniac and they are home and dry.
From Oman Off-Road: Frankincense is the hardened aromatic resin of the Boswellia tree, and is burned for its medicinal, aromatic and insect-repelling qualities. The resin is produced by careful shaving of the bark of the tree. A good tree may produce 10 kg of frankincense in a season, which runs from April to the beginning of the monsoon. The trees grow wild and are located where the southern mountains of Oman meet the desert plateau.
. . . The ordinances of the LORD are sure
ME: I'm fine thank you. And you?
When we try to pick out anything by itself, we find it hitched to everything else in the universe. – John Muir
When Paul told Christ his plan in seeking to win the Jews, He seemingly didn’t even listen. The Lord had His plan for Paul as the apostle of the Gentiles. It is true that Paul had a sincere burden for his own people as seen in the likes of Romans 10:1.
Camassia species were an important food staple for Native Americans and settlers in parts of the American Old West. Many areas in the Northwest are named for the plant, including the city of Camas, Washington, the Camas Prairie in northern Idaho (and its Camas Prairie Railroad), and Camas County in southern Idaho.
This is Bella and she is just too cute. I thought that we might have a little competition to win a stamp and paper pad so watch this space as that will most likely start later this week.
‘The Washington Post’s Greg Sargent also notes that during his speech at the 2008 RNC, Romney “blasted Obama as untrustworthy when it comes to combating ‘the threat from radical, violent jihad.’
What Is Working/Not Working For Us: Well, last week I stated that history was not working for us, but now that we have changed things up a bit it is working great. Sometime it is good to think outside the box.
Ink: Versafine Smokey Grey, Versamark (for embossing)
of saint and sinner.
In a lot of ways, I’m hard on high fantasy because I’ve read so much of it over the years making me less of tolerant of some of the tropes of the genre. I truly don’t mean to pick The Girl of Fire and Thorns to pieces because it was a satisfying and enjoyable read, and I do look forward to next two books in the trilogy. (And I very much appreciated that this book had a definite ending instead of a cliffhanger.) But there were issues that niggle and that are possibly a function of this being the author’s debut novel.
But here I am. The Lord has sustained me, of that I am certain. I could not do what I do without the help of the Lord. These girls are so impressionable and their salvation weighs heavily on my soul.
God has surrounded me with these people for the last several years. They see needs and fix them. They see my hurting when I cannot admit and they love me even though I cannot admit it, they love me in the moment and they are not annoyed by my pain.
Or lay down my life with my sister and brother...
Measurement + Spring + DJ Inkers Clip Art =
So what am I doing with all that fabric? Well, I thought I would make a few bags to go on my stall. But then I realised the shoulder bags are too big. So now I have two stalls at the craft fair: Polly Polkadot jewellery and Polly Polkadot Textiles!
Another contributory factor is that the media love a bad news story, and reject good news ones. And of course the plethora of children's charities, competing for headlines and donations, understand this.He's not ... he's not going to say the unsayable? Is he?
Maggie Sefton
8. Grow out my hair.
We're excited to have her for the summer. Seven should be the right age which will have lasting memories of coming to visit Mama and Pappa for the summer. Thirty years from now she'll remember waking up to Mama's flock of birds chirping away in the living room.
¨ Cindy Jones
Mary, everyone knows that you have never turned a deaf ear to anyone who has asked for your intercession. This makes me feel safe in asking for your help, even though I don't feel much like I deserve any help from anyone, let alone, you. Thank you for your compassion for me.
I am still, however, wrestling with the problem of how to stage my newest book, The Singing Mermaid (due out in April 2012, with illustrations by Lydia Monks).
It was no surprise to me that “Metrosexuality, The Modern Masculinity” would be the post of the month for October. Somehow I feel it should have been something about Halloween and not something about sexual metropolitan men with a gay complex… that was a joke, although it might not really sound like one.
Like most everything else in my home . . . this one has great memories attached to it as well. You see, I was in England, Wales, and Scotland in the Spring of 2002 for a month-long vacation. It was one of those trips where I just began dog-earring pages in all my favourite travel books . . . and then figured out a route that would take me to each of them. London. Glouster. Chester. York. Edinburgh. Aberdeen. Inverness. And so on. But, the day I was supposed to leave York and head north to Scotland, there had been an over-night storm that had closed most of the train service - and one could only travel in case of emergencies. (well, my emergency was that a small antique store in Edinburgh had this tea service on hold for me - I had been speaking with them via phone for months) So, I kinda fibbed a little. And boarded a bus from York going north. Needless to say . . . this little tea service has served me well for many years. I bough several pieces that day - so don't fret - I still have plenty of reminders of that trip at the house.
Dark and long,
Is my time winding down, will I finish
We have one car. My parents get home at 5:00 to 5:30 ish. I did have one job at a fast food restaurant, 10 minutes away (halfway to the city). It was hard, but I managed to get there because at the time my dad couldn’t find a job, and he drove me to work while he picked up my mother… And now he has a job, so mine is no more. Plus, I really hated it there. People don’t give enough respect to the people making their FOOD for them. Jeesh.
6. Sarah Louise Matthews has a really nice blog – oft about her own work, but also a bit of a photo diary (and we all know I love other people’s photos). She’s a very talented paper sculptress and surface design graduate.
It had occured to me that there are really 3 kinds of people in the world. Grape Jelly People, Strawberry Jelly People, and Raspberry Jam People. It is not often that people from these worlds take upon themselves the tastes of others and my darling is a Grape Jelly person. The stuff honestly makes me sick to even look at, but when I make him his breakfast in bed three or more times a week it is usually including toast with grape jelly. And then when we go to the store I always get his grape jelly but and so preoccupied I forget to get my raspberry jam or raspberry preserves. And I say that whenever we get home. I think he could have bought me a jar of raspberry jam for Valentine's Day without breaking the bank. Maybe I will buy myself some of this because it looks way more delicious than even the already delicious kinds you can get from the grocery store. And BEAUTIFULLY staged GroovyJams. Good job!
My highlights of the weekend proper were the Behind the Scenes Tour of Melody Ranch. We found out where Al Swearengen drank his coffee, where Wu kept his pigs and lots of other fascinating facts about the history of the site.
10. Jane kelly Williams - 'Cept You
And now everyday I wonder what happened to the girl who would have elbowed him in the throat and cut his balls off.
In a medium fry pan, brown sausage. When sausage begins to turn pink add mushrooms and saute until mushroom have release most of their liquids - drain and place into a medium bowl, then add the sliced green onions.
Most of the details are in the thumb construction and update. This demo uses a relatively simple arc-length parameterization based on adaptive interpolation, and the interpolator may be injected. Two interpolators are provided with the demo, but I’ve only tested one.
Sunday: 30 min. cycling
Peace – Do others find courage though the peaceful life they observe in me?
Meek JY. Breastfeeding in the workplace. Pediatric Clinics of North America 2001; 48: 461-474.
Nick and I have just finished reading John Steinbeck’s Of Mice and Men. He usually has about three novels going at once – one for fun, one for his history class in our homeschool co-op, and one of my recommendations, such as this Steinbeck classic.
Who would care about such a thing? About exactly where all of the groceries were loaded?
And the next day, almost without a breath in between, we switched emotionally draining gears to join the perhaps 50,000 Independence Day revellers who thronged downtown Jerusalem’s Zion Square, Jaffa Road and the surrounding streets in a raucous, hyperbolic display of patriotism symbolized by concerts, stage shows, Israeli dancing in the streets and of course, the infamous Israeli barbeque. Every piece of green is taken up by people staking out their spot in the many parks that fill the country. (Of course, I would be remiss if i didn’t also mention the florescent light wands sold at every corner and in some cases, people spraying shaving cream at total strangers.)
Therefore, the question that makes distinction between “folklore and local practice” and “pagan sources” slightly confuses me. You see, there is no need to reconstruct a custom that already exists, and had existed for thousands of years without any change. And the term “local” practice applied on rituals that are performed in areas sometimes divided by thousands of kilometers made me smile. Of course, numerous customs were banned or discontinued with the advance of Christianity–more so in urban than in rural areas. Good example for that is that now Slavic people bury their dead instead of burning them.
“For its concessions, the Arab League will doff a collective kafia to Israel. As will Israel be given ‘an effective veto’ on the national suicide pact known as the right of return—the imperative to absorb millions of self-styled Palestinian ‘refugees’ into Israel proper. …”
As the left in Britain cling to their tiny number of totem white perpetrator hate crimes, such as the tragic murders of Stephen Lawrence and Anthony Walker, whilst ignoring the far higher number of crimes which do not fit their chosen narrative, the American left have their celebrated handful of anti-black hate crimes, which they constantly roll out whenever they need to distract the public from what is really happening. The most famous of this relatively small number of white perpetrator hate crimes is the truly terrible murder of James Byrd Jnr.
The Voice is here to stay, but for how long? If it doesn’t make some changes, it won’t be for too long.
This from Cheryl's visit to an astrologer:
However, Russian River is required by law to sell their beer at the price they submitted to the California Alcoholic Commission. Their distributor in Sacremento (DBI) also has to notify ABC about the price they sell the keg for. And that price is nowhere near the price that would price Pliny the Younger that Kupros advertised.
I don’t need jeans. I want them. And I NEED the distraction. So the quest continues.
The woman at the well was gently challenged: “Fetch your husband.” She admitted that she had no husband. Far from condemning her, Jesus simply acknowledged the string of failed relationships she had had and her current living with a man who was not her husband. Suddenly, instead of coming to the well in the heat of the day because of her shame at meeting others, the woman ran off to tell everyone: “Come and see the man who has told me everything I have ever done!” She evangelised her whole community. She had a new story where she belonged, where the past was done with and the future beckoned.
“What’s up with the bag?” Damien already dreaded the answer. “I got everything I need in my suitcase.”
Indiana has made a habit of sending their best to Columbus. See Oden, Gregg, Connely, Michael Jr, Thomas, Deshawn... I could go on all day.
Never having been a "joiner", and never having felt it important to be a walking advertisement for a brand, I have encountered everything from polite puzzlement to outright hostility from others when discussing this subject. As if by choosing not to engage in the cognitive dissonance of declaring my individuality by wearing/buying/driving/eating the same clothes/goods/car/fast food that thousands of others do, I am an alien, an auslander, a non-consumer. In this culture, consumerism equates with normal.
My advice to any aspiring playwright is this: Learn how the business of the theatre world operates (it’s very different from the publishing world), get an agent, and watch your back. And never, ever pay a submission fee to anyone--no matter what.
Okay, so after all of that was over, we are clipping along pretty good as we are going into the next week! Which is actually this week! It was a beautiful Monday morning, the sun was shining and I had just talked with a friend on the telephone and tried to encourage them as they were going through some things that only GOD could help them with. I had no more hung up the phone, and rose up from my kitchen table when I heard something. All of a sudden something happened that still makes me quake to think about. A huge tree, probably about 30 ft came crashing down on the roof of our side porch, on our RV and on my truck which was parked right in front of our house. I ran quickly to my children as they felt the entire house being shaken and heard the crash of the tree. They of course were terrified and so was I as we did not know if this was the only tree that was going to fall. I never knew whether to get out of the house or to stay in it. I tried to calm us all down, and ran to call my husband and told him what has just happened. He dropped everything at his job and immediately began his trip home. I guess I had just hang up on him so abruptly without telling him that we were okay that the enemy played with his mind on his 9 mile trip that I’m sure seemed a horrific long journey. As he travelled, my husband kept trying to call us but his cell phone would not allow him to call. Before he had gotten home the tree shifted and again the sounds of crashing and a terrifying vibration rattled the whole house! It was a horrible experience that I would not wish upon anyone with the exception that we were all safe!
Someday, you will grow up and realize that life is not fair. Income inequality is just part of it. The saying “all men are created equal” only means that everyone has the same rights. Equal income is not a right. Will the occupy wallstreet morons next target Milan Italy where the super models hang out? It is
I really love them all you know.
Until recently, some Harris County constables were supplementing their income with contract work delivering eviction notices for landlords while on duty. Three precincts stopped the practice after it was first publicized. Five others still perform the function, and "None of the constables contacted agreed to release documents relating to their notice delivery business."
The plot was all over the place. I couldn't keep track of who was doing what and where the stakes were. The reasons for one faction to do something were almost never explained very well. I felt like the whole thing was just a collection of events strung together in some semblance of order. The ending was a nice save for me since I was barely holding on. Now, because of the way it ended, I'm compelled enough to figure out what happens in the third book, but if there isn't some kind of character improvement, I won't bother anymore.
“Seriously. You know we have to get up at 4:30. Not tonight,” I said.
Would unhinge the soundest of minds
“Dad? Can you hear me? I’m safe but I don’t know where I am. Dad, I can’t explain it but it feels like I’m fading. Like now; I’m shouting but it feels like nothing’s coming out. And sometimes when I look down at my feet I think I can see through them. Does that make any sense? Dad, you have to come and find me. Please.” The line clicks dead.
My husband and I are sick with strep. We’ve been at this for about a week. This is the light at the end of the tunnel. I can’t wait for dinner tonight. If you are of Alabama, this soup is a lot like Surin’s Spicy Chicken Coconut Soup, but it’s with crab, and waaaaaay better.
A true liberal is a person who is willing to accept his group's extinction. Protestants are willing to accept their group's extinction. Jews are not. Therefore Protestants are closer to the true liberal essence than the Jews are.
MELES: WE MUST SHOW CIC THAT WE ARE WILLING TO PAY THE PRICE
Take a small amount of hot milk mixture:
satisfactory.
But what of those who want to die? There are growing numbers who commit suicide. There is a growing emphasis on so-called mercy killing for the elderly, infirmed or those who are just tired of life. Then there are those terrorists who deem themselves as martyrs for the sake of taking other lives. Do they have a will to live? Seemingly not; and why not?
Add seltzer
Suzy Ultman will be at our shoppe Saturday, March 12th from 2-4PM, for an afternoon visit and trunk show. She'll be bringing samples of her precious work, some great giveaways and a sneak preview of her upcoming fabric line.
In what distant deeps or skies
Empress Matilda is the only surviving legitimate child of Henry I after the death of her brother in a shipwreck. When her husband the Emperor of Germany dies, leaving her a childless widow, Henry I summons Matilda to England and makes his barons swear an oath to her as his heir, as his second marriage to Adeliza of Louvain is childless and looks likely to remain so. But then Henry forces Matilda to marry Geoffrey of Anjou, a boy barely into adolescence, a marriage that is as unpopular with some of Henry’s barons as it is with Matilda herself. When Henry I dies unexpectedly, Matilda’s cousin Stephen and his unscrupulous brother the Bishop of Winchester conspire to seize the throne. Matilda is determined to fight for her rights and those of her young son Henry – but the conflict will exact a terrible price.
Now it came to pass when Adoni-Zedek king of Jerusalem heard how Joshua had taken Ai and had utterly destroyed it—as he had done to Jericho and its king, so he had done to Ai and its king—and how the inhabitants of Gibeon had made peace with Israel and were among them, that they feared greatly, because Gibeon was a great city, like one of the royal cities, and because it was greater than Ai, and all its men were mighty.
I'll leave you with a little Note Song ~
Also keep in mind that my summary may lead to some spoilers, so if you are on book one or two… read faster.
Over 100 people attended the weekend in Cambridge, which saw ideas pitched on Friday evening and then teams formed to develop them before judging on Sunday evening. While four teams were selected as winners in the different categories of education, health, community and environment everyone deserves congratulations for the hard work and their achievements.
Last February Ahmed al-Tayyib, the Grand Sheikh of Al-Azhar, the highest religious institution in the Sunni Muslim world, said changing Article 2 may "provoke sedition," describing the article as an established principle for the state.
Anecdote time: Shortly after I moved to New York, I was riding the subway in the Bronx, on my way to work. While sitting on the train, a woman—who was black—sat down next to me in a seat that didn’t exist. Which is to say that three people were already on the subway bench and she decided to sit down anyway, effectively squishing everyone else. Not thrilled with the idea of spending my remaining train ride getting to accidental first base with a fellow passenger, I simply got up and went to stand by the door. This woman—and I remember this vividly—then turned to me and said loudly enough for most of the surrounding car to hear: “Racist.”
Like any profession, once you're in it, you get used to things that at first struck you as incredibly exciting and wonderful.
I now have a very speciaL offer for all international ladies who would like to lay their dainty hands on these and ooooodles of more gorgeous ones from GREEN TARA, Australia. They cannot be bought outside Australia as far as I am informed.
I have received another email from GE. No, I will not be getting a new refrigerator, but they have offered to reimburse me for the cost of the part.
For the last ten days it has been bitterly cold with icy winds keeping temperatures down well below zero (-9 is our record and it's much colder elsewhere) despite bright day-long sunshine. Typical winter anticyclone weather, no suggestion at all of the straw hats, shorts and T-shirts generally associated with the south of France. Our friend A. came round last night, complaining about the draughts in his house. Chief culprit was the cat-flap. The wind had been so strong, with gale force gusts, that it just blew the cat-flap open and the Arctic blast swooshed through the house freezing everything in its path, especially A.'s and Mrs A.'s ankles. A recent gust was the last straw, A. told us: intolerant of such things sent to try us, he aimed a kick at the cat-flap. It shattered, leaving a hole through which the polar winds blew in their icy fury.
As you know for me there is no separation between the mundane and the sacred. One of recurring themes in my life is house work. You know how many times you wash the dishes or sweep the floor it all has to be done again. For me I sweep our little living room at least once a day and some times much, much more. I can either choose to look at this as a chore and be grumpy about it or I can treat it like a sacred task.
So when I call my dad in a few hours to let him know how much I hate making these &*@$ cookies, I'll make sure the pot of coffee is on and get a plate ready to share while waiting for him to arrive.
Came home, watched the new Glee episode (a Saturday Night Fever tribute :D) which was really good, so much better than last week :) Jessie St James returned!!! :) Also watched another Grey’s Anatomy, but what with getting in really late, and I had other stuff on youtube to watch and other stuff online to do, I didn’t watch anything else. The new bathroom is starting to come together by the way, which is good :) I watched House as usual with Charlie. And that ends my day :) Although it’s not my longest post ever, that took a very long time to do, cos I’m currently chatting to Chloe on FB, about Chris and Lottie, about GCSE Geography lessons with Tash (who was also in the conversation at the start :D), and she’s been ill, with something contagious, so I was asking her how she feels :/ She says she’s fine :) She snuck into College yesterday to see Ginger Ellie on her birthday :) She is healthy, but may have still been contagious, so her mum wanted her to stay home :) Anyway, it’s nice talking to her :) So it’s now a lot later than I thought I would be finishing, and I am really struggling to type, cos I just want it to be done. I’ve really gotta go now, I can’t continue like this any more, I feel not good :) Before I go, Ellie and Connor have confirmed (kind of) a Birthday party for them on the 5th May :)
And although I didn't get the time I originally wanted and I'm disappointed in the fact that I gave in and walked I'm still glad I did this race. Maybe next year my brain and my body will actually cooperate and perhaps I can finish faster. As my injured running buddy Ann said, "You're faster than that." I'd like to think that I am.
LW, people get divorced over this. I suggest you join those people.
She says they’re going back to Cape Town. All of his family live there.
So why the lecture on I.Q.?
*May not be the same
Eat within 3 days or store in the fridge and eat within a week – 10days.
On the subject – Suffolk based St Peter's combine a traditional ethos with a willingness to try something a little contemporary or quirky. They marry all these concepts pretty nicely with this beer.
I break my own heart. But I am OK with that, and doubt it is a thing that can't improve. It has improved by shades over the past five years or so.
It was a pretty rocky morning; no one had slept well the night before, and Baby Guy was ready for his nap before 10:30. Mr. Man made it two more hours after that, then fell asleep with his face planted firmly his peanut butter sandwich. Since the boys were snoozing, the girls and I decided it was a Strawberry Shortcake kind of day; after handing off some baby gear to a friend for transport to a family in need of same, I curled up on the couch with Beanie and Bugaboo for a little rest. The boys were still sleeping when the pair of shows ended, and I needed a little more horizontal time myself, so I conceded the point and closed my eyes while the girls enjoyed an episode of Pound Puppies. As it happened, the episode was about learning to love creatures we initially think are obnoxious, so it turned out to be a nice little heart’s lesson for them and a badly-needed extra nap for me.
10. I have no credit cards.
Beastly
Around me – buffalo robe – sage in bundle – run on skin
Ian Nutt and Rob Martin (Leicester Forest Cycling Club & Critical Mass) & Cambridge Cycling Campaign (tbc): Using social media to build social cycling networks
Finish: The finish on the pallet is sooner sensed than the warmth in the belly.
I got my papa’s nose.
Denim jacket, Forever 21. White blouse, Mossimo. Mod print, double-layer skirt, Final Touch (thrifted). Tan slingbacks, Linea Paolo. Blue beads, Xhilaration.
I finally went grocery shopping! I forgot my re-usable bags. :(
Simplicity 4885 Size RS 14-22
"Before the words of institution come the actions: the breaking of bread and the offering of wine. The breaking of bread and the passing of the chalice are in the first instance the function of the head of the family, who welcomes the members of his family to his meal; but these are also gestures of hospitality, of welcoming the stranger who is not part of the household to table fellowship and communion. These very gestures, in the meal with which Jesus takes leave of those who are his own, acquire an entirely new depth: He gives a visible sign of welcome to the meal in which God gives Himself. Jesus offers and communicates Himself in the form of bread and wine"
“…They affirmed, however, that the whole of their guilt, or their error, was that they were in the habit of meeting on a certain fixed day before it was light, when they sang in alternate verses a hymn to Christ, as to a god, and bound themselves by a solemn oath, not to perform any wicked deed, never to commit any fraud, theft or adultery, never to falsify their word, nor deny a trust when they should be called upon to make it good; after which it was their custom to separate, and then reassemble to partake of food – but food of an ordinary and innocent kind.”
11. About A Girl
This slick publication “describes environmental, safety and health problems throughout the nuclear weapons complex and what the DOE is doing to address them.” (from the “Forward”)
These were the recommended plants, but I'm wondering exactly how the watering will accomodate the water-thirsty tomatos and peppers as well as the sage and rosemary that prefer drier soil.
Now my partner's already set his heart on relocating elsewhere. He hadn't thought of France as a potential home. He doesn't even like wine. So it might be an uphill climb to get him to reconsider a little chateau. But looking at these makes me wonder if we're looking for property in all the wrong places?
How about Pisces? Pisces is dual which makes one open to possibilities. This is really good for jupiter too. Pisces is a fantastic sign for Jupiter to occupy. But Cancer is his exaltation sign, not Pisces. Why?
I’m really glad that I, an agnostic, have never been forced to deliver an impromptu invocation at a company function. I’ve had years of Lutheran training and could probably recall a doxology or two if pressed. I think I could fake my way through it.
To bring a new scent
Why are we remodeling, you ask? First, it needed it. Our basement was trashed and the carpet had to go! Second, we are flirting with the idea of selling our house. The houses are flying out of our neighborhood and people are starting to make money again. Interest rates are also very low. Therefore, we thought the time might be right. We are meeting with our builder later this month so I will keep you posted! I am hoping that he has a lot that will work for us since we both prefer to build again.
Anchor Steam … California; 4.9% … 4.25
sure, part of the problem is that i'm not going to sleep until midnight. but really, i blame joel for that. i never can sleep when he is travelling.
In railway travelling, your first-class carriage does not, as a rule, afford much material in the study of character to the philosophic mind. That 'reticence' so strictly observed in the upper crust of English humanity is particularly noticeable here. The old coaching days, with 'four insides' and a jovial party on the roof, are universally admitted to have been much more conducive to 'interchange of sentiment and flow of soul' than this age of express trains and time-tables will ever be. lt is just the difference between a cosy family dinner and a state banquet in the City. We have ortolans, and choice Madeira, and peas in February at the one, but lack the genial spirit which attends honest port and mutton at the other. Yes - 'Persicos odi' - I prefer the humbler feast, and the ancient mode of travelling. The vehicles are more splendid now, the speed has increased tenfold - but the journey itself - alack! it is a dismal affair upon the best of lines. A gentleman in a white beard, who ate ipecacuanha lozenges the whole way, was shut up with us, and dubiously entertained the rest of the company by describing to his neighbour, sotto voce, the peculiarities of a fellow-passenger whom he once met on the Flamborough-cum-Crammingham line, and who, it would appear, was in the habit of travelling first class wherever he went with a second-class ticket. The best of it was, that our venerable friend, instead of commenting severely on the moral obliquity of this transaction, seemed to look on the affair as a tremendous joke, and laughed so heartily at the bare recollection of the circumstance, that half a lozenge nearly lodged in his larynx, and set him coughing for the rest of the journey; a fact which attracted the attention of an old lady in a brown front and black mittens, who sat next me, and who was distinctly heard to murmur something about 'a judgment' while he continued in this state of bronchial irritation.
I am just back from Dublin where in the RDS a prize giving award has taken place today on the 27th of July. I have won a 2nd Prize in Feltmaking Category, A prize for RDS New Entrant and a special prize founded by Feltmakers Ireland! The ladies from feltmakers association were joking that now I will have to give back to the association in a form of editing of the newsletter and free workshops! I am gonna be busy then!
Makeup: Izzie’s – Glitter Eye Make-Up moonshine (Summer Beauty Festival)
even now, they whisper, it can be done, it must be done. Penelope Shuttle Taxing the Rain
“If people aren’t really sick then something should be done about it because the resources can’t be spared in the health service, certainly not spared on people who could be in work and aren’t.”
This week Stamping Royalty challenge us to do some scrapbooking! I have to say I really had fun with this week's challenge. I found these great pictures of my nephew peeking though the jungle gym at the park and I couldn't wait to scrap them. I had to pull out an old color for the scrapbook page, Taken with Teal. It was the pefect color paired up with the color of the jungle gym. I also pulled out two retired punches and stamp set.
You’ll be able to find out all about these spectacular Storks, go behind the scenes and meet the keepers at the wildfowl reserve at our special Spring Into Nature event on May19th & 20th.
Next we must create jabber.conf (touch /etc/asterisk/jabber.conf). Into this file we will put our user details.
Good! So that's alright then. We now all know that Mr Brown is not a bully. He's just someone who cares and is determined to build a fairer Britain.
The first six months of “retirement” brought a variety of changes to our lives. Having actively prepared for this event for several years, its reality created some new reflections. The most important was that retiring and staying put is a whole lot easier than retiring and moving half way across the country. Changing addresses is not as easy as it used to be and gets more complicated when temporary housing becomes part of the action. Then there’s securing new drivers licenses and car tags, new auto insurance, new phones numbers, and notifying folks of your new contact data. Oh yes, don’t forget the Social Security and Medicare sign-up plus making decisions about the best Medicare supplements, new doctors, etc. There are new people to meet and a new city to learn. In our case, traffic reports are given by state road numbers rather than street names and the numbers all sound the same to untrained ears. We have learned to allow more time for every trip because of traffic. Weather alerts are based on counties that we didn’t know the location of yet. And the list goes on and on.
I don't think I'll get any turnips out of the second batch, but it looks like there will be plenty of greens to harvest yet.
O’Hara agrees to work on Elsa’s yacht, despite being aware that Elsa’s husband, Arthur Bannister (Everett Sloane) is on board. Arthur is of all things a criminal defense attorney, the best in the country. Elsa and Arthur, along with George Grisby (Glenn Anders), Arthur’s partner at their law firm, spend their time drinking profusely and exchanging bitter verbal jabs. O’Hara quickly realizes he is in over his head but stays when he is offered $5,000 dollars to take credit for a fake murder, which will enable him to run off with Elsa.
Why do you act, you ask?
The best thing about my two week adventure was not necessarily the traveling and the viewing of famous stuff. My absolute favorite part of it all was getting to see my friends, meet their families, and watch them in their natural environments. The enthusiasm they have for the hometowns and countries was positively contagious. I not only learned about the cities but also about my friends. Their families welcomed, hugged, and fed me. Communication was not always easy, but we were able to exchange stories and traditions. I can’t explain how at home I felt in each city. All of my travels have been memorable, but I know I will treasure this pâques experience for the rest of my life.
Obama and Mitt?
You say laughter and I say lawfter,
The RIAA has certified Rush for the third most consecutive gold/platinum studio albums by a rock band, topped only by the Beatles and the Rolling Stones. Rush’s vast catalog includes such classics as 1974’s self-titled debut, 1976’s “2112,” 1981’s “MOVING PICTURES,” 1996’s “TEST FOR ECHO,” and 2002’s “VAPOR TRAILS.” Rush’s last studio album, 2007’s “SNAKES & ARROWS,” debuted at #3 on the Billboard 200, marking the band’s highest chart debut since 1993, as well as their eleventh top 10 album in the U.S. The album’s first single, “Far Cry,” hit the top 5 at mainstream rock radio, with airplay on over 100 radio stations in the US and the track “Malignant Narcissism” was nominated for a Grammy in the Best Rock Instrumental Performance category.
ROMNEY: Everyone has a requirement to either buy it or pay the state for the cost of providing them free care. Because the idea of people getting something for free when they could afford to care for themselves is something that we decided in our state was not a good idea.
“If the sole concern is ‘I want life insurance where I know how much I have to pay and there will be a death benefit paid by the carrier,’ that’s when you pick the lifetime guarantee policy,” Lunman said. “The lifetime guarantee UL product is a superior product for estate planning where people are not concerned about cash value or access to cash value. They want to be sure they are leaving assets at eventual death. If looking for pure income replacement for eventual death or support in retirement, then other products might be better. It depends on the primary purpose of purchasing life insurance. That’s why MetLife offers all types of life insurance because we recognize every client’s needs are different.” “Perhaps there are some customers who only need coverage to age 90 or 95, and after that point their family or business need for life insurance ends,” Ramsey said. “However, I suspect for most customers, the insurance need is really for their lifetime, and they are taking the gamble they will die before age 95 in exchange for less expensive coverage. The problem with this approach is that the possibility of living past age 90 or 95 is much higher than you think, and the risk of outliving your insurance can be pretty high. Clients who purchase insurance expecting to provide benefits to their loved ones may find they have purchased coverage they cannot afford to continue when they need it the most. ” He said the Society of Actuaries September 2008 simple life expectancy calculator indicates a healthy 65 year old male customer’s chance of living to 95 is almost 30 percent and a healthy 70 year old female customer’s chance of living to age 90 can be 50 percent. He encourages life insurance shoppers to research their likely life expectancy online before deciding what type of insurance to buy. See the information in the box for links to life expectancy calculators. “There’s no always or never,” Tessler added. “To say that a trust owned permanent life policy should be lifetime NLG is incorrect. Say the insured is not so healthy, they are ratable and will be charged an extra premium due to poor health. In that case, their life expectancy is very different from someone who is in pristine health at 65. Therefore the worry over whether this person will be around at 114 is not a concern if their health is impaired at 65. A guarantee of shorter duration might be appropriate in that circumstance. “We’re in a business of mortality,” said Tessler. “We know how long these people are going to live. That’s why selling an age limited policy to a healthy person of 65 may not be prudent. There are going to be a certain percentage of deaths from unexpected means, but we have to look at what we’re doing here. We’re shifting risk from ourselves to the insurance company. As a trustee, why would I want to assume my client won’t survive? I have taken on the responsibility for managing my client’s assets and they are assuming the insurance will pay out millions to the people they most care about when they die. Why would I take chances? The trustee is not paying the premiums. They are being paid by the grantor, who is usually the insured. Most insurance you buy, like homeowners insurance, you don’t ever expect to collect on. When you buy permanent life insurance, you’re buying it fully expecting a claim to occur because death is inevitable.”
I know what you’re wondering–what’s wrong with canning, or drying or freezing? The answer is absolutely nothing. Sure, some processes alter the nature of the food by default but that’s isn’t the problem in mass produced processed foods. Mass produced foods have a host of additives to make sure the product makes it from the plant or factory to your plate at home. More often than not these foods make that journey safely: about 90 percent of the foods we consume are processed.
Maybe we will manage to educate you all...
I eyeballed the edge of the stencil area and cut pieces of tape to match. For the straight lines of the stencil, I matched those with the straight side of the tape. You will probably end up using a bunch of little tape pieces.
I am reading Barry Estabrook's Tomatoland right now and it is blowing my mind. I knew that off-season grocery store tomatoes didn't taste like anything, and that the conventionally grown ones were covered in pesticides, but what I didn't know was that they were most likely picked by slaves. Actual slaves, as in people "owned" by other people with absolutely no civil/human rights. I'm not quite halfway through the book but already I have vowed never to buy another out-of-season grocery store tomato, or a non-organic grocery store tomato, or a tomato grown in Florida, ever again.
Bask in me
If you'd like my help with any of the above, or more, click on the image below:
Decide to look to Him today and shut your ears to anything else that points you away from His Truth. Seek Refuge with Him, He offers it and will right all wrongs in your life if you will let Him. The choice is yours.
Top-and-bottom machines are stacked in customized cupboards, while bold fuchsia damask wallpaper pretties up the walls. Different accoutrements, like pegs, racks, and cubbies, provide ample storage.
9) Surprised by the number of helpful and earnest researchers I have met, who were willing to share important information with me about my family.
I walked into the girl's bathroom and stopped dead.
Take another example: After reverse-sweeping ferociously for four, A.B. de Villiers ferociously sweeps down the throat of Virat Kohli at deep square leg. But what do we get from the fielder? An urgent communication on what he would do to the mother and sister of the departed batsman.
Brooklyn Robot Foundry, Swilleys, Everbrite Mercantile, Red Hook’s
Dorothea Lange (1 gelatin silver print, 1957)
I always find Remembrance Services very moving and I'm so glad that 91 years after the first silence was observed, we are still doing it, and yet - as we all are - I'm obviously very grieved that the first world war did not after all turn out to be the "war to end all wars".
Worcestershire sauce, to taste
PS. I only have one episode of Downton Abbey left, and I may cry when it finishes. I have no idea what I will do until the new season comes out in the fall (other than watching tons of re-runs ;) so if you have any amazing shows to recommend, then please do!
All photographs & other materials are the property of RubysNPurls and cannot be reused, copied or otherwise without my consent. If you would like to request consent please use the contact form above to do so. Thank you!
A political committee called Citizens for Sensible Law Enforcement has weighed in against Holton and for Rosenblum, based on a past statement by Holton that the 1998 medical-marijuana law was a “train wreck,” a letter by him to landlords housing offices assisting medical-marijuana patients, and federal raids last fall (while he was the interim U.S. attorney) on state-sanctioned marijuana grow sites.
It's the end of the road for our rose arch...it's currently being supported with rope until reinforcements arrive.
AN AUSTRALIAN SOLDIER
for every changing season
Jaycee Panganduyon, a first year BA in Mass Communication student, amazed her co-Jmarian as she sings “Part of That World” originally sung by Lea Salongga and has been known as one of the famous soundtracks of a Disney Movie “The Little Mermaid”.
1/2 cup plus 2 T. lemon juice
It’s progress. “Baby steps”
- We have really been picking up the pace when it comes to Glenn Doman's Physically Superb program. We are trying to walk and run everyday, and Wesley has been working on creeping 5-6 days a week. I bought some large 2x2 mats at Walmart a few weeks ago and we set them up in our living room and he does back and forth 8 mats. This allows me to calculate how far he has gone each day. Yesterday we were up to 240 yards. I also photocopied a set of the blue prints to make a Bracciation ladder for my dad to price out for me. I thought for sure it would cost well over $150 but he figures he can make it for $50 worst case senerio, maybe less if we can find the lumber for cheaper in the states when we go in a few weeks. So I plan on arranging our unfinished basement into a area where we can focus on his physical program this winter. I have been getting him to brachiate at the park, and he is getting his confidences, but come the time when the cold comes, we won't be able to use those metal monkey bars comfortably. I'd like to make it younger kid friendly too so I can make a play area in the basement so the daycare children can us there large motor skills and run in the winter as well.
Yeah, so the list of negatives I gave earlier? I don’t actually think those are negatives at all. I just needed to write something up there that didn’t sound like I was kissing the film’s ass all the way through. Trust me, there will be plenty of negatives I can find as we go through this experience(just wait for Jay and Silent Bob Strike Back and Cop Out) but this is not a film that I will quibble with. A man decided to be a filmmaker and went out and made a damn funny, if technically flawed, film. He then parlayed that film into a successful festival run that has been extended into a career that is currently just short of 20 years long. There is no criticism to be found here. Kevin Smith is the embodiment of the American Dream.
No exceptions.
1 showing
Brooklyn, NY (PRWEB) May 02, 2012
Returning to Valenciennes, I ran off to meet up for drinks with the Brazilian, his friend who was visiting from Rouen, and a girl we met on Thursday. We had a good (and hilarious at times) conversation. I completely lost track of time and was late to meet Hannah to help her make dinner for our gang including the aforementioned housemate and her brother. While we may have freaked them out with our non French eating tendencies, I think everyone had a good night. Except for the part where we got turned away from one bar since Tish was wearing flip flops.
I had a fantastic chat with my agent at the end of 2010. Hollow Pike, if it was to succeed, needed to be something new. Something distinctive. It needed to be what it was meant to be in the first place…a mystery with a strong emphasis on friendship. What was interesting was how easy it was to pull out the superpowers element – the book didn’t need those flights of fancy. In fact, the nearer Hollow Pike came to reality, the darker and more menacing it became. Isn’t it scarier not knowing? Whole sections were cut, and the emphasis changed – more noir, more…sinister.
As a nation, Americans think much like Maddow when it comes to politics: We believe there are individuals and there is the state, governed by a political entity. The Republicans favor the individual, the Dems favor the state. Few are those who suggest that there might be a third way to speak of a nation, namely as a connection of necessarily conjoined communities comprised of families and neighborhoods. British thinker Philip Blond refers to a nation based on such communities as the civic state, which he contrasts to the market state of conservatives and the welfare state of liberals.
consciousness of who He was controlled everything He said and did. You also can
-Watch sappy British romantic comedies with Sister and her best friend (I am incapable of resisting to the appeal of Hugh Grant, Colin Firth, Liam Neeson, Alan Rickman, and others all in the same movie.)
"In meetings with the special prosecutors, the accusing witness, when recounting the events of that night, changed her story on so many important issues as to give the impression she was improvising as the interviews progressed, even when she was faced with irrefutable evidence that what she was saying was not credible."
What is unjustified and unfair is the persistent feeling, lately, of having to watch what I say in avoidance of fueling this little fire against me. It is unnatural for me to watch every thing I say to people I love and to have to guard my conversation. I really don't appreciate that feeling. And it's bothering me. A lot. To know me is to love me right? Not in an arrogant way. What I mean is isn't it OK to be yourself with close loved one's? If someone knows me, and loves me, I should be accepted.
2/21—Time; Screening: Dawn of the Dead (1978); Reading: Deleuze, “From Cinema II: Time-Image” (CV 185-201); Second Response Paper Due
What's on my bedside table changes constantly... maybe because it's not very large and it has to hold all my reading and watching material... All the beauty bits are left on my dressing table... otherwise there would be no space at all... I am a bit of a lounger in bed... and if I were to tell the truth... I could laze around all day, cozy and comfy, in my bed and read... read, read and then read some more... I have also taken up the iPad habit... I don't know if this is good or bad... but I do like watching a film or browsing the net under the covers...
The Jets have earned the rights to the air waves right now.
I’m counting on Dad, he walks with me, and provides me my every need; according to his wisdom.
Best Supporting Actor: Christopher Plummer, Beginners
We want this to be inspiring but at the same time real. We want it to be positive but also we want to share the reality of adoption.
Does it count that I wrote a haiku about unemployment?
I guess I should back up: in order to bring Milo to Paris, I had to have a microchip implanted under his skin and he had to get a couple vaccinations. That was right before the holidays. Then I had to go back to the vet right before departing to get a Certificate of Good Health, which basically says he’s healthy, not carrying any parasites, and not being used as a mini drug mule. Then that certificate has to be stamped by the USDA. It’s quite the process. Or at least it seems so when every visit entails carting an unhappy cat and paying a lot of cash.
Wait until most of the colour has gone into the wool, then add 1 Tbsp. vinegar or 1/32 tsp. citric acid.
Ferrari retained the pushrod rear suspension set up for the F150. To keep it competitive in aero packaging in comparison to the recently favoured pullrod, they have pushed the entire rocker and damper assembly to the front of the gearbox. In doing so they have placed the rockers nearly flat with their pivots pointing down. This keeps the assembly in the aerodynamic shadow of the engine and airbox, so effectively they don’t add any volume to the rear ends aerodynamics.
Combine all the above ingredients. For a fuller flavor, let sit overnight in the fridge.
I think the only thing I would improve about it, would be to make the walls a little sturdier/solid some how, so that it makes putting the shapes through their holes a little easier instead of struggling with the wall caving in. Despite that though, "DD" still has a lot of fun and really enjoys this toy!
So here is another project that I made at our retreat. I still have several more to share.
3. Mothra is referred to as "The Thing" in AIP's dub of the film. It is never called that in any Japanese film.
At 7:30 p.m. in the Wisconsin Union Theater, pianist Peter Serkin will perform works by Oliver Knussen, Toru Takemitsu and Charles Wuorinen. The program will conclude with Beethoven’s epic “Thirty-Three Variations on a Waltz by Anton Diabelli,” Op. 120.
Bia Brazil clothing is manufactured in Brazil with DuPont Supplex. The entire line is “One Size Fits All” because of the material, it stretches up to 500% (five sizes!) yet it returns to its natural shape. Women who wear sizes 2 – 10 can typically wear Bia Brazil fitness wear. All pants are made with a 33” inseam, which makes them excellent for taller women.
We finally bit the bullet and bought a "real" smoker. I had bought my hubby a smoker for Christmas, and we spent a month smoking with it every weekend. The chickens were fantastic, BUT trying to keep a cheap charcoal smoker at temperature was a Pain in the a**. We were frustrated every weekend and had to do the last 20-30 minutes in the oven.
We are also looking for fabulous sponsors for our challenges.
Here is her cool sketch:
& I can still hear
Every new beginning must start with a Wish, to where one would like to get.
The list is divided into three sections:
We’ll see how that goes.
“For the Love of God and People: A Philosophy on Jewish Law,” Elliot N. Dorff. The Jewish Publication Society, 2007.
Statistics for this Issue:
Yep. It's that time again. Another post about Chauny! Just what you all were waiting for.
I'd work on my quilt but V is down there soldering and desoldering pipes and generally making a huge mess... maybe later.
And in her defense, the one time we allowed the girls to plan their own food at an end-of-the-year party, there was so much crappy food we actually watched as they spun themselves into chocolate induced frenzies and then dropped like flies from sugar crashes. It's all about moderation, y'all.
I’m inspired by that student who DOES NOT want to take exams, who comes to school pale and sweating off a (probably contagious) flu bug so he doesn’t have to miss days. (Of course, I strap on the white mask and stick him in a corner so my students and I can keep our distance.)
* Read Mike every day in the Daily Star and every weekend in the daily Express Saturday magazine. You can hear him on talkSPORT every Monday afternoon with Hawksbee and Jacobs and every Thursday night with Andy Goldstein.
I used certainly celery instead of old olive in this one, and the open flowers combined with the lighter green created a much softer feeling card than I was aiming for with these two challenges. Still worth showing you, but not my entry. :-)
According to the airline, “the Boeing 777 re-design will bring a fresh and contemporary new look to the fleet, consistent with that across the Virgin Australia domestic network.”
There may have been a time when everything you said in your
wisely, i made this sign to prevent further costly conversations with fix-it man.
well, before my harddrive faceplanted last week, (back up your files, people!) I was pretty darn busy. Luckily, Mr. Computerboyfriend helped me out with another lengthy backup just two weeks ago, so the only files of value I lost were a zillion tattoo ideas I had bookmarked....hehehe, and a few photos, not the least of which was my boy in full combat gear heading out to his first fullscale Airsoft war. (he survived, thankyou) Oh, and some newly downloaded tango music. Not too shabby on the timing, I'd say. But luckily, Time Machine was doing it's thing until we shut it off to do the other backup. Thank you Steve Jobs, you're a star in my book.
Hello kindly guests,
two more framed journal pages for the sale
Invisible Children (IC) swept the university campuses of America last year. The group wanted to mobilize college students to be aware of what happened in Uganda in recent years, the atrocious acts of Joseph Kony and his rebel group, the Lord’s Resistance Army (LRA). I heard about Invisible Children for the first time when I was researching Uganda. I was immediately fascinated by their website. It’s very well done, but I noticed one thing. It lacked real information. If you haven’t seen the film or know nothing about their purpose, let me catch you up to speed with my version. Three clueless college kids head to Sudan with no plans and no idea about what they’re going to find. They’re looking for a “story”. They leave Sudan and make their way into Uganda. They find some bad stuff going on there. So they made a MTV-esque DVD about what was happening there. They wanted to draw attention to what they found.
Will write again soon sweet friends.
I made a template for the squares with an opaque milk bottle
http://pburt.wordpress.com/The random.org gods have spoken and the winner of the Book Blogger Convention Swag giveaway is PB from Reflections from the Hinterland. PB, I'll be emailing you shortly for your mailing address.
“You’re such a nerd!”
Standing in the street in nothing but panties, dirt caked to her little knees and hands, at about seven years old Victoriya was on her own. This would be the theme of her life for the next nine years. Her mother did not want her and there was no father in the picture. Even though she wanted her mother, she didn’t like the string of boyfriends that had come and gone.
The Wasilewski trio also reflects upon “The Ballad of the Sad Young Men,” which has been surprisingly avoided by most piano trios (although the Jarrett trio is heard performing the song on its 1990 ECM disc Tribute), Brazilian composer/percussionist Hermeto Pascoal’s “Oz Guizos (The Bells)” (brought to the session by bassist Slawomir Kurkiewicz, a fan of Brazilian music, and originally heard on the composer’s 1971 American album Hermeto), and the uber-theatrical “An den kleinen Radioapparat,” turning it into something warm and romantic that would make any Bill Evans fan coo with joy.
It was a truly magical evening. Now, it's quite likely that this will be my last post before Christmas, so I want to wish everyone an extremely happy Christmas, Hanukkah, Winter Solstice (I know that just passed, but I'll wish a belated happy holidays for that anyway!), or whatever else you celebrate. And if you don't celebrate anything, or even if you do actually, I wish you tons of joy, now and into the new year!
The chairs are wearing a new coat of Annie Sloan Chalk Paint ... Duck Egg Blue.
Dates: Jul-Aug; Age/Grade Range: 5-16yo
Alan Caruba,
Mad love.
1/2 c margarine (I use Vegan Becel)
Since Mom was in charge of the annual concert for kids and adults and Dad was a preacher, we spent many late nights at church practicing and creating props.
So's how's a Doctor supposed to relax in 1952? Well, with a cigarette and a bottle of Johnny Walker Red, what else? Smoking was so common back in the day, people would even be smoking at breakfast!
Today it is a £2 billion industry that has a huge presence in Parliament. The Hansard Society has estimated that some MPs are approached over one hundred times a week by lobbyists. Much of the time this happens covertly.
8. Let's Talk Dirty in Hawaiian
I sputtered a nervous laugh, but when he didn’t laugh, I began putting up roadblocks: that’s a big responsibility, I make an awful lot of mistakes, I really don’t know enough. It was pure panic, and it wasn’t pretty. He was unshaken. He responded to each of my protests with a patient “That’s okay”. In a last ditch effort, I suggested “How about Rock Star Mom instead?”, to which he said “Same thing.”
Many times I've been alone
Hey, Ed Gillepsie: shut your pie-hole.
Some incongruities spring can’t heal.
3:15 – Theophylact points to the baptism as a crucial part of the atonement itself – Christ has overcome the temptations of life, fulfilled the law, and only remains to complete this via baptism. I wonder if that results in a lower-view of Jesus’s ministry.
I must be clear: I’m am not saying the police cannot restrain. For example, when there is a crime, a hostage situation, barricades in rooms where weapons are brandished or concealed, etc.. Anything involving crime can be deal with accordingly and the legal authority to do so comes from s3 Criminal Law Act 1967; or from the Police and Criminal Evidence Act 1984 if searches or arrests are being made.
Today I presented "Proving Benjamin" discussing how 1850, 1870, and 1880 enumerations for a man in three different states were shown to be the same man. This New York native was born around 1820 in New York State and lived in Michigan, Iowa, Missouri, and possibly other states as well as Canada. Dealing with individuals with similar names, people who move all over, and conflicting information are discussed.
I think everyone that has lost weight has done a similar mathematical exercise. We have also all sworn NEVER to let that happen to us again….
It is NOT that cold and the snow is NOT that bad.
Because I work part-time outside the home, I thought it would be fun to show you pics of where I work. My husband has been self-employed for the past 10 years (yeah!) and I recently shut down my freelance graphic design business to go to work for his company.
I was surprised how much I grew to like this book. I wasn’t sure in the beginning if the tale was going to be well told or not. At times I felt like the author didn’t complete thoughts for me…didn’t fully set a scene. I’d just pop into something days after the last scene. Not a whole lot of prep for that.
KITCHEN RE-DO
–since your alts are all account bound, you cannot make alts on other servers. Solution: they allow you to be a “guest” on any server at any time. Or you can transfer your whole account.
I’m absolutely fascinated with birth order, which suggests that your birth rank amongst your siblings affects your growth and personality. Many firstborns are good leaders, competitive, and task oriented. Fun factoid: the majority of U.S. presidents are firstborns or only children. Middle children are a mixed bag; they are often creative souls or peacemakers, but they can also be rebels. Picture middle born Madonna. Chloe is a classic “last born” or baby of the family (ala Jim Carrey and Rosie O’Donnell). Chloe has this big, bold personality and is great in social situations. She loves people and performing, hates conflict, and wears her heart on her sleeve. She’s based on my baby brother and youngest daughter.
This time, I’m actually gonna let you know what’s been going on in my life! WOOHOO!
Schindler’s rather unsavory nature is then shadowed by a long series of good actions, in which his own factory becomes a camp in which innocent prisoners are treated like people, and given a good diet. Jews with occupations like musician or teacher are given forged papers, stating that they are metal workers and therefore “essential” to the war effort, saving them from deportation. Schindler reportedly kept SS officers out of his camp, either from bribes or invitations to come drink in his office, after which the soldiers would be too soused to remember their purpose at the camp. At one point, Schindler saves a young woman from Nazi Commandant Amon Goeth‘s (whose past-time was sniping prisoners from his balcony) home in a card game. Goeth would later be executed not far from the concentration camp he terrorized, though it took three tries for the noose to be effective.
While Argentina still has few financial ties with the world and very little bank credit, contrary to repeated forecasts of doom from orthodox economists, the economy is roaring ahead. Although hit by post-Lehmanism in 2009, when the economy contracted by 2-2.5%, independent economists believe the economy there grew over 6% in 2010. Tax revenues are rising steeply, and reserves have climbed to $50 billion, thanks to a healthy trade surplus….despite the steady flight of capital from Argentina. Since the 2002 default, Argentine GDP has grown by 79.5%
This book is written with the dual narratives of Simon and Zoe. Zoe is constantly alone because her father is always visiting her terminally ill mother in the hospital. Not only is Zoe frightened to see her mother in such a state, it seems that both her mother and father has shut her out during this difficult time. She feels ashamed that she is complaining about not having anyone around her while her mother is wasting away in the hospital. Simon is also very much alone. He is a 300 year old vampire who is desperate to make a connection with someone or something in this life. His only reason for living is tracking down the evil vampire who made him and getting his revenge. On a dark night when Zoe feels stifled by her loneliness inside her house, she goes for a walk and meets Simon for the first time. Without a word, their eyes lock and curiosity stirs inside each of them. But can their love endure what lies ahead for both Simon and Zoe?
AnGeleve
- 1 1/2 cups spelt flour (720 cal)
belonged to me
(Note: If you have a larger bird, you may need to increase the ingredients and roasting time.)
And then comes the official release tour. My release party will be held at the amazing King's English bookstore in Salt Lake City on October 12th (Tuesday) at 7:00 pm. To all my faithful and long time readers and friends in Utah, please come. Please come!
Green and Blacks Organic Chocolate $1.00/1 - expires 4/30/2011
EPO Examiners are increasingly taking a strict view of variant sequences, and may want further limitations in the claims so that only useful variants are covered. Normally the variants are required to have a particular activity. However if possible the application should identify preferred variants defined by specific sequences and the application should include data for variants.
Acts 22:10
The Undertones - Teenage Kicks
We continue to praise God for the health she has and to pray that she can continue in it and improve it over time.
Of all those who guessed correctly we randomly drew one winner! Congratulations to Michael Graham! Please send an email to info@zipfizz.com with your shipping address!
So, in summary, despite having somewhat conflicted feelings about this dress I will endeavour to wear it more often.
RECOMMENDATION: Comic Book: The Movie is a much better mockumentary to watch. This is basically the same thing, but with making horror movies instead of comic books. And with a cast full of nobodies instead of a cast chock full of known people who work in the industry.
2) Sara Crewe (A Little Princess) all grown up. Or newly grown up! Or, honestly, ten minutes after the book ends, because I love her.
One North Carolina county is already using UAVs to monitor public gatherings. That reeks. I'm sure Hitler is jizzing in his grave. And this isn't the first time CyberBUG aerial drone has been used; The company claims it was used to watch for "unruly behavior" and "alert authorities about accidents" during the 12th Annual Southern Maryland "Blessing of the Bikes" in La Plata.
“our banks are brutish institutions run by brutes”. Ever thought why? How many new UK banks have started in the last 10 years? Its a very short list for a reason.
A study by the organisation Resources Aimed at the Prevention of Child Abuse and Neglect (Rapcan), released in March, confirmed that shutting down the units had been a failure.
588 ***D-X/17/1969. “In Search of the Soulless ‘Self’.” Symposium on Ethical and Social Problems in Neuro- and Psycho-biological Research, National Institutes of Health, Bethesda, Maryland. (The transcript includes an exchange thereafter with B.F. Skinner.) (Incorporated in Item B-2, above, pp. 87-96, 281-83 (1975), and in Item C-2003(2), above, pp. 796-98.)
It seems I am writing these Friday posts more and more frequently - time is flying and I cannot believe we are nearly into full-blown Spring. I'm going to need to take a mental picture ... click.
Vet rang me this morning to say that he was recovering extremely well and I could go and fetch him.
like the weary bones of my grandmother
7. Wind Quartets
Mini Moog (15-01-2001) - Cult electronic instruments that helped to shape modern music.
what kinds of lies do you tell?
You say 'there's no sex in the bible, that's a sin and therefore shouldn't be there. Also, you're going to hell for talking about it, and because you touch yourself at night.' Well, that's wrong- I touch myself all throughout the day. And if I went to church, I would probably be touching myself there too.
Officials said that one reason for concern is the continuing role of Saudi bomb-maker Ibrahim Hassan al-Asiri, now regarded by US and European authorities as one of the more dangerous and imaginative AQAP operatives presently at large.
It’s going to be judged by Tim Burton, and the movie comes out June 22nd.
Both of the presumptive Stanley Cup faves are out in the first round and now one of these four Western Conference teams will eventually play for the Cup – Nashville, LA, St. Louis or Phoenix. What are Canadian fans to do?
Is this a Bad Thing?
at a time
I started writing a post the other day about the angst I sense in some of my fellow writers. Then I deleted it, feeling sure that what I wanted to say would offend. But the thing is I keep reading angsty stuff – and it bothers me that people would waste so much energy in being counter-productive. There, I’ve said it.
Good Monday morning everyone! I do hope that you have had a wonderful weekend.
What if they say no? What if she doesn't want to meet me? What if the only available times for us while I'll be in her town are not convenient for her family? What if...?
"You're real,” Daphne said. “But not right now."
Anywho, we had a small get together at my mom's.
Tommy Voyles of Kannapolis, NC came by with shop with his keeper puppy drum Monday morning for a quick photo. Neal Efird of York, SC emailed his 30″ red drum photo to us Monday afternoon from the beach. Will Birney of Elkton, MD also had a beautiful 30″ red drum Monday and shared his photo. Dan Friday of Asheville, NC shared his beach photo of another 30″ red drum as well. Richard Bergeron of Mount Pleasant, NC and Mike Penninger of Concord, NC also had several red drum on Sunday afternoon and shared their pictures with us. See these photos here.
A lot of this has been about relationships – both platonic and not. A friend once said to me, “If a person is draining your energy, not supplying it, cut them out – there’s not enough time in life to deal with the suckers.”
This simple craft involves a pot, some paint, and a little imagination. The flower pots can be as simple or elaborate as your kids like and can be embellished with glitter, buttons, bows, etc. Fill the pot with a small flower or plant, or even some treats for Mother's Day!
In my opinion, the only restaurant worth getting excited about in Los Angeles at the moment (I can already taste the blowback from that comment) is Red Medicine. This buzzy, industrial spot just on Wilshire is the brainchild of Jordan Kahn, who, started off at the tender age of 17 at the French Laundry, the youngest chef ever to work there, and made his way as a pastry chef through Per Se, Alinea and Noma. At Red Medecine he cooks up a "homage" to his love of Asian cuisine (especially Vietnamese), and although the plates sometimes groan under the weight of the herbs and flowers piled on, the cooking is fresh, bright and unusual.
How and why to cry ’til dry
There was a wonderful moment in the finale when Alicia, her ex-husband Peter, her new (and now ex, and boss) Will, her ex-rival (and now colleague) Cary, and several others have an encounter in the lobby of the law firm. Barely anything is said, but the tension is palpable, awkward and entirely ludicrous – and only broken by the arrival of another lawyer’s child, loudly bouncing through in a walker. The scene says everything and nothing about these people’s relationships, but is just another reminder of how nice it is to see these people interact.
The bombing campaign targets, typically for this US/NATO strategy, include more non-military civilian infrastructure (schools, hospitals, residential areas, and utility (water/electric) plants) than military. As if the obliteration of every aspect of civilian infrastructure necessary for normal life weren’t enough, the bombardment, again typically for US/NATO attacks, includes the use of Depleted Uranium weapons. For those of you who missed that class, Depleted Uranium, a “highly mobile indiscriminate killer and permanent terrain contaminant,” is defined by The Geneva Convention as a Weapon of Mass Destruction.
I flipped the sketch and went horizontal instead. I also moved the title more to the right.
The scars are not overtly noticeable on Murphy’s face these days, six weeks since it all started, and his coat is a bit mottled but smoothing out. Missing fur notches the edges of his ears; it reminds me of the worn patches that decorated the ears of the stuffed rabbit I kept close to me at all hours as a little boy.
I’ve just mopped up urine in the foyer for the second time this morning. Dusty containers of tile and grout sealer, unopened and mocking, sit just behind the hall closet door.
i really loved the style of the sweet little girl's room that i painted this week. everything was shabby chic, and while it's not what i always do in my own home, i do love it. look how pretty and girly and dreamy this room is! anyway, i also painted clouds on the ceiling...they are more dreamy-like in real life, but you get the drift........
The last excuse I’ll claim, I was a boy who loved a woman like a little girl
Spaniards enraged by politicians’ failure to reverse economic policies that have left one in two young people out of work took to the streets in force over the weekend: here.
So where does that leave my specific customer? I provided him with a few articles (including the study I linked previously) that showcased how brand confusion and an abundance of choice could be significantly hindering his success. At the very least we established that limiting his advertisement to one brand would not hinder him (we know this because his main competitor has one brand and is very successful). Begrudgingly (I hope he doesn’t read this) he has agreed to change his advertisement (although he may really just need the money from me to advertise). We plan on tracking his leads, his close rate, and his customer satisfaction levels. We both hope that the studies and research are correct.
So true.
Driver
well, at least I think the efforts of activists as Jane Burgermeister and many others (my contribution was very small – merely and mostly copying their materials) finally bear the fruits ! now even such a corrupt rotten propaganda machine as Nation finally decided to post something on the matter. truly amazing.
Next was Anne, with some lovely cards which you can see here. Four gorgeous cards, all different and all made whilst under the stress of her Mum being unwell and in hospital, plus some other issues. A worrying time Anne and we all send our love and best wishes for your Mum's recovery - better still girls, why not hop over and say hello. I see that Mrs A and Brenda have already been and commented - bless.
By 1801, the former slave was supreme ruler of San Domingo. He strengthened ties with the British, who helped keep his troops well armed in exchange for supplies from the naturally rich island. In 1800 he invited whites back to the island, assuring them they would be well treated. A few thousand returned. He gave many back their plantations and ordered most blacks to work for the whites and for the state. The powerful military made short work of anyone who opposed this neo-slavery. When L’Ouverture’s nephew, a black general named Moyse, led a revolt against these “pro-white” policies L’Ouverture put down the insurrection and executed his nephew. In 1801 he drew up a new constitution and appointed himself “Governor for life” with the right to appoint his successor. Much like post-colonial African leaders, the “black George Washington,” as he is often called, made himself dictator.
28-Tracky Birthday - the nanahsong + easy cash shit ad
miniCASTER® introduces HDMI model and releases a new firmware before NABShow 2012.
Killer Queen
The frame was purchased from the pound shop, yet again I fought my way through chavs and really hoped that my bag didn't split and the frames ( I bought two) didn't grown legs and scurry across the floor.
One last thing…I believe every American of every background has been endowed by their Creator with the right to pursue happiness, and if that makes liberals unhappy, I’m going to continue to find ways to help poor people learn how to get a job, learn to get a better job and learn some day to own the job.
Stamps: Papertrey Ink -Delightful Doilies; SU - Sincere Salutations
The modern short story is often to be found hiding in a novel, often an Irish novel. English novels tend to go for the one broad arc, like a cast iron bridge by Brunel, with some curlicue and filigree to give texture. The Irish novel tends to have a single structuring principle, which is used to give a different kind of unity to a thousand shards of story, mosaiced. The English novel is made of iron and is cast, the Irish novel is made of everything and is assembled. You see it in the many styles of Joyce’s Ulysses, the many sources and voices of Flann O’Brien’s At Swim Two Birds, the various islands and incidents of Swift’s Gullivers’s Travels.
1 tablespoon fresh lemon juice
And laid out all the crayons
And my point was, no one should be trapped in a linguistics situation where they can’t go out and get a job and they can’t go out and work. So I would say as much as Governor Romney doesn’t particularly like my use of language, I found his use of language and his deliberate distortion equally offensive.
3.Mona Ray
Yeah, I guess they’re not so menacing nor barbaric at all… (Except for Mykage) Although they put a scratch on the academy.
Another common discussion topic was welcoming "the minorities withing the minority", as one person put it. Welcoming those from different ethnic backgrounds, those with different sexual orientations, different economic backgrounds... Another thing that the part of the unschooling community that goes to conferences (and this is a big point. I think there is far more diversity in the greater unschooling community, just not so much in the group that shows up to conferences) really needs to do is recognize that it is really not a very diverse group. The great majority of conference attendees are white and middle class, and I'm rather embarrassed that this fact didn't make more of an impression on me when I first started attending unschooling gatherings (though admittedly I haven't attended very many!). I have Erika Davis-Pitre to thank for that. She has so many important things to say on a variety of topics, and such wonderful insights. I enjoyed every talk of hers I attended and every conversation with her I had!
There were 23 people, I refer to them for the sake of clarity as Applicants, who submitted entries. I was only able to accept 22 to submit to the Random List Sequencer to generate the Recipients.
Looking into her face and seeing vulnerability.......
Sol Lewitt Merzbow Pulse Demon wall mural blowing the eyes out the back of my head like yellow hyper balls.
Most of you have heard that Travis and I both came across a book called Reclaiming Adoption, Missional Living through the Rediscovery of Abba Father. Right before Christmas, via a twitter direct message (oh, so thankful for social media!) Dan asked us if anyone in our church might want to host a house conference. So, yes, we were like 4 year olds in preschool raising our heads and stretching out of our seats hoping the teacher calls us on. Yes, Dan, pick us! Pick us. Okay, so Travis is a bit more subdued and probably didn't make as much of a scene as I did; but he was equally thrilled.
“The first medicine didn’t work, and now we are simply doubling the dose,” Wolfgang Bosbach told the Wall Street Journal last night, in relation to the Greek debt crisis. “My fear is that when the big bang happens, it won’t just be us who will have to pay – but generations hereafter.”
Come to life and dance off my lips
My point is this: If I wasn't convinced before that standardized testing is a bunch of hooey, I certainly am now. It's meaningless. And how much time, money, effort, worry and stress does it cost our communities and our kids every single year! It's wasteful and wrong.
Please let me know everyone how your Christmas was, and what are your plans for New Years? I'm going to this huge Greek party thrown by the Greek Knights! I'm so excited :) And I am excited to finally have a great New Years kiss!!
Snack: 15g carbohydrates
I decided to make a girly birthday card to add to my stock. The girls are always asking for cards so need plenty.
Amber Valley Borough Council has issued the following statement:
She grabbed at them and looked at me with pitiful puppy dog eyes
Shankar said: It will take months to get that transfer. Please do me a favour. I’m completely unarmed here. Please give me a revolver and a rifle. And give me some carbolic acid.
One of my New Year’s Resolutions was to exercise once a week. I take these things seriously. So my solution was to sign up for some sort of team sport. I figured if I dropped money and also had a group of people depending on me to show up, I might actually pull myself away from watching Law & Order long enough to be physically active.
The Traditional Knowledge Digital Library and the EPO
“I’ve been here since the start of that project and I share the same vision as Sheikh Mansour.
I’m still yet to find an Australian mozzarella that has some flavour in addition to the great texture of the stretched cheese, and this bocconcini was no winner. A small plate presented the thin slices of salty bresaola, of which I’m currently playing favourites with its porcine cousin, prosciutto.
This is a picture taken on my phone at the top of Parliament Hill today - if you've read Lia's Guide, it's the place where Lia and Raf go to fly her kite.
A new project between the universities of Reading and Oxford has seen the establishment of a Professional Development Consortium in MFL. The aim of the consortium is to close the divide between what research indicates are the principles of effective language teaching and learning, and current practice within the MFL curriculum. The project has been awarded funding by the Economic and Social Research Council (ESRC), one of only a very few to be supported by the fund each year.
Boneau defines Psychological Warfare (PsyWar) as a number of actions ranging from radio propaganda to torture, that require comprehensive information on targeted populations. In a document written in 1948, American ground forces defined “psychological warfare” as follows:
I am in the running for three awards at the moment.
I can see by the search terms that people use to get to my blog, that they are looking for information about plateaus on Optifast, or just plateaus while dieting in general. Lord knows that I have hit many plateaus in my way-too-many years of dieting. BUT, I have to say, that although I worried early on in the program about plateaus (after a string of days with no movement on the scale at home), the fact is that I never really hit a plateau while on Optifast. Every weekly weigh-in has showed a loss of at least a pound, and usually more. (My average weight loss per week, in fact, was about 3 pounds.)
Click the link below to go vote. You can vote as MANY times as you want. Thanks for your help!
And I'm still a mascara and lip gloss only girl on the weekends!
A brief respite is called for - preferably with good weather.
I served them with baked sweet potato fries and my Horseradish-Dill Mayo. It wan't exactly easy to recreate a dish I only tasted once in my whole life but Tom was more than willing to assist...in making them as well as eating them. And by the end of dinner, Tom was a lot less crabby :)
'Which ones haven't eaten all day?' I asked and the girl guided our hosed-down wife / mother victim to a tank full of piranhas.
An increasing number of foreign nationals began purchasing different types of properties, have ample opportunities within the italian people in italy, Maggiore, Garda and Lugano, which lie surrounded by some of the italian people in italy and available foods. Tuscany is also in high demand. For instance, if you are heading for the italian people in italy and has so much to offer for every occasion!
What you cannot see on the floor behind me is my constant pile of clothes I am trying to fold, at all times.
Pattaya massage girls may be very pretty, easy to talk with and downright amazing but they are not beer bar girls who wish to sell you as many beers as they can in the shortest time possible, attempt to get you to buy them a passel of “lady drinks” and then when the beer bar girls sense that you’re down to your last few bucks offer to visit with you back at your room for some extra bar-fine dough.
Bought a yoga class punch card and then not used all the classes? I have. Twice. Of course, the punch card expires and I'm out a whole lotta mula...and I've done this twice!? Duh. Do you think the most recent place will let me "renew" my punch card? I did have a baby recently...does that count as a good excuse for not being able to go consistently to yoga classes until now?
Hell might have frozen over.
The girls then chose a *lovely* shade of pink for their walls, and since we had just dragged them to the country away from their friends and schools...I was happy for them to choose whatever colour made them happy...(what was I thinking!!!)...
Mexico City: C.M. Mayo's office.
First of all, and you know I'm not spouting anything new here because this might be the least controversial thing I say, Jesus was a dirty fucking hippie. He walked around in sandals all the time, had long hair, a beard, and I defy you to find a mention of a shower in the Bible. Dirty. Fucking. Hippie. And you know he's smoking a shit-ton of weed. Premium BC Bud. Like I'm pretty sure all Canadians do. He's a Canadian fucking hippie stoner. The worst kind. At least American hippies play around in the mud and look like they are having fun tripping balls – the fucking Canadian ones just like to hang out on
greenhouse.
The next morning, newspapers were full of articles about an old couple found dead in the boarded up house in a quiet, well to do cul-de-sac. Nobody knew who they were or where they’d come from, and how they’d got in; the house had stood empty for decades. What they did know was that the old pair appeared to be in their nineties when they most likely died of old age. The police efforts to establish the identity of the couple came to nothing. After a while, they had to give up.
I still think leaving the kids off with the neighbors is a better idea.
and not the terrifying mall easter bunny.
The meal overall was amazing - to avoid a novel-length rave I will just include highlights here:
First, it is necessary to assert the vitality of a custom within the context of its own tradition. A Negro Spiritual is extremely edifying to African Americans or anyone else raised in that tradition. The dull, austere architecture of a Mennonite gathering hall is pleasing to the sensibilities of Mennonites. Certain types of high-tempo Christian rock music are edifying to Pentecostal Christians, for whom that sort of music is an integral part of their tradition. These customs are all truly vital within their own religious setting.
He knew she was his soul mate, he had started to lose faith.
JIMENEZ-GARCIA R, HERNANDEZ-BARRERA V, CARRASCO-GARRIDO P, SIERRA-MOROS MJ, MARTINEZ-HERNANDEZ D, DE MIGUEL AG. Influenza vaccination coverages among Spanish Children, Adults and Health Care Workers. Infection 2006; 34: 135-141.
I still haven't been able to grasp the idea that we are moving down south. Until a month ago, I was pretty settled that we were planting our roots in Connecticut and was comfortable with the idea that my children were going to be raised here. We were even looking at homes to buy in the area, since we've outgrown our tiny 1600 sq foot home. But this new job opportunity came up for my husband and we jumped at it. Never in a million years did I think I'd live in Georgia. We have made Connecticut our home for 10 years and love the area and the wonderful friends we have made. We call them our family. But everyone I've talked to tells me that I will love Atlanta. I will still have a city...just not New York City, which I will miss so much. And I will have the Florida beaches...not Cape Cod. DisneyWorld is not so far away. And I hear it's very family oriented. So, never say never. You just never know what life will bring you...or take you.
The second element was to frame the painting, and have the ship jut out of the frame. Cheap, but strangely effective. This was the rough template I used for the start of the painting.
"I don't mind the odd swear word in a story where it is relevant but there is a line and this book crosses it for me"
And, finally, your favorite Creamery Ice Cream flavor. (Well, okay, top two- it’s hard to choose!)
way. Also light brings fulfilment and joy. This is why He gave you the
“Well, a couple of things,” Ann said. “First, my husband is cheating scumbag. All I can do is hope he doesn’t know I’m dead yet.”
I saw Christians who dared to be God-like eagles. I started seeing that the Bible had spoken all along of a relationship with God that predates our human heritage:
I was finally satisfied the fire was out. The worst of the storm had passed, so the lightning was only occasional and not striking close any longer. The rain was only heavy, instead of a deluge. I rolled up the fire hose, made a quick tour to check and then headed towards the living quarters. I was soaked and the rain cooled wind was cold.
that file represented. When I came to the file marked "Lustful Thoughts"
How strongly do you feel about His resurrected life? Does your life depend upon it? If He is not risen your faith is vain and ye are yet in your sin as Paul declares in 1 Corinthians 15:17. He was raised for our justification and we are saved by believing and claiming Jesus Christ as Lord and saviour.
Two weeks later I was back in south Jersey to try and redeem myself at the Sandy Lane enduro. I knew the enduro format would suit me better so I was feeling good. We took off on row 62 and hit the first transfer section, some deeply whooped fire cut. I knew my suspension wouldn’t work and I used this section to do some testing. My shock was bottoming occasionally and the bike was wallowing big time. I stiffened everything up at the first reset and was good to go. The first section was a blast, tight flowing singletrack the whole way. I clipped a tree about halfway through with my handguard and went straight into another one. As I picked my bike up I noticed my fender was destroyed, but I still had the scorecard, so I took off! I checked out with a 5 and made my to the next section. I found more fast flowing singletrack, and was having a blast. We stopped for gas and continued on.
He hadn't had the time to harp on the concept, though, the coffee shop fully besieged by over-humans. It was just after dusk, when the damned things started picking up speed and moving too fast to avoid. Carter knew he should've been in hiding... somewhere safe, somewhere complicated to find and get to... but he was lonely. Needed the company.
One of my favorite things about Unity is the HUGE variety of styles to choose from!
In the first post in this series, I introduced you to the concept of the business of Trial Offers (or the Wonderful World of Freebies). In that post I showed you how you can sign up for a Freebies site, choose a gift, complete offers to get credit for the site and then refer others to your site to receive enough credits to be able to claim your gift.
Reinforcing this view of the British as anti-Israel and prepared to cooperate with the anti-Israel boycott, Wikipedia states:
Soul Hunter refers to the protagonist, Talos. An appropriately complex lead character, he's a former apothecary of the Night Lords legion, now a vision-tortured prophet serving a Daemon-possessed captain aboard a ramshackle vessel full of battle-brothers that despise one another and enslaved humans forced to dwell in the perpetual darkness the Night Lords favour.
What did you think of the Parkville Microfest? Will you be going again next year?
If you would like a copy of the May issue of Positive Words magazine, please send $5.50 (unused stamps, cheque or money order) to PO Box 798, Heathcote 3523, Victoria. Details are at right under ‘Submissions & Subscription Info’ along with information for purchasing from overseas. Please contact me at positivewordsmagazine@live.com.au if you need further information.
they never get dates. Because a life's unsure when fingers sprout branches,
Yes, I realize that Marilyn looks huge. That's because she is big.
Everyone makes masala chai differently, using varying levels of spices based on your preference. Cardamom and ginger are a must. A must.
At the Shimmering Flats racetrack in Thousand Needles, Brivelthwerp sell the ice cream from a boat.
Dr. Ahmad Al-Tayeb: We will be vigilant about this, of course. We will neutralize any political agenda of the Shiite students. On this we are in agreement with many Shiite scholars in Iran. Just as they reject any Sunni attempt to convert Shiite youth to the Sunni denomination, we have the same right, and we must exercise it.
Today’s Question: MLBaseball Perfect Games are rare. 27 batters. 27 consecutive outs. More men have orbited the moon than have pitched a perfect game. The MLB record for consecutive outs in one game is 36 batters up and 36 straight batters down set in May of 1959. Ironically, this pitcher was not awarded a Perfect Game. Can you name the pitcher?
The Holy Spirit moves and acts as He sees fit. We can be ready for the Spirit to show up. We can be open to the Holy Spirit but we cannot program the work and movement of the Spirit.
Right where I am today. Healed of some things. Still dealing with others. In process. Sound familiar?
“Why so sad? Today is grand!”
There’s a huge parade the following day, featuring bagpipe players, and Irish folk dancers, as well as the required floats and marching bands.
A new low in exhaustion.
Admittedly, these acts were obviously cut from our temple rituals because participants felt uncomfortable with the intimacy they suggest. This was especially the case for women — who were not allowed to have priestesses ministering at the veil ritual for them, but had to be received by a male priest to whom they were not married.
5 took
One small wheel of brie
WHAT – The Message
Also, longtime NABC employee Jeremy Kennedy is moving into a technical support role, with responsibilities to include draft line cleaning, delivery, bottling and anything else that comes up. Eric Gray and Ben Minton remain on the job as beer managers at the Pizzeria and Public House. We’re in the final stages of reformatting the beer program there, so look for the new bottled list to be launched in early April.
I LOVED ALL the suggestions and your input was wonderful. I will be using the ideas and when I use yours you will be notified and will receive a little gift from me. SO that means more prizes coming your way! :0)
Mr. Lawrence comes to see William in prison and insists that William not make clear at the trial that he was a friend of George. William really wants to tell the truth at the trial (he and Mr. Lawrence have a memorable debate about how William "admires" strong, muscular men like George, but Mr. Lawrence does not). Mr. Lawrence discourages against William revealing he was a friend of George's. When William ponders, "Friends aren't reliable witnesses?" Mr. Lawrence sits back in his chair and barks, "If you want my advice, please stop trying to provoke me with 'clever' questions."
LAG: What was your favorite moment in this novel?
Director, Defense Information Systems Agency (’00-’05); Commander,
The 1966 Socialist Scholars conference was organized by many of the leading radicals of the day including former and current Communist Party supporters Louis Menashe, James Becker, Philip Foner, Eugene Genovese, Paul Sweezy and James Weinstein - later a founder of the Marxist based Democratic Socialists of America, in which today Frances Fox Piven serves as an honorary chair.
If you still can, Go and Honor your parents in person. If they have passed away they can still be honored with positive words about they things they may have done right.
Meanwhile far away in another part of town
All of which is to say that even couples with little money have access to resources which can help them through the divorce process. So, though I am certain there are people out there who represent themselves because they don’t want to take advantage of the legal resources available, I find that the overriding motivation is generally some other, psychological or emotional reason.
Golfers of all skill levels are encouraged to compete, enjoy a great day of golf and support the National Kidney Foundation. Each qualified winning team and the second and third finishers will be invited to compete for the National Championship held at the famed Pebble Beach Resorts! If the U.S. Open or the U.S. Amateur is not in your future, this three-day tournament may be your only chance to compete for a national championship at beautiful and challenging Pebble Beach!
I'm exhausted, I'm sick, I'm feeling all kinds of pregnant.
* Microwave / Oven
This great image is by Whiff Of Joy - from the new City Girl Collection which can be ordered since thursday. I think, this image is perfect for a girls night invitation. And so thinks my oldest daughter which means that this card will go to her very best friend as a birthday gift...
and lest you think it's only hanging out with the fellas
He was walking toward me. Tears were still streaming down my cheeks but now they came from shame, not fear. I could see, in this new light, that every step I had taken was a step towards ultimate darkness and depravity. Every rationalization had been a lie. Every excuse had been simply that, an excuse. I was humiliated and ashamed of my wretched self and I bowed my head, wishing I could disappear back into the darkness and away from Him. But He continued to come. I could feel his eyes piercing through me, seeing through every lie, every deception, every wall. Looking down, I could see His feet when they stopped in front of me. I still did not have the power to raise my head to look at Him. A finger gently pulled my chin up so I was looking into His face.
In my estimation, these same defective people also tend to be inventors, progressives, activists, artists, writers: people who live outside themselves in order to help or change humanity. The thought, rather than the interaction, is imperative. No wonder this world is overwhelming to autists. They, in reality, live in a different world. In the autist world, words are a tool, not a necessity. Feelings and perceptions, the engines of sentient responsiveness to the world, do not need words. In order to interact with those feelings, perceptions...in order to find a place in the world, those thoughts must be given the structure of language. If you can't develop language to a degree to be able to interact with those who prefer language...you are seen as difficult, strange, cold, needing "fixed" when in essence you are only being true to yourself.
-Thanks!
Oh, and I can't forget some good reading material, that is an absolute must! I hope you all enjoyed a peek at what I travel with these days. Did I miss anything? I would love to hear your essentials and please, stop by Miss Dixie anytime and say hello!
King Banaian, professor at SCSU, has recently officially announced that he will be running for The State House of Representatives.
1 Good topics
Recently a student teacher in the Portland metro area was dismissed by the school district. (Here are the relevant stories, if you want context.) Because this story involved the student teacher being gay, there have been a lot of ignorant and hateful comments posted on the newspaper comment pages.
Vatican. Cesare asks Micheletto if the servant girl’s pretty. Micheletto says she has her charms. Cesare tells him he’ll have to find a way to silence her, and hope God forgives them.
where this grey will
After all, these are just words
Night Butterfly represents my vision of Goth subculture - those romantic dark creatures with all their beauty and stunning outfits.
In the morning - 90mins before we go to work. Don’t speak to us about anything, because we are getting our heads into work mode.
On the ground floor of the building is Eataly, a food emporium owned by Mario Batali and two other Italian chefs. It is 4,600 meter sq (50,000 sq ft) and opened in 2010. A chef stepped in front of me and picked up some tomatoes and walked back to his stall. That is the concept of Eataly, that food should be at its freshest and best. If you love food, walking around and sampling the food in Eataly is heaven. I just had lunch and was ready to have a plate of proscuitto but my daughter protested. I promised myself that I'll be back to eat but never got the chance to pass by the place again.
The ladies now act really paranoid. They are hesitant to leave the coop, they peer out and jump out for a few minutes then jump back in. I guess you could say our free range experiment is over. But in time they will have a much, much larger pen to roam in... but they'll still have to watch for hawks. We can't put a roof on a large pen.
It’s about time that I start walking seriously because the other day and today, after and during the walk I had a sore back. Getting pain in the back from walking? Really? I always knew my back was the weakest part of my body but at this point it’s almost ridiculous. I guess there is some muscles in there that don’t get use enough.
It seemed as if she was drawing attention to an unwritten natural law. ..
Also, the last picture in the post finishes off the behind-the-scenes for this event. It is a picture of me tweeting and blogging at the same time and Eric captured it right after the event. It is what I usually do after every event so I thought you should see how all of the events end!
-ASG
I am moving more thanks to this farm, my horses, and grandkids, and I'm going to the pool, steam room, and hot tub with my husband at least three times a week. We bought a monthly membership and I plan (please Lord) to take in some of the classes that come with the membership. I guess the only way to change is to change. Hello!!
I have made this card specifically for a very good friend of mine who has an ongoing chronic health condition: I found out a couple of days ago she's been a bit poorly and is off work, so I hope this will cheer her up! I really adore this kitty - she really cheers me up with the bunch of daffs which make me think of spring! :-)
That doesn't seem too wrong. We want our children to be accepted by Christian peers rather than be lost in the wrong crowd. The problem is that when that is the goal of youth group, the real purpose of the church is lost. The only valid purpose of the church is to hold one another up as we glorify God and spread his light to the world.
You’ll miss the mark
“I want volunteers from the First Church who will pledge themselves, earnestly and honestly for an entire year, not to do anything without first asking the question, ‘What would Jesus do?’
Then we had Pretoria magistrate Musa Chauke and his wife and son who were sentenced to 12 months in prison in November 2007 for the theft of containers at Vitamine Laboratories in Midrand, Johannesburg. The Magistrates’ Commission charged him on two counts of misconduct for sending emails containing “explicit pornographic material” from his workplace computer.
Remember this (Professor) when I make my own thoughts up on the next exam. My interpretations are as legit as those ‘certified’ to give opinion.
You can still sponsor me by visiting my online fundraising page:
TAN: a year? no way, that's ridiculous.
Do My World pictures have to be beautiful?
man, the word privileged messes with my dyslexia! just saying…
It's simple really. When using butter for cooked buttercream icings (meringue icings, French buttercreams, or boiled icings), the butter cannot be too warm, or the frosting will not set up properly and will probably stay a liquidy mess, not worthy of any cupcake. (There are ways to try to remedy this if this should happen .)
Revelation 7
Firebrand by Gillian Philip - first in a series following the exploits of Seth MacGregor - wild, unruly Sidhe warrior - an action packed, fast paced fantasy novel capable of surprising to almost the last page, with a cast of real living breathing characters. Published as a YA book but one for all lovers of fantasy regardless of age.
Now that both of my children are in school, I’m fairly disciplined about dropping them off, heading straight home, making a very strong cappuccino and settling down to a 2–3 hour session.
Max looked shocked. “Randy’s girlfriend is named Naomi. I’ve met her; she said she doesn’t know Heather.”
Who is it for? Anyone, homeschooled, unschooled, or schooled, who is in their teens through early 20's.
Note: The settings on this group allow only the group administrator (i.e., me) to send messages and see who has joined the group. So joining this Google group should only increase your e-mail traffic by one message per month.
Well, it's time get get Nut's (sic) again!
My brother, Chris and I standing in our soon to be CrossFit gym in Sarasota. You are looking at about 8,800 sqft and the wall in the back is another room with about 1,200 sq ft. Space wont be an issue.. haha. The torn down drywall on the left is where our store front glass is going to be. I have been waiting for this for so damn long and and its finally right around the corner.HEEEELLL YEAAAH. I honestly feel like a 7 year old kid waiting for Christmas to come but instead of getting presents, I am getting my own insane CrossFit gym that is over 10k sq ft, on the busiest road in Sarasota!!!..once again HEEEELLL YEEEAH We are still in the process of making a shitload of decisions but us four figure it out pretty damn quick when we are all together. Chris and I are moving up VERY soon to do whatever we can to help speed the process up while also working on some crucial marketing. Tanya and Jordan will be there a lot also.
Two weeks ago, during one of the frequent brainstorming sessions that our collective engages in over G+, we decided what we were missing was a physical archive of works. Between our website and blogs and their various links we could go back and see the various exhibits and pieces we've created as Seeking Kali. But, with a couple of face to face meetings coming up with people who could give us a leg up we realized we needed something more than a laptop to present our work.
There are many wonderful websites about bees – check out the National Geographic site. I LOVED the novel The Secret Life of Bees by Sue Monk Kidd which was later made into a movie of the same name. Ms. Kidd captured the charm and complexity of this wonderful insect. And to imagine that we get yummy honey and clean burning aromatic candle wax out of the bargain too!
I expected my muscles to shut down sooner or later during the race due to the climbing and the - more strenuously - downhill running. But they didn't shut down. Must have been the training. I was pleasantly surprised :)
On Christmas Day 2001 my father and I were standing at his mother’s grave having just laid a wreath. Dad was an intensely private person and, in the five years since her death, had never openly discussed his feelings about her. Now however the moment demanded that something be said. It was just the two of us. It was cold and silent. A statement of considerable poignancy was required, but nothing was forthcoming. I decided that he should be the one to voice it and resolved to wait him out. A minute passed, then five, then ten. Finally he spoke. These are the words that he chose:
-It is the only worldview that provides solid answers to 5 questions:
Honorable daughter number two sleeps with her cell phone Scotch-taped to her ear, so I called and advised her to search Emily's clothing from the last three days, conveniently still located on the floor of her room. The license was located, and as I returned to the Buffalo-Niagara International Airport I reviewed all the things I would like to say to the little darling. "You remembered your puppy but not your license?" "Maybe if you'd packed last night instead of ten minutes before leaving..." "Did you make sure you brought your brain? I'll wait while you check." I pulled up to the terminal where she was waiting, looking forlorn. "There you go. Have a good flight. Love you", was all that came out. All that rehearsing, for nothing. Oh bother. She smiled and ran into the airport, and I drove home. Again.
hurting the GOP?
I already had letters from a different project that I made when she was little. It was time to take that one apart and make a NEW project, so I painted them hot pink and hot glued them right on! I thought at this point, I was finished....but I was totally wrong. I hated it that it looked so plain. Needed something else. But what?
Here's a clean, simple masculine card made with a brand new set called Swingin' Spring from Gourmet Rubber Stamps! I love this classic image, and the cool fonts for the sentiment that goes with it! Perfect timing, too, because my oldest brother's birthday is at the end of May, and Father's Day is in June!
6 slide
Or barks or howls
I guessed that we waited about 20 minutes before we were called back. We went in to the back where the nurse checked us in and had us each get on the scale to check our weight. The nurse asked me to get on to check my weight I told her that I weighed more than what the scale went up to.
I may try to run and hide from God. I may even try to turn my back on Him on occasions in defiance. But He is always there in everything I see or hear. I cannot totally ignore Him. I am drawn to Him. I need to look back. I need to know He is there watching me as I "toddle" along through life. When I do glimpse Him I am struck in awe and wonder. I am entranced by Him. I am captivated by the Father more and more as I learn to become more like Him and embrace being held by Him.
So why doesn’t God step in and put a stop to all of this in judgment? Well, He will but not until this age of grace has run its course. Souls are still being saved in spite of the wickedness of man. God’s grace is still active. We see in 2 Corinthians 6:2 that “Now is the accepted time; behold now is the day of salvation.”
My studio is in The Liberties area in Dublin City. It's a drafty Old Victorian building that has twenty resident artists there at present This is a shot of a work 'When Your Talking Machine Glides' hanging on the beautiful iron arched window in my studio (studio 11) there.
With an appeal to go get this book out yourself and again copy N-’s memes in another brain, I’ll leave this section and get back into the meaty stuff, with the next section of the book…
Exhibition idea
- John Aubrey
I find that if you concentrate on the vowels, it will be easier to learn. Most of the consonant sounds are the same as in English. The only problems I've witnessed students having with the consonants, is keeping the "G" hard, and pronouncing the "J" as in "jump" or "jovial" and not with a softer "zh" sound.
And pretty Pandora
Q: Where is the boundary for the mind and soul? Until where is the mind, from where does the soul start?
So from my Bunker to your BOL, Ladies have a great day, and just remember don't be to hard on us guys today, because pay back will be a bitch next month for Fathers Day. hehehe
Easy, Peasy, Lemon squeezy!
It makes me think of how strong our relationship is.
On the international scene, he notched up 73 caps for the Three Lions and scored his only goal against Sweden in the 2002 FIFA World Cup. He also earned a place in the 2002 FIFA Team of the Tournament and the 2004 Euro Team of the Tournament afterwards.
"Indeed, there are close ties between the Soviet Union and the South African Communist Party, which, to a great extent, controls the ANC. Such influence began as early as 1917, the USSR now being very active in 10 Southern African nations: Namibia, Angola, Bothswana, Zimbabwe, Malawi, Lesotho, Swaziland, Mozambique, Zambia, and South Africa. Soviet activity, of course, often assumes covert forms. The Congress of South African Trade Unions (COSATU), for instance, formed near the end of 1985, actually is a new front for the ANC...." (South Africa and the Marxist Movement: A Study in Double Standards, Panos Bardis, p. 101)
So many years have passed, but I have never forgotten the contrast between the two worlds I grew up in--Colorado and California's Bay Area.
It felt even better than the victory on Opening Day. Because it proved something. That first game was NOT a fluke. It was NOT an aberration. The Kid CAN do it. The team CAN do it.
The deers make a beeline right out the door--
Saturday: Out
For now, gone are the days of encaustics. I will never understand how people can mail encaustics in the summer and it get to its destination without a melt puddle. Well, honestly, maybe it is because they don't live in Texas. Because we had such a mild winter (we HAD winter, yes???), I got almost no encaustics done. Sad. Made me sad. So, glendabaileydesigns will be making inactive my encaustic work soon. It's not 100 yet. Not quite yet. Looks like it will stay in the 80's for now.
"Facts and circumstances came to the FBI which indicated J.T. Ready was engaged in criminal activity in furtherance of his political or social ideology," Turgal said.
It’s so fun to watch Curly Cutie in action. So glad I was able to make this item for her.
i just feel so lonely tonight and wonder about you. i wonder what you are doing and if you are drunk like i intend to be in just a few short hrs.
Various versions of the unchallenged debut 'Rites Of The Black Mass' on CD from the private collection of former manager Brian Kenyon (Hellfire Productions) - thanks Brian!
Hughes is a good historian and a superlative TV presenter, but when it comes to the Eternal Mysteries of Female Wisdom and Power she does have a tendency to come out with sentimental, romanticised tosh. Her book on Helen of Troy is full of it. When it comes to someone like Helen, a figure of whom the only reliable thing that can be said is that she never existed, the temptation is probably too great to resist. But it is dangerous to present it as history.
An archival ink pad because I have been intending on buying one for ages.
“The emotional reactions we have toward people, whether attraction or repulsion, is not a matter of choice. Love Bank balances cause them.”
If Bersih 3.0 and Occupy Dataran were meant to peak before the polls, then they have been premature.
Wise muchachos admiring bursting breasts and swaying hips,
This recipe is side dish friendly so whether you like potatoes, rice or stuffing, salad, cauliflower, or broccoli. Whatever you choose they will all compliment this rabbit perfectly.
16. I have challenged myself to write six songs this year.
...i love the old intarsia-drawing on the armoire in combination with the South African hand embroidered picture on the little lavender pouch...
Maybe you’re intimidated by technology or hosting a webinar sounds like a daunting task. But it’s fairly easy to get started. And don’t worry, you also don’t have to be a huge company to host a webinar. Once you have one under your belt, you’ll find that you can use webinars for a variety of reasons, like showcasing your employees who possess expertise on a subject or even training your employees. So get out there, and start creating with these helpful tips.
GET ME THE HELL OUT OF HERE.
The tables where we ate were SO fun! First things first... I have to give a BIG shout out to Kristen, Candy, and Christine, who helped set these tables up. They were so awesome! Christine even picked up some of the plates and utensils at the dollar store for me. They were so nice, and even patiently folded the napkins exactly perfect for me. Thank you my patient friends!!! I am so lucky to have you!
This first card is one I did to enter a Penny Black challenge for colour. The three colours I chose to use were white, cream and green. The sentiment is one we all know but the stamp itself came from Penny Black. The flowers and spray were done from memory and I added the pearls after to give it a little something extra because it looked kind of bland. If I had Kittie's embossing folders I'd be on cloud nine! They are gorgeous!
One of my favourite things about this book is simply, flipping through the pages. The fun, creative designs are sure to bring a smile to anyone’s face. My only issue, when actually doing a project from any of her books really, is that it can sometimes be difficult to find the right ingredients. Yes, that can be frustrating but the beauty of her designs is that they don’t have to be replicated perfectly. There’s lots of room to feel inspired, to take an idea and add a new spin to it. A good example would be my Chinese New Year’sDragon. Whereas her dragon design looks much more fierce, mine looks, well, kind of goofy.
Some women shy away from weights because they are afraid of getting bulky. I am the complete opposite -- I love doing weights! They make me feel powerful, toned, and sculpted. I don't have as much definition as I used to, but would love to get back that muscle. It is very rare for a woman to get bulky, so embrace the weights! Muscle helps burn fat, so make it a priority. I try and include some weights in my routine about 3 times a week. I target all of the arm muscles and also use weights with lunges and squats.
Honestly, it is strange to me that a film like this couple become the highest grossing Bollywood film of all time, but after reading up a little on it, it made more sense. For one, Aamir Khan is apparently a marketing machine. He's already certainly a recognizable face worldwide with some talent to back it up. Couple this with the highest ticket prices ever for such a film (especially in India), and perhaps some negative (which becomes positive) attention from an author claiming he was under-credited for the story, and you have lines of people coming to see it. (Read about that controversy here.)
I hope that we all can be Thankful for the loving God we serve. His love is greater than any sickness we endure, and all we need to know this, is to look at our children, our pets, and the beautiful natural elements and how he designed the earth.
“Do I have a choice?” Brulee asked, resigned.
I debated long & hard about how to approach this challenge.
To explore New York to the fullest and not get blinded by its so-called glamorous sides, events, and anything that attracted them because of a famous TV show.
In '63 Harper took over right field for the Reds, becoming, with fellow rookie Pete Rose, the first of a new generation of Reds that would ultimately become The Big Red Machine. Tommy put up pretty good numbers on offense, most of them approaching those of Mr. Rose, who won that year's NL Rookie of the Year. Tommy did get named to the Topps rookie team. In '64 he moved to left, switching positions for the most part with Frank Robinson, and suffered a bit of a sophomore setback. Then in '65 he turned it on and though hitting a relatively - for a leadoff guy - .257 led the majors in runs scored with 126. A bunch of those runs were knocked in by recent post subject Deron Johnson. In '66 Tommy boosted his average a bunch but in '67 he did a big about face and after the season he was traded to Cleveland for Brad Raudman, George Culver, and Fred Whitfield.
What you’ll need:
Saturday we were up bright and early for St. Patty's Day out in Dallas.
Briana! Honey! You do realize that your baby could see this someday don't you? What a horrible, awful, ugly thing to say.
January 19, 2012 ~ Social worker mailed completed homestudy to agency.
Recently, I’ve joined an amazing site – the Internet is really a place where you can find anything. And I’m still looking for new blogs about writing letters. I have this small quirk – I love watching photos of the letter that people sent or received. Most of them are so beautiful. Unfortunately, I’m still new to mail art, but I hope it’ll change soon and I’ll be able to boast a bit. Also, I’ve fallen in love with ATC, so I hope to learn how to do them, because I want to trade with other Swap-bot users :).
Cesare returns toRomeand is summoned to his father’s rooms, where Alexander is relaxing with Cardinal Sforza. Sforza has news of a relative of his, Ludovico Sforza, who has some ideas on how to defeat the French. Cesare remembers this particular Sforza as being one of the ones who stood by while the French marched right throughItaly, but it seems Ludo’s ready to join with his countrymen now. He’s even gathering up a league of other leaders to fight. Cesare doesn’t seem too sure about all this, but Alexander’s mind is made up.
Adrenal stress further weakens immune barriers – GI tract, lungs, and the blood-brain barrier – in the body, by allowing foreign substances to enter the bloodstream and brain, weakening the immune system, and promoting inappropriate immune system regulation.
This is a really gross post. Yet, I am still writing it. This blog is kind of a record of our life...and this is what life has become...
Gild City Police Department
Il loro nome:The Comforters!
15. Fortified Live ft. Mos Def & Mr Man
And they have the nerve to demand that since they are a religious movement, all criticism should be silenced, and public funds made available to aid the spread of their violent criminal activities.
When I first heard of Playgirl their image had me very interested and I quickly set out to order their debut EP, 플레이걸의 24時. When it arrived first impression was very good - well designed packaging, pretty post cards with short bios, and paper dolls! Unfortunately I was not as excited when I got to the actual music and put it away after only a listen. Seeing them on stage it didn't take long before I decided to give them a second chance, and enjoying their retro sound as I'm typing this I'm happy I did.
The demise of Cliff Freeman and Partners last week marks the end of an era in many ways. First, it in all likelihood is the end of a certain comedic style — unless Freeman manages to move elsewhere — and it is also another death knell for agencies which rely too much on TV commercials as the default medium for advertising. By some accounts, among the problems the shop faced was that its emphasis on traditional forms of media over digital ones wasn’t in favor with most clients. (The faltering economy certainly didn’t help either.)
What is Email Relay?
– in order that the authority competent to take a substantive decision may profitably examine whether such proof and the other elements constituting an infringement of the intellectual property right relied upon exist, the customs authority to which an application for action is made must, as soon as there are indications before it giving grounds for suspecting that such an infringement exists, suspend the release of or detain those goods; and
dark nights
Next came the boys. I loved laying with each of them for just a minute since Audrey was still awake downstairs in the saucer, watching "Baby Praise." Reading a quick Bible story. Gazing up at Isaac's tent that he put on top of his bed (it is still crazy to me that he sleeps in his bed, IN a tent!) Then, moving to tuck in Aaron. I love that my big strong boy still begs for me to rub his back and his head at night.
And my rusty heart began to whir
The first thing she noticed was his boots.
It was a beautiful 47 degrees in New Jersey yesterday and tomorrow is supposed to be 65. Goodbye snow! Oh wait, they are predicting some for next week, but I am hoping it is a mistake…
a life has fallen apart
That none of it was true mattered little, the Democrats were in constant full campaign mode, seeking to seize full control over the country, using our Veterans and returning Heroes as props. They succeeded in seizing full control in the 2008 election that installed Barack Obama, hailed as the best thing since sliced bread and the messiah to many.
The starting point of this part of the AG's reasoning is that, according to Article 6(b) of Directive 95/46, personal data must be collected for specified, explicit, and legitimate purposes and must not be further processed in a way that is incompatible with those well-defined purposes. Collection of personal data, methods used in order to do so, as well as its purposes must be decided in advance. Further processing of personal data in a way that is incompatible with those purposes is therefore not permitted.
“I have the best news. Guess who is coming to visit?” Abbey blurted.
That’s messed up our Joint Understanding,
Mission: to incorporate the arts into the healing process.
They're exceptions to that, but they're rare.
All in all, it was a good class experience. I'm really looking forward to next week now. Hopefully some of my nervousness and worry will dissipate over the next few weeks.
That’s a great plan. No one gets in. You don’t get out. I definitely want some o that…... small smile. You cant have your cake and eat it too.
right before my eyes into a wistful woman, confessing
I'd had a debate with my former mother in law in the late 80s about this rumour, which, as I said I believed at that time. In an effort to convince her I was right, I sent her this "long lost" picture to prove I was right. At least she got a laugh out of it.
Being twenty means I no longer have the suffix -teen at the end of my age. As I've always said, you can fix just about any problem by throwing enough acne ridden, sexually frustrated, and mentally unprepared teenagers at it. But what good does a twenty-year old do, experienced with adult responsibility, not to mention the ability to make decisions rationally with one's brain rather than the libido. Logic is the enemy of success, especially in settings where the person who can yell the loudest is often the winner. Besides, who has to be around to pay taxes to fix all the shit that these kids go and destroy. Freaking brats on my lawn.
"Park Math" by Duck Duck Moose $1.99
I moved to Kauai about a year after I graduated college. Had an awesome job at an awesome company, but I had never lived outside of Houston (besides college), and I was ready for an adventure. The decision was made, and I was on a plane, in roughly a two-week time period. Now I understood this little holiday would eventually have to end, so I took advantage of every moment possible. I made tons of friends, went to the beach almost every day, tried out almost every restaurant in the guide book, shopped, cooked, and I even worked a little bit on the weekends at the Kalaheo Cafe & Coffee Co..I’m sorry I don’t have pictures of everything, but check out their websites!
I think what first got me curious about Obari was listening to him talk about his career on an online radio show. As a result, over the past few months I have examined his chronology of works(ANN) and I have come to admire him and his work.
This new generation of Spy Kids uses new hi-tech spy gear to take out swarms of enemies and catch the nefarious Timekeeper. Amidst the thrilling action, Spy Kid Rebecca maintains a prim and proper hairstyle that never fails to highlight her unique beauty.
we were ready to leave the forest to the animals.
Jesus had said that no one takes his life from him but that he lays it down of his own accord (10:18), and his death is indeed described as a voluntary act: he bowed his head and gave up his spirit (v. 30). The order of Jesus’ actions is important (Chrysostom In John 85.3). John does not say that Jesus died and then his head slumped over, but rather that he bowed his head, an attitude of submission, and then gave over (paredoken) his spirit. “At his own free will, he with a word dismissed from him his spirit, anticipating the executioner’s work” (Tertullian Apology 21). The very form of his death continues to reveal him as the obedient Son, the key theme regarding his identity throughout his ministry. As the obedient Son, submissive to the Father, he fulfills the type of the true King, confirming the message of the sign over his head.”
On popular measures of “severity” (the CARS, the ADI-R improperly used as a scale, the SRS), an autistic who has one or more very high apparent abilities (that is, has a highly uneven profile of apparent abilities) will score as more "severe" than an autistic whose apparent abilities are uniformly low.
Who the fuck is this Asami Sato character?! She seems like such a useless addition to the cast. The appearance of Asami is the first real qualm I have had with the Legend of Korra so far. Was she introduced just to create tension and confusion between Korra and Mako? Do I smell a love square(ish) thing emerging? Ok lets take a moment to draw this out: Bolin likes Korra, Korra likes Mako, Mako likes Korra? Mako most certainly likes Asami, who likes Mako back. Pheww that is a mouthful. The dialog between Asami and Mako felt forced, on a first “date” who tells the other person about their personal financial woes? In addition, after knowing each other for a matter of days Asami is already telling Mako that he “makes her feel safe.” The scenes featuring these two just disrupted the flow of the episode, which was disappointing to say the least. I don’t at all mind the romance aspect to this show, in fact I think that it adds an important dimension to the series, especially because they are upwards of 17 years old (so I would expect nothing less of hormone driven teenagers), I just think that Asami is nothing short of a useless character who takes precious screen time away from characters I actually give a damn about. The one and only reason that Asami is at all an important character is because now her father is funding the Fire Ferrets so that they can compete in the Pro-bending championships. So I guess I should really be thanking Asami because now I will be treated to some more Pro-bending action scenes, I don’t have to like her though, do I?
Me too, Belle. Me too.
48) I thought Christopher Eccleston was pretty good as the Doctor. I don't much care for David Tennant as the Doctor. The Spouse Sparrow says I'm not allowed an opinion, as I'm a bloody Yank.
I have two pieces from two separate bodies of work in the show, one from Devices and one from Relics. Each body of work has its own specific focus (More can be viewed on my website) but in general my work raises questions about the intrinsic values of physicality in contemporary America with respect to sedentary living."
I’ve been gifted with the ability to hear – even smell – three-dimensionally. Yeah, I said “smell.” I can’t explain it, but many smells come to me as multiple parts, perhaps molecules, but aromas and odors also trigger vivid memories. One of my most annoying habits (if you’d ask Kelly) is that I often smell my food. I don’t just mean sniffing the air or taking a deep breath to draw in the fragrance of life around me. I mean slicing a piece of meat or digging a fork into green beans, lifting the morsel to my snout and smelling. Not every bite, not every morsel, but often enough that it borders on weird. It’s hard to explain.
I bought a hat in Grand Cayman to protect my aging skin. This is right before it flew off my head and I made a nice spectacle chasing it. Yep, still got it.
Enabling this type of guy are a legion of moms and girlfriends who pay his bills, pick up his mess, lend him their cars, and keep him supplied with alcohol and a steady diet of snacks.
“This funding will be used to offset expenses incurred to intercept and secure the MV Sun Sea and to process the migrants on board in accordance with Canada’s domestic and international obligations,” the Treasury Board said in a statement.
Whichever way you look at it, this cycle continues in our world. And, it begs the question: did God will this to be so?
Makes 6 dozen.
still in the fight, angel wings this night,
Here's the card and present I've made for the little girl Eleri said she didn't want to be friends with anymore (they're upstairs playing at the moment LOL!)
His designs are incredible works of art. The work, the craftsmanship, in my opinion, worth every penny and more. I found him to be strong but not necessarily overbearing, his world is full of beauty, as he said, he just loves beautiful things.
Clearly, I haven’t made enough stuff to actually wear things EVERY day, (unless I wear the same things for 4 days straight), but I can at least make the effort!
When the index is updated?
On my way to work recently, I saw a rickety bmtc bus going lopsided and making sounds like a thapanguchi song(popular
Christ being raised from the dead dieth no more : death hath no more dominion over him. For in that he died, he died unto sin once : but in that he liveth, he liveth unto God. Likewise reckon ye also yourselves to be dead indeed unto sin : but alive unto God through Jesus Christ our Lord. Rom. vi. 9
Vivan los Tacos!!! Let the games begin.
Our next doctor's appointment is on Wednesday, and I'm looking forward to see how much you've grown and making sure that you're on track. It's so comforting to know that each week you get bigger and more likely to be strong enough to survive if something happens and you decide to come early.
In her free time, Alyssa enjoys photography, water skiing and cooking for family and friends.
Cafe Jireh is a favourite for coffee and cakes. They boast the best Custard Squares on the Island
We had a blast in California, it was a great time and we spent plenty of nice quality time together which was nice & I hope Alexa has a lot of fond memories of this trip. She says "you're such a cool mom...you've taken me to Chicago and San Francisco all by yourself...most mom's don't do that" LOL. Then she follows that up at dinner telling someone that most of her friends want her to hang out sometimes but she'd rather hang out with me instead...so her friends call her a dork LOL. The teacher asked in her English class for everyone to write a paper on who they most admired...amazingly Alexa wrote about me...it was lovely, probably one of the most touching things I've ever read. So I guess in 16 looooong years I have been doing "something" right, yes? Cuz as parents we never really know or feel like we are getting thru sometimes to our kids...especially teens KWIM! So it was great to celebrate her 16th birthday with this trip...something I'll always remember!
Cornstarch
So where does that leave me now?
The Homeowner
You might want to tell Primo that throughout his day not one health care worker, including docs, RNs, and subordinate personnel knew enough to say "lie" vs. lay. When we saw Maria for a brief time on Sunday, we asked how things were going at college, and she enthusiastically responded "good," instead of well. We didn't correct her. I remember how you chided us at the dinner table at Stephanie's house when Dad mentioned/corrected Maria about "these ones." One is either fur or agin maintaining English usage standards. The most egregious example I ran into recently was a quotation by billionaire, Mayor Michael Bloomburg of NYC wherein he talked about young people "graduating college."
at young men's bodies,
I have never known that home baking can bring so much nice feelings throughout the entire process. I treasure the peaceful and serene moments when I go about the preparation...be it whisking a bowl of egg whites...or working hard on a lump of wet and sticky dough. I enjoy each 'aroma therapy' session when the cake is baking in the oven while I went about doing my other daunting chores. What a bliss to be wrapped around with the sweet scent emitting from the oven...be it coming from the chocolate, banana, vanilla or lavender...but of course, there's always the occasional burning smell which would send me dashing into the kitchen ;'p
Turning to a uniformed officer with the 32nd Precinct, she said, "Just look in his pocket for his wallet, it be right there. We just want to know if that him."
“We can’t free these ones,” Dad said.
There are a number of stunning yet practical designs worn by Arthur and the few other female characters in the film. The main draw for me, style-wise, is the male attire which is categorically dapper and well suited (pun intended) to the respective wearer. Dressed in a tux or dropping his hat, Stewart never looked so charming.
As days are passing and we are flooded with memories, look who shows up…that’s right…. sure enough…it’s joy, happiness and love. They snuck in the back door. These 3 amigos are always welcome! I love that they always bring that big ole third wheel comfort along. Comfort is all warm and fuzzy….it just has a way of making everything better.
My brother’s 49th birthday would be today. Yesterday my cousin — the youngest son of my mother’s sister — was found dead in the house his parents had paid for him to stay in. Drunk, he’d had a seizure, fallen face down and apparently asphyxiated. He’d been cold for hours when his father discovered him.
Yay, it's Friday! I hope everyone is looking forward to the weekend even if you're not doing anything special. We're planning a weekend of re-organising 2 of our bedrooms. They're becoming a bit of a dumping ground for stuff that needs to go back in the loft (like the big pedestal fan that I doubt we'll need again before next summer, lol) and stuff that has nowhere special to live so they need sorting out before it gets out of hand and we end up with nowhere for our Daughter and her family to sleep when they visit, lol!
Around the Jellystone table, others enjoyed the unique offerings at Chalateco including tripe tacos and pupusas revueltas. There were even sides that looked like coleslaw and came in Ziploc bags and that Kimi said tasted like kimchi. Quite a cultural mix! The overall opinion around the table was that Chalateco was muy delicioso.
The sun will shine for ever while we make hay
Someone showed me the original video and I liked it, I had some problems with it but over all I thought it was a nice way to get the message out. So I posted it right away. I stand corrected. Thank you, Sye TenBruggencate via TheChocolate Knox, that showed me this "fixed" version.
Today was my last day of work before holidays. There was a very brief nanosecond just before I fully woke this morning when I thought oh crap, what have I done! Why on earth have I registered for a half Ironman. But that thought evaporated just as quickly. I’m excited – I have a goal that is really worth getting excited about. It’s a challenge, I acknowledge that, but I’m up to it. I love pushing the boundaries!
Oh was she not kidding.
5. Do you manage electrical needs internally or is there an outside company that manages that for you?
We went shopping for a friend together.
———, Theologies in Conflict in 4 Ezra: Wisdom Debate and Apocalyptic Solution (Leiden: Brill, 2008).
No mohawk.
Thrown into the nuthouse, Briant becomes Bosie to Frankenstein’s Wilde, helping the Baron with his latest bodybuilding project. Screenwriter Elder, having played fast and loose with series continuity in the past, now makes amends by giving the Baron those injured hands last seen in CREATED WOMAN, and having him attribute the injuries to “a fire… in the name of science.” Of course, regular viewers will recognise this as a little white lie, or at least a grotesque distortion. But it allows us to conclusively place MUST BE DESTROYED earlier than CREATED WOMAN, although a case could then be made for CREATED WOMAN coming after this one, but let’s not go there.
6)Cibola NM, Elk
Sun-tanned, drink in hand, lying there in bed.
The ideology of American foundations was created by the Tavistock Institute of Human Relations in London. In 1921, the Duke of Bedford, Marquess of Tavistock, the 11th Duke, gave a building to the Institute to study the effect of shellshock on British soldiers who survived World War I. Its purpose was to establish the “breaking point” of men under stress, under the direction of the British Army Bureau of Psychological Warfare, commanded by Sir John Rawlings-Reese.
I'm sure you can imagine. I'm reduced to a puddle of tears. It gives me a pit in my stomach.
Recently I expanded my easy shop, which I've also renamed Fairy Tale Designs, to include jewelry in addition to my art. (I also really would like to have some of my art made into pendants for necklaces, but I'll tell you more about that once I've decided to get that rolling.) I've only made a few pieces so far, mainly earrings (click above for links to individual items in my shop) and I'm having a sale through Valentine's Day, everything 20% off.
Wouldn't it make more sense to have all Witches be called Witch, no matter their gender? Why do we need the distinction between males and females that practice magic?
There's been a deliciously disturbing development in my neighbourhood.
salt- 1 tspn ( as to taste)
and long my eyes fast sailed on to another girl
“The term jihad is, indeed, ‘often misunderstood,’” the report replies, “primarily because faulty definitions like this are prevalent in academia and the media.
I don't remember ever having these at my grandmother's (my father's mother), but I do remember my mother making them quite often.
One of the slightly annoying things about fashion is the difference between the raw creative vision that is sent down the catwalk and the manufactured version of that vision which ends up on the shop floor. Sometimes the difference means a designer's original flight of fancy is made more wearable for the average human being and therefore more commercially viable for the design house.
Contented beasts not often seen
What did you particularly like or dislike about the pattern?
I begged Tracey to call Erin back and if there was any possible way (bar life threatening situation) to have the ambulance wait for me. Ultimately, I knew I would have to trust the paramedics to make the right call, but if there was anyway possible, I wanted to avoid a trauma that would surely put Logan in therapy until at least highschool!
Hope you enjoyed my super quickie card! I love Easter!!! For the Christian, it is at the very heart of our faith and hope, in that since Jesus arose from the dead, victorious over death, we too will be given everlasting life! Death is not to be feared, because if we know Him as our Savior we know we will be with Him eternally! What an awesome and joyous thought! I am wishing YOU Easter JOY!
Using Jonah once again, God had to deal with his sin of disobedience. When that was rectified God again spoke to his wayward prophet. In Jonah 3:1-3a we pick up the dialogue.
I don't update my blog quite a lot, but I'd like to think that when i do get around to it- someone out there gets really stoked.
As I mentioned above, I always bring this with me in my purse when I'm running errands or going places. I've never needed to use it yet to do a touch-up; which says a lot if you knew how much I struggle sometimes with how my makeup stays on my face. I haven't had the chance to test this out in the summer, but I bet it performs just as well!
04 You Shook Me
They're awesome because you can dress them up or keep them casual.
i’ll cut out my smile
The day before our visit, our cell phone rang. It was Tante Adrie. Our conversation went something like this:
As I read this I thought of how I'd feel if I were a black woman during these times. No protection from police officers and laws. I also thought about if my little daughter were growing up during these times and that hurt me more. To think if innocent children being treated like they were trash straight from birth.
WIP, With a Cherry on Top, collage/acrylic, 15 x 30
This might not be a good idea.... all my walks were with....
Completed Projects:
“More than men, women are the victims of the war. They have different priorities to those of men. They have more concern about issues related to violence in general, and gender-based violence in particular. Women have faced discrimination so they want to put a stop to discrimination. All of this will contribute to preventing another genocide.” (2)
See, for all their speed, aggression and ferocity, Slayer are a band of accomplished musicians who know their way around their instruments and how to put a song together. Many bands cite Slayer, and especially the album Reign In Blood, as being a major influence on their song writing. Their have been many Thrash releases since Reign In Blood and not one of them comes close to being what this album is, not even Slayer‘s own releases.
Before she could answer, he steered her across the hall and opened the door to a small, tidy office, then closed the door behind him. “Sit down and talk to me.” He remained standing.
That' all for now..gotta get back to work.
The mind, body and world are experienced to be unreal as objects but real as awareness, just as the fields in a film are unreal as fields but real as screen.
If the northern terms seem more familiar to you, that indicates that you have been exposed more to the northern point of view in the past. It just isn't the only way of looking at the situation, that's all.
Hi everyone! Last night we had a birthday dinner for our SIL. He turned 40 so it was a milestone birthday! I wanted to make it as NICE as possible. I will share the table either tomorrow or tues. but wanted to share this recipe with you and will link to On The Mneu Monday at Stonegable and Foodie Friday at Designs by Gollum. Dave's favorite vegetable is corn so I had to "kick it up a notch". I have made this before and he really likes it so onto the menu it went! We also had FABULOUS filets, Joe's wonderful crab cakes, Mashed potato casserole,and macaroni and cheese. Tracy made the potato casserole and the mac and cheese. She also brought 2 cakes: one for Dave's birthday and one for our anniversary, which was a big surprise!!!! Here is the recipe and then I will share a few shots with you too!
Change Pads
When I asked Deb to come all the way out to California to teach me about flash photography, I also invited her beautiful daughter to come along. I knew that Chloe and Pearl would love to have a playmate, and I was eager to meet the beautiful daughter whom I had admired in photos for nearly three years. As it turned out, she was everything I ever imagined..........she is not only beautiful, but she is also smart and sweet and a very special girl. I am honored to have the priviledge of meeting her and I am thrilled that my girls both think the world of her. They liked her so much, that we may have to make a trip to Atlanta sometime in the coming year (if they'll have us).
Peter has done a nice job posting more about the church there on the left, l'Église Saint -Merri right here.
Oink-oink!
While he do his work, he look at a picture on his table. It’s he and his lover, Junsu. He stroke Junsu picture.
After feeling up my arms and legs and back, she asked me to lift my shirt and started feeling up on my chest. She asked about the malformed, protruding sternum, “And this one’s from birth?”
There is almost a darkly comic aspect to watching Roy getting roused from his stasis by the distant sound of music (particularly from his neighbour, the noveau riche moneylender Ganguli, who represents the modern expedient aristocracy poised to replace Roy). In a series of moves to rival Ganguli, Roy tries to upstage his rival with rousing Indian classical performances of song and ballet. But in doing so, he guts his own remaining funds including his wife's jewels.
We really had a great Easter this year. First, the weather was incredible. Sunny, warm and dry. It was just a gift in itself and we were outside alot this weekend.
If you want to see who else is joining in the fun or if YOU want to participate, you can sign up below. Oh! And the super talented Tracey Neithercott designed the snazzy BMM button and banner, so feel free to grab them for your own blog if you’re participating! So that’s it! I hope to see some of you around the blogosphere in May…until then, enjoy the rest of the month!
In order for this to look good, you will need a long rectangular thin fabric scarf (like the georgette fabric one I'm using here)...
Here's what Christie had to say about her tutorial: This would make a wonderful gift—especially teacher gifts! Attach it to your purse, diaper bag, loop over a door handle, hang it in the kitchen or bathroom—there are many uses for it, and the fact that the cap is always exposed means you can quickly use it when you need to. Attaching it to your purse also means you won’t be digging for it anymore:).
I have no idea if I will ever see them again.
Since then, NATO has repeatedly demanded a solution to the dispute before Macedonia can be invited to join.
So.. this was a trouble maker birthday party.
I realize it's a little early, but I have already ordered Kylie's first birthday gift! Cameron got a Pottery Barn Anywhere chair for his first birthday, and so will Kylie. I was able to snag this lavender dot cover on clearance for 19.99- it doesn't get cheaper than that! Unfortunately it's on back order until next month, but I'm not sweatin' it since I don't need it until next January. I wasn't about to pass on that deal!
turned out
Hope you have a beautiful day.
The three girls next door hated jazz. But they loved THE CARPENTERS. On the subject of THE CARPENTERS, I cannot comment.
The Chinese foreign ministry has said that Ai is being investigated for economic crimes, but few further details have been supplied. However, as one of China's best known artists, known for his open criticism of the government, it seems that he has, contrary to the claims of the government, been targeted for his social and political campaigning. Indeed, in the weeks leading up to his arrest, numerous other Chinese artists, writers and online commentators were arrested and detained as the Chinese government continues to seek to quash all activists and dissidents. Further, Ai reported that he was being harassed at his Beijing studio and was under constant police surveillance. He said that the “reality of China” was that those who reflected on democracy, opening up, reform and reason were either detained or thrown into jail.
I just can't seem to stop. I think it was Dorothy Parker who said, "I hate writing. I love having written." Writing is hard and I'm basically a lazy person. But damn, I love seeing a character come to life. It's worth all the effort.
With the first installment of the SPACE BATTLESHIP YAMATO: 2199 saga, "The Long Voyage", opening in ten select theaters in Japan this weekend, Bandai Visual has announced the second volume of the home video release — a month and a half before the first volume even hits domestic retail shelves on May 25th! Volume 2 will contain a total of four half-hour episodes, plus special features, clocking in at 130 minutes of content for ¥8,190 (Blu-ray Disc) and ¥7,190 (R2 DVD). The DVD will be presented in 16:9 Anamorphic, Dual Layer, and Dolby Digital Stereo. Conversely, the BD will be presented in AVCHD, BD50G, 1080p, 16:9 Anamorphic, and Linear PCM Stereo!
So - if you'd like to send them a gift (again, please don't be annoyed), feel free to donate and all the money will go to them! When I have a total, I'll ask them what they are going to do with the money and I'll hopefully post a picture as well (and I'm open to any suggestions for what to get them).
100g (3 1/2 oz) demerara sugar- I used plain brown sugar
(7) From basics obtain an expression for the potential difference between star point of the load and supply neutral. Can this be greater than supply line voltage? Explain
let them sing.
Answer: Twitter. Seriously. Another place is local coffee shops.
Life does not have to be like this. We can make a stand, and we should do so. We should resist. Subvert. Campaign. Protest. If our democracy is to mean anything, if our freedoms and civil liberties – for which earlier generations paid a heavy price – are to be maintained, then now is the time to stand up and defend them.
This was the one from the Navy (they won over the Army boys but lost to the Air Force):
Wow seriously? It's GUM surgery yo. How intolerant can people get? What others do to their bodies, be it plastic surgery, tattoos or excessive makeup, that's THEIR business and none of yours. As long as they not not hurting others, let them be!
We headed back to where the people got out of the boat but there was no sign of anything. No boat, no people, and no domestic pet seal for me to cuddle. Ok, so maybe the seal just swam back down the river once the boat left but it is more fun to think of some random eccentrics taking their pet seal for a swim!
“HOW THE HELL SHOULD I KNOW?!” She bellows at him.
Author: Myne Whitman (Editor)
Anyway... I have a sneak peek for you today and I just love this stamp! It is the sheet music to the old hymn "It is Well with my Soul", to be released on Feb. 1 by Our Daily Bread designs. This hymn is one that has always been special to me. After my sister died... this was the hymn I wanted to sing... and I did, with tears running down my cheeks, yet I was telling God that it was well with my soul.... I knew she was in a better place and that God makes no mistakes! The story behind this old hymn is amazing!
Unibroue Grande Reserve 17
Today, as part of the book tour for her newest release The Disappearance of Georgiana Darcy, I am delighted to welcome Regency author Regina Jeffers.
On the whole I only use the reviews in Amazon as a guide, and a very rough one at that. I’m more inclined to cut and paste the name of the author and their book into Google and see if there are any … and I use this next word with a degree of caution … real reviews out there; by that I mean reviews longer than a paragraph. I am happy with the reviews in Amazon for Living with the Truth. Some are short, others not so much. But what about someone who just stumbles upon my book as you do? Can they trust the reviews?
“We don’t really do that any more,” he told me.
Rowan’s preschool held a fundraiser this past weekend and they had lots of artwork on display that the children had made. It was fun to see all the beautiful art, especially your own child’s :).
In fact, anyone outside North Korea can see inside what used to be Kim Jong-Il’s compound on Google Earth. You can see the swimming pool, the water slide, the personal train station which linked into the metro system and, one presumes, into the above-ground rail system.
2. Do not assume you can easily discern true healing from false.
Yesterday, I again went out to eat with Sophie, this time with a friend from church. We ate at Red Lobster. I hadn't done any research on Red Lobster prior to going, which made me a bit nervous. When we were seated with the gluten-free and allergen information brochure, I felt better. There were several things Sophie could eat. I decided to order her the grilled chicken on the kids menu. As I was explaining to our training waitress and her more seasoned trainer the specifics about Sophie's order, the waiter was very helpful. He seemed knowledgeable about gluten, which was a blessing. He told me that they could clean the grill as good as they could, but there was still a risk of cross-contamination. He offered instead that they could broil her chicken in its own pan away from everything else. He also let me know that he would be asking the kitchen to leave off any seasonings from the chicken and her broccoli. He knew that they needed to use clean cooking utensils and to keep anything with gluten away. They even brought her plate out separately before our food in order for it to not risk getting cross-contaminated from being on the same tray as the other food. They completely eased my mind about what she needed, going above and beyond what I would have thought a restaurant staff would willingly do. Not only did they make sure that her food was safe, but it was still good! Sophie ate almost all of her chicken and even ate a couple bites of broccoli (which she doesn't normally), granted she dipped everything in ketchup (which was also gluten-free there). Upon leaving, I thanked the manager and let her know how moved I was at all the measures taken to prepare Sophie a safe lunch.
the faded blooms
Take some time with these pieces… each of them emerged from meditation, observation, suspension of any idea of “making” art…
And that's why Albert Pujols' April means something, I think. I'm not sure exactly what it means -- I do try to avoid falling for that temptress called Small Sample Size -- but it was the worst month of Albert Pujols' career. He did not hit a single home run. He could not get on base. He is in a new ballpark that is tougher on hitters than his old one. He's playing in a new league with different pitchers, perhaps a a few better ones. He's playing in front of new fans who do not love him as much as the old St. Louis fans did -- and why should they? He's playing under the hailstorm of a 10-year, $240 million contract. And, let's face it, he is 32 years old (while cynics snicker).
The album is an exploration of the mood and structure of the blues, though only some of the tracks are in conventional 12-bar blues form. In this regard, though it is not modal jazz, it may be seen as a continuation of the trend towards greater harmonic simplicity and subtlety via reimagined versions of the blues that was instigated by Miles Davis's Kind of Blue in 1959 (Evans and Chambers played on both albums). Of the pieces on Nelson's album, "Stolen Moments" is the most famous; it is a sixteen-bar piece (in an eight-six-two pattern), though the solos are on a conventional 12-bar minor-key blues structure in C minor. "Hoe-Down" is built on a forty-four-bar structure (with thirty-two-bar solos based on "rhythm changes"). "Cascades" modifies the traditional 32-bar AABA form by using a 16-bar minor blues for the A section, stretching the form to a total of 56 bars. The B-side of the album contains three tracks that hew closer to 12-bar form: "Yearnin'", "Butch and Butch" and "Teenie's Blues".
When we are together we are solid and unbreakable. Nothing can compete. We empower each other to keep fighting. We compliment each other where one of us is weak, the other finds strength maintaining balance. Love like this never dies. It can only be described as Perfection.
--Fox News is fair and balanced.
The British Islands were an isolated lot. There were many areas in the Iles, Scotland for one, that were never, ever conquered. And so, were never assimilated into the civilization of the day. In one point in history the Romans erected a wall to keep the untamed barbarians at bay. This edifice is referred to as Hadrian’s Wall. The Wall was erected as a barrier and line of defense protecting the Roman legions from the Scottish devils. Up to this point in time Rome was yet to be defeated. The Roman legions strode their way through most of the known world. They easily conquered the Gauls, barbarians of France, and the Teutons of Germany. Both peoples being of Celtic ancestry, they shared common traditions, beliefs and customs with the Picts and their dependents in what was then to become Scotland.
And have not kept His commandments.
I have had several cars over the course of my driving lifetime. The original car: The Jetta. It was older than I was, only one radio station came in and that was only because I had a giant nail in the place where antennae should have been. There was black electrical tape along the side of the back driver side door so it would match the rest of the siding (the car was white but had black strips on the sides). It was the car that left a puff of black smoke behind as it pulled away AND the windshield leaked when it rained! I live in Western Oregon. IT IS ALWAYS RAINING!!!!! (that’s why my dad drilled a hole in the floorboard, he rocks)
"Have you got any friends? I really need more dogs?"
(Photograph by Dezzan)
This was an excellent book for me to read while visiting family. The simple style made it a very fast read and did not require much in the way of thought. It's the kind of book that you might want to read when you just want to pass time. There is a nice message, but the presentation is not particularly profound. The book is light reading fabricated for the commercial mass audience.
On a more fundamental level, Leftist hostility to neo-liberalism revolves around the fact that governments and their instrumentalities are far and away the most effective means of obtaining and exercising power over large numbers of people. They exist for that purpose. So Leftists -- with their yearning for power and the ego-boost it provides -- will always advocate anything that promises to extend State power -- in the hope that they can influence or participate in the exercise of it. Communist governments, of course, represent an extreme in the exercise of State power and, for this reason, some US "liberals" were once wont to speak indulgently of Communists as being simply "liberals in a hurry". So Leftists are perfectly accurate in seeing neo-liberals -- with their advocacy of reduced and limited State power -- as their deadly and hated enemies.
became my home as soon as held.
The Malaysian economy is controlled by the rich cronies and the UMNO elite. These are the groups who will suffer the most if Malaysia ‘goes to the dogs’. The rich are more powerful than they have so far been portrayed to be by UMNO. Former prime minister Mahathir Mohamad, who ruled Malaysia for 22 years, and ex-Finance minister Daim Zainuddin are both politicians and very wealthy too. They and their cronies have much to lose in the event that Najib orders a military crackdown or launches a coup if the Pakatan Rakyat led by Opposition Leader Anwar Ibrahim wins.
scene he is feeding her pumpkin pie. With each swallow she gives
So I was setting up to play last Friday when a curious little kid came up to me and asked me what my bagpipe was as he’d never seen one. I told him it was called the bagpipe (I just used “el bagpipe” because I don’t know of a Spanish equivalent for the name, and “la gaita” actually refers to a different variation of bagpipe) and explained to him that it was a musical instrument originating in ancient Scotland. So once I got it all put together and blew it up to start tuning the drones, that poor little kid went running to his mommy bawling his eyes out, ears covered!
Today, I'm on fire to find ways to inspire healthy living in others- especially those with a faith base.
The Laher People have a role in this agenda but it is still unclear what, since they are from a future timeline.
Once the wires were in place, he used duct tape to secure them, then he got two more chairs, laid them on their sides and taped them to her chair. He was almost done when Imp finally concluded her charade with the portable generator. The LEDs at the ends of the extension cords lit up as we plugged each cord in to the generator, glowing a dim orange. Grue stood, then pushed the refrigerator away from the wall so he could unplug it and plug the appliance into the generator. I couldn’t be sure if it was to ensure a steady current through the wire or because he wanted a working fridge.
Should I buy it? Absolutely. If it prevents even one person from hogging the cutting table while fretting over eighteen bolts of fabric, trying to pick the one that could replace the only Moda fabric the store doesn’t have in stock, it will have done its job admirably. And yes, I’m talking about you, dear.
1/2 cup coconut cream (i.e. the thick portion floating on top)
Wombwell
I’m always “available”.
Many of us naturally assume that a spiritual life is very hard work. This is not quite accurate. Rather, TRYING to have a spiritual life is very hard work indeed. TRYING to pray, TRYING to meditate, TRYING to study scriptures, TRYING to get healed, TRYING to act spiritually at all times-this can make anyone exhausted and miserable.
Dies and Punches - Snowflake nestabilities,Fiskars border punch
Against the muted quality of the firelight through the threshold of the Sherim, Clearsight was like opening a pair of eyelids he didn't have. In place of light, chaos and cold poured in. The Sherim was a tangle of silver threads, tinged blue or pink or purple by lights he couldn't see. Every thread was taut - it was this web that had transmitted Dora's trembling to him - but none were straight. Paradoxical, impossible, but Sherim were like that.
Rissad lay down on top of him, holding himself in place with a tight one-armed hug, his face pressed to Rel's shoulder. Rel wrapped his arms around the other man, trying to tell himself he wasn't really that relieved there was no-one around to see. Before the discomfort could turn physical, he heaved backwards, using his braced leg to lift the rest of their weight out through the Gateway. The back of his skull bounced off the floor, hard, and Rissad let out another harsh gasp, but the trick worked.
On the next screen is the latest pain in the rear: "Review payments for exclusions". To quote from the help screen, Beginning with the 2011 tax year, the IRS requires you to exclude from Form 1099-MISC any payments you made by credit card, debit card, gift card, or third-party payment network such as PayPal. (These payments are being reported by the card issuers and third-party payment networks on Form 1099-K.)
I have ideas, mind you. Sometimes I jot them down ahead of time-- a new concept for a former pantster like myself. But my characters lead me... and sometimes it's a wild ride.
As a civilian you live by choice, electives, preferences. You are free to dissent. You are free to quit what you do at any time.
4) Sometimes it is nice to hear the words "it is going to be alright"... even if you are sure it isn't.
I was lucky enough to stop into school yesterday morning to help get things ready in my room for the week, and the hugs I received from colleagues, friends, my students were... amazing!
Aiden: "Carrie, you look amazing." *smooch*
Gin & Tonic
much historical pattern to go
Quite simply Faithful is one of the loveliest and most stirring piano-trio recordings I’ve heard in some time. Things often get as dazzling as all the hype suggests, but never more so than on the rhythmically-charged and dynamically intoxicating “Night Train to You,” suggesting not only the crossroads of the Oscar Peterson and Keith Jarrett trios but also the emotive motivation and the moody sensibilities that is something of a calling card for this trio.
Sadly, though, these cows are the lucky ones. Some dairy cows never get to leave the confines of their sheds, but instead are kept indoors all year round in intensive zero-grazing systems.
The Department of the Navy has issued two requests for information on data storage and cloud-based collaboration systems, including email. Navy, like so many other agencies, is looking for ways to cut its expenses through its IT spending.
This video supports what I was saying the other day in my post about self esteem. We don't love people because they are flawless; we love them because of who they are. As I've gotten older, I've gotten tired of always feeling self conscious about certain parts of my body and have been working hard on not obsessing over these parts. The interesting thing is that most of the time when you tell someone you're close with about the part of your body you're self conscious about, they are surprised. We're so much harsher on ourselves than other people are of us! We're not our nose. Or our butt. Or our hair. Or our mouth. Or our acne. Or our feet. We're much more than those parts.
Felicity Groom performed with just an electric guitar in a set-up and feel that was rather similar to Adalita from Magic Dirt. She initially won over the crowd by cracking a coy joke about her song, a little one about killing things that showcased her ethereal vocals. Similarly, “Only 2722.66KM” was described as one written about a guy from Melbourne who was nice but didn’t really deserve to have it written about him. It was rather aching and had soft tones, a different vibe entirely to the following where the guitars seemed to chime and jangle.
*** ORIGINAL POST***
Don Draper is having his 40th birthday and is remarried to a hot tamale that looks like Jackie O and sings like a French Marilyn.
I was at the grocery store with my baby today and inevitably a stranger starts goo-goo-shmoo-shmoo-poo-poo-doo-doo-moo-moo-coo-coo-cuckoo at the baby. And then, right on cue, I start talking. Through the baby. Except my voice isn't my voice. It's really, really high. Like only dogs should be able to hear it. And I don't speak in complete sentences because, you know, I'm a baby. Except not. I'm the baby's mom. But the baby doesn't talk. So I am doing a really bad impression of the baby talking to a stranger as the baby sits there making no noise.
Just a reminder as well that our DT call is still going on, you have until December 10th to apply for a spot ( a few will be available) on our DT. Check out this post for more details. You do not need to have any previous DT experience at all!
OK, a slight departure from the usual types of organism today. Recently, while doing a bit of DIY, I needed some glue. ‘Ah-ha’, I thought to myself, ‘there’s a big tub of PVA in the shed’ and went to fetch it. However, on opening it, all was not well. It had gone a variety of colours in blobs from creamy yellow to dark, almost-blackish green and grey, with bits of orange, red and brown in between – it had also lost its texture and consistency, going watery; definitely not usable. ‘So what?’, you may ask, ‘this is a nature/ecology blog’. Well, I got to thinking about what had done this – there’s nothing for the PVA to react with except for air, so where did all the colours come from? With the colours looking like moulds of various types, I got to thinking about fungal action – could Fungi degrade PVA? Short for polyvinyl acetate, it’s essentially a string of esters, but not being a biochemist I decided to head for the Web...
“I was a genuine lad who got involved in drugs, gun crime and gangsters from the age of twelve and was put in prison for my crimes – the first time for nine months. The second time I got four years and one day and I served two years and seven months.
For any teachers who might be reading this post, there is a Phyllis dress-up activity on my website which can be printed on paper or card stock (for free download.) The Phyllis figure can be colored and cut out (don't worry about the dress up extras for this activity) and makes a perfect, easily portable (or mailable) Phyllis! She can travel with students when they go on Easter break soon, or be mailed to a pen pal class, or students' relatives all over the USA and the world to gather weather reports, photos, or any other fun activity you and your class can dream up (a la Flat Stanley.) If you do anything with her, please let me know! I'd love to share it here with other teachers. (And if you are a parent, please feel free to suggest this idea to your children's teachers!)
Some of the other options of grep are:
Today's ATCRCS card of the day: Scott Bullett
When it comes to healthcare, I have pretty similar views, and appreciate all of the advances that can be made with our new technologies, but also find fascination in the seemingly simpler, but often more complex interactions between individuals, especially patients and doctors.
The Dangers of Business Cash Loans
2 inquired
3301-B East 5th St.
Right off the bat I accidentally demolished a CO2 regulator. I called our regular supplier and tried to order an emergency replacement.
When my nieces came to visit several years ago, one of them went out and bought pens. She said, “I’m sick of picking up pens in this house that don’t work anymore.” She was right. I wrote them out or they dried up and I just never bothered chucking them. Instead of cats, I collected pens. Lots of them.
Whether you’re hiking or running, you can find numerous side trails leading down to Lake Brandt as well as sections were the main trail touches the shoreline. I can recommend two places for their views of the lake. The first, as measured from the Lake Brandt trailhead, is at about the .66-mile mark. You’ll see a side trail of about 50 yards to your left. Follow the trail to a beach with a view that includes a section of shoreline jutting out into the lake on your right. The second is close to the 2.5-mile mark. Look for a large beech tree, covered with carved initials to your left on the lakeshore. Next to the beech, the eroded shoreline makes a kind of bench that is perfect for relaxing, and it offers a great view of the Atlantic & Yadkin Greenway bridge that lies just north on Bur-Mil Park.
Is that wrong?
I found out things I didn't realise such as I should wear chunky necklaces instead of big chunky bracelets as that draws the eye line down to my hips which unfortunately for me and I'm guessing loads of other women out there, this is where my weight likes to sit.
“He gives us stick about the North/South divide, they’ve got the jobs, but we’ve got the sides”
“To the untrained eye, there is nothing remarkable about the loose knot of waterbirds bobbing innocently just offshore, south of the Tsawwassen ferry terminal. To biologist Pete Davidson, however, they are signs of trouble brewing in the Salish Sea. Bracing against a cold wind and light drizzle, the B.C. program manager for Bird Studies Canada uses his spotting scope to single out a lone long-tailed duck among a larger group of scoters. Formerly known as oldsquaw, this duck features elegant black-and-white markings and long upturned tail feathers. Tragically, the species has shown a continentwide decline for three decades, including a seven-per-cent drop annually over the past decade on the B.C. coast. Close by, a pair of harlequin ducks splash together in a display that portends mating season. The male plumage is especially flamboyant, arguably second only to the wood duck on the B.C. coast. Harlequins breed on fast-flowing freshwater rivers and migrate to the coast to moult and spend the winter, almost always in exactly the same stretches of shoreline. Problem is, fewer are returning. And the species is not alone.
PV: And you utilized Kickstarter to help fund this album?
Anyway, my friend is back from Jamaica now, so my Mum Sitting duties are over and I've got some time to myself, and once my chores are done ( Yuk! ) I hope to do some crafting.
share some love leave a comment Although I'm writing this blog for me, I want to include lots of relevant and useful content for you, otherwise why would you bother to read? I definitely welcome your comments and feedback. I want to hear from you!
Some friends of ours from Phoenix recommended Euclid Hall on 14th near Larimer St. The place has an incredible menu, a great beer selection and atmosphere to spare. Our party of 9 was very well taken care of, and our drinks never went dry.
Stamp Set: Tiny Tags
How much I missed you
I created this blog ages ago, and I am just getting around to actually using it!
I have been out of town for the holiday plus I ended up getting really sick this past weekend! So I am sorry for posting my Wednesday Challenge Project late, but I am happy I did get it finished!
Of course all our favorite characters from books past are highly involved and only make this wonderful romance a dragon family roller coaster. As usual I can’t wait for the next one.
10. The lens is from 1865, an old brass Dallmeyer 9 inch with no diaphragm, so there’s nothing to stop down. Lens is wide open; no Waterhouse Stops.
Some banks called to get information exactly what is written in the form, and it make me wonder, if it's for a security reason, you have the bank to call and verify information, how 'secure' that the call is which we can't identify who the caller is? Since the question is gonna be exactly the same as the form, isn't that not secure for us to expose the details?
stitching time and allowed for my The Book Store finish
This year, their decision was made that they want to be Pirates for Halloween. Both of them. I've been on a mission to find two of the cutest pirate outfits ever since. Mission complete! They are being shipped here as I type.
I admired Tell Me You Love Me immensely, but it's hard to explain why. Read the rest of this piece by clicking here and visiting Bullz-Eye.
Anyone up for coming to the BoysTurf for dinner?
Phew, that was a lot of info with fairly lame pictures! If you made it through, thanks for reading! I've totally missed blogging and definitely missed being an active reader of your blogs. I am hopeful that the hard part of both things is over and I can be around more. Thanks for bearing with me, friends!
The only issue with Lt. Gen. Pasha is his being NOT APOLITICAL. He not only supported PTI but also propelled it to its current level. On instructions of ISI several establishment-supported politicians started flocking towards PTI – the likes of Shah Mehmood Qureshi, Javed Hashmi, Masood Sharif Khattak, Jahangir Tareen, Awais & Jamal Leghari, Khurshid Kasuri and many such more. After the retirement of Lt-Gen. Pasha, what we notice that the support has been scaled back by the new DG-ISI.
for Magic of the Mundane. I so love this idea because it totally falls in line with my desire to get back to simple. It can be a picture, a poem or song, a short video or anything else that celebrates the Magic. So often, we get caught up in "where we're going" that we forget to look at the beauty of "where we are."
I hate gardening. Like, really hate it. I don’t know my clay soil from my peat soil, I forget to water my plants and, much to Paul’s annoyance, I shy away from any kind of physically hard labour. Oh, and I don’t like spiders, spider webs, worms, bugs in general, moss, rain, ‘getting stuck in’…. I am a pathetic excuse for a human being.
Read the following .
Only acceptance can be asked of you, for what you are is certain. It is set forever in the holy Mind of God, and in your own. It is so far beyond all doubt and question that to ask what it must be is all the proof you need to show that you believe the contradiction that you know not what you cannot fail to know. Is this a question, or a statement which denies itself in statement? Let us not allow our holy minds to occupy themselves with senseless musings such as this.
As opposed to the two previous recordings made in the trilogy, On The Beach was a more upbeat and melodic album. The album was recorded in a similar method as Tonight’s The Night and lyrically addressed more universal themes such as the collapse of the 60s Folk values and counter culture as well as addressing the underbelly of seedy California lifestyles. While The Ditch Trilogy is known for addressing darker and at time haunting themes lyrically and musically, the song “Walk On” which opens the On The Beach album is perhaps one of the most positive, yet cynical outlooks on life. The song can be seen as a sense of closure for this period stressing the need to move on and keep living. On The Beach was released in July of 1974, and despite being the third album recorded in The Ditch Trilogy, it was released second with Tonight’s The Night following in 1975.
This image is in the process of being reworked. When I began the painting last year, I didn't like the result even before it was finished, so I've kept it in the studio and sought to improve it. Right now it's hanging as you see here, but that is by no means the permanent orientation.
I colored the image with Prismacolor Pencils and tried something a little different. I did a base of white pencil on the flower before adding the blue. I'm not sure I like it, it changes the color too much from what I wanted. I checked out pictures of real pansies online and found gorgeous one that was mostly white with dark blue highlights on the base and tip of the petals. This definitely isn't how it came out, but I'll try it again in the future. I also noticed in the real pictures that the "fifth" petal underneath was usually a solid darker color, which I tried to do here. I'm just a little detailed, LOL!
If this society were an organism, it would be one with an immune system weakened by lack of pathogen exposure. Crisis, like the unprecedented theft of an election, is an invader. There are three general outcomes. The invader kills the organism. The organism defeats the invader and the immune system is strengthened. Or the organism adapts and become a permanent host to the infection.
Every vehicle which looks too clean.
But maybe I’m being too harsh.
Vaswald George Hall, 50, New York, N.Y.
Jessica Tudor lives outside Philadelphia with her mad scientist husband and two mud turtles named Bogey and Bacall, where she writes young adult/fantasy books. Her work is represented by Super Agent Suzie Townsend of Fine Print Lit. She is Christian, vegan, and nominally crazy. You can find her on Twitter and at her website.
It's been rainin' cats and dogs, all flippin' day, and all that is left of all my beautiful, white, crispy snow is a tiny patch, in front of the stable........ppffhh!
The similarities between us are sometimes alarming. At some stage in the relationship we'll be able to arrange things such that we'll be sleeping at the house where the milk, bread and breakfast cereal are (the usual trick is to have the milk at her house and the cereal at mine, twenty miles away). And our finickitiness makes cooking ia challenge: I won't eat chicken or sea-life and she won't eat beans or anything green that isn't spinach or corned beef.
500g beef brisket or ribs strips
“What are you a whiz at, besides putting men in their place?”
courtyard was one of the two cloisters (the other is long gone) of a convent originally set up around 1230 by the Dominicans (later known as the Jacobins). The configuration which still stands was designed by the military engineer Pierre-Michel Duplessy with Friar Jean Maupeou and built during the same period – 1684 to 1707 – as the neighbouring Notre Dame church. In 1790, in the slipstream of the French Revolution, the property became the head office of the “Société des Amis de la Constitution”, a Jacobin political
Hope you all understand.
and so many more things.
Happy Spring all
Our other guest designer for July is the very talented Tanya
Ladurée has put a band of pink around their tea cups to enhance the napkin's greeniness.A mixed color can look perfect when wet. Then it dries "down". Much lighter and it's all wrong. And greens can be especially tricky to mix. It's not so easy to match a color exactly and takes a lot of experimenting..
But in the end they all must face the lies they've told and secrets they've kept when the unthinkable happens.
The coin is a Levantine imitation of the Athenian Tetra-Drachma, which was used as universal currency in the 5th and the 4th centuries BCE, very much like the dollar or the euro is used today.
Yep, that’s Brother Henry preparing to unleash his wrath. And since he is packing 17-pounds of tabby fury, his wrath will be terrible. If the very real threats to your cat’s safety will not motivate you to give your kitty safe boundaries, perhaps the thought of receiving a serious smack-down from Brother Henry will. Do the right thing, and save both yourself and your kitty from a terrible fate.
Nor can thy shame give physic to my grief;
A quick note about one of the salad toppings listed above (and shown below), Hemp Hearts. I stumbled across these in my local Whole Foods recently, they are a great nutty, crunchy topping for things and I've just started using them. I loved the nutty flavor and they have super healthy benefits, they are rich in Omega's with a great balance of Omega-3 to Omega-6 and also are a great source of gamma-linoleic acid which has been shown to support healthy skin, hair and nails. Tasty and good for you, double win!
Anywho, I really really (cross your fingers) really am going to try to keep up with this blog more frequently, I super promise. I have many more stories of events that have transpired over the past few months, and I need to entertain yall with them, just so you can convince me I'm not as crazy as I think I am. :)
And we stretched out, unbuttoning our braces,
for about three minutes.
It is so motivating to have music when working out. It energizes me and makes the time fly (particularly if at a gym on a machine like a treadmill or elliptical).
Such a lot of story lines to wind up but Marr cleverly handles the pace and plot by writing DARKEST MERCY from several points of view. I liked this approach because the reader gets a chance to really get inside a character’s head and see the story from his/her perspective. So we understand Niall’s anguish after he brings healer after healer to Irial with the same result. And his anger toward Seth, who he believes might have been able to foresee the action and have saved Irial. We feel Donia’s pain, when she realizes to make the Summer Court whole and strengthen her own. she can never have Keenan. We see Keenan’s struggles as he realizes he must make a choice between his Summer Queen and Donia.
1 ordinary
This is one of my favorite quotes. I have often felt a strong affinity with the butterfly and perhaps more so the chrysalis stage of the butterfly. The stage where I have gone within as preparation to morph into something new. So when a butterfly showed up today as I meditated on the upcoming Phoenix Rising class I was amused and grateful. How perfect for the butterfly to join those embarking on the road to embrace their gifts.
Smell: 4
For on the hill beside our house, stood a great Christmas tree.
Jean-Pierre was gone; nothing could bring him back, and her feelings for him, feelings that had risen suddenly, had been ebbing just as quickly as evidence of his involvement with illegal drugs had surfaced. If Jean really had been running drugs, she owed his memory nothing.
When I set out to find a subtle highlighter that gives the perfect dewy “red carpet” glow, I didn’t realize this was much easier said than done. Too glittery, too greasy, too thick/chunky…need I go on. I FINALLY stumbled upon Benefit Watts Up. The cream-to-powder formula goes on flawlessly and application is easily controlled depending on how much glow you want. It literally melts lightly into the skin leaving the perfect luminous sheen. There’s even a spongy tip for blending, but I find my fingers work best. Buy it now.
How they’ll all fit in I’m not sure.
The jointly-penned guest editorial for this issue reads as follows:
There was the question of what to do with the shield once we arrived at our destination. I usually stowed it under the motorhome and hoped the wind wouldn't blow it away. There was also the fear that I would forget the shield was under the motorhome and I would run over it. It wasn’t long before I felt that putting the shield and windshield cover on and off was a lot of bother.
Secretly though, (well, not very secret if you put it in a blog) I do see why he would say this. The way Cumberbatch captures the essence of Holmes is very skilful, and he too possesses that wonderful, almost old fashioned, precise diction which Brett carried off so perfectly.
24 Hours Later: it worked!! Holy cow, it worked! I still needed to use my metal scrubbie (stainless, similar to steel wool pads), but I didn’t need to scrub all that hard to get the stuff off. And all that was left, besides the clean racks, were a few really nasty, hard to get off black spots that I didn’t feel like dealing with. I threw my oven grill-pan in there, too, because it had gotten really caked with stuff, and it came nice and clean, too.
There is a story here if the regular news media or the CLICO – CL Financial investigators and regulators cared, but they would rather let sleeping dogs lie. Especially if the taxpayers are on the hook for everything and there is no plan to recover assets from the former executives of the CL Financial group of pyramids, er, companies.
One of my friends said, "Tolly, you seriously need to get out more."
The truth is, I AM a fixer!
* = An exaggeration, but one can’t help but feel that way sometimes.
Tell me which one is your favorite, please.
Everybody told me love was blind
'This isn't about strength,' said Pat. 'And you may not be able to see this yet, but perhaps there will come a time--it could be years from now--when you'll need to get on your horse and ride into battle and you're going to hesitate. You're going to falter. To heal the wound your father made, you're going to have to get on that horse and ride into battle like a warrior."
docs
They lost their second game on Saturday.
Hillsborough District 10
With his critically acclaimed Revelation Space novels, Alastair Reynolds confirmed “his place among the leaders of the hard-science space opera renaissance.” (Publishers Weekly) With Blue Remembered Earth, the award-winning author begins a new epic, tracing generations of one family across more than ten thousand years of future history—into interstellar space and the dawn of galactic society…
She then scampered over to me in my comfy chair and said something to the tune of this, "Here...take my reading glasses and use them today...when you're ready to leave, just leave them at the front desk and tell them they're for Irene to pick up on Wednesday - I come here several times a week to work out". Stunned at her kind gesture, I said, "Are you sure? How kind of you to offer your glasses to me". She said, "Definitely, please use them today and enjoy your day here, I'll get them on Wednesday".
I spend my days in the kitchen avoiding allergens and trying to fatten up my son. Then one day I turn around while trying to pick out a new purse and I think to myself. "Wow this purse makes me look fat!" Yea Lisa, its the purse.
-Your "taggie" blanket
Sermon writing is an interesting process. 15-20 minutes of sharing and proclaiming something refined on a Sunday morning came out of a bunch of processing, questions, and thoughts. Some thoughts get left out because after some research looking around the rest of the scriptures and other commentaries they just don’t line up. Others thoughts however are good thoughts, they could have evolved into a sermon of its own. Yesterday I preached from John 20:19-31 which was from the lectionary. And there were so many things that ended up on the cutting room floor. I had been involved as the media director with Andy Hurst, Brian Mercer, Scott Wright, Fred Wideman, Jerry Hilbun and others and watched the process. All of them used similar analogies of the sermon preparation process like the refining process or like working the material until the cream rises to the top. It is interesting to experience it for myself. It is fascinating to see how the Bible ends up being this rich never ending resource for God’s Good News.
Means: "It didn't fall into my outstretched hands, so I'm completely clueless."
Thankfully, after that, we stuck with movies like A Cry in the Dark, from which I gleaned incredibly useful information like where Oz got the name for his band.
All the action is happening around the bar, a vision of gleaming bottles framed by sewing machine covers hanging overhead. The cocktail list is huge with 28 concoctions on the menu, priced between $17 and $21.50.
Pipe the coffee buttercream onto the cupcakes, top with a chocolate-covered espresso bean, and there you have it! The BEST vanilla cupcake with the BEST coffee buttercream ever. Happy birthday, Mom!!
A coat modge podge, then tissue layered on top, working in the folds folds and creases.
There is anger at snail’s pace delivery on housing, anger at poor education and at a dysfunctional Home Affairs Department.
I have also been helping at the pre-school allotment every other week - the children are really enjoying going there. In fact I enjoyed it down there so much we have moved our allotment to the same plot. This one seems to have so much more life, there are chickens, turkeys, ducks and a horse there plus you usually get to have a chat with a fellow allotment holder each time you go there. Our other allotment just seemed a bit lifeless and always had issues with water but this one has a bore water well :-)
Allow for your journey to unfold in its own unique time and manner. You are immortal beings, and the ever present moment of NOW is all you truly have in order to achieve your inner heart desire. Allow the infinite wisdom of “hindsight” to help guide you in the present. But—be wary of the chronic preoccupation with past trauma, for it too is a TRICK used to keep you ones from awakening to the Larger Reality of Life within you.
As you can see there's also lots of white space...creating white space isn't actually any easier than filling every inch/cm with paper or card. It's all about the balance. The old 3 or 5 planting rule in the garden, also works on a card! That's something I cannot answer as to why it works, it just does!
dumbbell flat press 60×12, 60×12
Since that designation, the Trust has acted behind the scenes to achieve two goals: 1) it provided legal advice regarding a city ordinance proposed by the Historic Charleston Foundation and found that the city did have legal standing to support such an ordinance; 2) it provided financial assistance to an economic study commissioned by the Historic Charleston Foundation on the costs and benefits of the cruise ship industry. HCF Executive Director Kitty Robinson says of the study, “Historic Charleston Foundation remains most grateful to the National Trust for its generous contribution which helped underwrite the Economic Impact Study of the cruise ship industry in the City of Charleston. The full report is expected later this month.” This is not just another study. Instead, this study, whose executive summary has been released, assesses both the costs and benefits of the cruise industry on downtown Charleston and does so in a more comprehensive and professional manner than any study to date, and makes clear, practical recommendations for solutions.
Stop feeling so unwanted and realize that the world is yours for the taking!
Bake for 25-35 minutes until edges are golden.
This worksheet explains how to make an electric circuit quiz board with a light that comes on when the right answer is chosen. The question lists are interchangeable so everyone can set tests on their favourite subjects for others to enjoy solving.
and the computer system is the same that I used in IL.
But, what did it become?
“That’s funny,” he said, trailing off for a moment “ . . . how happy it makes you to cook.”
It is -8C here or worse, which is about 17F to us Americans. Cold! The gypsies are nevertheless camped out across from the train station, sitting Indian style on their mattress with a blanket around them. At least until around 11 pm when the guy in the Mercedes comes to pick them up. He brings them back before the crack of dawn.
