4 Egg White
The golden Indian stood about five feet seven. He wore a buck skin vest. Or so the vest would have been buck skin. It was this vest that shimmered like it was gold. His trousers were blue and tan. Not blue and tan together but either blue or tan. Tan was the predominant color as though this was the hue of the clothes he was wearing. From time to time the color would turn blue with the same shimmering hue of his golden vest. His skin and all other attributes of him were crystal clear. My sight here was clearer than it had ever been. Not even the air between us obscured the sight I had of this guardian.
“Oh, no… this is Earth… isn’t it?”
go on and walk away
2. i used to live in a really rural place called hiltons, virginia...most people know that is where the carter family fold is...and that we are sort of related to the carters, by marriage not blood.
Jeans: Loft
Hi Everybody,
I miss my dad, and I hate that.
Press the pie crust into the bottom of a 9 inch tart pan or pie dish. Set aside.
Don Stewart, a spokesman for McConnell, said the plan would allow Obama to raise the debt limit while putting the onus on him and congressional Democrats for any failure to cut spending. At the same time, Republicans wouldn’t have to agree to tax increases.
Navigating the tricky path between the two is what dressing has been like in the past two years. If I feel anything about being in my 30s, it is that I look back on the last decade with fondness and nostalgia while looking ahead at the future with a certain degree of apprehension combined with a determination to enjoy it as much as I enjoyed my 20s.
Instead of sewing, I have been keeping up with both of the 52 week photo challenges I started this year. Although I don't have a ton of time to take pictures, I haven't fallen behind (keeping my fingers crossed). Here are a few of my favorites so far...
Sounds OK, right? Five books sold, three books in negotiation--not a big track record, but not too bad, especially for a smaller agency, and also since it's only for part of 2005. Someone who pays attention to the book world would even recognize a couple of the publishers' names--Barricade, an independent publisher of edgy, offbeat books, and Dafina, an imprint of Kensington.
Although his term as PM in 1992-3 ended in disaster (the PS was reduced to 53 seats) Bérégovoy is more widely celebrated for his two stints as finance minister in the 80s and early 90s, when he is widely credited with turning around France’s economic performance under Mitterrand, after a disastrous start and, crucially, with bringing under control (if never quite eliminating) the country’s budget deficit. For this, you can see him as a sort of French Denis Healey, the Labour chancellor who battled courageously against the serial financial crises of the 1970s.
This is his look when I say, "Do you wanna.....?" He knows cookie, go for a walk and go to the park so he cocks his head waiting for those words. He sings too. Serge wants to get him to sing, "I wanna ________" but just how can you do that?
Until the next sniff, sip, quaff or child's birthday party,
Well, off to catch up on emails... okay, who am I kidding... I'm going to read some, promise mentally to reply, and then fall into bed anyway.
The plain spacer (3rd from right, above) was heated until clear, allowed to cool, then struck, allowed to cool, then struck again. I got a nice red but there is too much brown in it for my taste.
The chain brews its own German-style lagers. Its seafood dishes include seared tuna, cedar plank salmon and lobster-and-shrimp mac 'n' cheese. Its menu also includes steak frites, lobster-and-shrimp tacos, and sweet-and-spicy cashew chicken stir fry.
AC Golden Brewing Company Winterfest
But if you're curious like me,
I am thinking about publishing the parts of my current piece here in my blog. I will publish it in parts, so that I feel committed to finish the essay. The essay is now 30 pages and I’m still not finished. I want to really finish my story. I sent them to my friends and professors asking them to give me comments. My friend Alyza gave me really good comments and I plan to revise my story. I have to finish it. I have to.
TIPTONVILLE, TN 38079
Use a glue stick to glue the in between pages together. This gives substance to each page so you can add paint and elements. I like this blue colored stick so I can see where I put the glue. I've tried other glues for this project but this one is less messy and doesn't warp the pages. Make sure your cover every inch of each of the pages.
And this true worship creates in us a hunger to be satisfied in God alone, so that the fleeting pleasures of false worship become less and less desirable.
Yes, I, Alliston will refrain from purchasing fleece, roving, add-ins, and yarn from March 1 – 31, 2012, except in the event that the items are needed for a custom order. (Yeah! Loophole!)
As he is getting ready to leave, I tell him that I had told him not to wake me up and that he woke me up anyway. He said he thought I was already awake and that he was sorry. I tell him he is always sorry and then he keeps doing the same thing over and over again. I tell him all he thinks about it himself and never about me, about what I need. There was silence. And then a few seconds later, he says bye and walks out the door.
Let me introduce you...We have four lovely ladies: Sunny, Golden Nugget, Oscar, and Pa-Tasha...yes, we let the boys weigh in heavily in the naming of the chickens. ; ) Sunny and Nugget are both Buff Orpingtons and Oscar and Pa-Tasha are Black Star chickens.
Damn, I hate when a seemingly brilliant plan goes wrong.
Despite recent setbacks, an interesting example of how the Chinese government has moved to build an industry comes from high-speed rail. Before 2004, China’s efforts to develop it had limited success. Since then, a mix of two policies—encouraging technology transfer from multinationals (in return for market access) and a coordinated R&D-investment effort—has helped China Railways’ high-speed trains to dominate the local industry. The multinationals’ revenue in this sector has remained largely unchanged since the early 2000s.
You know that saying “God laughs at those who makes plans”? Well He will be laughing at me with my blogging plans. I have attempted to schedule some posts while I’m away. They’re some good ones… and hopefully it all goes to plan because honestly, you know me and I’m more than a little technologically challenged.
When I look at it straight on I start to sputter...what in hell are we doing? Who do we think we are? What kind of insane trajectory are we on? What's the matter with us? We must be crazy!
lets dance through the night and sing through the day
I think we’re in need of a political super-starry kind of smile, don’t you? Just to strengthen our resolve before 10:00am when Chief Big Daddy Mogul Rupert Murdoch gets sworn in and selects another delicacy or several to chuck at the slavering feral beasties. So, a propos nothing in particular …
Oh, you've tried to learn. Every time you glance that blinking light on the machine -- signaling that it's out of paper -- and you sense somebody is about to fill the machine -- you try to run over there as quickly as you can to glimpse how they do it. But you've never been able to get there in time. There were a couple times that you rushed over so frantically that you got strange looks. So you stopped doing that.
broken song
13. No. 13 In B Flat 1:28
Now I'm not suggesting that Mostly Perfect Man is unromantic. I mean, this is a guy who once gave me a garbage bin for a birthday present. He knows how to pull out The Big Gifts. But he WOULD rather spend a week in Washington DC than wander around the Left Bank. "I don't even like French politics!" he said. "Well honey, I'm not suggesting we crack a macaron with Sarkozy," I replied. "I'm simply picturing a cute studio on Rue du Seine, and a week full of French-style love?" "I don't think so!" he said, shaking his head. "I don't want some frog sticking his dirty fingernail in my coffee!" And then he went back to watching the news on the ABC. (Okay, he didn't really say that. That was my journalistic embellishment. And he's actually much nicer than the conversation suggests. I'm just spinning a story to make you laugh. I know he'd let me, too. He's lovely like that.) (Oh – and the top image isn't us. They're much more attractive versions of us.)
I will tell you many times in our study of the book of Acts that this is perhaps the most important book in all the Bible. The writer, Luke, felt the need to write it for the record was incomplete. Can you imagine how limited our knowledge would be if the Biblical record stopped with that of Matthew, Mark, Luke and John? We would have the prophecies of the earthly life and ministry of Christ fulfilled but it would end with His ascension into heaven as seen in Luke 24:51. It says, “And it came to pass, while he blessed them, he was parted from them, and was carried up into heaven.” Is that the end of it all? Certainly not for there is a need to see the imparting of the gifts of the Holy Ghost at Pentecost, the offer of the Kingdom to the nation of Israel and its subsequent rejection.
Mix the baking soda (not baking powder; that's for the next step) into the milk. Set it aside.
I cut him out from Grunge Paper and coloured with Black Soot distress pad. A second umbrella cut out and I drew on the Union Jack which tied in well with the Brits theme we had this weekend with that fantastic wedding. I thoroughly enjoyed the day and didn’t Kate look absolutely beautiful. It was truly a fairytale wedding. No one can do what we do – it makes you proud to be British!
According to Tichy, this approach succeeded because it involved the leadership of the company. This led to high expectations in the participants, cultural definition in the company, and strong tests and clarification in the leaders. All this resulted in a cultural dimension in learning which requires clear values and a stated vision that provides strength to development activities. Most learning happened on real projects (action-learning, 80-20 approach) and was geared to the right timing (career transitions) for max impact.
Without giving away too much, I was annoyed that they hadn’t “fixed” him, and was saddened and depressed by how the book ended. In the movie, they took out a lot of the questions and confusing details, and made the story much more romantic (in my opinion). Whether you loved the book, hated the book, or have never even read the book…you HAVE to see this movie.
Abernathy Jones was sitting at her desk, staring intently at the swirls of creamer in an otherwise putrid cup of coffee. In her year at Premiere Investigations Abby had not developed the titanium stomach that her co-workers seemed to share. From her tiny cube in the corner, she could see three burly men chugging down the black sludge without even cringing. If it weren’t for that last glass of wine last night, she wouldn’t even be contemplating drinking this particular cup of joe, but it seemed unlikely that she was going to work up the nerve to struggle through the morning meeting without a serious caffein aid.
When we made our way into the Cour Napoleon, known for its steel and glass pyramid, a few more people were tempting the post-storm night, most of them setting up cameras to capture the emptiness. We strolled among them, marveling how just hours ago this space had belonged to thousands who crowded through it and now it belonged to so few.
Well mine didn’t exactly turn out the same way. For starters, I didn’t even attempt the Preserved Lemon Dressing because it required lemons that had been perserved for 2 days and then some. For the record, I think the dressing would be delicious.
There are three prize packages with a total retail value of over $300! These prizes will be awarded by random draw. To be eligible, you need to "like" Lily Pad Cards on Facebook: http://www.facebook.com/pages/Lily-Pad-Cards/209133745764119
35 Persuasion – Jane Austen
Consider this: Yvonne faces the ultimate challenge of a ballerina: (and then what the challenge is).
Since this needle is so long and sharp always store it back in the little pastic sleeve it came in. This protects it from getting damaged as well as from damaging other things. Don't store it dirty since it's hard to clean out crusty old ink.
“They’re courting prosecution. ... They’re increasingly behaving like if we were in the middle of World War II and they learned of plans to invade Normandy. Because they decided it’s a matter of public interest, they’d publish it,” Mr. Schoenfeld said. “I think this is reckless and likely to encourage Attorney General Gonzales to prosecute them, if not for this story, for some of the other things they’ve done.”
Researched various global IA&A methodologies and best-practices; shared findings with Working Group, which often led to buy-in
- Takeshi & Nana M.
In non-Good Game related news, we take a look at the Sonic news…
kids getting older..
The three-engine Britten-Norman Trilander, with 11 passengers and pilot Sean Deeney, had just taken off from Claris Airport on Great Barrier Island bound for Auckland when the incident happened.
The spa and the Met both employed Neil Wallis, ex-Deputy Editor of News Of The World, to do their PR. Both sides say this is a coincidence and they didn't know about it. Stephenson now says the real reason was that he should have told the Prime Minister that Wallis was implicated in the phone hacking scandal.
Chalkboard spray paint...It turns anything into a chalkboard! Sweet. I found mine at Michael's craft store for around $5 with a coupon (of course!) from Michaels.com.
i shall meet you there
So I was pressured, re:pressured and doubly re:pressured to write this one. But anyway, here goes:
Valentine's day is almost here...
a big thanks to you Mel for everything,
Another mammoth task that Cwele wants to deal with is transnational crimes such as drug smuggling and other things that come into the country illegally.
Something like:
Ginseng (Panax ginseng) and Ashwagandha (Withania somnifera) are widely used as geriatric tonics. Both individually have not shown any toxicity on long term administration. Study was planned to assess the safety of the combination by doing subacute toxicity study in rats with 90 days oral administration using three doses. Food consumption, body weight, haematological, biochemical and histopathological parameters were studied. There was significant increase in body weight, food consumption and liver weight, and improved hematopoiesis was observed. Brain, heart, lung, liver, spleen, kidneys, stomach, testis and ovaries were normal on gross examination and histopathologically. Subacute toxicity studies in rats did not reveal any toxicity.
So not only does it cause your Xbox to die and need the tea-towel treatment, it may blow you up also.
Both machines and bodies occasionally break down. It is important, however, to get them repaired quickly and back into production. Mechanics may charge a significant fee to fix a machine, but the human body is far more complex and replacement parts are not readily available. There-fore, we must hire the most expensive mechanics on Earth to get the body productive again.
In light of the latest of many assaults on the Constitution by our President, the commuting of Scooter Libby's sentence, it would probably be a good idea if we all started talking to each other about something besides the latest reality show on t.v. and start looking around us. We need to do some serious research into our education system, and the first thing we need to look for is whether or not our children are being taught courses in how our governments work, both state and federal. It used to be called "Civics" when I was in high school. Do they still have "Civics" classes?
Last week, though — Last week I got to branch out a bit.
This was a heaven send! I joined a local CSA that only grows organic produce, they work with other local organic farmers to create an amazing assortment of fruits and veggies. Then once a week a beautiful box of goodies arrives at my doorstep. The CSA I joined allows me to pay for only one week at a time on an as needed basis, the box is delivered to my home at no extra charge and they have an organic egg option as well. For a 1/2 fruit, 1/2 veggie box we pay $23, eggs are an extra $4. This has saved my relationship with food! I now can plan my dinners around what we get in our box that week. Also, now that the girls eat solid foods I can make them amazing organic baby food! Here is a list of what arrived on my doorstep today...
TJ made me breakfast/brunch when we got home
Chic Print Nail Stickers, Sephora, $7
Well, that's where it gets kind of confusing: when you put the word "zombie" in your movie, then that should suggest there is some kind of horror or terror or scary stuff going on in the film itself, thus making it part of a sort of collective that suggests brain-eating shenanigans of some sort or other. Right? I'm not missing something on that line of thought, am I?
We elaborate more on this concept in the Create an Internal Social Computing Strategy section on page 79.
3. Tight minis ride up. Usually, I wear this skirt with tights and the friction keeps everything in place. With bare legs, I spent the night tugging the mini back into place.
I went to another session by Catie Bushman on using iPods in the classroom, called “iTunes, iPods, and Apps. Oh, My!” Part of it was simply an explanation of how to create a playlist in iTunes and how to sync your iPod to it, which I already knew how to do. However, I had never considered having a set of iPods in the classroom with games on them for the children to play with; this was a totally new idea for me and one that intrigued me! In the presenter’s opinion, iPods are better for four and five year olds than iPads because the size is more appropriate for their little hands. She suggested downloading eight different apps and then making an iPod app choice board. Each child would have a list of games with a little icon (picture) on it, and he or she would be responsible for checking off each game after playing it. She said that if you made a check-off sheet such as this and had a set of iPods for them to use as a center, it could keep them busy for many weeks! I certainly liked this idea, although I didn’t know where I would be able to get my hands on the eight Touch iPods that would be necessary for one group of my 28 students to use at the same time. But then one of the my Facebook Friends that I met for lunch, (I think it was Brenda Planck,) later mentioned that perhaps parents in the class may have old iPods that they are no longer using that they would be willing to donate to the class. In any case, the presenter pointed out that if you have one iPod, one ipad, and one computer in your classroom, you really have three computer work stations that your children could use. That really opened my mind up to some new possibilities that I had never considered before!
Click HERE for a reminder of how Rare Bomber Thursday works.
Purple Circles Earrings (Czech faceted glass, seed beads, awesome purple bead, nylon thread, silvertone wire and earwires)
I have noticed since getting my new job I have my social life back YIPEEE, I have actually been to the cinema on more than one occasion OOOOH check me out. I watched the film 'Your Highness' and 'Suckerpunch'.
Raquelle: Out of all or your famous uncles, who were you the most close to and why?
Strong magnets were attached to the lids of spice jars using a hot glue gun. I wrote the spice names on address labels and pasted them on the jars.
So is mine eye enthralled to thy shape;
Last Friday I produced my 6th photo shoot of my FMP. This photo shoot I was told to use an ‘unattractive’ background. For example, grey buildings, concrete, etc, to make my model really stand out and get a sense of freedom. On the day of shooting, it had been raining quite a lot, therefore I thought that I could combine the concrete backgrounds and scenery, with the park, as it was extremely muddy and grungy almost. I got my model to wear really girly, feminine outfits again to contrast with the setting.
Some Mothers Don’t Get A Perfect Ending By Erma Bombeck
It wasn't until the afternoon that I began to change my thinking. The presenter explained how counselors were using the XBox Live's Avatar Kinect to allow students to discuss their issues anonymously. Think of a confessional in which you speak through a curtain - however this curtain is the XBox Live environment and you get the added benefit of an avatar that translates your facial emotive moves, body movement, etc. The wheels began to turn and I started chatting with a colleague from another school about integrating this concept into our Social Emotional Learning periods such as Morning Meeting.
“It seems like we still have lots of questions,” Ronan said, “about what’s going on, but we know what Mara‘s doing, so all we need to do is decide what to do next.”
With each progressive movie we are getting closer and closer to over coming the uncanny valley of motion captured movies. Spielberg puts on an informative class on how to do action and adventure in the CGI cartoon medium, and honestly puts Robert Zemeckis to shame for his efforts. The scary thing is, this is Spielberg’s first foray into this type of movie and you can just sense that he had a ball doing it. There is such a joy to this movie it’s infectious, along with top notch action sequences that are just unbelievable. With the limitation of camera movement out of the window Spielberg shows us why he is the master director. Add to that some top notch performances, in particular Andy Serkis who is king of the motion capture, and you have a family movie that is just fun.
eons
All noise is muffled by cotton wool clouds
Anyway, what has brought me back is the Lobster Roll. I have been in love with lobster since I was about 13. Prior to this point I only ate Oodles of Noodles, blue-box mac & cheese, and double-stuff Oreos. Ask my parents, they can attest to these atrocities. At some point I started to become a more adventurous eater, and lobster became a crucial part of the dinner of my dreams; something for special occasions only.
It was all very nice until the next day. Also the following day. Then the day after that. You see, the Elizabethtown College cafeteria was no different from any other host of Thanksgiving dinner. They had to use up those leftovers just like the rest of us. So for a week we had turkey noodle soup and turkey tetrazzini and hot open turkey sandwiches and turkey croquettes. After a week of turkey leftovers, we would all go home for Thanksgiving dinner with our families and then spend the remainder of that weekend eating turkey leftovers.
pinch of red pepper flakes
How Do We Use Spiritual Disciplines in the Right Way
In summary, when you embark on a writing project, the present tense may seem like a good idea. But please think carefully about all the above points--it would be sad to think that the wrong tense choice was what got between you and a book deal.
Will it suit me? Sales generally mean once purchased non-refundable...
–cannot zoom out nearly far enough
He was still playing happily when he did it once too often...to the occupants of the police car sent out in response to furious 'phone calls from the drenched.
There will be regular postings, telling you just how far I have run in total during my training, as well as - hopefully - a live update on race day itself!!
and ate when they were little.
I cocked my head to the side to let some of the blood drain from my mouth. “I thought you wouldn’t kill?”
Set against the gritty backdrop of Seattle’s streets and a cast of characters with secrets of their own, Holly Cupala’s powerful new novel explores the subtleties of abuse, the meaning of love, and how far a girl will go to discover her own strength.
1. Cut the chicken breasts into small pieces (about 5-6 cm in length) and dip in the seasoned flour.
However, this wouldn’t be much of a story if all went according to plan.
I didn't realize I was looking through life with a cloudy view...but lately the view is becoming clearer. Not quite crystal...but getting there.
Hebrews 3:1 – Therefore, holy brothers, who share in the heavenly calling, fix your thoughts on Jesus, the apostle and high priest whom we confess.
I hand cut flowers from the Cherry Cordial, Sour Cherry and Lollipop papers. I made this cute little banner by folding the flowers in half and stringing twine in between the folds. The boarder around the layout was made using my Silhouette machine and stitched on. I did a lot of machine stitching in this layout because my it reminds me of how my mother spent many long hours making clothes for my sisters and I.
JIM SHEPARD is the author of six novels and four story collections, including, most recently, You Think That’s Bad. His third collection, Like You’d Understand, Anyway, was a finalist for the National Book Award and won The Story Prize. His short fiction has appeared in Harper’s, The Paris Review, The Atlantic Monthly, The New Yorker, McSweeney’s, Esquire, Granta, and other publications, and he was a columnist on film for The Believer. Four of his stories have been chosen for the Best American Short Stories, and his story “Your Fate Hurtles Down at You,” published in Electric Literature No. 1, won a 2011 O. Henry Jury Prize. He teaches at Williams College and lives in Williamstown, Massachusetts with his family.
I was a big slacker about getting this eight month post done. My computer has been having issues so I kept putting off messing with it to get this done.
You can add another set of tubing (it's always good to have a back up, since the tubes can break).*
There are so many opportunities for me to fill the role of “teacher” and “leader” to the kids in my life. I will teach them how to walk, how to read, how to behave, how to live with integrity, how to drive, how to have healthy relationships, about the foundations of their faith, and the list goes on and on. As a parent and a Children’s Director, I’m very comfortable in the role of “teacher.” But after reading Matthew 18:1-5, I realized I needed to shift my thinking a bit. Instead of merely focusing on what I can teach kids, I need to think, “What can I learn from them?” I need to view the time I invest with kids as a two-way street where we learn from each other. While I continue to fulfill the role of “teacher,” I should also take time to be a “student” of the kids in my life.
Instead, we arrive at a different kind of understanding, one that holds no less value: we learn to see humanity more specifically, in increasing variety and particularity. We learn to see more clearly both the flaws and the fineness inherent in it, and, flipping over the fabric, to see how they have been woven from the same threads.
Damyata: The boat responded
The solid people come from Heaven to meet the ghosts that come from Hell. The solid people naturally want to usher the ghosts right into Heaven. The solid people are bright and happy and content and move with determination with something to accomplish. The ghosts are pathetic creatures that are shallow and perfectly ghostly and ghastly and can only see themselves even though there isn’t anything to be seen.
You see, I’d never heard of SMA prior to being diagnosed with it, yet there’s thousands of my friends out there living with it today and millions of my future friends parents who are unknowingly carriers of the SMA gene. Without awareness and without a cure, I’m afraid more of my friends are at risk to have their lives drastically shortened by SMA.
Author: Aprilynne Pike
Just to clarify, I am not going anywhere, the goal remains the same, to write, network, publish, etc. I just had to change my URL. Thanks so much for understanding and being as awesome as you are.
All songs by Billy Gibbons, Dusty Hill and Frank Beard, except where noted.
A few years ago, I got my hands on a compact edition of the OED, two very large books that come together in a box with a drawer that holds a magnifying glass so that you can actually read the tiny print. I pull this out when I’m on a word hunt and am feeling like spending a little time with my nose in the book.
Andy Redhead has been performing music and teaching guitar in Cairns since 1981. Like many FNQ musicians, he’s watched the local music scene rise and fall – when the economy takes a down-turn, paying gigs become harder to get, booking agents take a sometimes painful slice and musicians struggle to survive.
The Great British Beer Festival has now finished for me. I've been, gone and come back again relatively intact and unscathed.
"...the school's so-called hidden curriculum, subtle presentations of political or cultural ideas, imparts important cultural values. School activities such as spelling bees and sports encourage competition and showcase success. Children also receive countless messages that their society's culture is both practically and morally good."Taught to think our culture is both "practically and morally good," is it any wonder that things continue to be so bad? If our culture is good, then there's obviously no need to change things in any real or radical way. The same book also goes on to say that "schools further socialize young people into culturally approved gender roles," something that, as a person who often chooses to identify as a feminist, and has a good handful of queer friends, disturbs me on multiple levels.
Today is the start of another new challenge and this month its hot colours. We want to see all the hot colours for this hot month,...well meant to be hot month!
This knife was used to cut through the sting ray, gut the snapper and barramundi, de-scale the fishes as well as fillet the catfish.
Even though I started as an initial fan of McBean's similarly named band, Black Mountain, there was still room to be pleasantly surprised by Axis of Evol's continuous flair. It wouldn't be right to say it's more chic than a Black Mountain album, but it's definitely a little more controlled. You can really tell this is all McBean, from the solo acoustic opening tune "Comas" to a psychedelic voice overlay with Black Mountain bandmate Amber Webber on "Slaves." Contrary to what McBean's roots may suggest, the album's foray into electronic undertones is what really sets his side project apart from the stoner rock label he might have gained in his other involvements. But there's definitely a balance of those undertones with gentle acoustic ballads between these funky tracks. No nonsense here; McBean made a hell of an album.
see how the sand
I know! Such a weird coincidence.
TLC has been airing episodes of “Undercover Boss – Abroad” and I can’t stop watching. I prefer the American version of “Undercover Boss” only because it is so interesting watching the CEO’s of companies I know go undercover. For example, watching the Subway CEO make sandwiches was hilarious.
So what is it that musical training does? According to the Northwestern scientists, the findings strongly indicate it adds new neural connections — and that primes the brain for other forms of human communication.
School is winding down for me, just to pick back up. Haha I have an overfilled summer with a pretty full fall to get me through this time and focus on something. Only 8 more months until John is home and I have my degree :)
So Forgive & Forget all who rush for it & Alleviate
Place bottom half of shortcake, cut side up, on cake plate; top with half the strawberry mixture and half the whipped cream. Place remaining shortcake, cut side down, on strawberry mixture. Spoon remaining strawberry mixture over, then top with remaining whipped cream. Garnish with reserved whole strawberries.
Today is slightly colder and windier than the last few days but I can see and feel that spring is definitely on its way. I am so glad that it doesn't get dark so soon as it used to be some weeks ago, it means a lot to me that I still can enjoy the sunlight when I am home from work :).
THURS – chili + corn bread, veggies + dip
world get? When you come right down to it, an old-style Chicago Democrat – a man whose prime instinct is to make any deal as long as it will keep him on top. To be fair to him – not that I have any great urge to do so, fairness is overrated, something for that wimp in whose head I’m condemned to silently rage most of the time – much of the past three years have been spent dealing with the various messes that his idiot predecessor left to him. But really, Obama has proved to be so ready to make compromises, has been so flexible that he’s
The world before me and no idea where to go.
808 State & Bernard Sumner Spanish heart UK
Panini America Personal Collection Spotlight
We really want to hear from our listeners on what you would like to hear from us. Please email us or comment on the blog or call our voicemail line and let us know what you’d like to hear from us.
My heart was pounding as I came out from that house. Out of my politeness, I stayed while she showed me around the house. But I couldn’t recall anything except a bright pink garland made of tissue-paper flowers and a television with the sound turned down and only the imagery flicking and highlighting her loneliness.
Just because words do not come in as fast, people must not forget about the receptive-expressive gap. Our kids know way more than you think and do not short change them because of that lack of speech. My other piece of advice, for what it is worth, is do not put off working on articulation. The minute you have any sounds at all start working on them. Show them the correct way to form those sounds. Ask your ST how sounds are formed and where that tongue is supposed to be. I have heard before "oh, that is a six year old sound so do not worry about it now." Well, I do not worry about it but I do not let Kristen make it wrong either if she is capable of working with me to correct. Even if it is hard for her to correct at first, I keep showing her again and again. She eventually gets it. You know your child. If they get frustrated, then stop. But, if they do not and let you help them correct, keep doing it. Repetition, remember, is key. Persistence. Patience.
He did that Wade Wilson, which already makes him a legend in my eyes. He landed a gig creating the art for the Deadpool Corps comic book, which makes him one of the luckiest men alive. He is Marat Mychaels, and he will be drawing unique original art sketch cards for Upper Deck’s Marvel Beginnings 2 and The Avengers trading card sets.
Coronation Street: Carla’s car crash
He is Eric Appleby, chairman of 'leading national charity' Alcohol Concern. Not content with trying to force their neo-pro fundamentalism down the throats of the retail sector, they've now teamed up with something called BreathScan to take on the FTSE 250. A press release issued on Thursday sets forth, thus...
Real reason why I bought em was for my figma, but it was also why I was hesident about buying em, as they're meant for Nendoroi, I thought Fimga might not fit well with the set.
Hilgers, who is a specialist in treating infertility, prefers to cure the problem so that couples can bear children naturally. His teaching staff, all experts in NaProTechnology (natural procreative technology), have trained physicians all across America and in other nations as well. NaProTechnology respects each and every human person.
Melvin Duffy (guitars, pedal steel, banjo)
Matthew 6:7-15
Metro police officials repeatedly had to hold Taukobong back. After the lunch hour, armed members of the police's tactical response unit entered the courtroom to maintain order.
Armstrong's thesis is that the capacity for creativity is there in all of us, waiting to be triggered by the right conditions. Stanislavsky understood that. He said that an actor should believe in the life of their character, as a child believes in the life of her doll. We are all born with the ability and desire to role play, to make marks and sounds and to move experimentally and joyfully, and to tell stories. These abilities get locked in by society's expectations and judgement: you are are weird if you continue to do these things, unless you have unusual ability.
Jack: “Yes, but I ate that just to make you happy.” (#220)
2) *Beer, mead, or an interesting wine; (ESPECIALLY if it's homemade).
On the sideline, the tension was palpable. Parents staggering back and forth with wide-eyed, shell-shocked expressions, muttering in their anxiety and fear.
Full faction decks for both WARMACHINE and HORDES will be available as additional downloads for $6.99. Every deck will include all currently released stat cards for that faction as well as new model updates for the life of the current rules set.
So that should tell you how our parenting’s been lately…
Believe me when I say I do
So that’s several lessons shared there already! Get internet savvy, know everything there is to now about publishing and marketing yourself, about how to sell yourself and your books. Meet people, go to events, and basically do as much as you can because no one else is out there doing it for you. It is a continuous learning curve, and a continuous balancing act!
hide your hate
Without ceasing…
Sitting on a blanket and listening to Matt play his guitar during above mentioned frolicking. Grass still green. Sky still blue. Life still amazing.
During his early 20’s, Tullian reconciled with his parents, and started to make some changes in his life. He was living responsibly, holding down a job, paying the bills, earning an honest living. He said, “I felt like I was stumbling through life blindfolded, without direction or understanding. Life made no sense. I decided there had to be more to who I was than what I was experiencing.” He came to his knees one night in his apartment and knew something had to change. God was making that very clear in his life.
Apple Filled Acorn Squash Rings with Curry Butter
Sharing love and making memories
And of course the publicity value of such an acquisition would go without saying, and if anybody knows publicity, you can rest assured that PETA knows publicity.
Another innovation is the engine 2.7 VVT-i Flex Fuel with 158 horsepower with gasoline at 5,000 rpm. Maximum torque is 25 Nm (at 3,800 rpm). Sales of models with the new engine, however, begin only in the first quarter of 2012.
‘Writers think she’ll be perfect for the role. Her character has plenty of bite and doesn’t take any prisoners — just like her in real life.’
During the reign of the fifteenth Emperor (at some point during the 21st century), Draconia was suffering from a plague. The Doctor came to the planet and cured the plague. He was remembered as the form of a painting in the Emperor Palace.
I've had this one on file for quite a while now.
College of the Holy Cross
"Tumblestacking – stacking pots on top of one another in a kiln, separated only by wadding – is a popular way to load pots in atmospheric firings because it can influence the path of the flame and the marks it leaves on the pots.
Watermark Ink: (VersaMark) Tsukineko
These little things combined begin to mark the character of a nice guy. He’s the guy who treats her with respect and has a genuine interest in what interests her. He’s the guy who doesn’t seek to put her on a pedestal, but seeks to support her in the goals she’s already striving to achieve – while also working on his goals. He’s the guy that can tell when she just needs to be held and doesn’t make her feel weak because of it. Trust me, fellas – there’s no way this guy finishes last.
On the Sunday of labor day weekend I began to have surges (the Hypnobirthing term for “contractions”). They would come 7 or 8 minutes apart for a few hours at a time, then go away for a while. This went on for 2 days. It wasn’t painful – I wouldn’t even say it was uncomfortable – just a new sensation I hadn’t felt before. I really hadn’t had contractions throughout my pregnancy…or if I did, I didn’t notice them. By the end of day two (Sept 5th), I was more frustrated than anything that this wasn’t the real event, so I went on a cleaning rampage to spite myself (another “Hmph!” moment). We also had the carpet cleaning guy coming the morning of Sept 6th, so I spent the evening vacuuming and moving (non-heavy) things around. At 11 am I gave up the vacuuming (I’ll finish in the morning) and went to bed.
* Keep the design simple.
Mark was 47. I saw him around AA some over the past year or so; he was trying to stay off the booze; yet it had a profound grip on him and made his last months a terrible hell for both him and his parents who could do nothing to save him. I heard the news at work yesterday from my mother and went right over to their house; they were ashen yet subdued, having said for many months now that they didn’t expect him to live much longer.
on. He smiled when Chase sent him a look. “Yeah, I noticed. And you’ve sat through diner like someone kicked your puppy into traffic, burned down all three of your bars, then pissed in your face and shoved a fat one up–”
Isn't tinking kind of like life with kids?
2
Another day of mixing patterns. Except for my jewelry, this is a total thrift get up. What is up with my hair? This photo was made at the end of my long day and I need a haircut.
This is a very sad day in the NFL and sports in general. Junior Seau was reported dead today from a gunshot wound. Some of the reports I’ve seen said it was a “self-inflicted wound” and others just say “gunshot wound”. So as of right now I am unsure if it was self-inflicted or not, but either way its still a tragedy.
My Beautiful Bride is a mountain girl at heart and is one reason she moved to Tennessee from Texas back in 2000. (I’m glad she did!). In May, 2001, we visited the Great Smoky Mountains for the first time. Betsy had been there many times before, but I had only driven through it once.
The White Guardian or The Spirit of Light in Time was an anthropomorphic personification who embodies and personifies both order and good in the same way that his opposite, the Black Guardian, represents evil and chaos.
For the first two or three chapters I found this book difficult to get into. It seemed slow, and I found the reporting of Rose’s experiences too adult/mature in some of the interpretations she made. The descriptions of Rose’s emotional distress and her attempts to deal with the adult emotions surrounding her mother’s affair were well written, but I felt there wasn’t enough confusion in her responses – she dealt with her mother’s feelings in a very adult way (apart from a rather self-conscious breakdown and subsequent trip to hospital, which were themselves later rationalised as some sort of experiment to see how other people would react).
stabbing straight through the blue
Remember The Brady Bunch? It was one of my favorite shows growing up. Tonight for dinner, we're having Pork Chopsh...and Appleshaush.
NO BULL STYLE NOTES: Bound Feet is a memoir with dual voices and time periods. The two are not equally situated, though. At every step, the author’s own narrative defers to that of her great aunt. She is as much a pupil as a biographer.
Rating: 4/5 Beautiful writing, Graceful story
Sadly, Spain had a housing bubble that continues to melt down. The Uk experienced a bubble, burst, rally and flattening much like Canada. Australia avoided house price declines until 2010, but their house prices are deflating too.
Cervejaria Sul Brasileira Xingu Black Beer
i hold my pelvis, hands shaped in a triangle
First English mystery with multiple narratives – Most people credit The Beast Must Die by Nicholas Blake (1938) as being the first to use this writing style which tells the story from different viewpoints. However, Bleak House (1853) had two narrators.
In 1851, the University’s board of trustees planned to build a third dormitory for the growing campus but decided instead to construct what the board called a “large, commodious hall” for student assemblies and commencement exercises.
meet the very active and adorable, aaron:
Programs Equipment/Supplies Runner for Megan
In fact.. you podcast listeners might be interested to know that Hunter is also the voice behind the Never Not Knitting podcast theme song! We have known Hunter for years. He is an amazing and talented guy, and proved to be a great help on the photoshoots as well. He worked the second camera for me and helped us carry coats, props, and even my daughters pink sippy cup. What a guy.
“Very wise, Richard.” I remark. “Speaking of knighthoods, how’s the career going? Seen any good scripts lately?”
Garlic, 3pcs, chopped and sautéed until golden brown
Most people who I have spoken with believe that Casey Anthony is guilty. But, we still have 6 months until her actual trial. I’m wondering what your thoughts are on the three options I listed in the headline: Execution, Life in Prison or Acquittal.
No talking between you and me:
So, arrived in LA yesterday and tried to get down to the Oscars, just to cheer on Christian Bale. Obviously my presence was just enough to tip the scales and HUZZAH! A well deserved Oscar, methinks.
During the vacation I had time to doll up before going out - I went natural the odd days before leaving (the break-out was main the reason) but here's a look for a nice occasion - afternoon tea baby!..
I don't often remember to count my blessings. I am thankful for the fact that this is only my son's second ear infection (his first one was 11 months ago) and he is going to be three in two days! As a child (and adult) that has chronic ear infections, I am so, so, so thankful that he doesn't seem to have the issues I do.
There are a couple of reasons:
You can purchase a 12-pack online for $4.99 in a variety of colors and give yourself a break from cleaning yogurt smeared on high chairs, dropped on the floor and all over the toddler! You'll be thrilled with this great product!
Folks, we can’t give this issue away in this election. It is about fundamental freedom. Whether the United States government or even a state government — you have Amendment 1 (ph) here offered by Scott Pleitgen (ph), who, by the way, endorsed me today, and it’s going to be on your ballot as to whether there should be a government mandate here in Florida.
It went something like, "Laura, can we talk? I was thinking about you today and needed to clear some things up."
We knew that.
The drones set up their instruments. I must say, they look smart in their bow ties and black suits, despite being covered in metal and having an implant over one eye.
The proof of this is contained in his message, which reads (in relevant part) as follows:
In music.
Aim upwards, Go fight!
Parasol unit will be the first UK institution to show the work of Ana Gallardo. Born 1958 in Argentina, Gallardo has exhibited throughout South America, North America and Spain.
4.Just when the onions are done add all the veggies ,1 cup water ,add all the masalas with salt as per taste .
Have you ever discovered something amazing in an unexpected place? Tell me about it!
Highlighting a matter close to his heart, Abdullah said the government wanted the country’s public sector to emerge as one that would achieve global distinction.
Obviously we aren't talking Batman-grade technology here. These were just a couple of things I already owned that I realized could suit my needs quite well. Neither was expensive or appeared special in any way, which were key parts of their simple charm. They were just a couple commonplace items any college student could use to roam around campus clandestinely hauling hooch. Here's how it worked:
In my initial review of Laid I mentioned that despite the fact I didn’t enjoy the first episode I’d give the series the benefit of the doubt and watch the whole thing, reporting back after its six episode run on whether it just needed a couple of episodes to get going or if it really was just going to be a dark, mostly unfunny comedy about an awkward girl and the guys she’d slept with. Guess what? I was right the first time.
(Unfortunately, the subtitles stop once the actual song starts, but if you actually go to YouTube to watch the clip, the lyrics are all written out below the video, so if you really want to sing along, you can.) Enjoy!
The sauce: Rinse out the food processor and process the soaked chiles and the broiled tomatoes (skin and all) with enough chili-soaking liquid to make a rough-textured but pourable sauce. Pulse in 2 tsp salt, 1/4 tsp oregano, 1 tsp sugar or to taste. You’ll have lots of sauce — enough to drizzle over the stuffed zucchini, serve on the side in a sauce boat, and maybe even some to freeze for another meal (which makes a time-intensive dish like this extra worthwhile).
Note the quotes about the book from below:
Still, it’s sound advice. I was fine with Aaron Corp. More than fine, really. He shredded defenses at Orange Lutheran High and made a mockery of the CIF state championship game. He’s mobile, which is nice. (Correction: he’s mobile, which is fucking awesome in ways I can’t begin to explain but have something to do with a primordial fear of quarterbacks who can run and are from Houston and have the initials V.Y.) He avoided interceptions. That’s a big one, considering this season’s road schedule is going to hinge on turnover ratio. He’s put in his time, and who doesn’t want to see that rewarded?
Average driving time to skate area: 5 minutes each way
07. Sorrow
He has been cursed with shadows of nightmare.
Dear Cloud has been dominating my playlist ever since I knew them three years ago. Since I have been waiting for their new album for quite a while, I am really happy that they finally released an album that could become another soundtrack for my life. Strings in the new album are just lovely. I really love listening to the title track, because it always makes me feel happy when I am listening to it. I believe that they can be one of the representations of modern rock and brit-pop in Korean indie scene.
sorts of genealogy stories and information traded back and forth all day.
At least one of us keeps track of these things.
Free-Range parents may harbor a certain nostalgia for simpler times. It’s hard not to, when just 20 years ago you could be toasting marshmallows and nobody would be simultaneously talking on their cell, or dowloading videos, God help us, sexting. Fewer marshmallows shriveled into black nothingness.
It is one of those elements largely overlooked by many writers, but it’s an important element that shouldn’t be ignored.
But should we be upset? Like their continental relatives, the rump of now-irrelevant European royalty, the minor members are eurotrash hobnobbing with each other and the pick of New Money they can be bothered to acknowledge, celebrities synonymous with the other purveyors of New Opium, like the Beckhams, Elton John and, erm... Jordan. Apart from the heir to the throne, they are pretty much free to do as they please. Never mind All In This Together, it remains, as it must, Us And Them.
There are many health benefits to using colloidal silver. For instance, medical uses of silver are used in hospitals for the medical treatment of people who have suffered by burns. By using colloidal silver, the growth of scar tissue can be prevented. This is because of its proven ability to stimulate the regeneration of human cells in the skin.
Children’s Oncology Holiday Party.
After I registered for the food bank, I was taken to a back room to be interviewed about my employment status, my income, my bills each month, how many were in my family, and whether I was a Christian. I said no, I am a Quaker. Thank heavens, the Pastor Woman thought I was joking and laughed. I told my daughter later that had I known I would be asked about my relationship with BBJ in order to be allowed to receive food, I would have worn saffron robes and danced the Krishna for Pastor Woman when she got to that part of the process. (No offense to any religious group, belief or creed intended.)
And those are my unlikely tales...
Below are examples of archetypal ratings adjustment and size. Both the Batman Begins DVD (left) and the PS2 bold (right) are apparent with their corresponding ratings emphasis in red as they arise on both the characterization and disc. Click on the thumbnail images for beyond versions:
Keep extra leashes by the door so you save time making an exit.
Those notes you wrote are so darn funny ! I used to analize dreams but I just can't figure this one out. LOLJust what were you drinking !?!
And let's get this party started. Go! And have a wonderful weekend.
Welcome to Biddeford….
Hope you're having a sunny day!
Owen adores the zoo.
The days seem to be speeding up, the weeks fly by faster, work is a social hub, a buzz of activity (despite the January blues and flus). I decided to upset the balance.
* ridicule my beliefs
The other end of that thread is connected to your highest and best selves. And we promise you, nothing will be more pleasing than for that connection to be brought into your lives and, indeed, into your selves. It really matters not what method you use to accomplish that feat. In your world today there are many, many methods being put forth. That is to make it easier for you to find your way. It is not important for you to find the true way or the best way. It is important for you to find a way. Just find the end of that thread and begin to pull.
You can imagine my astonishment when I saw green coming up, and total surprise when I saw buds, now they developed into flowers!!! And it IS RAINING HEAVILY!!! LOL.
4.Place sausage on top of bread. Sprinkle cheese over top.
C.A.T. has also, in its own way, been nagging. With Neptune’s Angel being published on May 1st, it wants another story written about it. Yes, like all normal cats, it likes its attention… smug, arrogant, self-satisfied… what? oh sorry C.A.T… you want me to get on with this blog…
The following volunteer positions are open:
I’m now looking forward to reading more of Rachel Gibson’s work.
Do you think though that there's the same theme of a change of identity running though Lia?
Here's the good news. If I suffer with pregnancy insomnia for the next 12 weeks, then it's likely I only have to pretend not to be a grouchy bitch for the next 15-18 months! WOOT WOOT!
There are three fairy godmothers in tutus; the Songbird Fairy, the Electricity Fairy and the Lilac Fairy. My favourite was the Songbird fairy, because she was good at doing a bird’s fluttering movements, which suited her body. I thought she was very pretty.
“What are you playing at, boy?” The Sherriff tried to brush him aside, but Rel held his ground.
I remember the day that I thought my life was over. I remember it with so much clarity, that sometimes I genuinely think I'm living two lives at once. I remember seeing a part of myself disappear and losing all of my hope. I remember what that felt like. I remember giving up.
I definitely will finish the set of stories I've been working on.
Me? I’d feel a burning rage hotter than a thousand suns.
Her suggestion, which I agree with, was “Write moar”. Or, at least, that was her meaning.
Having narrowly averted an (under)world war, Cat Crawfield wants nothing more than a little downtime with her vampire husband, Bones. Unfortunately, her gift from New Orleans’ voodoo queen just keeps on giving–leading to a personal favor that sends them into battle once again, this time against a villainous spirit.
I love how he's all, "What?!" in this photo.
Weight: 0.7kg
The celebrations took place in the village hall, tables were all laid beautifully, and guests from all over the world had made the journey to this remote location to celebrate with their friend. Of course the obligatory power cut happened right at the crucial moment when the food needed to be heated and just as everyone was taking their seats. Visiting guests were concerned as we sat in candlelight, but the hosts and locals were not in the least bit ‘phased’ – this is island life, power cuts happen on a regular basis, and reassuringly, after a few drams or so, the power flicked back on and the most wonderful food was served. This was followed by a ceilidh that went on well into the wee small hours as everyone hurled and burled around the hall, dancing the traditional Scottish reels, a true Highland celebration. When the band retired, they were replaced by another guitarist, who took to the stage and sang and played to his heart’s content, as the dancing continued. He apparently, honestly, did not hurt himself when he fell flat to the floor with an almighty bang, as he vacated the stage. The partying did not stop there, ipod located and partying went on. We rolled up the hill to our beds around 4.00am, the dancing still going strong, but the party goers gradually dwindling in numbers.
To Choose the Greater Evil.
Dear Heavenly Father, thank You that You not only have given us Your word, but You freely bless each of us whom asks, with the presence of Your Holy Spirit. Thank You that as we seek You and Your understanding, Your Spirit speaks straight to our soul and makes the soil of our hearts good and pleasing before You. Teach us Your ways O God, that we may yield the crop You intended when You created each of us and brought us into being. May every blessing be brought before You with praise. Amen.
The Memorial Day tradition was begun during the Civil War, when women would take it upon themselves to decorate the graves of the fallen to honor their sacrifice. In 1868, General John Logan, in his General Order #11, created an official day of remembrance for our Civil War dead. With the advent of WWI and WWII, the observance was expanded to include all war dead, and the date was made official in 1971 when Congress passed the National Holiday Act, making the day a federal holiday (and a three-day weekend).
Shortly after the awful events of what some of us now simply call "that Tuesday," a small gallery on Prince Street in SoHo opened up its doors and began to invite ordinary New Yorkers to contribute their photographic memories of that day. What first began as a small community art project soon blossomed into an amazing historical document of one of the worst days in American history, a physical - and virtual - library of images captured by ordinary people on an extraordinary day.
I performed my interactive sippy test with New Belgium Brewing Co., Ranger IPA; one bottle and one can. The can was marked for use by June 2012. The marking on the bottle was illegible; but, the brewery is only 55 miles from the liquor store and the liquor store does a big volume; ergo, I take both to be fresh.
The cream rose trim and the dark caramel colored rose is a wild orchid craft purchase. The creamy white rose it from the dollar tree floral, I purchased about a month ago. The other decorations are from my stash.
There have been several versions of this score released over the years. In 1975 Herrmann conducted the National Philharmonic Orchestra in a recreation of the score in it's entirety. However, this release would mark the first time that the music was made available from the actual soundtrack of the film. A transfer from the original master tapes, which were recorded on high quality analog equipment, was finally made available to the public after 36 long years of waiting.
In small bowl, combine baking soda and vinegar and add to mixture.
The Defector? — Which side is he on?
Bill: combination! Yeah…The perfect match with Tokio Hotel.
Some tiny parties with interesting names will not participate in the election – National Hope, Friends of Man and Citizens Assembly.
Reports say though that North Korea will push through with the scheduled rocket launch within the next 48 hours. Jack Bauer’s got plenty of time to stop it.
It is with this intent, then, that Paul told the believers in Rome (and is applicable to us today as well):
I also work out of my home as a crafter (I have an Etsy shop with a few items in stock - more as soon as I get around to taking photographs and listing the items!) and I also sell Tupperware and am looking to possibly start selling Shaklee as well in the near future.
Well, after envying everyone's blog I finally gave in and am giving it a try. Not sure how good I will be or how long before it starts to feel like another chore but, thought I would try it out...
Cleansing
on Prater’s empty field in the heart,
I’ve started to accept it though… Just part of my life. Nothing I can do to change it and still remain 100% me. And believe me, I’ve tried that and it sucks.
They're at least distant cousins, right?
Preheat oven @ 175 C and grease 7 in square pan.
zoning out while talking to each other
the arrow light
All are free and open to the public. I hope to see you there.
***special note: originally I had planned this piece to be bigger, please do not look at the size of my topper in my picture below, it is an inaccurate size. The size is meant to be 3 1/2 inches X 14 1/2 inches not the size I originally cut mine.
Due to the irresistible lure of the procrastination enzyme that ProG releases throughout my system, my creative genius mind easily gets sidetracked by random doodling and deeply cerebral poetry creation.
great places to eat or shop
For heaven’s sake, do not speak to me in such disastrous terms as you write; you must live and be cautious; beware of Madame your mother as of your worst enemy.
I was listening to the radio yesterday and I heard that there was an artwork taken down at a gallery next to the Ritz hotel in London. The reason being that it was inappropriate.
I was planning on creating the Boden Weekly Review Roundup, which had I published it tonight, it would have only been one day late, but based on how tired I am (family commitments are wonderful, but definitely wearing me out), I doubt it would happen tonight, so I will say instead, "tomorrow?" :)
Tips, tricks, book recommendations, diet systems and why all this is so insane, and more to come soon, right here. One thing upfront – the overall statement that diets as such don’t work remains untouched. What I have in mind and will post here soon is some additional information for all those of you out there who seem to insist on more guidance regarding the overfed subject of dieting and still believe they need diet systems or diet books, or both.
Lets re-read this again, as this is mind boggling.
In total, I worked out on 26 of the 30 days in April – a 86% success rate! I’m especially proud because I could’ve used my foot injury as a reason to stay home for a week or so, but I got creative and stayed active (lots of seated upper body weights that put no pressure or weight on my foot). In total, 17 of those 26 workouts had an emphasis on weightlifting, which is my second-highest number ever (behind July of last year, when I had 20 weightlifting-focused workouts).
Jenny Tonge has never said anything hostile to the Jewish community in Britain. Only a liar like Bright (or an anti-Semite – since Bright is not Jewish it is highly likely that his support for Zionism is, as was the case with most non-Jewish Zionists, motivated by anti-Semitism) could confuse British Jews for Zionism and Israeli Jews .
So why do my kids seem determined to wring every last ounce of goodwill and holiday cheer out of me before 9 a.m.? I cannot understand it. If ever I felt like a mommy-martyr, holidays would be the time.
Card Number 1 is for the Outlawz Sunday CAS challenge with a floral theme.
I guess if I do lose other friends over this then I am better off without them, I would rather be surrounded by fewer true friends then a bunch of acquaintances. Time changes people - they grow, they have their own life experiences that change them and I respect that - just look at my life.
I have been digging this black glaze so much I have burned through bucket number one--lookit how good it looks upon the black teaset with blue spots---A PLUS!
And yet entering her office again the image and its programming on her again exerted herself again an inner voice said just pause thought. And upon thought ceasing, the tortured man too disappeared, until thought resumed and he kept appearing in between the never ending stream of thinking.
The tests we took were designed to determine our eligibility for Mensa, an international association for those with IQs of 132 or higher. Its members come from all walks of life and get together every few weeks to take in a movie or enjoy a weenie roast. They’re like Elks or Masons, only they’re smart. Our tests were administered by an attractive French psychologist named Madame Haberman, who was herself a Mensa member. She explained that we’d be taking four tests, each of them timed. In order to qualify for Mensa membership, we’d need to score in the top 2 percent on any given one.
I think I have mentioned before that this has been a long, wet winter. Well that water had to go somewhere. So plans for the weekend were changed. On Friday, we did the best we could cleaning up the mess, in the big scheme of things, there was not that much water, but a lot of things had to be moved and the cheap cupboards I was using for storage soaked up a lot of the water. On the bright side the items stored inside were fine.
blintz leaves are only cooked on one side and they should be barely coloured. if they are browned, the heat is too high. lower it to a medium low heat. it should only take up to one minute or so to cook each leaf.
Once again I hope you found this article interesting and useful. The Bluetooth Bees are an inexpensive and useful method for interfacing your Arduino to other Bluetooth-compatible devices. For more information and product support, visit the Seeedstudio product pages.
Now these packages are available for everyone. But I am accepting a group of 5 people to individually coach with these programs. Do you wanna get in shape for the holidays and avoid the 5 pound holiday bloat? This is for you! Right now I am accepting those wanting to do Turbo Fire or Insanity. I have done both of these programs and had great success! So I know I can personally coach you to success with these.
Altogether, not a bad first find!
Because while we KNOW that what he said was probably completely true, THAT IS NOT THE POINT. The point is that I must keep up the pretence of doing the ironing every day. Never must it be said that the ironing gets done ONLY because if it wasn't, no-one would have anything to wear. (Husband only steps in when pile reaches catastrophic heights.)
- No, but I grabbed a coffee out of a guy's hand and sprayed him with the contents when he made a remark I didn't like.
Now take the cooled oranges and finely chop them in a food processor or blender until they're almost mushy.
BOB HOCKO vcls A B
As I mentioned on CB, transfer is currently off the table and not a topic of conversation. We are actually joking that I will simply sell the house and move to Asheville now verses chancing what Ella will do next time to avoid going back to Charlotte.
This photo will be posted in all its gigantic cuteness tomorrow on CALIBER.
The quatrefoil book table never disappoints and changes character with just a change in finish. It could be used in a study in the dark stain but would look right at home in a living room in an antique ivory painted finish.
Prodigy Poison UK
Happy birthday my Princess, enjoy the day as you wish, these are cute little moments mommy and daddy had waited for long years. God will give you all the happiness and strength in this wonderful world.
Also don't forget to coment on our blog or facebook page; you can be that lucky winner to be showered with all new Prima goodies ! (i am going to give you the sneak of them tomorrow!)
Lots of pizza places now have gluten-free options or even flours made from protein and iron-rich chickpea flour. Go cheese-less and add lots of veggies. Or choose a salad option with an olive oil-based dressing. Many of the major pizza chains can put any kind of cooked veggies offered on pizza in your salad as well. Many of the airport chains have at least five great salads to choose from.
12:35 p.m. — Added 3.25 gallons to get to 7 gallons.
And the pom-poms go to …
“If you’re fans of Sookie Stackhouse and Anita Blake, don’t miss Betsy Taylor. She rocks” (The Best Reviews)—and she’s back once again as a vampire queen who finds herself an unlucky (but fashionable) passenger on the road to damnation…
I can never seem to get bored of it. It’s just gorgeous. I would seriously recommend it to anyone who hasn’t already tried it. Plus they have a really good loyalty scheme.
JC STAFF really has a penchant for pain this time around, not only are they doing this, but they’re also doing Shana Final, Kill Me Baby, and Milky Holmes all in the same season. I’m sure they can handle it all just fine, but it’s seems rare to see them working on two top-tier shows at the same time as their other fare. From the looks of it, the final season will finally see them flesh out the true meaning of the Void users, not to mention they revealed Tifa to be a Void user as well. The animation looks top-notch and Rie is Rie. Points for stylin’.
nectar or power or love or only heat.
Third, be careful. Murakami is crafting a protagonist we are inclined to identify with (who doesn’t want to identify themselves with the character who sees through the world’s sleight of hand?). Don’t be confident that you know what the real score is---if this opening tells us anything, it’s that we need to keep our eyes up and our heads down.
I like high heels. I think they’re sexy and fun and fashionable. I also think they’re uncomfortable and impractical. So I go after cute, comfy shoes like they’re made out of ham. My new shoes feel like slippers. I’m not exaggerating.
From the first day of our holiday, I was fascinated and started taking pictures of bikes.
Eon by Alison Goodman
there, in the stillness
Readers, how can I keep orange in my wardrobe and looking fresh once this trend is over?
Until next Sunday, be well.
Remember that the temperature in the oven will vary. The upper third of the oven will be approximately 1 gas mark higher than the temperature you have set, the lower third will be about 1 gas mark lower. The middle area will be the temperature you have set. If you need to set your turkey in the lower third of the oven in order for it to fit, be sure to heat the oven 1 gas mark higher. (Gas mark 7/425F/220C)
She was much more prepared than she usually is- she was almost entirely packed, and most of the trash was hauled out to the yard to get taken to the dump. However, this is not a tidy woman by any stretch of the imagination. Derema disconnected her computer for her, and because the top- normally black- was ASH GREY with dust, she took the cover off to check for other dust.
My map cites the 6-Banyan Pagoda as a sight to see right in the middle of the old town. Let's go for it! This time I pay attention to the signs for exiting the metro, which tells you what places of note are nearest each exit. But you know how I get turned around. There are so many turns involved, this way and that, that there's no way to know which way you're facing once you get out into daylight. And there are no more signs once you're outside, nor is even the sun an indication because it hasn't yet burned through the thick haze.
4) No time to cook rice, I bought it from the mamak - RM1.00
With Jimmy Vivino and Paul Orofino once again at the helm, Perry's gutsy vocals, guitar ferocity, and go-for-broke intensity highlight the album. Perry was much more involved in the songwriting this time around. He and Vivino had a hand in writing all the songs, with the exception of the Rolling Stones chestnut "No Expectations," on which special guest Richie Havens achingly interprets one of best blues tunes to ever come out of the rock idiom.
He said they were looking at reopening the process of lodging land claims because the process had been short. The cutoff date for lodging claims was December 1998.
However, the SNP held on as the biggest party of local government across the 32 local authorities.
I went to the vestibule and Matt stood at the end of the runway next to Daddy. Jake toddled me down the aisle until he defected for a bunch of balloons Matt's mom had picked up. The ceremony was not the traditional 'Dearly Beloved', Daddy said he knew better than to use the word 'obey' in eliciting a vow from me.
“I slew you while you lived, I will happily slay your shadow,” Sharia swore, glancing about the room to see exits in the walls to the left and right of her, besides the one she entered through.
3. Put the noodles in their individual bowl. Scoop a soup, the ground, and some fish balls. Garnish with bok choy leaves and garlic oil on the top
What a morning I had yesterday! Once I'd taken my youngest off to school, I clicked into Chore mode. It was pouring with rain and blowing up a gale but I was determined to get things done quickly and efficiently: shop at supermarket, send parcel at post office, order book for son at library, collect re-heeled shoes... The minute I put my umbrella up, it turned inside out and the ensuing struggle must have provided plenty of entertainment for Buckingham residents. I gave up after a while and resigned myself to getting drenched. Of course, no sooner did I struggle indoors with three heavy bags of shopping and a comedy hairstyle than the sun came out, birds began to sing and I felt that the weather might just as well have placed its thumb on its nose and waggled its fingers at me! Grrrrr!
TRANSFER muffins to cooling rack
This week’s episode is called iCan’t Take It. Let’s get on with this.
“Time as a stuff can be wasted,” Carl Sandburg reminded us in The People, Yes, as if most of us didn’t have some direct experience of just such a lesson. But the time I spent today reading The Lost Half Hour was without a doubt, time well spent.
What you experience in this opera is therefore something almost miraculously authentic. It is similar to the way Puccini captures the emotional truth of Rodolfo at the end of La Boheme when he realises Mimi is dead - those stark horns evoke in one precise stroke one's own memories of the moment a loved one died: that was it, that was how it felt, that is it exactly. This particular form of genius is reserved for only the most empathetic of operatic composers - something that no writer or visual artist can convey with such instant visceral impact.
+ Not as shitty as before, but still pretty shitty
I'm not much into the Christmas stuff, I should tell you. I mean, we did put the tree up and I attended a Christmas breakfast with friends. I received three different invites for Christmas Eve, Christmas day and approaching New Years Eve. But honestly, I'd love nothing more than to just stay home and vege out. Boring, I know - but I'm such a homey kind of girl. I realise this makes me sound like a scrooge but I just think Christmas has become too much. Australian cars with reindeer ears? Come on. We don't have reindeer here, for fucks sake. Soon, Halloween will invade us permanently! We are not America, people! Santa is an image created from COKE!
a gorgeous early spring, taxes,
Preparing for the film’s choreography, Lauren says, “I’m having so much fun learning steps from different Indian classical dances like Bharatnatyam and Kathak as well as the more westernised Bollywood dancing that we are doing in the film. On set we are having fun trading moves. I’ll give them a step we do in the States in return for a Bollywood step!”
The balance beam was cool except the middle of the beam was so shaky for a guy my size once again the water was cold lol
These disparities in poverty reduction capability in the basin, and the difference in scope and extent of poverty, ensure that benefit sharing needs to have a basic poverty focus, even to the extent that cross-subsidization of poverty reduction approaches might take place between states as part of the benefit-sharing process. Some of the development trajectories and possible poverty challenges arising under the NBIs program of work are outlined inTable 5. (See original publication).
Georgette: "Here you go! Bye now!"
Here is a fun cute little card I made last night for Halloween. I used K.Andrew Designs Fall-o-ween stamp set, purple cardstock and DCWV Halloween cardstock from last year.
When she first came to the public’s attention, Streisand seemed the antithesis of the 60s starlet. Her slanted, cat eyes were elongated with Cleopatra eyeliner; her hair was piled up in a sky-scraping bee hive; and her outfits screamed shtetl chic. Also in an age when Audrey Hepburn was the epitome of beauty, the lanky Streisand surely didn’t measure up – her features – especially her crooked nose, wide mouth and slightly crossed eyes – were almost defiantly plain. And this was part of her charm and her defense. Talent is great, and she had an abundance of that, but her schtick quickly became playing the ugly duckling underdog – something that she would return to well into middle-age.
Do you know that heart stopping feeling, when your stomach has sunk to the bottom of your toe nails, and you don’t know how to get it back up into your chest? Yep. That. My back up has restored all of my contacts and messages, but none of my media. 1,500 plus pictures, mostly of my daughter, gone. I actually didn’t know what to say. What was the point of crying, shouting, screaming or running around in hysteria? It wasn’t going to bring the images back? Well so what – I did all 4 anyway!
“I’m going down,” and hit the floor.
key
Hello on this late Sunday evening. I have a quick little card to share with you all that I made using two of the Grunge sets released January 1 over at Our Daily Bread Designs called Grunge Cross and Never give Up and the coordinating custom die for the Grunge Cross.
After cutting out the base of the purse, I used the Tri Framette 0384 as the top and latch of the purse. I started out by creating a mat of the whole frame. Then in the Funtime software I placed a score line about half way through the outline and added 2 holes for the ribbon to go through. For a little more pop, I also created an outlined of the buds. Then I added the vine and the buds from the Tri Framette to the mat that I made.
Now is the time I make you do math.
Customer-focused innovation has to be more than just an idea; we –– need to take action and remove barriers to enhancing the health care experience. It begins and ends with the end-user – it tells us what they need, what they want, and how we deliver.
For our next meeting, we selected three more books — one for our halfsies club, and two short novellas for our regular meeting. None of the three were anything I would have probably chosen on my own, and they are all short (so I view them as a small commitment!) We’ve chosen:
Sometimes sheer,
Circumstances, waning memory, and my eagerness for this reading resulted in our inadvertantly missing the Gary Shteyngart reading at BookCourt on Thursday. We showed up a day early (ouch) and then a prior commitment prevented a return for what was no doubt a funny and highly literate evening at the always delightful BookCourt on Court and Pacific. I read a digital chapter of Shteyngart's new tome, Super Sad True Love Story, and was again enthralled by the humor, speed and sheer literary brio of the book. Ironically, I read the digital sample chapter on the Kobo app on my BlackBerry on the way to what I thought would be the reading on Wednesday evening.
A recent reading from the liturgy says,
This is a classic case of a mother choosing her boyfriend over her own child. If a man won’t or can’t be with you as you raise your child, then he’s not worth your time. I wouldn’t be surprised if drug use weren’t in this case. How can a mother knowing what she’d done, go and watch television? Did she not know that he was dead? Was the blow to the head not fatal enough in her mind and she thought he was sleeping?
1 piper's
An answer from the farthest point is arriving soon
hospital visit” COULD have been due to the fact that my dad was already dead.) My husband told them to please go ahead & sue us. He told them he was a lawyer & would love to put the doctor on the stand to explain what he had done for my father at that visit. We never heard
Cracking through the surface
This is pretty much my day in chronological order. Insert a bunch more crazy stuff and performances in between some pictures though.
a few more weird things....guess who is walking???
mommy, but I didn't dare to ask God for too much.
Facts are facts, and McBride’s insinuation that “context” could somehow transform Murphy’s factual errors into “facts” is absurd. But context does matter in interpreting factual errors. That Murphy’s factual errors weren’t random but almost always tilted against the lacrosse players suggests she wasn’t simply amazingly sloppy (a problem that in and of itself would seem to disqualify someone as a Poynter source or seminar instructor). Instead, Murphy’s fabrications bolstered her preconceived views, suggesting deliberateness to her fabrications.
my oven
to make your Hunger Games pre- PAR-TAY awesome.
I think anyone who’s attracted to surreal situations, genre fiction, and the unusual can find something in any of my titles. I tend to have a sideways approach to things so even the typical set-ups tend to get turned into something else in my work. If people are interested in reading about the magic or horrific in the everyday and appreciate strong female characters, then so much the better.
But youngsters in the middle – the ‘lion’s share’ of the population – fall behind in developmental tests, suffer more ill health and behave more aggressively.
I loved that Mr. CFP was covered in love and appreciation and warm birthday wishes, through cards and Facebook posts. Say what you want about Facebook, it is an excellent vehicle for passing along "Happy Birthdays".
jesse presleyLoading…12/14/09
Photographer: Tony Scarpero
Dale Barbara, Iraq vet and now a short-order cook, finds himself teamed with a few intrepid citizens -- town newspaper owner Julia Shumway, a physician's assistant at the hospital, a select-woman, and three brave kids. Against them stands Big Jim Rennie, a politician who will stop at nothing -- even murder -- to hold the reins of power, and his son, who is keeping a horrible secret in a dark pantry. But their main adversary is the Dome itself. Because time isn't just short. It's running out.
5. Change
Al Green was amazing! It was really hot out but I couldn't stop dancing for the whole show. It was tons of fun and he played a lot of old songs and some newer ones, too. The only downside was that the dress I'd gotten was polyester and stiflingly hot! It was definitely a sweat-bath that day.
Energy Prices — Crude oil: $104.06/barrel, Gasoline: $3.15/gallon, Natural Gas: $2.08/mmBTU
It calls itself nationalist and insists its logo is the ancient Greek Meander symbolizing bravery and endless struggle.
The new law also provides resources to enhance cooperation among tribal, state and federal agencies, authorizes tribal police to make arrests for all crimes committed on reservations, provides tribal police more access to national criminal history databases, improves collection of reservation crime data, increases resources for dealing with domestic and sexual violence, increases training opportunities and seeks to increase the pools of potential Bureau of Indian Affairs law enforcement officers by upping the age limit from 35 to 46 and expediting background checks for potential peace and correctional officers.
“You are wrong to say that the NICE Guideline is only a suggestion of treatment as we all know our GPs refuse to countenance anything which isn't advised by NICE for fear of reprisal.” Rosie Cox, Cardiff; sick for 41 years
Nov 13 Atlantic City, NJ — Caesars Atlantic City
Thank goodness we live in a development where we get our streets plowed! We went out last night for a Super Bowl party at my sister's house (CONGRATS TO THE SAINTS!) and found out that the streets in our development are better than some of the roads on the 'outside'! I am definitely an Eagles (E-A-G-L-E-S!) fan, but I love New Orleans and hope this win brings them some good luck and brings that wonderful city together! We plan to go back to New Orleans some time in the next couple of years and look forward to seeing that great city once again!
On 15 November 2000, the United Nations General Assembly adopted the United Nations Convention against Organized Crime, which came into force on 23 September 2003. As a supplement to the Convention, with the aim to Prevent, Suppress and Punish Trafficking in Persons, Especially Women and Children, also known as the “Palermo Protocol,” was adopted. The Palermo Protocol defines “Trafficking in Persons” as: “the recruitment, transportation, transfer, harbouring or receipt of persons, by means of the threat or use of force or other forms of coercion, of abduction, of fraud, of deception, of the abuse of power or of a position of vulnerability or of the giving or receiving of payments or benefits to achieve the consent of a person having control of another person, for the purpose of exploitation. Exploitation in the said context refers to the exploitation of the prostitution of others or other forms of sexual exploitation, forced labour or services, slavery or practices similar to slavery, servitude or the removal of organs.” (IOM, 2008)
I choose joy.
The turbulent economic environment has highlighted that alternate options for meeting premium payments as part of a client’s overall financial plan may be important. Many clients are looking for ways to reduce out-of-pocket annual premium payments and may take loans to cover income shortfalls. Typically, they may like to skip a premium payment or two, or to change to a more frequent premium payment mode (e.g., annually to quarterly). No-lapse UL, however, was built specifically to only offer an attractive low cost guaranteed death benefit (if certain requirements are met). It was never meant to be able to generate sufficient cash value to pay premiums or provide loans. These actions would undermine a client’s financial plan objective of providing a death benefit.
The Compaq Nougat carseat is suitable for babies from birth through to 18kg The Compaq Nougat carseat has a compact design and it has the smallest internal dimensions of all Safe n Sound Convertible car seats and is suitable for small cars.
Move on to breaking this country up into different countries. I'm not sure exactly how we should break it up, but whatever makes the most sense to the people in the regions, I suppose. If people in Oklahoma want God to rule their schools, their government, and their lives, who am I to say that they cannot. Call this a new Declaration of Independence. I don't agree with God controlling every of my life. But if people in an area want that, should our federal government really stop them? According to the constitution, yes. But if you think about it, the constitution doesn't really make that much sense anymore either. It was created when the population was small, and controlled by a homogenous white male population who thought that they were the only people that mattered in the country. Rights were not given to women and minorities, because the framers of the constitution didn't even think of them as citizens; they were just sort of...there.
Break your shell
Totley AC hosted the Tiger's Todger Fell Race this week. It's six miles with 850 feet of vertical, and for whatever reason I made very hard work of it. It coincided with a PVP club night, and whilst I expected a few purple vests to be racing instead of doing a usual Wednesday night Plodder training session from the Greystones, I was genuinely delighted by fourteen of us toeing the start line at Sheffield Tigers Rugby Club.
But, this time, I took the time to roast, peel, and seed the jalapenos beforehand, and I also blanched the tomatoes to get the skins off correctly. Since that seemed to work out well, I briefly parboiled the red onions and a serious mess o' garlic, too. Then I just threw it all into the food processor with some lime juice, salt, pepper, and oregano, and after it was nearly pureed, I threw in a bunch of cilantro.
basis.
In just the past years, our workshop alumni have won multiple grants from a number of funders, as well as secured galleries, produced numerous DIY projects, and in general, have their sh*t together.
Anyway, my friends and I are in desperate need of a new place to call our bar home. Since we started going out Downtown we’ve made The Garden our base of operations. Drinks are cheap but well-made, and for the most part the crowd is always a good one. They’ve got a giant juke box that plays everything, and the bar is huge. It’s a pretty awesome place on the right night.
yes, the angel discovers alot of music and holiday cheer but he also finds sadness and despair but even within those emotions he feels the dreams and hopes of the human spirit.
Well I am off to ink up my new stamps :) and I will be back tomorrow with another Inky project that I done a while ago but haven't yet shown on my blog.
(There was only room to seat about 8 ladies and we had to put the wine and cheese outside in the hallway and that is just NOT acceptable!) See that hole in the wall? That is just a hole, no electrical here. Oh and did I mention that there are no light switches in this space, just a breaker box. I think I need an electrician! This will be the front counter area and I am sure I will need a chandelier and some power here!!
Now that the kids are older, I haven't felt the need to go for my early morning escapades to the headland. These days, they will mostly wake up, get themselves a cereal box from the variety pack, fight over who has the Coco Pops for half an hour, play with the pot pourri, and then go off to play with the boy they have befriended who lives next door. Meanwhile Tom and I sit in bed reading, and pray they don't tire of the robot and alien roleplay games before we've managed to finish our cup of tea.
But it was surprising wasn’t it… Yoochun’s “I love you”…
657 ***D-I/11/1974. “Politics versus Ideology: The Greek Case.” The Militant Forum, Chicago, Illinois. (Incorporated in C-1974(12), above, and in Item B-5, above, pp. 501-08 (1992).)
I was even able to have my picture taken with her Marlboro Man, aka, Ladd Drummond! It was so sweet that he was there the whole time to support her, meet with people AND sign her book as well.
The lovely young girl huddles in a small alcove as the
Become a Liker of our Facebook page and when we have got 500 likers I will choose a name from random!
“A wolf dream?”
Taking on the role of a film legend must be a daunting challenge for any actor – because anyone watching their take will be so familiar with the original, and constantly making comparisons. I’d say both Williams and Branagh walk this tightrope successfully, however. Most of the time they both channel the great actors they are portraying rather than imitating them, bringing out the fears and insecurities behind the image. It helps that they are almost always seen at one remove. I don’t know how accurate the film is in factual terms, but after all they are not just playing Monroe and Olivier, but playing those actors as they are seen through the star-struck eyes of Colin.
I've discovered a new fabric resource - Tonic Living - and am loving so much of what they have to offer. Especially the prices! Not one of these fabrics is over $16/yard. Music to my ears.
And Messi bagged his hat-trick and Barcelona’s final goal of the night in a 5-3 victory with a slick finish from an acute angle.
The designer and the store’s co-owner Mara Urshel go back to her buyer days at Saks Fifth Avenue, where she championed Mizrahi early on in his career. Together, they have developed an 18-piece collection of ballgowns, sheaths and hourglass silhouettes that will retail from $2,500 to $6,000 at the 35,000-square-foot flagship, which caters to 17,000 brides each year. Mizrahi is particularly excited about the fragile gingham he developed that appears to be a sheer overlay. “There is something wonderfully American classic and chic about it,” he said.
...just because I never want to forget how I found her on Thursday morning...
said it before, I love these awards. I know some of you out there have tag free and award free blogs, and that's fine, we're all different, but I was the kid motivated by the gold star on the poster on the wall in the classroom and getting these awards is like that for me. The other great thing about them is I get to pick further recipients, so I see it as a community building event with shout-outs to blogger buddies. I don't know about you, but I love getting new
—George Griffith Fetter
Gregory: you are running a movie to
(How ironic, no? That just three and some short decades ago, John Travolta wanted to go to Manhattan to make it? But now, Manhattan is about as hip as a stockbroker's gilded bathroom... Brooklyn is where it's at.)
She INSTRUCTS you to walk towards her BIDDING you to stop just inches in front of her. She teasingly strokes your stiffness then gently SHOVES you backwards.
That is me, Abbie and that is what I say, a lot. It is so nice to meet you! I hope to throw myself under the bus regularly to make you laugh. It’s easy. Mad chaos follows me around and they call me “Mom”. I am married with three boys, (so that’s like having four boys right?) I am a self employed nanny, chef, household coordinator, assistant to “The Chief”, and ALL WITH A SMILE…hiding my teeth grinding and remembering what it was like to work in the corporate world where I got pats on the back and no one ever threw a sippy cup at my head while I was sleeping and yelled, “MO!!!!!!”
Little-Puddling-in-the-Marsh,
During the beginning years pet sitting in their beautiful Lloyd Harbor home consisted of watching only Webster, while the McGunigles traveled with Noah and Gracie. MaryAnn would teach other PWD owners how to train their pups in agility and obedience, and prepare them for water trials. And during competitions, Brian would often sit as a judge on panels. Both are members of the Portuguese Water Dog Club of America, formed in 1972.
Mascara. I prefer Maybelline.
Davis Mountain (in Arizona) - Before you look, Davis Mountain cannot be found on a map. There is no such named mountain these days, but at some point there was. It is described as dome-shaped, and it's said that one can see Sugarloaf Mountain and New Mexico from atop it. There, you will supposedly find diamonds and a ton of gold, stolen by an unnamed bandit, who robbed a smuggler's train (in other words, the bandit robbed another bandit). Search around online and you can find precise directions to the treasure. Only thing left for you to do is figure out what peak is Davis Mountain!
on cling cushion and are proudly hand crafted in the USA.
Love how glossy it turned out. Lets not talk about how many coats of Modge Podge went on that! Love that Graphic 45 paper and the that copper color I sprayed my pan! I attached the tart pan to the stand with Industrial Strength E600 and was very happy with the results!
I picture those pieces of paper having his tall, slanted handwriting covering it in names, numbers, and hooks to songs.
I feel that this needs to be exposed, because Mel and my father can't be the only two.
It's a little over 300 miles from our home to Meadville. After we checked into our hotel we decided to take a quick drive through the town, and saw an amazing sight. The Pennsylvania Department of Transportation facility in Meadville is bordered by an outdoor art project titled "Read Between the Signs," which was created by Allegheny faculty and students. The whole 1200-foot-long sculpture/mural thing was constructed from old highway signs. Here are several photos, which don't begin to do justice to this artistic extravaganza:
But the 99 Cent Store Produce Challenge (oooh – I think I just came up with a name for it!) will have to wait, because I decided not to pass up the Burbank Farmer’s Market, which was one block away from the gym. It’s in the parking lot behind City Hall – here’s a shot of it from the next door parking garage:
Before heading back home we took the girls on a short hike on the nature trail within the park. Mads was gung-ho to keep going but the birthday girl wanted to get back home. Now I have an appointment to take Madison back on the trail to complete the hike next week.
After my moment of indecision, I ran back into the house, kicked off my shoes, sprinted up the stairs, grabbed my shark, ran back downstairs, grabbed the heels and took off in my stocking feet down the path after the kid.
I caught the CBC’s “The Perfect Runner” last week on “The Nature of Things with David Suzuki”. Great documentary on how humans have survived and have evolved to become the perfect long distance runner.
The idea of World Book Night is that you give your books out to people who don't read regularly, you tell them why you love the book you've chosen and why they might like it too. Thus inspiring people to read. ISN'T IT CLEVER?
the supports) ;
In 1969, your family relocated to the East Coast. Did you find the musical climate in the Delaware Valley to be much different from Northwest Ohio?
And it’s not like giant purses are aesthetically pleasing either. I can’t say that I know much about females fashion, but I always assumed that the more fashionable a purse it, the smaller it gets. Sometimes you see females carrying around a bag so tiny that it looks like it can barely even fit a coins in there. I’m sure they’re expensive, and made by some hip designer, but they don’t seem very practical.
* Divide the dough in the portions you need. Form each one into a ball and flatten it into a disk. Wrap each disk with plastic wrap and store in the fridge overnight (you can also freeze the dough at this point and thaw it in the fridge overnight).
*There are also activities offered at the public library such as the summer reading club (with free books), a chess club, the Master Gardeners (who are always willing to share their knowlege), a book club, a knitting club, a quilting club, a speaking club, a classic car club, a remote control plane club, and more...all free (well, if you pursue becoming a master gardener yourself, there is a fee for classes).
I choke reflexively, not knowing if I heard him correctly. I look over at Jordan, one of the other teachers, who is wide-eyed and thanking the Gods she was not the one asked.
And leaking forever
Blunderbuss—a title that the dictionary defines as “ostensibly wide-ranging but poorly focused and ineffective”—may be slightly disappointing, but Jack White on an off day can still school thousands of other rockers on how to write a song, how to play guitar, how to pace an album and how to channel the history of rock’n’roll in the breadth of any given song. It’s frankly impossible for a man like that to
Very thoughtful, truly kind
Of course, it's still the 'dry' season and there's been almost no rain for over six months now. I say almost, because we have started to get some late afternoon or evening sprinkles every now and then. These little dribbles don't penetrate the ground here in the foothills, but hopefully it's a sign that decent rain is on its way. Only 23 days until summer begins and the 'wet' usually starts around mid- to late December.
Do you ever have an irrational want for some thing? And you want it really, really, really bad? I'm having that right now. It's for the above sugar canister. I know, you were probably thinking shoes or a car or something more, um, more normal to pine after. Nope, mine's a sugar canister. And that sucker would be mine right now, but for the fact that it's $89.99. Vintage McKee. Drat.
Are you familiar with the website Not Always Right? I just became aware of it a week ago and have been making my way through their massive archive of retail hell stories that seek to "level the playing field for those of us who toil and sweat every day trying to juggle demanding customers and often unreasonable corporate expectations." Pretty funny stuff and I recommend it, though if you read too much in one sitting your contempt for humanity might poison your soul a bit.
In these tough economic times it seems paramount that assistance should be a part of any business plan; get help from wherever and whomever. If craft beer and conflict management can help each other grow, just think of the outcome: people actually talking with each other in person, sharing perspectives, producing new ideas and having a great time-all while enjoying some fantastic craft beer!
So Robbie and I were reunited in Saturn that night. No, I didn’t fall for him but I did enjoy every moment with that smokin’ hot physique. No, don’t get any ideas. I didn’t kiss him nor was there any ‘interesting’ kind of touching. Things stayed high school and chaste.
One of the patent employee's tasks was to process requests for funds from customers who had completed the application process, documents said. In his guilty plea, Reid said the patent office employee identified accounts that had gone dormant. She then changed the name on the accounts to Redeemed Music House and wired the cash to the company's bank account.
I focused on those lips that looked like that came from pink roses. They weren't quivering which told me that she meant business. Or at least she thought so.
"Come on," Crater-face gestures at us. "Let me give you a tour of our facilities..."
The week after Cohen had to have a minor surgery performed. He did great! Much better than we had expected and his recovery has been phenomenal! He is such a champ and trooper! Last week Matt had to have a procedure done as well. He is still recovering but doing well. Both were minor things and we are grateful for no complications.
There are, of course, many species of fish that spend parts of their lives out of water. Some intertidal fish have flattened corneas, like seals and puffins. Others have evolved strikingly different solutions to the problems of amphibious vision. For instance, Alticus kirkii, a species of combtooth blenny, has an extra membrane behind the cornea that it can use to create an additional eye chamber, shifting the focal point when it moves between air and water.
Add the tomato paste along with fenugreek and asafoetida powder and cook on medium heat till you see the oil separating. Keep stirring in between.
Yesterday eating:
This fiery, red-headed Brit has plagued Sabre and all that have to do with Dunder Mifflin. Not long after the Sabre Store got the kibosh, Nellie set out to follow the rest of the crew back to Scranton for god knows what reason. Her attitude seems inspirational but everything that comes out of her mouth invokes a gag reflex or confused look, and the folks at the Scranton branch are no fools to her ridiculousness. There seems to be an exuberant amount of Jim’s classic eye-contact to the camera and I have a feeling the rest of the office would gaze in agreement.
This is a recipe I found on the internet and did a bit of tweaking. If you want to try an alternative pie crust, try this recipe using yeast. This looks and tastes just like normal pie but less buttery of course.
I’ll never forget the first time I was identified as a writer. Mary Beth Lagerborg called from Colorado to congratulate me for winning the MOPS, Intl. writing contest, one I had entered on a dare from a friend. That phone call changed my life. After a wonderful conversation, I not only had a modest check coming my way for the contest, my poem was going to be published, and I was asked to write content for MOMSense magazine.
as my engines roar the crowds start to sing
My parents were supportive of my dream to dance from the beginning. I was enrolled in a dance school in Tokyo when I was ten years old and joined a junior company there for high school.
Ono A, Sekita K, Ogawa Y, Hirose A, Suzuki S, Saito K, Naito K, et al. Reproductive and developmental toxicity studies of toluene. II. Effects of inhalation exposure on fertility in rats. J Environ Pathol Toxicol Oncol 1996; 15: 9-20.
How didn't I know this? I had read everything on falling pregnant that there was. Yet I'd never read or heard this before! Why don't women talk about this? Is it because it's too sad, too personal?
I didn't get any pictures of Texas bluebonnets this year, so I offer you some English bluebells instead.
Betti Ono was founded in 2011 by Anyka Barber and presented in association with Rockwell Creative Projects and Hip Hop Is Cool Again. Contact 510.473.5919, info@bettiono.com and www.bettiono.com.
She stirs a bit, so I know she is still breathing.. I keep checking to make sure she is ok...sweet girl!
Then I found FunBites. How cool are these? FunBites was generous enough to send me their Luv It cutter. I was so excited to start cutting food =o)
Psychopathic seducers, as social predators, target countless victims. But they attach like parasites, for a long time, to comparatively few: only to their most promising hosts. I think that promising victims give off a scent of vulnerability, of unfulfilled desires that are perfect lures for pathologicals in need of control. However many women they seduce and conquer; however many individuals they con; however much power they acquire, they still aren’t satisfied and need more. That’s because, emotionally, psychopaths are hollow human beings. The emotions, caring, money and time anyone pours into them seeps through them like through a bottomless hole.
In cashmere robes and tweed,
So many ways to get lost if you’re not paying attention to who you really are, underneath the hot wings of desire and the constant abstract pain propelling you forward. Some people, fortunately not many, have the surgery when they should never have had it. I had a good friend tell me she’d made the worst mistake of her life, when she woke up after the operation. She was crying and I was horrified, not just at what could not be undone but with a kind of xenophobic dread–because I’d always thought that she and I were so much alike. There’s a lot of variation in “the community”, as I hope I’m maybe illustrating slightly, and in the midst of all that it was very important to me to have someone who I thought was interested in just exactly the same set of options and preferences as I was. But no. Ultimately she wasn’t. And she didn’t know. That room in the back of her mind opened up and revealed the truth, and it was not a good thing at all.
The only way in is on foot: there are no roads, hotels or campsites within the horseshoe, only footpaths, hills, crags and the Esk River. If you want to get here by car you have to brave the Wrynose and Hardknott Passes, or take 12 miles of winding country lane from the South, or take a circuitous route around the Lake District itself to approach it from the West.
April 1, Mr. Douglas informed Okah that the Northern
Well, My first "Friendly Friday" didn't go as well as I wanted it to. But we will keep trying. Maybe it just takes a little time. So since only two people followed ALL the instructions I only had to flip a coin for the winner and the winner is.........Tammy Walters Hanney!! Congratulations Tammy, and thanks for playing.
Then I thought to make it fun, I'd put some money into it, and give away prizes. Some other awesome bloggers came forward, donated their time and money toward prizes. The next year, a company donated a trip to Florida, and we had even more great people give up a pint of their blood for the cause.
I can decide something, and then DO it. It's pretty easy, for me, actually. I try to give myself really reasonable goals because I want my will power to have confidence in itself, and then I can sneak some hard things in the middle.
Not even sure that’s the correct way of saying that… oh well.
A small bridge, just wide enough for one car, lay ahead. She realized, with a horror that rose instantly like a buoy within her heart, that they were headed off the side of the bridge. She screamed as the tires squealed, but it was too late to stop.
Beyond that, I think you're wasting your time and talent if you don't try to branch out and move forward.
Karen Michel
In closing, when asked what she thought were the primary success factors for creating Canfest, Constance noted the importance of grassroots marketing (fliers, posters, pre-events, reaching out to fraternities on campus), key partnerships (The Reno Bike Project), social media as a marketing tool (i.e. initiating a beer blogger contest that offered an all-expense paid trip to Reno for craft beer bloggers who wrote a post about the event), and teamwork (having a strong team in place to plan and execute an event).
Big congrats from everyone on the Fab'n'Funky DT and please email us your details and we will get your prizes off to you ASAP.
Fate would smile; God would grant, that I see you again.
Shelter-In-Place
I spoke to two groups of classes that morning with about 200 children in each.
Dear Stomach, you need an intervention! Gluttony is not flattering on you...or me. I can't keep watching you destroy yourself with cookies and cream ice cream. It's depressing. You need to get yourself under control. My bikini is counting on you!
We are donating 50 cents for each legitimate comment we receive on all our blogs during April to Paralyzed Veterans of America.
I am beyond happy about the move! And if I'm being 100% honest, I am a little scared too. We've been long distance since we met in June, and while I'm thrilled that he will be around more (although not too much given his work schedule), I also hope that being in the same city doesn't cause anything to change. It's almost as if since we don't see each other except for weekends, the "new" feeling or infatuation stage of the relationship has been prolonged.
Suddenly I am startled awake by a kick in the leg. Saskia is leaning forwards off the trolley, staring into my eyes.
It's nice to know that other boys suddenly think they know everything and get anxious when they realise they don't. It's awesome to see other kids' skills often sit in a different place than their bravado lets on. It's lovely to watch other almost tweens yawn and hug their mothers at the end of a long swimmy afternoon.
I'm starting Princess Parody more as a personal lolita growth chart than for any real reason. I haven't been in the hobby long enough to be a veteran dishing out advice, nor do I pay enough attention to EVERY SINGLE BURANDO out there to give a dedicated review of each new piece but I'm hoping other fledgling lolis like myself will find this and be inspired to see it's ok to make mistakes, learn and grow with me. I've been meaning to do this for a while now but the final kicker was that it became a new years resolution, so jumping on a bandwagon here's a list of my own personal loli goals for the upcoming new year!
I model manage:
It does have its downsides. It’s a little heavier when it comes to fuel consumption than expected but I’m prepared to write that off to the relative newness of the vehicle. The engine did feel a little tight. Also, the rev counter/speedometer combination looks a little out-of-place. While this unit does come from the Spark, that’s where it should have stayed! The Spark is marketed as a fun and funky entry level vehicle and the Sonic sedan is a little more mature than that.
Mark D. Hindy, 28, New York, N.Y.
This is also very basic instruction. You can use a clay machine if you want and if you do, use the thickest setting for everything.
The mahjong as everyone know is legit and so are the playing styles. The Club’s President Style of hell waits are effective as the come and very effective when actually playing the game.
Anyway, when he said it we lost it. Mainly, Josh lost it. I subsequently lost it because his laugh when he loses it is so hilarious!
"If you had been honest from the outset, Mr McBride, then you would not be in this mess now. The case would have been long forgotten," the magistrate said in closing.
½ tsp. cumin
For those of you with blogs, I attended a seminar on copyright with an attorney a while back. She said that some publications have signed agreements with law firms to troll the net with robot programs to fine uses of material from the publications, then shake down the web owner/publisher, and split 50-50 with the publication. Using too much of a piece from a newspaper cost one of her clients $70,000. Fighting it would have cost more. She said three sentences (unless they comprised a substantial part of the piece) would usually keep you within "fair use." Of course, you could still have to go to court, with lawyer fees, to get a judge to agree. ~Bob
‘That really does suck,’ said Amy. ‘Not to mention, if I find whoever chose my track, they had better be wearing full body armour.’
"Property! What property?
who never knew enough to mourn till Morpheus gave her word in sleep.
she pants and sweats and throbs and beats
Thor’s younger brother is a dark-haired kid named Loki, who we’re told is a sharp-tongued rapscallion but shows very little wit. Thor wants to destroy the frost giants, his father upbraids him, Thor gets angry, his father banishes him to earth, stripping him of his super hammer, Mjolnar.
“Nah, we’re cool.” He said tickling mine.
Last week two magnitude 8.0+ earthquakes struck near the western coast of Northern Sumatra while a near magnitude 7.0 earthquake struck the Gulf of California. These recent events have compelled me to write an about how the year 2012 has fared so far in magnitude 7.0+ earthquake activity.
Now post it again. This is my origin.
We stopped at the little beach we had to ourselves a year ago, Playa Kenepa Chiki, and it was packed with tourists and natives. From there we checked out a couple other beaches we wanted to see, but all were so packed there was no parking. Like anywhere, the weekend is a busy time to be in the outdoors. Families are out enjoying the sunshine and warm water of the Caribbean Sea…
Each Design Team member will be featuring an original Up-cycled-Themed Project that includes a Reusable or Recycled item along with a Cricut cut.
3) Sweet Pea by Seam - from "The Problem With Me"
I just figured out why the guy I met this afternoon with the Ethernet cables spun me out: he reminded me way too much of the ex-boyfriend I moved over to Perth with.
Onions – 1 medium
My second message is addressed to the West, which collaborates with Zionism, and especially to America, which acts like a god on Earth. Nobody asks America about the things it does, and nobody holds it accountable for the things it says, because it is like a god in this world. It is America that supports Israel, whether right or wrong.
It was a lovely trip and I'm looking forward to going back next February. I hope to see the illusive Coqui frog. I'm actually thinking about writing a mystery about the frog you can easily hear, but never see.
in the rough and tumble world with dignity,
Step#2- Only sign up with legitimate companies. There are a lot of scams going on out there involving “mystery shopping”. I suggest starting here in order to do research and learn more. Mystery Shopping Providers Association
I’m going to finish with this small story, one day a prince came to a holy man (lets say) and said,
While some children claimed they had wanted to emulate love scenes in soap operas like the Bold and the Beautiful, others said they had been inspired by late night p*rnography on e-TV (Cape Times, Child on Child Violence Out of Control, 22 October 2006).
t-shirt gal
Makes about 24 cookies
Now I’m not all bad!! I do have a few good travel traits that I can be proud of… like I’m easily excited and excited people make trips more fun. Plus, I’m really good at initiating interesting (and sexy) conversation topics. And I’m sure I have other good travel qualities but those will have to wait because my next trip is coming up very soon. It’s called “Work” and it starts at 7:30 in the morning so I better get packin.
The company says it has a strict rule about not revealing the identity of any of its customers unless it is legally obliged to do so.
You will always be our oldest teenager in our hearts until our end.
Well, there's a little sneak peek--I love how these are turning out. We are keeping the name a secret, and I've probably already given away too much by revealing two of the letters. Any guesses? :) Check back in about five weeks and we should have the name (and the baby!) ready to introduce to the world!
Colleen helping Randye with her rocks. (It was rather cold Friday morning....especially if you're from Utah. ;) )
Finally a bunch of policemen came by and saw us. One young lout yelled rudely MARI SINI. My husband walked slowly towards them but the lout kept shouting at me. I then walked slowly towards him and said softly, jangan bising, kenapa bising, itu kurang ajar. He looked like he would have hit me. Luckily a police officer came up and said gently 'come with us'. I asked, 'Will we be safe?' 'Yes yes he said, we'll take you out'. 'So tell your man to stop shouting'. I said. And he did! The lout walked off.
He had told her she was welcome to come if she could figure out a way to maneuver her hands. Having all of her fingers pressed together would make it very difficult to rub against her mound the way she would want too. She could see the wetness seeping out of her as she felt the pulsing quicken and the head of the vibrator rotate inside of her.
04 Rock Of Ages 4:08
However, it wasn’t easy to talk to the protestors or take photographs. When I arrived at the plaza, photographer Adrian Kinloch, his camera visible, was finding himself stalemated by cops, who said that “the person in charge” did not permit photos.
The path the modern federal government is on today was presciently described by Stuart Chase in 1942. He wrote that the agenda of the Fabian Socialists -- who had launched a counter-revolution against America's founding -- was to create an authoritarian and completely centralized government apparatus. The agenda of the Fabian Socialists include:
Oh, hello, Piggy, how d'you do?"
They weigh more than dice.
The story of Keneally and Pfefferberg’s journey obtaining the first hand accounts of other survivors across the globe is told in Searching for Schindler, a story I found riddled with humor and sobering images. The journalistic aspect also fascinated me. Pfefferberg’s quick wit gets them out of many jams, including a run in with some stiff border patrol in Europe, in which Pfefferberg convinces a soldier that he may have a chance to get into the movie business by letting them through the check point.
1) 5X3 Clean & Jerk @ 70% – rest 45 sec.
8:15am – The door to the practice swung open and a harried woman appeared, surprised to find me and my twiddling thumbs. “Is anyone here?” she asked me, with a puzzled look on her face. Do I look like I work here? I said to myself. I politely responded that, no, I appeared to be the only one in the office and that I was waiting for my 8:00 appointment. She shoved a clipboard with blank forms into my hand, settled herself in at a desk directly behind the sliding glass reception window, and phoned my PT to ask if she was, in fact, coming in. Naturally, she did not reach her, and left a message.
Things have improved considerably since then (touch wood). I like to think I’ve reached the ripe old age where I’ve shaken off the need to be surrounded by a pack of people all the time. It started off going for art exhibitions alone – none of my friends were keen on art and I didn’t want them to be compelled to come with me – and then gradually shopping, random exploring, working/studying in coffee shops etc. Nothing too big, just baby steps. I’m yet to go for a movie alone or to a proper restaurant. I think I could do movies solo after a while, but somehow a meal alone, well, just seems rather lonely.
“No,” he persisted, “you’re beautiful and I’m in love with you.”
Owen gets up and starts running and screaming and Joshua is in quick pursuit, because what started as a game of hide and seek, turned into a game of tag. This time as Joshua was running he ran into the toy toolbench that was in their room and it broke apart and went all over their room, all the little pieces that were in there were scattered across the floor. That didn’t slow Joshua down, he was determined to get Owen. As Owen ran by the door he must not have seen the laundry basket sitting their either, he knocked that over and now there was even more clothes on the floor of their room. Finally Joshua is within inches of Owen and he gets him in his grasp, and as boys will do, Joshua tackles him to the ground. Of course, Owen, being battle tested over time starts wrestling with Joshua like its just another day.
7. Be blunt
½ oz. Tabasco sauce
3. Essence Carson – New York Liberty
Remember - someone has to die - make sure it's not you.
Madeleine Martin, the animal protection official for Hessian state government, said the law needed to be changed to make sex abuse of animals – known as zoophilia – a crime.
The Yakima Red was a much better proposition: clear as a bell, crisp, light and thirst-quenching. The hops add some gentle orange overtones, the bitterness building gradually to a slightly catty peak.
Halloween was one of Sierra favorite holidays as she got to lick all the sticky gooey candy covered faces and fingers of little munchkins who came to visit our house. Unfortunately for Sierra one of her peeps (who shall go unnamed) felt it nessassary to dress Sierra up in all sorts of ridiculous costumes for the occussion.
The design team members thank everyone who has adjusted your blog settings to turn Word Verification OFF and leave Comment Moderation On!
A good friend of mine, Amy, has a little inspirational t-shirt business. They are 100% cotton and printed with earth friendly dyes. 4 different colors: milk chocolate, midnight black, snow white and fairy pink. 4 different styles: shorts sleeve- crew neck, short sleeve-v neck, 3/4 sleeve-crew neck, 3/4 sleeve-v neck. 4 different sayings: "take charge", "take notice", "take action" and "take control". I'm a "take control" fan. Take control of your thoughts, your feelings, your attitude, your life, your knitting stash! A motivational reminder to live your life with a healthy attitude and positive outlook.
There are 2 types of impossible gags here.
Patrick was also keen to promote entry into the Bridport Prize ( he is the judge for the flash fiction and short story categories) and
Bearing in mind that The Jerk and Enchanted did this sort of thing so much better, Elf is a fine fish-out-of-water comedy. Will Ferrell is amusing as Buddy, as is Caan as his father. Peter Dinklage is a highlight, whilst Zooey Deschanel is in this movie. I don't like watching Elf because Deschanel's scenes with Ferrell make me jealous. Everything else feels vaguely predictable but hard to dislike. Even Will Ferrell's now overdone screaming childishness fits the role. Individual scenes are enjoyable, such as Buddy's snowball warfare expertise and his interactions with Dinklage.
At GCCF they have several vocational/work areas for the offenders. These areas were designed so they can be utilized in a variety of programs (i.e. wood shop, electrical shop, etc) and customized as needed. There is a paint booth on site and we were told that GCCF offenders will maintain state vehicles at the site.
I am learning that
“Poor Howard.”
I took a photo and sent it to my friends. I texted how outraged I was, and that not even *AARP (which likes to offer early memberships to people 40+) has approached me yet.
Outside of the wedding category I also would like to start doing peices that can be used for artwork. This isn't quite what I mean but a friend asked me to make a little design to fit in a picture frame for a collage she was doing for her husband's christmas present. Here is what I did.
Because, he replied, “It’s unsustainable. It can’t last more than a cycle or two. … With the political center hollowed out, the American people are going to say, who’s going to populate the center where you’ll get things done.”
Here's Woosi
“The Dunes, Snake!” Vern screamed. “The Dunes is on fire!”
Hastings ended the blog post by saying, “Both the Qwikster and Netflix teams will work hard to regain your trust. We know it will not be overnight. Actions speak louder than words.” I believe that Netflix’s latest actions just made this task twice as hard.
Some of you may have wondered if 1) I'd died or, 2) was beamed up by hot, George Clooney-like aliens. No and no. (Though, I could think of worse things than #2.) Instead, I was on vacation with my parents.
– Direct eye contact
This question may have an answer. It’s no secret that I love Anonymous. What they are doing is wonderful. If the authorities will not allow peaceful protests and dissent someone out there has to do something about it.
But where does my joy come from? Is it found in relationships? Possessions (maybe that new pair of really cute shoes)? I think my favorite definition of joy is #3 above: A source or cause of delight. Very simply, my joy (or delight) should be found in the Lord. Honestly it’s not always that way, but in reality joy is a choice. I can choose to be joyful no matter the circumstance, or I can choose to rail against my circumstance and be miserable. If I can find joy in the midst of trial – even if it’s as simple as remembering the joy of my salvation in Christ – then my circumstance doesn’t seem so insurmountable. One thing is always true, no matter what. Jesus Christ is my Savior and the true source of my joy.
This Year:
'Yes please' was the reply.
Sandra Conaty Brace, 60, New York, N.Y.
Simon Cowell was robbed after a one night stand with a woman. He’s kicking himself. He ignored Paula Abdul’s advice to only sleep with contestants.
Unadilla was the week after and although I wasn’t really worried about the race, I had a lot of trouble sleeping Saturday night. But once I got to bed I slept like a baby. It was cold that morning and foggy, so foggy you could barely tell there was a motocross track right there. It was pretty cool having close to 500 bikes in the morning race. There were 60 guys in the 250 class alone! I didn’t get a great start here but followed the pack for the first lap. There was a ton of traffic in the woods which made it hard to pass, and I suck at moto so I couldn’t get by anyone on the track. The second lap I spent passing the same people in the woods, only to see them fly by me on the track. I ended up finishing mid pack which I was happy with. This was not my kind of course at all. Unadilla is unreal how huge it is. I was rolling a 100 ft tabletop when a guy from the sportsman row came around to lap me and cleared it right next to me. I was literally looking up at him with my mouth open as he soared about 40 feet in the air above me and disappeared down the other side of the jump. Motocross is absolutely insane and I have no desire to do it!!! The woods there were fast as well, and pretty whooped. There were a couple mudholes but nothing like Stateline. I was glad they decided to cut out part of the course that flooded because I could only imagine what a nightmare it would be.
I used PTI Background Basics: Chevron stripes and stamped it using Memento Summer Sky and Dandelion Inks. I do not have any PTI pastel inks yet. Then I stamped the sentiment from PTI 2012 Anniversary set Pretty Peonies in PTI Snow white Ink. The peony was again stamped in Memento Summer Sky ink. The card came together quite easily and will for sure try this with other color combinations. I tried embossing the sentiment in white, but somehow I always have trouble doing this. So, I left it with this white ink as is.
Devotion by Kaye Singleton
In the 2008-‘09 television season, women comprised 25 percent of “all creators, executive producers, producers, directors, writers, editors and directors of photography working on situation comedies, drama and reality programs,” according to the Center for the Study of Women in Television and Film at San Diego State University.
Debauchery is the more intense of the two films on offer, due in part to when it was released; the advent of VHS and availability of more explicit fare meant Nikkatsu had to raise its game, content-wise. The film runs just 70 minutes, and 69 of them are sex scenes (well, that's an exaggeration, but not by much ... ). The premise looks to be taken from the Luis Bunuel film Belle de Jour (1967), in which a bored, affluent housewife decides to work part time as a prostitute. In the case of Debauchery, the woman in question (played by the lovely Ryoko Watanabe) gets way more than she bargained for, particularly in the realm of kink -- B&D, S&M, whips, belts, beads, the humiliation and degradation mounts until she's finally walked on all fours on a leash down an alley, only to be given over to a bunch of dirty bums. Distasteful? Yeah. But well made, enough so to hold my interest. If kinky Japanese sex hijinks is your thing, you can't go far wrong here.
I'm sure I'll be writing about aspects of the trip for ages (partly here) but for now we can maybe answer the most popular question ("so what were your favourite places/highlights?" - I can't tell you how many times we've been asked that!). OK - here goes:
Log Home Kitchen Designs
Nothing worth speaking of really happened on Thursday, and not much happened on Friday, either, at least, not until after classes were done for the day. Andrew’s parents flew into town early that morning, but we didn’t see them until after 4 or so! They stayed in our room for a while, hanging out, until they left so that we could get dressed and prepared for our choir concert. The concert went really well, and we had a great time performing. Afterward, Andrew was surprised to see Scottie and his girlfriend, Laura, had also made the trek into town, something he hadn’t expected. It was a nice little surprise for him (Mrs. Grant had told me earlier). The six of us went out to eat at Ruby Tequila’s for dinner before parting ways for the night, making plans for breakfast the next morning. Andrew and I went back to the room and stayed up for a while, watching a few episodes of How I Met Your Mother before going to bed.
on Quick Bread or Cake setting. *One of my favorites!*
Yes, we are all ecstatic that the semester is over. For those history grad students pondering the link between history and fiction/literature (shout out to Derrida), here are a few non-history tomes to keep the juices flowing over the summer.
5. Didier Drogba (Chelsea)
What is Mike’s favorite body part of Ashley’s?
“If this had been Detroit, there would have been a riot,” said Aaron Selvey of Harrisburg, who visited the billboard site last Wednesday (March 7), the day after the sign was put up and later torn down.
Bloggin... My computer is on its' last leggies ~ email is fine, but while blog posting it freezes, crashes, it's just a PITA s.t.r.u.g.g.l.e. The French have a saying which I adore, sounds so romantic when they speak it, very universal and translates to " we're in the sh*ts ". Their slang sooooo accurately describes our computer these days:) I'll still be around, following along on my Google Reader, stitching and saving for a new computer... and posting less often cause it's just not awesome anymore.
"Okay. . . If you try to take our firearms we will kill you."
Fox did end up writing an article about it and burying it on their website, but of course they didn’t make it a push notification like the other news agencies, and it really is a pretty big story considering his vast influence. And it seems pretty doubtful that they’ll bring it up much on TV, as much as they have tried to avoid any talk of him since the scandals within his empire have come about.
Final leader board:
Some experts suggest that so-called adrenaline junkies are not all that different from their AA-going counterparts. Similar addictive reactions occur in the bloodstreams of extreme athletes and even serial criminals, not for drugs but adrenaline. The high brought on by the endorphin rush can be overwhelming and highly addictive.
Alfred Stieglitz (1 gelatin silver print, 1910)
It’s not fair, she thought. Why should I be penalized because of someone else’s unethical behavior.
I love taking clients there because they get taken such good care of! It was time to say goodbye. They had a long drive to Miami and I had to get to another gig. I have often though back on this trip. It was wonderful to spend time with other who had as much love and respect for the outdoors as they had. I hope to take them up on their offer to go hiking in Slovakia and sleep in the shadows of old castle ruins someday.
Shelvey – Shows promise, but will he ever fully make the grade. I doubt it.
Mitt Romney believes that America has played a critical role in fostering peace and freedom throughout the world and that it can continue to play this role only if it remains economically and militarily strong. This book examines issues that affect the ability of America to remain strong.
Grand Teton Brewing Co. Workhorse Wheat Ale
Tony Parker has put up staggering numbers averaging nearly 20 points and 10 assists. His numbers aren’t nearly as high as James or Durants, but that’s not what the MVP is. It means most valuable player to ones individual team. James still has Dwayne Wade and Chris Bosh, Durant has Harden and Westbrook, but Parker has an aging Duncan and Ginobli. Sounds like no one is more important to their team than Parker, as they finished the season with the best record in the Western Conference.
There are two important lessons here for Christians that we must always remember: (1) You must devote more energy to your relationship with God than worldly accomplishments, because the reward offered is the only one that will last forever, and (2) Make sure you discipline yourself to make everything count toward your Christianity, otherwise you’ll be disqualified from the race.
Can I ask a favor of y'all? There are so many of you who have left comments over the past couple of weeks that I've wanted to respond to, but many of you haven't had email addresses associated with your accounts, and it just makes it much harder to get back to you! It's really easy to add an email to your account--in blogger, from your dashboard click on "edit profile", and then add an email address to your profile! With so many free options for email, you could even create a separate email just for your blog :)
My Granfather was one of 7 children. Four migrated to Australia and I met and loved them all----and I do keep in touch with some 2nd or 3rd cousins who all live in another State---maybe it's because thay are a little older than be and when I first met them, they were beautiful teenage girls and I was a hormone driven 12 or 13 year old.
AGHHHHH STOP KILLING, No more revenge for this or blowing up for that STOP IT.
This week i actually made it out to Hot Yoga - after what seemed like ages... it was awesome. My wonderful hubby B-rad practically pushed me out the door Tuesday Night... my mom came over that night to help out with Bedtime so i didn't feel so guilty about leaving. Also, more grandma preparation for our trip to see The Wall this month in Edmonton (about 5 hours away) - and also prep for B-rad and i to have a much needed official date night...
I have also kicked up my exercise a bit. I am on 20 minutes and have added some running. Today I ran for half the time!!
I stuck with it to the bitter end though, partly out of morbid curiosity, and partly because of the cast: Sadie LeBlanc plays Lacey’s hairdressing bestie, ‘Stella’ (I’ll admit her hair looks super-cute here), and Sarah Edmondson plays her conspiracy-obsessed lawyer-friend ‘Brooke’… while Lacey’s domineering mother is played by Mary McDonnell, and her younger sister ‘Cherise’ is played by Katharine Isabelle! For the life of me, I couldn’t figure out how old Cherise was supposed to be… I mean, all the female characters behave like high school girls anyway, but Isabelle was in her late twenties at the time, and Lacey keeps treating her like a “kid sister” who needs to be chaperoned at all times! Very strange. Speaking of which, Sarah Strange puts in an appearance as ‘Zoe Manville’, the distraught sister of the victim, and is pretty much the only actress to emerge with a sliver of dignity here.
- Leave to set.
Among dark skins, and there
While we rely on God, we hope you better speed up the completion of all the lead to stop the blood shed Syria by all means and possibilities.
Due to reflection from the glass cases, I was only able to photograph a few of the exhibits. Sorry if they seem a little blurry.
The agency tried to assuage the outrage, promising it was looking for new protocols:
The children are in bed
Going out for some fun this morning...
We’ll happily dare/
If you need one more treat to round off your year, before you hit those New Years resolutions.....let me offer you this.
than i am but i do not
World 7 Defeat the bang-up in the endure alcazar of Apple 5 as Mini Mario
It's hard to believe we have only been doing them since March this year!
I lived in Leeds at the time. Studied, really. I was at university, is more accurate. If I'd been studying I'd have a degree. Leeds, though another part of the grey North was in a different world beer-wise to Manchester. Leeds was a Tetley monopoly, pretty much. Don't get me wrong, I loved their Mild. But a little variation now and again would have been nice.
07/07 - Montreal, QC Bell Centre
There are plenty Synthetic Stuff Sales that you can buy.
We share them with our neighbors, and yes, they are very happy with this arrangement.
I stamped her on bella's bestest paper with black memento ink then first coloured her with copics and then did all my shading with pencils. I don't know why I shaded around her in a soft pink, I don't know what I was thinking, there isn't any pink in the paper???? oh well, I don't think it looks all that bad.
To allure us out of self-occupation
He also took a jibe at Singaporeans asking them to ‘farm’ in North Korea if they can’t compete with foreigners:
SPIRITS DESIRE BIRTH IN RIGHTEOUS FAMILIES. President Brigham Young has this to say about birth control, an abomination practiced by so-called civilized nations, but nations who have forsaken the ways of life:
As always there are a few basic rules to follow:
And laying his finger aside of his nose,
Sorry I fell your paani, but the road is full of potholes. How to drive? (I attempt a change of mood, and sing a cheery song)
Peter Pan first appeared in The Little White Bird. It was published in the United States and then in Britain in 1902. Peter Pan, or The Boy Who Wouldn’t Grow Up, first appeared on stage in 1904. In 1911, Barrie developed the play into a novel, Peter and Wendy. In 1929, Barrie gave the children’s hospital, Great Ormond Street Hospital in London the rights of all the Peter Pan works. The hospital still benefits. Even though Barrie continued to write after his success with Peter Pan, this work eclipsed all of his other works.
Like a guest who doesn't take the hint, winter has been slow in making its departure. Temperatures have barely gotten out of the 40s, except for Sunday when it did an eighty degree spike. I didn't have to go outside to know that; the constant ringing of the resuscitation bell was enough. It started with the car wrecks, then stabbings, and finally the shootings.
First up, DSK’s younger brother Marc-Olivier Strauss-Kahn is more than just ‘a director at Banque de France’. Second, sources close to the Brafman team assert strongly that the maid Nafissatou Diallo seduced him, they had sex – and then she demanded money. The line being taken by these sources is that – as Brafman alluded in his letter to DA Cyrus Vance last week – the lady is not the burkha-wearing innocent painted by her family.
Going by the names on the sides these two appear to be Predator and Bulldozer. I don’t know if they are good trucks or evil trucks. In fact I don’t even know if monster trucks are supposed to be good or evil but I am going to say that they are good trucks because I wouldn’t associate myself with evil monster trucks.
Bruce Feiler author of “The Council of Dads: A Story of Family, Friendship and Learning How to Live”, recently shared an excerpt of his book in The New York Times. Bruce had bone cancer; he also had 3-year-old twins, a working wife, nine months of chemotherapy and 15 hours of reconstructive surgery to deal with. When someone asked his advice on how to handle a mutual friend's brain tumour, he came up with a list of things not to say to someone battling a dire health situation:
We've been here less than 24 hours and it's like a dream world. The flight with the toddler tyrant was long, but good and from the moment we landed there's been some sort of Fairy Godmother following me about.
100g SR flour
Results of the Quiz:
I head back home into the city center, having seen a little bit of everything.
It will be wonderful to wear on the cruise too.
The strange comma things make me think Europeans searched this one. Those twisted quasi-socialist yuppies with their IKEA and their healthcare… The socialist hellhole that they live in is so monotonous and dull, that their turn to incest is almost understandable.
What authors and books are you most thankful for?
down the path of the unseen
As he began to draw, he shared with me that initially he was scared he wouldn't be able to draw like normal. He stated, "I didn't think I could do it anymore, but I think I'm better now than I used to be!" Chills ran through my body as the realization set in that God is the only one who could make this happen.
Mudflaps play New Years Eve party at Pod’s house, put on by his brother D'Erik; hardwood floor is permanently damaged.
I drizzled some Sriracha Sauce on the top for an extra kick. Yum
Wealth earning now assumes Hate
Remove the slicing blade and put on the plastic blade. Break the eggs into the food processor bowl, add the salt and pepper and pulse to mix and beat the eggs. Add the parsley and raw onion to the food processor bowl and pulse to combine. Put back in the big bowl.
2. The first two sentences are a summary of the setting with some fun elements to set the tone. We have to know that the Academy is a school for spies or the rest of the cover copy won’t make sense.
Oh, where to begin!? My sister, Miken, came to visit for the past 5 days and I have not even had a chance to catch my breath, let alone sit down and write about all the amazing things she we have been doing in the city. Of course, when people come to visit, I take them to all of my favorite places (which just happen to be the most amazing restaurants and parks in the city). After a tantalizing meal her first night at Graffiti, I decided to take her to a not-so-famous-in-the-Midwest-but-on-every-New York-corner chain, Pret a Manger, for lunch on Thursday. I essentially only put her through this “trying to be Panera restaurant” because I was at work and only had a few minutes to chow (and because the Panera on 5th Avenue does not open for another month – but they are looking for employees!!). During lunch, I quickly realized that she was making her way through the city quickly. In the few short hours of my Thursday morning, she had walked north through Time Square, visited the Museum of Modern Art and then walked back down 6th Avenue to make her way back to me (saying she was surprised she saw Rockefeller Center and Radio City Music Hall within blocks of where I work is an understatement – and Miken, I forgot to tell you that Lady A performed there this weekend…oops!). She was then going to head east down 42nd Street to Grand Central, inevitably get lost inside, and then north on 5th Avenue so she could pass all of the “tourist shops” (meaning 10 H&M’s, 22 Forever 21’s, 3 Abercrombie’s, 6 American Eagles, and Tiffany’s). Well, perhaps that is an exaggeration on the store counts but that is my perception of 5th Avenue. By the time I saw her again after work, she had walked all the way to Central Park and saw a seal performance at the Central Park Zoo before making her way back to my apartment. Talk about a long first day in New York City. She saw pretty much all of what Midtown had to offer. And it was time to pick her up for Kickball (duh, Thursday)! We walked down to the Lower East Side with no doubt her whole body was going to ache in the morning. But it was a relaxing night, contrast with previous Thursdays. (We lost our game so not many were up to go out but more about that later.) We finally called it a night around 10:00 pm.
She was right. He had been a jerk. And he felt guilty about that. A few years ago he had been on the other side of the fence. A fan...a fan who promised himself that if he ever became a celebrity again; he'd be the nicest celebrity ever. Sign autographs, answer every fan letter, visit every sick child in the hospital, etc. All the stuff that Cassandra did.
Starting right away, Android users in Korea can explore the many thousands of popular game titles available in Android Market and download them onto their devices. For paid games, purchasing is fast and convenient through direct carrier billing, which lets users in Korea easily charge their purchases to their monthly mobile operator bills.
I decided to step outside of my comfort zone this week and create a clean and simple design. I'm not comfortable with my CAS cards but this one has a certain country charm I am liking. I used Layers Of Color Garden Borders Clear Art Stamp Set which I stamped in my Kaleidacolor Autumn Leaves Spectrum pad onto white card stock, and then sponged with THoltz Scattered Straw Distress Ink. I mounted that onto an EK Success Punched edge. The sentiment is Our Daily Bread designs Give Thanks. I stamped that on a scrap of So Saffron and cut with my Mega Oval Spellbinders, matted with a scalloped mega oval cut from Papertrey Dark Chocolate. The designer paper is K&Co, and the base is SU! Kraft. I added a few strands of raffia and sewed a button onto the bow. Quick, easy but gets the job done! LOL!
Not how I want someone to feel towards me.
Izzy, composed and ready, steps to the line. If she scores, it is done. Izzy takes the necessary steps and ends it with a powerful kick. It finds the net.
How can it continue to operate, one might ask, despite its complete perversion of Scientology and its mistreatment of staff and public?
NABC Bank Street Brewhouse event; at BSB itself, intended to replace the previous Strassenfest concept. This well could be an Indiana brewery showcase.
We've been running news and covers of Commando, the UK's longest running pocket war comic as it celebrates it's 50th birthday. The actual date of the first ever appearance of Commando was the 27th July 1961, when Walk or Die and They Called Him Coward first appeared with covers by Ken Barr, signalling a new and more much US Pulp styled approach top pocket library covers.
The UN Humanitarian Coordinator for Somalia, Mark Bowden, voiced similar concern that the country could “easily slip back into very severe conditions,” unless the current levels of assistance and support are maintained.
in the Tybee Island Lighthouse
The New Testament imagery is, perhaps, equally about sacrifice except that in the New Testament sacrifice is defined not as dead animal sacrifice but as living human sacrifice. I got to thinking that perhaps the reason why the Old Testament people killed the animals before offering them on the fiery altar is this: Dead animals could not crawl off the altar once the heat was applied. But God makes demands of us: Offer your bodies as living sacrifices. This means that we must, and have to, make a conscious decision to offer everything to Christ as an offering. Gareth Reese wrote it this way: “The idea would be that the Christian’s sacrifice was to be constant; there was to be a dedication about his life-style, with all his living energies and powers directed consciously to God’s service..”—500-501
The last time before A MONSTER CALLS, I mean.
Unlike a lot of birds that flit around and get your attention, vireos tend to sit motionless high up in trees calling loudly but frustratingly difficult to spot. We were pretty lucky then getting such good looks first at a Plumbeous Vireo,
But Lordy, it was still ringing!
Dean is now asking if I am ok, should he come to meet me? Do I mean I am at the dinosaur tracks on Rt 5?….
I've never been to Budapest before. I have to say something about the hungarian language ~ it is remarkable. At times it sounds Finnish or Italian but also has some passing resemblance syntactically to Japanese. It's a very old living language and I thought it amazing to listen to. I was lucky enough to have three days in Budapest and my publisher there was determined I should make the most of it. They spoiled me rotten with both events and much personal touring. I got to see a great deal of the city and have a Turkish bath!
Grandma and I went to the post office to mail a book. I don't know why she took the book to the post office. I take my books back to the libary.. I think Grandma got confused.
3. It picks up less ink to color evenly. See the example. Less ink means lighter colors, less ink also means your marker lasts longer without needing to be refilled.
It's possible we just didn't get it in front of the right eyes, or it's priced wrong for its ideal customer and we can't reduce it because then we'd be taking a bath. Or it's the wrong season, or we are ahead of our time (I prefer that one), or really, it's just not what people want.
27. Go to ballet performance
I then thought I could tape the pieces of my JP Ryan strapless stays pattern together along the seam lines to get a complete shape for stays, and then divide the finished shape into two, to get a front and back. But the problem there was that the only size I have in the JP Ryan pattern is a size 10 and I have. . .ahem. . .grown some since when I first got this pattern. And the neckline shapes weren't right and I didn't know if the pattern would fit lengthwise anyway, even though I could alter the width if I had to.
Parents and teachers of Public School 29 on Henry Street have become increasingly concerned about a major construction project which started on the building in March.
i've been working on a line of dinnerware that i'm really excited about, some new spirit house sculptures, new tiles, and i'm working on some new jewelry pieces. my mind is moving at lightning speed in so many different directions right now, but it feels good to be excited about working. i'm getting geared up for the annual larkspur party show, which is the first weekend in june in raleigh. it's always a fun show for me--lots of great friends and a very dedicated group of customers...i'm really looking forward to it. if you want more information, check out the website: www.larkspurparty.com
The Bike and Roll kiosk will be at Grand Army Plaza (located across from the entrance to Brooklyn Public Library on Eastern Parkway) Fridays-Sundays through September 26, 2010. For more information, visit www.bikeandroll.com.
Motto: What's your motto when in France? How do you minimize the hardships of life abroad?
For those of you who wonder, the AACE recommends testing after meals and keeping blood sugars under 140 mg/dl at 2 hours. The data emerging from heart disease research suggests keeping blood sugars under 155 mg/dl (8.6 mmol/L) at one hour, and my recommendations based on that and many other research studies is to keep them under 140 mg/dl (7.7 mmol/L) at one hour, if possible.
Had they been boxers, he would never have been allowed in the ring against her. Yeardley and her murderer would have belonged to two entirely different weight classes, and officials would have not permitted a bout between them.
STO: I see Zack recently gained a drum endorsement from Po' Boy drums. How did that come about and what exactly does it involve? Is there any chance of other members of Grayceon getting instrument endorsements?
Which brings us back to iPads and eyepads.
The aesthetic: how specifically Chinese is it? How international? Those small ornate regular marks may be a version of calligraphy, a display of patience, an ornamental system or a kind of poetry. How thorough! How big! How meticulous! An art of candied brilliance. Qiang gives us two handsome catalogues as we leave, studies of his work. I see that Kaiyu has written one of the essays.
Nobody.... loves... no gain.
3/4 cup sorghum flour
JT - But we’ve had examples…
Just as He asked Peter, Jesus asks each of us, “Who do you say that I am?”
No reasons were given for not being confirmed. I do not want to pursue legal action… only to get another job as soon as possible.
Before...adding the trim work progress:
If I'm dreaming don't wanna laugh
It is very shocking and scary to see people go through this much trouble for not even committing a crime. The government needs to have sufficient evidence and reasonable grounds to detain an individual and put him on a no-fly list. I think after the 9/11 attacks, majority of the people, including the government officials have a notion that all Muslim people are terrorist. This notion is very untrue because majority of the people who may be detained for long periods of time and/or are placed on no fly-lists may not even have anything to do with any terrorist activities or groups. Government officials such as CSIS, RCMP and others need to conduct a sufficient background check and provide sufficient evidence to place individuals on no fly-lists otherwise the relationship between the government and the public will have a very weak connection.
EasyA is not a very good movie. Its corny, not that funny, and actually pretty stupid. The acting is TERRIBLE!!! Emma Stone is alright, Amanda Bynes was good, but Alyson Michalka (the blonde hottie from Hell Cats) is the WORST!!! She has no acting skills in this movie and it is just pathetic if you ask me.
This pair of interviews with Kate Bolick was published last fall, after her Atlantic cover story. I could relate to some of the things she mentioned in the email exchanges and wanted to post some of the interesting highlights here:
Cool completely before stroring. The cookies can be kept for months, the flavor will improve with age.
Wow. So I passed. Almost a year later, it reared its head again. “It” being network marketing. Earning money by helping people get what they want and need! This time I bit. Why? PLATFORM.
They loved it!
Lest you think otherwise I have a very good dentist. She is incredibly patient and kind to my children, and puts up with my dentist anxiety. I am truly thankful for the care she provides, but I don't think I will ever enjoy going to the dentist.
small, portable, hand made projects......
a stitched angel that I will share on my red blog ...
Our two groups can equitably divide up the country by landmass each taking a similar portion. That will be the difficult part, but I am sure our two sides can come to a friendly agreement. After that, it should be relatively easy! Our respective representatives can effortlessly divide other assets since both sides have such distinct and disparate tastes.
Grade for the week: D-
Sheikh Yousuf Al-Qaradhawi: “I’m telling you, it’s a complex – a complex that has been passed down since ancient times, ever since Islam vanquished them. It is a complex that calls for psychological analysts. That is why they keep inventing something new.
It erases the tragedy I’ve seen.
1. My full gas tank. Bizarrely enough, maybe a couple weeks before the tornadoes hit, I had decided, because of rising gas prices, never to let my tank get below a half tank of gas. Usually I'm a "ride it until it starts sputtering" kind of girl. I have to say, the very most comforting thing about hanging around in a disaster area (we did hang around for 3 days with no power) is that I COULD leave if I wanted, at any time. Now, what started as a way to save a few dollars has become one of my essential emergency preparedness routines: never ever let either of our cars get below a half tank of gas. That way, if the crap hits the fan (again), we could always siphon Dave's tank into mine and have that same comforting full tank every time.
as i looked at it this morning, i thought i might try to silver leaf it.
the frantic moth that got in here
took into “protective custody” several thousand Communist officials and many Social Democrats and liberals. These prisoners, often snatched from their homes and off the streets, were loaded onto trucks and carried off to SA barracks and hastily set up prisons where many of them
Butchers in high heels?!
3. Whiskey And Gin (Livin' Blues) 2:03
Human Nature : Machine Ecology By Ian Bailey
Although the media releases, self-congratulatory press conference, and general atmosphere of trebles all round suggested that, in terms of lender haircuts, this is a done deal, it isn’t. Not a single bank has as yet signed a single piece of paper. The lenders are to be given 4 (that’s four, count them) options as to how they participate. These debt swaps and rollovers come in 15-30 year packages at lower rates than currently, some of which also vary between options. There is thus no way of knowing in advance how big the ‘haircut’ will be. There are these four ways to contribute because as well as being unable to offer the Troika any real relief, they squabbled amongst themselves – and eventually ran out of time. (Free-market capitalism, you see, is all about giving the customer choice).
The almost Dr. Seussian world of inflatable immigrant-detention camps, as explored by The New York Times, is perhaps evidence of this sovereign clumsiness.
Hugs and blessings
#96: Met new people. I’ve been hanging with salsa people lately, and have become good friends with one in particular. Before this new year’s resolution, I think I’d decline his invitation to a party at which I would know only one person, but I went without a second thought. The night resulted in a Captain Crunch explosion and a Brian Setzer Orchestra dance party. Love it!
You might regard a certain way the graceful way to reuniting after a break up is to call your ex up and beg for their return to you. Listen, this is not the graceful way to go! You think that the natural thing is to lock yourself in your home and cry you eyes out until you’ve run out of tears. That is not the answer!
“Maybe that eez true, but I do not need you either. I’d rather sell my soul than let you have your way weeth me.” She squirmed and fought to break his embrace.
Level 10: Recovers 100 HP and 30 MP every 4 seconds.
Thrown off in helping to prolong
9.) Boobsalinda
Perhaps the greatest achievement of Boudu Saved From Drowning is that Renoir dares to suggest that even a resolutely lower-class tramp like Boudu has a certain amount of dignity; all those critics who go out of their way to praise films like Precious that turn poverty into some kind of undignified horror show—could probably stand to rewatch this masterpiece as a refresher.
Given the choice, what would you do?
Jesus explains to his disciples that the reason why they will be able to do greater works than he himself did while on earth is because he is returning to the Father in heaven. Jesus’ point is that once he is there the disciples will ask him in his name to do such works and Christ will answer them, meaning that he will empower them to perform similar deeds to the ones Christ performed.
5. The Love of My Man
The Food Plan
During the holiday season of extras (extra activities, extra needs, extra things to accomplish) this feeling often escalates to the point of "stress". And, be it home or homeschool, something suffers.
hu aapish tamne
I miss him every day, but especially today. I love you Dad!
Shattered was the "punk club," a nasty little dive in a drippy little basement. (After one sweaty, condensation-filled night, looking at the cigarette butts, beer, and general scooge all over the floor, I observed that it was "the dance floor that made its own gravy.") People in black, only black. Maybe white to be ironic.
“That’s your Pulling Coat,” she replied with a grin.
Yes, I didn't include contact info in my profile because I figured if people had something to say, they could say it in the Comments Section.
And the fans have seen too much this season to take our position or form as given – through the carnage of those first few weeks and the injury-blighted New Year slump. After the trauma in late summer I feel we’ve emerged with a more realistic understanding of how this league works, and a less neurotic character.
Rescued an old friend from Newport this weekend in efforts to keep up my surfing this summer. As I was pulling her out of my father's garage, I was talking myself into how awesome she'd look in my room--part of the decor, you know? There are so many pics of interiors with surfboards as art or a statement piece. Why wouldn't mine look badass amongst my Hollywood Regency/Nior/ish room???
Her internal count reached six as she shifted her weight against Jashi, letting the resistance of the air they fell into turn them head downwards. Already, she reached out towards the hollow tower in the old city, tying it through her brain to the ground beneath them. The Gateway began to snap into place, but she held back, balancing her Gift against First-Realm logic until she was sure she had the spot exactly beneath them.
New York, New York USA
There comes a time in every person’s life when they must decide what kind of life they’re going to lead. Am I going to follow the safe path; the one of which is expected of me? Am I going to do the things that have been laid out neatly in front of me, or am I going to create the opportunities from which to choose? The decision between the two may very well set the tone for the rest of your life; it signifies what kind of person you are. Are you the type that goes after what they want, or are you the type who merely does the minimum; who does whatever it takes to “get by”? One option is clearly more fulfilling than the other and yet there are millions of people out there who go through life doing what is expected of them instead of what they want. Why? We all say that life is short, that you don’t get a second chance and yet we all succomb to these generalized expectations that are laid out by who? By other people who are just as submissive to the “easy route” as the rest of us? There are so many people out there who are living lives that they never wanted for themselves; people that made a conscious decision at one point or another that there dreams weren’t important enough. As difficult as it may seem, it is completely possible to make the opposite decision. We can decide to live freely. We can decide to live without fear. We can decide that the things we want are worth it. All we have to do is let go of the stigma that our dreams aren’t realistic, that they aren’t good enough, that they aren’t important.
Grace. It’s a term that’s much easier to understand than experience. Actually, I’m not sure we understand it very well, either.
I still haven't decided if it is finished yet. I really wanted to figure out a way to drill holes in it, for mason jars! I thought it would be a great craft storage table. I have yet to figure out a goo way to do that, since mason jars are bigger on bottom than on the top, they would just fall right through!
build your future.
This is always the most exciting part... probably because it's instant results (unlike primer/painting/poly-ing). I just grabbed a square of rough sandpaper and went to work along all the edges and corners.
The old man said, “I thought it was GAS – but I was wrong, too!”
Remember that New Years resolution you had to get in shape? This might be exactly what you need to make that goal happen! So check it out and join the 300,000 people who are already committed to taking on the challenge this year. I just might!
He said that this would be necessary to create “financial stability” within the EU. “The economic crisis is worse than anyone imagined and increased economic inter-dependence demands a more determined response and makes the case for stronger economic governance in the EU,” Mr Barroso said.
Yep the countdown is on... every shop we go in we gravitate to the kiddie section lol... and I am lovin it lol!!!
You do nothing to make it so
3/5 ounces bittersweet chocolate (or whatever type of chocolate makes you happy, just use high quality), finely chopped
Each town is blessed with its own brewery - Lambertville has the award-winning River Horse; New Hope has one of the popular Triumph Brewing locations. Both will be featured at one of the festival’s premiere events: the Sunday chili cook-off. Eleven eateries are competing this year, and ticket holders get to cast a vote for the People’s Choice Award. If chili is too hot to handle, head over to Triumph the previous day for the Rotary’s hot roast beef sandwiches, accompanied by brews and live music. Better yet, do both!
the previously unacceptable has been replaced-
But Hampe said his group was behaving under the watchful eye of a course ranger and had every right to be there. He said they were neither drunk nor driving recklessly.
As Fionn cooked it, he burned his thumb, stuck it in his mouth, and so tasted the salmon's flesh first, and gained all its wisdom, including the ability to understand birds and animals – just as Siegfried, in Norse legend, cooked the dragon's heart for his master, burned his thumb, stuck it in his mouth, and understood what the birds in the tree overhead were saying...
and stretch your arms out so the bone is straight and the skin is taut
Accessories: Glad Tidings Adhesive Chipboard (K&Co), rhinestones, adhesive pearls and swirls, ribbon, buttons, flowers & berries (floral stash), liquid pearls, markers - real red & always artichoke (SU).
Marriage is SACRED in “The Descendants.” To be unfaithful is a terrible, terrible thing. (The teenage daughter gets this in a big way, too.) However, one might argue that “love” is treated as something more to do with feelings. For example, it’s very important to the characters if someone REALLY “loves” someone else (whether or not they’re having a fling with them). But love and marriage are more than these deep-seated, je ne sais quoi feelings. What if one REALLY, REALLY “loved” MORE than one person? Should marriage then be “open”? What about polyamory? Polygamy? And yet, since we—particularly in the West—have adopted the “romantic love” version of marriage for centuries now, the question of choosing one person based on attraction/admiration and how that plays out is a very legitimate concern. Thornton Wilder’s play “Our Town,” and BJP2G’s “Love and Responsibility” comes in very handy here!
ABC Poison arrow UK
Anyway, I thought I'd show you this beautiful book I was lucky enough to win in a recent giveaway from the lovely blog My Little Birdie.
We were wounded and shaken. Yet, what shook me the most was the knowledge that I had left the door unlocked. I put my kids in jeopardy. I was the reason they'd forever have that memory.
There were other signs. I should have known.
… While Stern says the NBA “would love to add a year,” he’s pleased that the age limit, instituted in 2005, has kept NBA scouts out of high school gyms.
The custom web application development services are popular among companies dealing with different types of businesses. Information technology companies, manufacturing companies, traders, suppliers, customer services are to name a few that can use these services. The applications can include performance tracking system, e-commerce, database management, content management and tools and much more. These are the equipments required by all sorts of industries or institutions. Using these systems a business owner can manage the information or work processes in an efficient and effective manner. A person can use these tools to handle the task at hand in a smart manner. They increase the productivity of an individual and meet the industrial standards. A marketer can concentrate on the quality of the productivity. You can convert your ideas into a reality by putting them into practice with the help of these computer programs. It helps you solve many of your practical problems that you face in the course of daily activities.
So…I don’t know what else to say except what I’ve already said. Don’t kill yourself. Get help if you’re thinking about it. Try to get anyone you know who’s thinking about it to get the help they need. And for the love of God, be nice to people. There’s enough negativity in the world as it is—no need to make it any worse by being mean. As I’m sure many of the friends and family of the young people I read about in those obituaries will tell you, you really never know what’s going through someone’s mind.
I turn to run,
Then ANOTHER tech came in the room and that freaked me out (calling in reinforcements! because there is an emergency! I'm just the last to know!). Then the second tech explained that her shift was up but she'd wanted to get me started, and this tech was going to finish up. We were halfway through the 30 minute limit at this point. Nothing was wrong, but my imaginary emergency narrative had gotten me started crying again, though, so the second tech got me some kleenex before she left. I was a hot mess.
6. I read voraciously, pretty much anything I can get my hands on, but mostly graphic novels and fiction (lit, sf, horror). My favourite authors are Dan Simmons, Robert A. Heinlein, Ray Bradbury, Stephen King, Lawrence Block and Chuck Palahniuk. I also am not afraid to admit I read trashy magazines in the checkout line!
Rose Red CS for the layer which was a RAK from B.....
Sorry I've been the worst blogger of the year this week - I've had a busy work week + a sick day due to exhaustion combined with everlasting cold + now I'm off to T.O. for two days for work... so, I'll be back on Wednesday!
The day was well underway by the time I rolled out of bed at the crack of afternoon. Dogs restless, eyes bleary, nightgown twisted--I'm hung over from too much sleep. Fall is such a sleepy time of year, but it didn't hit me until today. The quality of the light changes, becoming more golden and somnolent.
"Pink is my favorite color.
Aaaaaaand we're done! Almost. Next comes the fun part... making it pretty.
'I can go either way?' as in, "Hey, wanna go to the movies tonight?" "Oh, I don't know, I could go either way." Or "Hey, how do you feel about Mexican or Chinese for dinner?" "Hm...could go either way." NOT "I really like you and want to work this out," "Well, I could go either way."
Today's post is a baby card that I made using the Wild About You stamp set. I love this stamp set and enjoy using it from time to time. Hope you like it.
B: … he will say thank you.
A historical romance, dealing with shell-shocked/PTSD-suffering WWI veterans, class differences and homophobe behaviour in an organic manner. Carefully researched, mostly very realistically written and with characters who do have a journey.
I look down at my ankles to see my feet surrounded by tiny shoes.
857. Salad and Curry Chicken Salad (inedible, yuck) from Wegman’s (Collegeville, PA)
“Forget it,” she said. “Go back to daydreaming about bloody Rachel, I normally manage to get out of the way of idiots like you. Just my unlucky day, I suppose.”
as in a dance to the great wedding,
It was, I hear, a smashing success. It was loosely "Harry Potter" themed, so I put my extremely creatively challenged mind to the task of making up a few games. Um...let's see...oh, we made "butterbeer" with fizzy water and butterscotch syrup (mine came from a special bottle with a pressurized cork, because, well, I didn't want to drink all THEIR awesomeness). We made "potions" with Kool-Aid, and "cauldron cakes" with cupcakes AND whipped cream AND frosting AND sprinkles, and "magic wands" (pretzels dipped in chocolate).
So what does this mean for men?
I follow his blog and I found this post particularly worthwhile to writers everywhere, and it wasn’t just because of the Everest simile…though that was the sealer for me.
I think I might start posting more deletions. Could make a whole new book out of them...
Rex Reed, THE NEW YORK OBSERVER
For me, it practically took a brick upside of my head for me to snap out of a life of distractions...only caring about what our lives looked like on the surface, because that's the only place I knew of...that's the place I was raised. I had to work hard and heal and forgive and empty out and build back up again in order to excavate the Truth of not only Who I Was, but Who I Wanted to Be.
With my oldest preparing to leave for college in the fall, I find myself thinking back to those “snuggle time” days a lot lately. I can still feel their heads lean against me, the sound of sippy cups as I read, their chubby toddler hands resting on my arm, and I am so, so grateful that I took the time to do that when they were young. I did it for them—because as a teacher, I knew how important it was for them to grow up with books being an everyday part of life. I also knew, that when children sit on your lap to read books, they associate reading with something pleasant/positive and that feeling is something they carry in their cells right into adulthood. Besides, books are fun, aren't they?!
Rating: 5 out of 5 boxes
“It was just lucky there was one seat spare – that was where it hit and pushed the side of the aircraft in.
Pamila Lorentz MSW, RN, LMBT, an ordained peace minister of The Beloved Community and Sound Healing Therapist, will facilitate a three hour advent workshop inspired by Isaiah 43:1 “I have called You by Name…You are mine” . This workshop will guide you in learning sound healing techniques to respond to God’s call to each of us, for the preparation and re-birthing of the Christ Consciousness within.
That election in 1925 was fierce. First, Smith had to dispense of Hylan in the Democratic primary -- and in the halls of Tammany. The two split the storied political machine, but eventually Walker won out. Next, he faced the Republican-Fusion candidate Frank Waterman in the general election, who cried of potential Tammany corruption to the new subway system if Walker were elected. (Waterman would, of course, be right.) Beau James, however, went unabated. He ran as a people's mayor, somebody who enjoys and the same pleasures as those voting for him:
He’s distant.
Lennie and George share the dream of many migrant workers: that of owning and working their own land. Lennie's favorite part of the dream is the tantalizing hope of raising soft, furry, cuddly rabbits. The men hope to achieve the dream together by combining and saving their monthly wages, but Lennie's tendency toward catastrophe has made steady employment difficult.
only then can he truly see past his illusion that he is found…..
I was ready to help – but something stopped me
For those of you who have been studying shadows on my blog, you can note that the outhouse is basically a cube. The light is coming from the left, and casting a shadow to the right. The foliage closest to the base of the outhouse on the shadow side is the darkest, and the shadows get really deep with the BG99. On areas where the vines creep in front of the shadows, you can see that I used YG41 as my base, but for shadow areas, I used G21/24 for the lightest area on those leaves. Also notice, under the tin roof, I added the deepest shadows right under the ridgeline.
10/31/2011 SELL 0.01 cadjpy 78.813 10/31/2011 78.280 +6.84
“You battle back as hard as we did to tie the game,” laments Rangers coach John Tortorella, “you can’t take four minutes in penalties. You’re not going to win a hockey game that way.”
One of my daughters, who attends the University of British Columbia, in Vancouver, is organizing an event to help raise funds for future field trips for the environmental engineering program. I offered to help out, by donating a prize. Since the event is taking place near Valentines day, I decided to go with a bit of romantic heart theme, and created this necklace, which is actually two necklaces in one! This is a long style necklace, created with a mix of vintage and new chains, an assortment of wonderfully textured brass beads from days gone by, and genuine Swarovski crystals. The large heart pendant is awesome!
Send Save Now Discard
It's here, in the basic premise, that GotY makes its first and gravest misstep for me. Here, in literally the first minute or two of the movie, the idea of a big budget, televised reality show in the vein of Survivor or The Amazing Race centered around D&D is a huge blow to the realistic atmosphere that the filmmakers spend the entire rest of the production laboring, largely with great success, to achieve. Maybe if reality television existed in the D&D fad days of the early 1980s, sure. But in the 21st century? I swallowed the conceit and pressed on, but it went down hard indeed.
Our daily verse indicates a timeless principle: pride deceives. This ancient people indeed had some distinct military advantages due to the seeming invincibility of their geographical position, which indeed was amazing. The cities of Edom were cut right into the face of the cliffs providing imposing natural defenses, which gave their inhabitants a sense of invulnerability.
My birthday is coming up...on September 11th. Yep. My brother was born on December 7th. Yep. If this keeps up, there will be a disaster on all of my siblings' birthdays.
Suddenly.
17. Bunnies (Auntie Cheryl has two of them)
This is where it really gets interesting. There are many ways you can leverage press coverage. First, write a press release. RESOLVE will help you by providing a boilerplate, “swiss cheese” format release. (See template release) All you need to do is fill in the blanks. But also feel free to write a custom version.
Of an attitude’s shape,
As tempting as it will be to go for a long run during the hurricane (well, tempting for some of you - yes, you know who you are), take a second to consider the tree limbs that will be hurtling in your likely direction.
Peanut Butter Banana Toast is one of my go-to favorite breakfast meals. Not quite the healthiest, but oh well. It's yummy so I don't care!
The scrutinization of Newt has been unprecedented for the past two weeks, with a barrage of negative ads from other candidates and super-PACs. So if the voters are paying attention, you would expect his chances for winning the nomination to be dropping precipitously, and you would be right.
ROM 1:32 Who knowing the judgment of God, that they which commit such things are worthy of death, not only do the same, but have pleasure in them that do them.
What if what you know isn't particularly interesting to most of America? What if what you know consists primarily of lawnmowers, barbecue grilling and cleaning M&M's out of a DVD player? Or driving to work, taking the wife to dinner once a week, and cleaning crayon marks off the bathroom wall? Who the heck is crazy and bored enough to read about that? Okay, maybe my mom, but that ain't gonna get me no flippin' castle.
So the next best thing is to go for someone that has shown he can cope in what is perceived as a big job.
Free Food for Millionaires has been on my to-read list for a couple of years. Deeply immersive, it follows Casey Han, daughter of Korean immigrants, as she struggles to find her place in America. Casey wants desperately to be rich -- or possibly, she just wants to be everything her parents are not. Whatever one's nationality or upbringing, it is a common thing among those in their twenties to struggle for identity. If I could tell Casey -- and every other twenty-something in the world -- something right now, it would be: Let it go. Stop fighting and enjoy each day. With time comes some sort of wisdom and grace, so allow time to flow. And for heaven's sake, follow your heart. You'll wish you did later on.
And the imagination excites
According to Duke, the results of the study "...astonished the researchers."
There’s a very particular structure to comics stories where superheroes meet for the first time, and The Avengers adheres to this with admirable fidelity, for the most part. First of all you get the sequences introducing everyone individually and demonstrating what their schtick is, and these are present (mostly). Then, before battle is joined with the actual villain, there is the inevitable misunderstanding and/or clash of egos resulting in the good guys knocking seven bells out of each other at great length. This sort of thing fuels the perpetual ‘Who would win in a fight between…’ debates comic fans love, and The Avengers goes for this with great enthusiasm. The initial barney between Thor and Iron Man is jolly enough, but I was particularly delighted later one when the story finds time for a proper scrap between Thor and the Hulk. Once this is out of the way it’s time for some regrouping and laying in of plot ahead of the final battle.
3rd CFL-2 Fisher Grant
A warrior must be decisive in his actions and not hesitate to maim or even kill his enemy.
Artfully displayed atop a recycled denim and bamboo serving table, everything appears as decadent as a sugar junkie could hope for. There, behind the luscious mixed berry scones and squat blueberry corn muffins, stacked between the oatmeal raisin and reverse chocolate chip cookies, is the quintessential afternoon snack: the chocolate chip cookie ($2).
In a speech to teenagers in Cardiff, the Archbishop, 61, warned of a ‘pendulum swinging back’.
Sloppy Joes - use new tomato sauce I made this weekend! (Hopefully a post about that to come soon.)
Argan Oil from North Africa, Argan Oil helps restore strength to the hair and protects it from external aggressors.
Has he got one of those hidden folders on your laptop, you know the secret short cut, the loaded file.
However, some people have more developed skills than others. Some are more limited and they can only nod while they fidget with their protuberance (um, still talking about their phone here), this is fine, because the person opposite them thinks they are listening to them, but others can even nod AND answer back while their fingers type these tiny keys on it.
To follow in their train.
d) “Does he have to do an act pleasing to God and if so, is this is a meritorious act? (Yep!)”
Before going into this weekend and right after making this list, I realized that I need to recalibrate my tarnished, dented, and erratically spinning moral compass. Then I went to the NYC brewfest. And I came home without a bra. With no recollection where it went.
A while ago I was riding my bike in the Hague and I rested at the Maliefield, near the city centre of the royal place. While I was enjoying the sun, I look around and there were a lot of trees behind me. I was thinking “Great, the city of the Hague is making an effort to let nature be a part of the town”, but as I watched the trees very closely and especially the arrangement of the trees I got disappointed.
This is a suitably chilling and atmospheric version of the famous tale, from the pen of Jane ( Kick-Ass, X-Men: First Class ) Goldman, and directed by James ( Eden Lake ) Watkins. Every creepy trick in the book is wheeled out to make the viewer uneasy as we follow flickering candles down darkened corridors, hear unearthly cries in the fog, and jump out of our seats as faces appear reflected in windows or glimpsed through a zoetrope. The gloomy, Gothic feel of the movie is reflected in the detailed production design: the jumbled, Edwardian mess of Eel Marsh House and the rain-lashed, grimy cottages and pub of Crythin Gifford. The Woman herself is a blurry, shadowy figure, often lurking at the edge of the frame, watching and waiting.
You really do not seem to be getting the message…
I silenced the guffaws with a loud grunt. A gorilla does not appreciate having his compliments mutilated by a heckler.
Dickie's institutional theory can be assessed from the definition in Aesthetics: An Introduction: "A work of art in the classificatory sense is 1) an artifact 2) upon which some person or persons acting on behalf of a certain social institution (the artworld) has conferred the status of candidate for appreciation." On the contrary, what makes something art is the intention of producing art through artifice and technique successfully realised.
Morton's Nature Seasoning
of the sorrow of being thus draws inspiration from Reza Negarestani’s critique of affordance (as illusory and restricted from of openness) and hopes, through this special form of the ‘folly of the impossible’, to extend its work of unbinding: “only by rigorously embracing this folly can we develop a genuine non-restricted dialectical synthesis with the universal absolute and unbind a world whose frontiers are driven by the will of the open and whose depths are absolutely free” (Reza Negarestani, “Globe of Revolution: An Afterthought on Geophilosophical Realism”).
In early 2000, Nick appointed me as the Lewisham and Bromley Organiser and several weeks later I was issued with my membership card. By the end of the year we had 80 members in Lewisham, and an additional 40 in Bromley! I then spearheaded the parliamentary election campaign in Lewisham East where the BNP candidate attained 1005 votes which was an unprecedented result for south east London. And that was the start of patriots coming from across the country to assist in election campaigns. What is more important is that at that stage, the whole design of leaflets changed. I made sure that the wordiness went and the visuals came in.
4 cups low sodium chicken broth
First I drift with the tide, then pull for the shore.
Olive oil and seasoning
Now, you may wonder, "Why a cooking reference tool with curse words?" I say, "Why the fuck not?" The world is filled with pointless, uncomical things, like Carrot Top or the Teletubbies. Why not create something that is funny, totally original, useful, and trashier than Rachel Ray or Jamie Oliver?
I would want to give some to my church; however, I am not sure how much. I would probably want to help out some of my family members but I am not sure how much.
-Armenia
Though the past few days have boasted cool spring temperatures, the sunshine and breeze have beckoned me outdoors just the same. Every time I walk, something that I have failed to notice hundreds of times before stands out. I should be accustomed to these little interludes with my neighborhood environment. Still, these phenomena never fail to inspire me.
This song is played as an anti-work song, even played, I understand as a taunt by conservative pundits against unions and others they consider to be lazy. But the song is not celebrating sloth. Look at the third line. Not only does he not want to work, he does not want to play either! He only wants to practice his art, which happens to be playing the drum.
Confusion
I was a voracious reader when I was younger. I remember loving Maurice Sendak books when I was very young, and when I was older I read lots of the Point Horror and choose your own adventure stories. I remember reading Pratchett's Reaper Man when I was fourteen and just being blown away by it.
In a new book, When Will the Lights Go Out, published this month, Mr Birkett claims things will only get worse. He said the “lavish incentives” being offered to developers of green energy are being passed on to customers as the UK struggles to meet EU directives on carbon emissions.
phonecalls
this morning, I measure the extent of this country's economic and
() before coupon = multiple of same coupon
For my money he needs to get tougher. He needs to race more. Needs to take his lumps. Needs to get hungry. He needs to race Bolt and Gay in order to get better. Competing against Mike Rodgers, Keston Bledman, Trell Kimmons and Mario Forsythe isn’t going to get it done. Three and five meter wins against these guys won’t prepare you for the “whoosh” of Usain Bolt or Tyson Gay at the 60 meter mark.
Quite a scathing attack and being a member of Camra I was quite shocked to read such comments. Firstly, it shouldn't really have been a shock that Mr Watt made such comments as he seems to have history in regards to offending people and I'm willing to bet this petulant outburst is directly related to Camra cancelling BrewDog's stall at this years Great British Beer Festival for failure to pay on time. Secondly any Camra beer festival I've been to has plenty beers outwith the alcohol percentage that he is quoting, this year at Paisley Beer Festival there were 17 Scottish beers from cask that had a higher abv than 4.5% and a total of 33 English beers in cask above 4.5%. In the UK alone there are more than 2500 real ales available from more than 500 breweries with styles such as Porters, Stouts, Golden Ales, Old Ale as well as the aforementioned Milds and Bitters. Hardly a narrow spectrum is it?
Today I tried making Calla lilies with punches.I had seen them on the net but had no clue how to make it.But today while playing with my punches I made them and was really happy the way they turned out.And yes I am becoming WHITOHOLIC.When I think of making a card,the cardstock that comes to my mind is WHITE,WHITE and more WHITE.I think I am in love with it.This card I have made for my mother for women's day.She is the most perfect woman I have ever met or seen.She is my definition for a perfect women.I Admire,Adore,Love,Cherish,And all other adjectives I can think of (GOOD ONES).
Siblings: She had one litter mate that died when they were around 4 months old.
0:05: Seriously, I don’t think your URL should be like 40 letters. It may not be good SEO.
When concluding his brilliant book, Schoemaker asserts, “The key question companies need to address is not ‘Should we make mistakes?’ but rather ‘Which mistakes should we make in order to test our deeply held assumptions?’”
I don't have any polls or statistical details on polygamy in Malaysia but I believe it is not a rare practice here. Often we heard of wives and children being abandon by husbands who have taken on a new wife.On the flip side we also have heard of happy and successful polygamy household.
When I have been arrogant, I always had excellent rationalizations for being arrogant. “I am only being an arrogant, self-righteous jerk because of the following excellent justifications. I’d like to tell you about them now and I’d like to be very loud as I do so. Are you ready? No? Well, that is your problem, not mine. Here I go….”
Even on vacation, genres interest me, whether they be genres of food, of music, or of fiction.
Which team do I need to be on? Wingnutz! I LOVED this booth.
Over the weekend, I stopped at a local store and purchased a few dozen roses. I tried making the rounds to share them with my sisters and mother. While at my folks’ house, I ended up helping with some chores, and received a request to update a genealogical chart I’d made when I was … maybe 12? I remember making it, but didn’t have too many of the details solidified in my head. I was looking at some of the details when my father spotted the date of his own mother’s death. He’d tried to block out most of those memories. His mother died an excruciatingly painful death. Yesterday, Dad started re-living some of the emotions and experiencing things he’d not thought of nor felt in many years. He cussed out the stroke for making him get all choked up. I gave him a few hugs. My brother-in-law got all choked up.
Forgiveness is the mental, emotional and/or spiritual process of ceasing to feel resentment, indignation or anger against another person for a perceived offense, difference or mistake, or ceasing to demand punishment or restitution
Last week at work we had a chili cook off and Rib contest in our department. Entries were limited to one per team, so it truly was a best of the best for bragging rights.
News of the queen’s sudden disappearance had reached Hannah by way of a silver hummingbird. The messenger had sadly reported that Titrimia had left the eldest of her nine Green Maidens in charge. The temporary regent was Luka-shen, which translated roughly into “Frog Girl.” Although Hannah had been very fond of the old queen, she did not share the same closeness with Luka-shen. Titrimia had not made Lady MacKennon’s apprenticeship an easy one. Hannah always suspected that Frog Girl’s jealousy was the reason for her hardships and nearly impossible tests. Naturally, Luka-shen’s slick-throated pets bore no love for Hannah’s pampered cats.
Global smartphone sales to end users reached 115 million units in the third quarter of 2011, up 42% from the third quarter of 2010, Gartner said.
Unfortunately, Pickleberrypop is still not up and running, so if you want to take advantage of my huge 40% off SALE, then you need to head over to Gotta Pixel.
I bought them in San Fran. when I went to visit my sister, and I had no idea the name of the shop where I got them or the name of the person who made them. Luckily, I have a magical sister who happens to be the world's best internet searcher. She found Molly M's website and now I can go ahead and forgive Shorty. Yay!
Do not be surprised that ME patients really DO have a brain disease and evidence of brain cell activation that is attempting to fight off an invader. E.g. a virus.
Pinky Brain: Okay great. I’ll start you on Provera which will make you have a period. You’ll take that for 10 days this month and next, then I’ll see you at the end of June and then we can start you on Clomid so you can try for a baby in July
But we do then move into the rules, and here get one or two surprises.
Faler’s work has become an exercise in “unfunctional” design. You can look at one of her works, you can see it is a wall or a sink or a shelf, but you can also see that there’s no way, as realized by Faler, that it could possibly work for the purpose it was originally designed, and that’s something that makes Faler laugh.
3 warmed
Now on to an interesting little quirk of the earlier days of D&D. Basically the first thing the book says about magic items is that they are not labeled and only 15th level or above Magic Users can identify them and that even then it takes weeks. Of course you can identify the items through triel and error but you won't just receive a potion of cure light wounds, you'll get a mysterious magic elixir. Now it might just be my background in Roguelikes but this appeals to me. Of course it does not say anything about finding another of the same thing later in the book but I would atleast run the low level potions and scrolls like Roguelikes do where once you know what one is you know that all the rest of the same ones are though I may do something like having all cure light wound potions made by clerics from the same church looking the same instead of all of them. This could be quite interesting as it would provide a bit more depth to the world as the potions from the fire god temple smell slightly of aloe while the ones made by the nature gods clerics have an earthy flavor and all it would take is just already knowing what gods there are and how many different magical paths/magic colleges there are and you can add the flavor quickly.
So what the fuck should I do? Chemical castration? But I haven’t DONE anything and I don’t plan to. Am I obliged to tell anyone? Good way to lose friends and get the shit kicked out of me. Can I keep babysitting my friends’ kids when they need a hand? After all, if I were into adult women, people wouldn’t see anything wrong with leaving me alone with a couple of those.
There are numerous seminars that aim to upgrade teacher’s skills but are not gaining momentum yet. One of the best way to upgrade one’s skill is graduate studies. However, CHED need to carefully evaluate schools that offer graduate studies in English as some of those schools just simply add the problem instead of helping.
Tertullian
Siiiiigh!!!!
Shoes - Big Dub $10.00 new
This is 1984-type stuff. This is the most polarizing president in American history, and he’s busy telling us that we’re all united under his auspices. War is peace. Poverty is wealth. Polarization is unity. United States is Barack States.
Just tell me where to send in the nomination forms.
They were exactly like how i remembered- except so much uglier (typical!!). Steve polished off the entire container of Suji biscuits by himself!! They are just simply irresistable!!
The main thing that I wanted to point out was ghetto neighborhoods = no tip.
(当新加坡人请你们记住，你们都是炎黄子孙，流的中国人的血，不要以为你们从中国人改成了新加坡人你们就牛逼一点，其实你们屁都不是。)
I stood and looked at the purple rage and said ‘calm down, I will phone our friends and ask them to pop into the boulangerie on their way. We will think about the car later!.’
So,you can refer to her bloggie for further details about how to set the clock.
A Benchmade folding knife clipped in the right front pocket. I've owned a plethora of folding knives, from every major production company: Gerber, Kershaw, Cold Steel, CRKT, etc. While all of them have performed more than adequately, I will never own a folder by any company other than Benchmade again. On the one hand, the Benchmade knives I've owned always seem slightly more finished, and more importantly, their customer service and warranty simply cannot be beat. I own a Benchmade that I've had for almost twenty years now. I carried it in a lot of ugly places, full of ugly people, doing ugly things, After about ten years, the clip fell off (never mind all the other cosmetic wear it had suffered). I tossed it in a gear box and forgot about it. A couple of years ago, while living in Oregon, I found it. I brought it into the factory store in Tualatin one day, to try and purchase a new set of clip-mounting screws. The customer service rep asked me if I could leave it with them overnight, and they could simply install the new screws. The next day, when I returned to pick up the knife, the only original part left was the blade. They had replaced the scales, liners, screws, clip; everything except the blade itself, and that had a factory edge put back on it! That's the kind of service that will guarantee my return business, as long as they still function as a corporate entity.
Rich ranks of golden grain
The proposal of this movie is worth only for a soul mate or a best friend. The proposal on New Year’s Eve (BTW the second day with more proposal in the year) is one of the best proposal scene ever written.
This brings us to the question: Who are these organisations to ban anything in a constitutional democracy?
Lewis
I’m an open heart and mind. I am accepting you and more importantly, I am accepting myself. A Salon Co-Ordinator at the moment in a sunny North Texas who spends more than I have but creates even more. A people person in a twisted way. A blogger and piss poor writer who refuses to give up. A daughter, sister, cousin, friend, stranger and a list of endless titles. Happy. Happy and hopeful is what I am.
Smart stay uses the front camera (most likely) to detect whether you’re looking at the screen before switching to standby. You no longer have to worry about the screen dimming or shutting off when you’re right in the middle of something.
When you are working on the elements of connecting with fans through your bios, your blogs and your content, make sure you are relatable. Good bios these days are not all about the music and the resume of the musicians. Good bios are now including aspects that help the potential fan and audience connect and relate on other levels.
Obama followed up Clinton by ordering overseas US offices to fight anti-gay violence AND any anti-Gay or rather limiting of gay "expression" propaganda. This includes fighting the anti-child perversion and pornography laws passed in St.Petersburg, Russia, that forbid homosexual propaganda in public places that can effect children.
While on the first paragraph it is shown the information about the Eclipse launching (OS, Eclipse version, Java version…) on the second paragraph it is shown the error information:
On the flight she makes a friend and catches the eye of handsome bad boy, Baird. She's begun to think boarding school might not be so bad when the plane crashes. The students are stranded on an island and as the days pass, without rescue, people begin to act less like spoiled rich kids and more like desperate survivors.
to represent have been tarnished by the anti-immigration legislation
So remember when you’re voiceless,
An hour later and that original reluctance has turned into excitement– going through our freezer was like going through a time capsule! Minus all the worms and (I wish I could say) decay, of course. I pull out a gallon-sized ziploc bag of mystery and notice Judy is holding another bag with very similar contents. We’re scientists, of course, so we whip out the microscope and titraters and eventually figure out that it’s a 10 lbs of leftover turkey meat from Thanksgiving with my folks. At first fear strikes our eyes… WTF are we going to do with 10 lbs of turkey?! The only person who seems overjoyed is Gambit. He jumps around on an invisible pogo-stick begging for the tryptophan. Slowly, we realize that we’ve stumbled upon a blank canvas, and we can pretty much make WTH we want!
* UPDATE 25/4/12 Would you believe it, I’ve since found out that Bessant and Drury’s ice-cream isn’t ‘nut free’ after all. It’s made in a factory where nuts are present. Unfortunately their website states ‘nut free’ here, which I’m sure is just an oversight and a result of the fact that labelling laws are so confusing. Still, only serves to prove my point, I guess! They remain egg, soya, gluten and dairy free…
So instead of Rocky Road this year we are having “Rocky Rolls”!!!
When the church takes its playing rules from the corporation, and makes “lean and mean” the primary structuring rule, it has lost both the heart of God and moral authority.
If using a food processor or blender, let the soup cool a bit before blending.
Tonight I also hemmed a skirt I made the other day but I'll save that for another post. I'll have to get a photo of me actually wearing it first!
All buy-sell agreements should be drafted by legal counsel for the respective C corporation, S corporation, or limited liability company (LLC), depending on the specific fact pattern of the case. Optional wait-and-see language can be drafted into any buy-sell agreement, which allows a cross purchase option or stock redemption option to be decided only after a share owner has died. Also, “trusteed” buy-sell plans can be drafted for multiple shareholder situations to reduce the number of insurance policies required and provide for a professional trustee to administer the buy-sell plan.
Perhaps I dreamt of such a place,
Well, this is just off the top of my head. Surely I have missed something. God and learn what it means, “I desire mercy.”
This summer, after being closed to the public for many years, the more intimate Chiostro dei Morti (Cloister of the deaths) will also reopen.
When I was in Junior High School, I was in a band called The Shrugs with three friends. There was already a drummer, guitarist, and bass player so I became the keyboard player. We recorded a whole mess of four-track cassette albums and when practicing we also played a lot of covers by The Police, R.E.M., Beatles etc. I saved up my newspaper route earnings for a long time to buy the latest and greatest affordable synthesizer, the Korg Poly 800. I bought it at Daddy's Junky Music Store in Salem, New Hampshire for, I'm pretty sure, a whopping $600. I remember being in the back glassed-in keyboard room and the salesman showing me how it could sound like Jump.
For me it´s pretty simple. Something makes you smile, then it´s good, you feel like spreading it and that´s enough, no matter what the world thinks.
It seems strange that I only saw Schizoid play one other time after that Doggy Style show. I didn't get to be friends with these guys until long after they'd broken up. Checko and Greg would go on to form the band Lady. Jason would later be in Dwarf Bitch.
Vella puttu is a sweet delicacy made during ocassions.
Zombie Photo credit:
A young couple moves into a new neighborhood. The next morning while they are eating breakfast, The young woman sees her neighbor hanging the wash outside. “That laundry is not very clean”, she said. “She doesn’t know how to wash correctly. Perhaps she needs better laundry soap.”
BLITZER: All right. We’re going to move on.
In this future
Here are the very first steps of the workshop :
3) The material is a cotton/poly blend, so completely machine washable.
This section from an actual grocery store receipt I found exemplifies exactly why so many politicians, pundits and civilians display such rage towards those of the public that are receiving benefits from the Government.
Busy Day Busy People tells the story of the ins and outs of daily life. Through words and very detailed illustrations, we learn about people working in stores and hospitals. We see pictures of auto mechanics and circus workers. Farmers grow our food and chefs prepare it for us in restaurants. And construction workers build new buildings in the city.
The naive Romeo and the young Juliet exploded off the pages, overcoming the hatred and bitterness between their Montague and Capulet families with their sincere and genuine adoration for each other. Shakespeare showcased the ultimate power of love in this tragedy. The sacrifices and challenges that the protagonists suffered for their betrothed made their devotion to each other all the stronger.
StampTV did a "Red and Kraft" challenge for their "Mix-it-up Monday" challenge. I had just won GinaK Designs' "Garden Fresh" stamp set during a blog hop, so I decided to bust it out and get inky with it.
Sarah/Tucker
The civil supplies department, which is the nodal agency for rolling out Aadhaar cards in the state, had assigned the task of enrolling citizens to eight companies, including Infrastructure Leasing & Financial Services Limited. The fraud was committed by infrastructure major IL&FS’s data entry supervisor of the Old City, whose first name, according to civil supplies department sources, is Mohammed.
“I was told how to do it though,” said Bantum.
Dialogue: 6,0:01:00.23,0:01:03.39,Default,,0000,0000,0000,,”Conserving energy” is what you would be, Houtarou.
3/4 cup of melted butter
The liberal class has become a useless and despised appendage of corporate power. And as corporate power pollutes and poisons the ecosystem and propels us into a world where there will be only masters and serfs, the liberal class, which serves no purpose in the new configuration, is being abandoned and discarded. The death of the liberal class means there is no check to a corporate apparatus designed to enrich a tiny elite and plunder a nation.... It ensures that the frustration and anger among the working and middle classes will find expression outside the confines of democratic institutions and the civilities of a liberal democracy.That's a difficult pill for many of us to swallow, but it does explain some of the most notable political developments of our time. It explains the urges behind the Tea Party (which saw itself as an outsider movement, at odds with all elites, but was co-opted almost from the start by the moneyed elites). And it explains what's been happening these past two months in New York, in Oakland, in Chicago, and in towns and cities across the country. The Occupy Wall Street movement can be seen as several things. It can be seen as a desperate move for political expression by those who see the failure of all elites to even try to stop the erosion of the social and economic position of the vast majority of Americans. It can also be seen as an attempt to wrest the old liberal classes away from their complicity with the now-completely-dominant moneyed elites — to revitalize a liberal class on its deathbed. It can also be seen in a less charitable light: I recently saw a nephew of mine and his friends disparage the Occupy movement as "a hipster convention" of people who looked like they were "in line for the latest iPhone." I think this is wrong, but I see where it comes from: it comes from the correct perception that the old liberal elites ("a hipster convention" signifies this class) have been more concerned with their petty privileges ("the latest iPhone") than with delivering for the millions of Americans whose relative position has been steadily degrading for decades. I like to hope that the Occupy movement can both give expression to the political needs of the many, and can give the old liberal class the backbone it needs to stand up to the ever-expanding domination of American life by a tiny financial elite.
I am better. But there are lots of women out there who are not. And my heart goes out to all of you. You will recover too, someday soon.
Alicia also added that it’s “neat” her son actually wants to eat his vegetables and that she has “no regrets” posting the video.
Seeing Douglas Coupland’s The Gum Thief in the library, I wondered if, perhaps, this might be The One. I had vague memories of my friend Anna recommending Mr Coupland - possibly JPod - and Girlfriend In A Coma has been on my to-read-maybe-one-day list for so long I can’t even remember why any more. My friend Anna is very clever and a bit nerdy but in such a way to make it cool, and she likes Neil Gaiman and has purple hair. If she recommended Coupland, maybe I would like him too. Anyway, I’d give him a try. The blurb on the back hooked me: “Bethany discovers Roger’s notebook and finds that he’s writing diary entries pretending to be her - and weirdly, he’s getting it right.”
. . . FREE BEACH ETIQUETTE . . .
The tractor was going slower than Nan. The tractor driver was presumably reading his paper and eating his sarnie.
I knew that the International Pillow Fight Day happened every year, but I had never been able to be part of it until today.
I still have vivid memories of all the school cafeterias I ever ate in as a child, particularly middle and high school. It was kind of like the stock exchange of the self-worth economy. Social orders and classes being laid out along such clear and distinct lines. It always made the first day of school so stressful. Filled with questions like, “Do any of my cool friends have this lunch period or am I gonna have to sit with my awkward friends from band?” I can still remember where my group sat and where certain other groups sat. I remember times when I left one group to join another that was “higher” on the social ladder, even though I enjoyed the company of my other friends better. I remember doing and saying things that I knew were cruel or petty in order to maintain or advance my standing in the social stratosphere. I remember hurting others. I remember being hurt.
She is as usual with my cards colored with Copic ♥
The south porch contains a feature, which is believed to be unique and may be attributable to the church’s historic position astride the Pilgrims’ Way. The porch was adapted as a shelter for wayfarers by the building of a beautiful Tudor-style fireplace with herringbone hearth and backing. It is said that on the last stage of the journey from Winchester to Canterbury, pilgrims rested here until there were enough of them to brave the onward road through King’s Wood, which was known to be infested with robbers.
Romans 2:6-7 who WILL RENDER TO EVERY MAN ACCORDING TO HIS DEEDS: 7 to those who by perseverance in doing good seek for glory and honor and immortality, eternal life; Definition – Eternal life is after every man has given account of his deeds. Eternal life includes glory, honor, immortality, which is the opposite of corruption.
LUCY SKY IS 9 YEARS OLD!
His face fell. “It’s pink. You put me in a pink jumpsuit.”
have wilted. Serve hot.
After the stupendous success of Bade Acche Laggte Hain, Sony Entertainment Television and Balaji Telefilms join forces once again to present another block buster show Kyaa Hua Tera Vaada that will certainly set the country buzzing. The show stars Mona Singh and Pawan Shankar who come together for the first time as a married couple trying to re-discover marital love.
Your horse believes "free walk" means leaving the arena and heading towards the nearest patch of grass.
Industry watchers want to see if this represents a blanket judgment which will then have major implications on parties like trustees and rating agencies.
On first arrival I was unsurprised. The massive malls, colorful luminescent billboards, the LL Beans and Trumps of the world being worshipped like deities. It was a little beautiful. Strip clubs, dingy “Cash-for-Gold” shops, and 7-elevens plastered the sidewalks as waypoints to the drunk and impoverished. There was a certain power in it. Resorts casino way a towering presence on the skyline, with two gigantic titan-sized lamps facing to the heavens, offering maybe some sort of transcendence to those who entered. Some casino on the boardwalk stood as a slimy capitalist imitation of the Lighthouse of Alexandria. Trump’s Taj Mahal, Caesar’s Palace (apparently not the real Las Vegas one where Caesar lived), all feebly called on historic greatness, whispering to New Jersey, “give me your tired, your poor, your huddled masses.”
For enquiries, please e-mail nusso.contact@gmail.com
When the alarm roused me a second time, I got up, showered, made a most necessary pot of coffee, and went through my morning routine. I cut a few corners, and didn't get to sit and savor my two cups of coffee as long as I have during the past few weeks, but hey, the extra sleep was worth it.
** for those of you kickin’ yourselves that you can’t make it – we do have a list of upcoming events in LA/Austin at the end of the email **
another season. It was highly anticipated. But I guess it’s like that alien show I don’t remember the title of now. You know, the one where the aliens come to make nice with the humans but there’s a conspiracy too? The one where they waited too long for the next episode to air? Anyway, like that one. Highly anticipated and then cancelled like a flop on Broadway.
I am doing this stitch from top to bottom - that is how 100 Stitches demonstrates the stitch. A helpful tip from the Mary Corbet video is to draw three parallel guidelines - it makes all the difference to doing this stitch! I drew mine spaced 1/8" apart:
Hopefully by making this look more official it'll keep me on track to keep with my sewing projects. I loved this project. Applique. I've always been kind of intimidated by it, especially the special fusible webbing you need (ps, don't get fusible interface. Not the same thing...). But it wasn't too hard to use. Also, I forgot to use stabilizer and it wasn't a big deal. At least not yet...:0)
Quite frankly, they deserve the smackdown coming their way.
Beer festival season officially kicks off this weekend with the 9th Annual Parkville Microbrew Festival taking place on Saturday, April 21st at 1 pm. The organizers of the festival have kicked things up a notch this year, though, and have developed a mobile site that will allow attendees to access information on the breweries and beers being poured "on the go".
Sultan Idris said set aside political differences via Article 1 of the UNHCR. Well The best way to to this is to end apartheid. Religious difference can also be ended but this will need Article 18 of the UNHCR. Who better than the Royal Collective of Malaysian Princes to make the initiative? We’re not waiting for a 10,000 B.C. (2008 Roland Emmerich) or Arab Spring now are we? These are basic human rights elucidated in the UNHCR, shall we all leave the 3rd World status behind from here on . . .
Act 1: Nar Shaddaa – World Pvp – Republic Level 20-24 – Empire Level 20-24
This has been a very difficult time for all of us with the passing of Jeanne Bice. I was in Europe when I received the news and I can’t tell you how great of a shock it was for me. Before I left on the trip on June 2, I was sure that Jeanne was on the mend and making progress to recovery. After learning of her death, Scott, my staff and I mourned the loss of a woman that we all truly loved and made such a difference in our lives.
Nan Goldin‘s photographic work The Ballad of Sexual Dependency is a slideshow taking in pictures from 1983 to the present day. It’s different every time the photographer exhibits it, and on Saturday night it was given what is surely one of its most dramatic settings to date, the Tate’s massive Turbine Hall. The pictures of junkies, drag queens, and the sleazy New York demi-monde of the past were projected onto a massive screen in the centre of the hall, and given a musical accompaniment.
”Sir, I apologize for Arthur, he just gets a little agitated sometimes.”
she comes to Jesus and says, “Lord, don’t you care that I’m doing this
I warned you, if you’re naughty
When we were there last year, the enclosure for a Jaguar exhibit was under construction, and we were very pleased to catch a look at this awesome cat, and hear him cough! LOUD! Donald and I thought he was trying to bring up a hairball - we know that sound, even it is so much quieter with our little cat.
training effect that you would see in an adult, maternal exercise may be the earliest intervention to improve the heart
"I can't do this." She rasped, sounding like an old lady who had smoked for 60 years. She stumbled.
Roast chicken/pork, roast potatoes and vegetables
Responsible for improvement and maintenance of the databases to include rollout and upgrades
-D
An examination of the ‘business of hate’ reveals the strange world that Searchlight inhabits – the bizarre juxtaposition of the super-rich, the political aristocracy, criminals, and neo-Marxists ‘internationalists’. It is the collaboration of these disparate groups, especially in terms of financing Searchlight, that reveals the true target for the hatemongering -independently
Well, the weather around here for the past couple of days has just been drop dead gorgeous, so I couldn't waste any of it by staying inside. Piss on the pottery, I had to do some gardening! But it wasn't just for the sake of good weather. There is a big cold front coming and I really needed to get some stuff ready for that. They are predicting lows around 18 degrees several nights. Now, for us that's cold! Sweetie Jack raked a bunch of pine straw for me and made piles in the garden so all I had to do was mulch around whatever plants I wanted. So, I pruned and mulched the blueberries (on the left). I have 4 blueberry bushes now and a few herbs planted between them.
A “super Moon” lights up Saturday’s night sky over Florida in a once-a-year cosmic show. According to NASA, the full moon seems bigger and brighter because it is reaching its closest spot to Earth.
books filled with proofs
We are thrilled to have a new office in downtown Roanoke. Over the course of the past two months construction has been taking place to transform the first floor space of the Dr. Pepper building on Campbell Street into Optima Health’s new office. We will be holding an open house on Thursday, January 26, 2012 from 3-5 p.m. to celebrate. Our senior leadership staff will be on hand, along with newly hired staff, neighbors, business leaders and our new clients to celebrate this milestone in Optima Health’s history.
When I get home from work after catching a train and a bus then a 20 minute walk home with Spencer I find the evening just flies by and before I know it... it's 10pm.
They and I laughed and told her “not a bit”.
“That children shouldn’t watch sheep.”
“It were great. That were how it all started.”
But I LOVE it!
BM: Yeah, it’s terrific stuff. The more I read about Hancock, the more I liked him. He should have been listened to more.
with record-breaking bombing run which hit world news that day
(Sorry The giveaway is now closed.)
"My dear Dr. Murray! Do you see butterflies floating through a meadow on a summer morning and only think of them as food for larger creatures?"
Cut ribs into 6 servings.
Victory at last! I have recovered the missing camera cable, but not without a lot of drama. I thought I had a solution that would allow me to circumvent the whole cable thing. Sophanne very gently pointed out to me what should have been obvious, which is that there is an SD card in the camera, and I should be able to transfer the images from the card to my computer with the use of a card reader. "Ah ha!" thought I. "I can do better than that! I have a built in card reader in my laptop!" And I eagerly popped the card out of the camera and attempted to fit it in the card reader on the laptop.
Back at the cabin, we see the Redneck Zombie Family come crawling out of the ground. Jules and Curt decide to go for a walk in the woods to fool around, and Richard and Steve manipulate the scene to allow for a shaft of moon light to illuminate a bed of moss for them to get busy on. Richard and Steve desperately hope to see Jules’ breasts as her and Curt go at it, and our beautiful blonde obliges.
Long tempo: 9:48 minutes/mile
He is asking for his son’s dignity.
4) Cut a label for writing the guest's name. I used Memento Rich Cocoa ink to stamp the label from Papertrey Ink's Fillable Frames stamp and cut it out using the coordinating die. I then used Versamark Ink to add a watermark using Papertrey Ink's stamp set All About You. Since it is a watermark, the guest's name can easily be written over the stamped image. Attach the label to the base so that it hangs over the top edge a bit.
THE Ministry of Finance (MOF) has clarified that Singapore’s financial reserves are well in excess of its debt and that it is a net creditor country.
Paul Dancik
I'll post my comparison and findings soon, but in the meantime, I encourage you to educate yourself about Common Core because unless you live in Texas, Alaska, Virginia, or Nebraska, it's in your state.
blind you to today’s beauty
With the burning heart of all
The British Freedom Party was formed in 2010 and mostly populated by disaffected members of the BNP. A significant proportion were supporters of Eddy Butler – who failed to oust Nick Griffin as BNP leader in 2010. The B-F-P leader is Paul Weston – a former UKIP election candidate.
A large number from amongst the victims are innocent children, women and the elderly, martyred by the American barbarians who mercilessly robbed them of their precious lives and drenched their hands with their innocent blood.
The regrets when I faced difficulties
Parties:
Well, here are the pictures of my new home. Almost all is in place, but still have a little more to do. Since taking these photos I've hung 2 pictures over my desk area in the craft room, and have straightened up the front bedroom, which for the most part, is my storage room. Of course, if anyone wants to come stay for the night, I have a queen size, double, blow up bed, which is quite comfortable to sleep on.
I want to kiss and hold you in an embrace forever. I still remember us being us. My tears fall freely when I think of you and I adore those memories we created. Such a pure friendship I have never experienced before you. A soft warm soul, a happy girl that loved to dance.
He also went on to form two groups with Feza and Moholo. The first was Assagai an afro-rock band who recorded for the Vertigo label. The second was Spear, with whom he recorded the seminal afro-jazz album "In The Townships" in 1973. Assagai and Spear, which recorded a few albums in the early 1970s, blended kwela rhythms, rocking guitars, and jazz solos.
we’re ready to have fun
In India,we try everything possible 2 stop a writer from coming to a literary meet because you see,he expressed some religious views in a book some 24 yrs ago…but mind you,WE aRe A DEMOCRACY!
The pictures on the Cottontails site are better than mine and there are so many other scrummy things to look at too. Being a naughty lady Charlotte sent me some extra treats, you can imagine how I pounced when I saw this with its adorable tag....
If only he is more patient and understanding.
I also took a large circular pot, and planted 3-4 broccoli seeds but none of those have sprouted yet…
Preheat oven to 425 degrees. Toss each half pound of butternut squash with salt, pepper, and 1-2 teaspoons of olive oil. Place butternut squash onto a baking sheet and bake in oven for 20-25 minutes until browned and crisp on the edges.
To Colleges : calling you
positions as an award-winning sales rep for IBM and a Clinton White House member
Unfairly or not, I think one of the reasons I didn’t finish the mystery novel for adults is I had the whole thing plotted out in great detail, and I no longer was writing to find out what happened. I know that my process wouldn’t work for some writers, and I’m not sure that my process is efficient. But it is how I’ve been working.
By the way, if anyone is interested in a
“I was fine alone.”
The most famous evidence, however, involved Bernard Kettlewell’s release-recapture experiments beginning the 1950s, in which he released both light and dark moths into both polluted and unpolluted woods in England, finding that he always recaptured more of the camouflaged morph (typica in unpolluted woods, carbonaria in unpolluted woods). This suggested that birds were eating the more conspicuously-colored moths in both types of woods.
“This t-shirt demonstrates the highest possible standards in an industry that is often criticised for falling short of the mark. Buying this t-shirt supports EJF’s work protecting some of the world’s poorest and most vulnerable people.”
The Bier/Jensen treatise on relationships works this time around because it connects relationships with seeds that sow terrorism. The treatise worked even more because it seemed to promote Gandhian values. It works because it underscores the importance of parenting over philanthropic social work. The movie seems to scream “Look after the emotional needs of your family before you go out to help others in distant lands.” When a child needs his father most of all to talk, the father is too involved and tired by his well-meaning actions in a physically distant world. These are real scenarios today, and that is the key to the success of this film. All the elements of the film are real and that is what makes the film connect with the viewer. Perhaps Jensen ought to be complimented for his wonderful screenplay. The film has an optimistic ending though the English title suggests an element of doubt and presents a pessimistic nuance. The film does leave the audience yearning for a "better world" for all youngsters growing up today in this complex but interconnected global village.
Financial management is a crucial factor to succeed in any business enterprise. The CEO, or a Managing Director of an organization or the proprietor of any private small enterprise should be knowledgeable about finances, considering that cash flow and profits are the lifeblood of any business. Here are tips from Ruth Stuettgen of Focus on Balance on how to manage your business finances.
That's right, I am devastated that you are closing your site and moving to Google+. I am not a member of Google+ and honestly being a member of something new while I have so many other social networking sites is slim to none. I do not know if I would be able to use the photos I make on Google+ on my blog. Your site allows me to add frames, fix up my wrinkles and add words to my photos. It is my favorite site on the internet.
What was in there before I took everything out:
For practical purposes, I am a practicing Lutheran – ELCA. I find comfort in the liturgy of the Lutheran church. The services are doctrinal, didactic and musically rich.
What is Faith?
