RULES
"I can do this. I can, I know I can, promise! But you have to let me go home first."
Fresh plums from the Santa Monica Farmers' Market...
For Cinnamon Rolls, divide dough in half. Roll into a rectangle about 8 inches by 12 inches. Spread softened butter over dough except for ½ inch all the way around the edges. Sprinkle with cinnamon sugar. Roll from long edge and cut into 2-inch sections. Place rolls spiral side down into a well-buttered cake or pie pan.
This only happens twice a year and only when I need to raise funds for my work with these families. All of you long-time clients out there know that this kind of special doesn't come along very often, so be sure to book early before the available dates are gone
Jacob Zuma, Blade Nzimande, Ngoako Ramatlhodi, Billy Masetlha, Nyami Booi (who was yesterday appointed Chairman of the ANC's parliamentary caucus), Thaba Mufamadi and Playfair Morule have all been investigated by the Scorpions.
In Berresheim, I found it helpful to think of the breadth and openness of Polke’s practice, not its deconstruction of painting or its critique of American pop. The deconstruction stuff is too sober, too geeky. Instead, I would argue that in Berresheim, we have a shape shifter, a material hound, an escape artist. There is personality to the work yet Berresheim foregoes the posturing and personality cult angle of someone like Jonathon Meese. There is rationality to the work yet at no time is it uninteresting or overbearing. Finally, there is that strange, Samaras-like creepiness.
my soul will show me the way to your heart
1 cup sugar (brown or white)
The word ‘coyote’ is pronounced kiy-ote. Rymes with tote. This is the proper and acceptable way. The word ‘coyote’ is prounounced kiy-oh-tee only if you are American, or discussing Wile E Coyote.
Well, today I’m going to take her for a little spin, driving to the north of Holland for another adventurous D&D weekend. Get some kilometers back on her counter.
And gross destruction /
While agriculture has modernized, the language used in its messaging makes consumers uncomfortable with the modern practices that have been implemented. Yazmir advised not going into a lot of detail about current practices when talking to consumers as it may generate more concern than necessary.
I am wanting to get rid of everything... I don't like it just sitting around! And I don't want to put it all back up either!
Enjoy the day!
Bell capital. A form of capital of which the chief characteristic is a reversed bell between the shaft and the upper molding. The bell is often ornamented with carv­ing.
The Father sent the Son, and the Son finished the work the Father sent him to do.
Finally! I actually liked Luce in this book. She seemed a lot smarter to me. Maybe because she stopped whining and moaning while waiting on the sidelines and actually decided to DO something about it. If there's one thing I hate, it's a whiny heroine who sits back and lets stuff happen to her. Go Luce!
Then I kept ordering seeds. They're an addiction I think. There is always something new and wonderful to try. I really should go through my seeds each year and see what I truly need, but I don't. Some of the seeds in there are quite a few years old. Who knows if they will even sprout. There are multiples of certain seeds, where I forgot that I had more left and went ahead and ordered more. I can't bring myself to throw any away. I also can't seem to bring myself to stop buying seeds. Help!
And today, when I sit down to write my words again, I’ll be figuring out something else to take time and make my words count. It doesn’t always have to be a race for speed. It’s about what I need to get out in order to do the writing I want to complete.
Brief Digression Number Five: Nesbit did have one great moment while coaching The Citadel. In 1989, Nesbit’s Bulldogs shocked South Carolina in Columbia, 88-87, breaking a 36-game losing streak to the Gamecocks that had dated back to 1943. The key basket in the game was a clutch three-pointer made by Nesbit’s younger brother, Ryan (if he had missed it, the adjective “clutch” would have been changed to “reckless”). The Gamecocks were marching to their first NCAA bid in many years when they were stunned in the late-season matchup, but George Felton’s best team actually recovered from the loss and won enough games to make the dance anyway (losing to North Carolina State in the first round). The victory in Columbia was The Citadel’s 16th of the season, and, as it turned out, its last. Thus it was the final win in the career of one Ed Conroy, a senior guard on that team, and now the head coach of the Bulldogs.
Screen Resolution: 1024×768 display (1280×800 recommended) with qualified hardware-accelerated OpenGL graphics card, 16-bit color, and 256MB of VRAM Some GPU-accelerated features require graphics support for Shader Model 3.0 and OpenGL 2.0
Sitting in the audience was an agent, Selma Rubin, who recognized Donny Most's acting potential. In New York he began studying with a drama coach and performed in workshops. He appeared on some commercials and then landed some stage, TV and film roles.
All Alone!
I think The Woman is looked at as a "love it or hate it" movie (or an "understand it or don't understand it" movie) and it may not be for everyone (especially this guy) but I'm one of the ones that loved it. It is probably the best adaptation of Ketchum's work so far, and though the handling of the material at some parts is not to my liking, the performances, editing, and effects more than make up for it.
We go through a chain of sea-side villages. In one there is ‘Durand Cycles. I wonder if it belongs to Jacky Durand, exponent of that other French madness, the loan 180 kilometre breakaway. He had is own way of riding a grande tour, either 10 minutes off the front or 2 off the back waving at the camera ( he won the lanterne rouge for coming last and the combativity award! ).
while the wind and rain tossed leaves,
And yet without the bolder approach question two demands, we wouldn't have had the likes of Astor Piazzolla and Jorge Luis Borges.
I am smothering some fresh pork sausage right now and the house smells like Grandma’s used to. Nobody could smother sausage (or anything else) as well as she could. I am looking forward to putting that rich sauce rouillè over a steaming plate of rice, sliding a link of smothered sausage on the side. I don’t know why, but white beans always seemed to be the vegetable she would serve with smothered sausage, so I am fixing a batch of those as well.
You’re Garbo’s salary,
A few pics of the menu… as you can see, the meals are really affordable. Most of them are in the Php150 range…
Pull out any image you wish and color it with some pretty spring color combos however you'd like with your alcohol markers and pencils! Have fun & try something new or just use your favorite technique!!
In other words, the growing sentiment within the modern church is that the Christian view of politics (that is, if one even exists) is one that looks a lot like political liberalism. It’s the social gospel. The proof text for this position can be found in the Sermon on the Mount, specifically Matthew 5:38-42.
6. Believe in others.
A percentage of all my T-Shirts is going directly back into the community. I have a list of Artists and Organizations that a percentage is going to. So far, the 2 Artists and 1 organization are:
I remember driving into Montreal with my brother the day he announced his retirement. For several years we tried to make it to Montreal for at least one weekend. We saw him on the field that day, the second last one of the season, but we didn't stay for the final game of the season when he doubled to win the game and end his career.
1 can of white kidney beans with liquid
Dear Archangel Gabriel, please guide my Mind and my hands so that what I write brings Blessings, Healing and Prosperity to all who read it, as well as to my life, too. Please help me connect with people who need to read what I write so that there can be Peace, Health and Plenty for all of us. Thank You, Archangel Gabriel.
I'm so excited I was able to do all 15 sketches!! :)
Here are a couple of pictures – the first time I’ve ever cooked for 16 people, this may not seem like a feat to many, but to me- this was fun but very tiring! There was way more food, including Veggie starters and mains – I just forgot to take pictures!
It's strange to look back on it now and realize Tunisia was just a warm-up for what was to come.
With the death of my dear husband, Edward, I am starting a "new beginning". I miss my loved companion very much, but my life has to go on. The hardest thing of this journey is knowing that what I create in the future, he will know longer be by my side to critique my art. They say, and I have to agree, that a person is hardest on themselves in critiquing their own artwork, so hopefully I will be able to not be so judgmental of my own.
Who were those people? Was that the last generation of Americans to feel passionate idealism honestly and deeply in ways that we dare not allow ourselves today, for fear of igniting a similar inferno? Or is it all just history, not too relevant to our time, and over and done with?
The Granada adventures were exceeding faithful to the original Arthur Conan Doyle stories, so Hardwicke played Watson not as a bumbler of the Basil Rathbone-Nigel Bruce era but as a dashing, stately former military doctor.
TL;DR - Scarecrow from Batman Begins hides from zombies in England. Profit? - 8/10
I don't have a pattern . I'm just adding enough increases on the curved edges to keep it flat. It could end up a little uneven but we'll see :0)
If a rape victim were to ask me why God allowed such a curse to befall her, in spite of all my studies on the Problem of Evil, religion and spiritual counselling I’d just have to say I do not know. For the victim, rape is too real and not Maya, not an illusion to wish away. It is the worst form of male aggression to befall on women. Here the effort is to wish away the victim’s Self by the demonic male. It is unutterably unexplainable through metaphysics. Words fail. All discourses fail and abjection is the only word which can describe the situation. God, apparently, is not doing a good job.
These are from Betsey Johnson's new "Glitter Critter" collection. I think they're absolutely darling! They would look so cute with the top above. Ah, glitter...I'd probably eat a bowl of it for breakfast every morning if I could, lol.
Tantalum (often called “coltan”) is used to store electricity in capacitors in iPods, digital cameras, and cll phones. A majority of the world’s tantalum – 65 to 80 percent – is used in elecronic products. Armed groups earn an estimated $12million per year from trading in tantalum.
This recipe always goes down a treat. If you’re looking to make friends, make a batch or two of these and you have a great ice breaker, and a great treat. I’ve made these cookies for my class at university and not only did my fellow classmates love them, but so did the lecturers. I’ve also taken them to social church occasions and broken them out at family get togethers. They’re relatively easy to make, I’ve indicated a shortcut I’ve taken here, which I’ve been told makes no real difference but some of the cookies will look a little anaemic. It’s fine, they still taste great. If you have time or just want to do them properly, mix the melted chocolate in with the flour and nuts, not after. However, I find the chocolate isn’t melted enough and mix the dry ingredients together first, mainly because I’m impatient.
Then there's another weird feature in Helen's apartment: the medicine cabinet in her bathroom allows her to access the empty apartment next door. Her theory is that Candyman used secret passages like the one in the bathroom to claim his victims. To drive her point home, Helen has Bernadette stand in front of the mirror with her, and re-enact the Candyman summoning. After the 4th repetition of the name, Bernadette chickens out, but Helen completes the chant. Uh oh...
Barm cake: what others may incorrectly describe as a bap, roll or bin lid?!
Domain: Matching
They have a frosting bar with 27 flavors including almond, butter pecan, butterscotch, hazelnut, Irish creme, cream soda, macadamia nut, key lime, pina colada, root beer and the original frosting they call "Old Skool." If you can't decide which frosting you like, get some frosting shots either in single shots or a mix-and-match 5 flavor sampler pack.
I long for free social weekends and open evenings not requiring correspondance with local organizations. …And then I have to make the choice–the choice we all have to make on our journeys. When we have been on the road for a bit of time, the enchantments and sparkles of roadside attractions become great. They call for us to stop, rest and even consider them a favored substitute over the sacred destination. We can choose this…or we can look to the “imaginative, active encounter with the place” (P. Cousineau). At this point in the journey, we must look all the harder and request for a renewed power of vision.
MSPCA personnel march around in heavy boots, brandishing sharp metal rods to punish disobedient animals. In the filthy concrete cages, most of the dogs shrink to the back, shivering and terrified.
That's right, friends. I am about to embark upon an impossible mission. I am going to feed a crowd of hungry teenagers vegan food.
and then there was the trip out west... *more on THAT later*
Pujols’ accomplishments speak for themselves. He will most likely go down as the Mickey Mantle or Ted Williams of this generation.
Madagascan music is so fantastically joyous. And I really wanted to
Finn makes sense?
Obviously, way more happened than I could even document here, but hopefully this gives you a little picture of what I’ve been up to for the past two weeks. And now, as my host dad reminded me last night, I’ve almost only got a MONTH left in this country. Holy badwords does time sure fly. I didn’t expect anything less, but time just always creeps up on me, it seems. I have about 9203482 essays to write/projects to do/assignments to complete within this next month and two more trips (one to go sailing for two days, and another to Krakow, Poland to visit Auschwitz – a necessity because when else am I going to get to have that experience?).
I am impelled forward by John Dewey’s endorsement of ways of knowing that carry across the boundaries between disciplines; his melding of the ethical and the practical; his conceptualization of teacher-as-learner (particularly pertinent today); his faith in process before product; his view of the institution of the school as the proper spawning-ground for moral sensibility and the development of role models; his healthy opinion of the child’s affection for the teacher as a suitable foundation for learning; his belief in the organic relationship of disparate subjects to each other; his conviction that art is a form of praxis and that the quality of the thing made far outweighs quantity; his insistence that the “machinery of thought” must be kept moving for reflection to exercise its greatest influence; and that the teacher demonstrate correct learning through daily behavior – not only through what he says, but what he does.
Here is a Gift card holder I cut out with Wildcard, page 46 called All in One, it is cut at 4.25"
A6 Plain white cards and envelopes - 1 pk of 12
FACT: 25% of search results for the world’s top 20 largest brands are links to user-generated content.
And its driver turns around
It was invented in 1828 by John Osborn an ex-patriot living in Paris which, when he unveiled it the Paris Food Show in 1849 and again in 1855, won a Citation Favorable. High praise indeed. It is still made now in Elsham, Hertfordshire, but what exactly goes in there is a closely-guarded secret.
I have never had a vagina in all my years and I know how to pronounce "vaginal."
Tools: Spellbinders Nestabilities – lacey circles, label 6, ink blending tool & foam, MS garden gate deep double edge punch
Kathleen (Kit) Faragher, 33, Denver, Colo.
Child #2: That's not a horrible fortune. That's a good fortune. That just means you shouldn't give up. It's to encourage you.
The first step is to recognize our strength and that our strength is far greater than that of the leash that ties us to satisfaction with complacency.
I have never, in my memory, watched a Republican debate. I did tonight. Oh my eyes, my burning eyes.
Aren't the miniature pocket knives cute?!
Jacob Russell: Revolutionary Narrative
I dashed along the drive, wearing only slippers (if you’ve ever tried running on snow and ice in slippers, you’ll know why they’re called that!) and as luck would have it, not too many people had walked in the fresh snow so I was able to see which way they’d gone. I ran up to the cross-roads and saw them on the road that leads up to the hospital. We lived only a few minutes walk from it at that time, y’see. They were still a good distance from me but close enough for me to see them clearly and to be heard. Paul was holding his sister’s hand, with her toddling along beside him at quite a pace (she could already run by this time), with just a nappy and boots on.
There are superficial similarities between the situation in Western Europe now and the one in the 5th century, when a decadent civilization was overrun by the barbarians. The population movements we are witnessing now are the largest and fastest in human history. In Europe, they can only be compared to the period often referred to as the Migration Period, following the disintegration of the Roman Empire. Yet we now have communications that can transport people anywhere on earth within hours, and media outlets that show ordinary people how much better life is in other countries. On top of that, the Romans didn’t have human rights lawyers advocating that millions of outsiders should be allowed to settle in their lands.
If motivation for study abroad often comes from parents, then why do parents encourage their children to meet people from other cultures? I would guess the impetus is similar to encouraging their children to enjoy music, play sports, read books, go to museums. While there may be an element of “it’s good for you” in the push parents give to these activities, I would suppose that in general, parents who encourage their children to study abroad believe that other cultures are interesting and attractive.
“The goal of black theology is the destruction of everything white.”
"what should I do?"
Over the next few hours, all the senior staff go in, and come out with a tired and harassed look. Eventually, Shedder Smith gathers us up in the Ready Room to discuss the results.
I have also worked on a template to share with those of you, who may be interested in keeping track of your wins as well. You can find it by going here. It's a Google document and it's actually my first time in sharing anything with Google docs. I will say in advance that it's nothing spectacular, just a basic spreadsheet to help you remember what you've won and other important information regarding those wins. My next spreadsheet that I will be working on, will be something to help me keep track and remember to enter Twitter Sweepstakes.
So, 2012 is here. And this is the year for US, Marty and I and our children, Caitlin and Ciaran. It's for us as a couple, as a family and for us in our farm business. I dont have a word or phrase as such for the year ahead as many people do, neither do I have any NY resolutions, but rather a focus for us, on which our choices and decisions will be based.
So back to my soap box about the recipes….there are definitely days I cook something yummy just because it’s just soooo yummy. But mostly I want my dinners to be healthy because I know this is going to be the one meal of the day where my kids are going to be getting their vitamins and minerals. Let’s face it, breakfast just isn’t always what it’s cracked up to be when you’ve got school-aged kids running off to catch the bus on time. My older sons loves eggs and can eat them every day, but my younger does not. Once a week is good for him. He also does not prefer waffles or pancakes or fresh fruit. I find myself compromising with yogurt, cottage cheese, turkey sausage or turkey bacon, and a small bowl of cereal with organic milk or a muffin. So even though they are getting enough protein to boost them until lunch, I know they aren’t getting any veggie nutrients at all and that is important to me.
Korea is located in Eastern Asia, on the southern half of the Korean Peninsula bordering the Sea of Japan and the Yellow Sea. It is smaller than Oman, with an area of 99,720 sq km, slightly larger than the state of Indiana. It has 2,413 km of coastline. The South Korean terrain is mostly hills and mountains; wide coastal plains are in the west and south. Its climate is temperate, with rainfall heavier in summer than winter.
He knew perfectly what I meant. She wasn’t there and life has lost its significance to me.
Naturally, being something of a contrarian, I decided that it’d be nice notion to look into the possibility of an Alternative World Book Night - i.e., to ask a number of writers, poets et al to nominate a recently published book that they consider to be unjustly overlooked by the critics and public alike. The result was published in the Irish Times on Saturday, with the most fascinating / totally bonkers answer coming from poet David Lordan. To wit: CYCLONOPEDIA: COMPLICITY WITH ANONYMOUS MATERIALS
And I will savor it all, the good and the bad ... because I can. Because he is "twoooo!" Hooray!
Many of you may be wondering what the big deal is. You see, I'm a "Yes!" Mom! I heard no a lot growing up, and probably would have been that way myself if I hadn't found unschooling when Kathrynn was about 6 months old. Over time I found that saying yes to Kathrynn was an amazing part of my own internal growth- wanting to be able to say yes more then no forced me to really examine my choices, my fears, my belief systems. It became immensely freeing and expansive to say YES! And yet, there have been times when for reasons I alluded to above, I have said yes to her, which resulted in a no to myself. I have only started to really internally deal with that pattern in the past year, and it's been a slow trip for me to uncover the foundation for being a proud yes mom. :)
TV journalist
A phone ringing with your favourite song during a job interview is highly unprofessional and will most certainly be frowned upon by your interviewer. Even if they like the band! Turn your phone off or to silent before the interview begins.
The past month Kitty's started to sleep on the floor of the basement when I am down there crafting sometimes. I think I need to make her a bed out of the way, see if I can convince her that is her spot when I am down there otherwise I will end up tripping over her ! The photo above shows one of her preferred spots right now, snuggled up next to my stamp storage dresser - right in my walking path.
Meanwhile, during the interview, Sultan Ibrahim also shared his plans for Johor.
Everybody has their crosses to bear.
2. The paint/bond coat is a little hard to work with. It dries quickly, so you have to be careful when applying it. Plus, they recommend you use a brush to apply versus a roller (to mimic the wood grains for the Decorative Glaze), which makes it somewhat challenging to get an even result.
Tameside metropolitan borough council’s elective home education guidelines say:
I hope everyone is having a safe and happy weekend. I'm hoping to have some more art to post soon, as well as some announcements.
I stood back and admired the building, a handsome 20th-century gray brick and mortar hotel/apartments structure, obviously post-dating the 1906 earthquake, which destroyed 80 percent of the city’s dwellings and businesses. Stevenson lived at that address, but not in that building.
Lainey: "No mom, kids have butts."
JB – We will be on vacation when you turn 11 months on the 24th, so I am posting this a little early.
"Stouts and Porters are generally very malty because they are made using roasted malts and barley. There are also other ingredients that are used like oatmeal, coffee, chocolate and milk. They are usually heavy bodied"
I need to take to heart this reality – It really doesn’t need to be as complicated as I make it out to be.
Second Quarter: College Basketball Part II
Jessie, David, and Alexia Gordy
After what seemed like two days of work, in my lexicon of terms anyway, making appointments, shooting, shopping, cooking, a dinner out, and with cleaning remaining, I would have thought I could put more than four hours of sleep together. And, before long, I may well hit the bunk again. To bed just before 20:00 and up by midnight, if I did hit the dirt pretty hard. I remember getting into bed, getting comfortable, thinking about rolling over... I don't know if I ever did roll. *bam* Love sleep like that.
e) I like the idea of a chosen name. In my despotic utopian fantasies, everyone would have to change their name (or consciously and explicitly choose to keep their birth name) upon reaching adulthood. (Or better yet, every ten years. This would result in a lot of middle-schoolers named Rocketship Dinosaur McExplosion and that's awesome.) It's such a big and important part of your identity, it seems odd to just go with whatever you were handed.
Another online forum is linked to this website. Here the members exchange experiences, set up dates and distribute videos.
For those familiar with the debate over the veracity of Enoch Powell’s claim in his famous Rivers Of Blood speech fourteen years later that an elderly white lady was being driven from her home, of the several news cuttings in the Prime Ministers papers is one from The News Chronicle of 7th December 1954 where a white woman asked for an injunction to stop her coloured landlord abusing or molesting her. Judge Wilfred Clothier in giving judgement in the case of a 62 year-old white woman living alone in a house full of coloured men, said that she was “hounded by these coloured men. This is
It is about priorities and being debt free.
what do you want to be when you grow up?
This is unexpectedly badass, a crunchy rock instrumental which sounds significantly harder than most of the other songs that show up here. That said, while it demonstrates a certain virtuosity with various instruments, especially the lengthy drum solo, it also seems frustratingly incomplete, almost as though it’s the start of a song rather than something intended solely as an instrumental. It demands a bare minimum of the human instrument, even some oohs would probably push it over the edge and complete the sound. It’s right on the edge of being amazing, so it becomes slightly disappointing that it’s merely really good.
It is true that most entrepreneurs I have known would never have considered working for a large company. To them, such a life would seem too constraining, bureaucratic, and unfulfilling. However, would we drive more innovation in our organizations if we sought to hire people with some of the character traits listed above? In most organizations, we don’t screen for such things. But . . . we could.
my hands on, and I only hope you’ll let me waste your time by
A mermaid-purse for the insides-out:
I have told the multitudes that the career I am looking for is one of a customer service rep/marketing manager/traffic coordinator/account executive. All because it’s been so damn hard to start doing what I really want to, with it’s subsequent pay loss and “start at ground level” reality.
just the thinnest line
All women should aspire to be a size 14 with buxom, hourglass figures, the new equalities minister claims.
FOLLOWING Saturday's arrests at the English Defence League protest, all 21 men have been bailed pending further inquiries.
You will never love anyone the way you loved me.
The other evening I had a massive swatch fest consisting of a bunch of polishes that didn't fit any collection- the loners. When it came to OPI Gargantuan Green Grape, a polish I'd wanted for a while, I had a bit of a deja vu moment...
My winter mantel in the living room was a display of my vintage clock faces and clocks along with different sizes of metal boxes used as risers. It was one of those vignettes that I wasn't in a hurry to change, however, the recent warmer temperatures have motivated me to haul out the spring decor. Instead of putting away all the clocks, I decided to simply include them in other vignettes around the house.
This reminded me of another encounter with unappetizing food language, earlier this year: At a San Francisco restaurant, one of the main course offerings was "Terrorized New York steak." Not even our local hosts could tell us what it meant; we wondered if it was some kind of invention based on "terroir," but that seemed unlikely at a restaurant that had carefully labeled one menu category with the plural form "Bruschette."
Spotify just launched a native iPad app, a long-anticipated move. The app dazzles with tablet-sized retina graphics and is available now in the App Store.
After the Queen’s I found Sams very expensive and I was annoyed – no matter how tasty the dish was – it was marred by the fact I that most of my meal I spent picking out fish bones. £16.95 is a lot of money to spend and then to have to pick out the tiny fish bones with every mouthful.
"Yes, because there is no succession."
We were staring down into the canyon and Terry said, "There's the Colorado River," and Kyle was looking for that for his Junior Ranger bingo page. I couldn't see it at first, because I was expecting a bluish color, not brown, but with Terry's help, I found it. Kyle wasn't having as much luck. Terry would get down on his level, point it out to him, and then ask, "Do you see it?"
There are no chance encounters – Everyone is a potential teacher, be open to their messages…
It’s a curious perspective that sees market unrest as something still lying in the future; but then equally odd is the disappearing Greek austerity compliance decision due last Sunday. This from the Bloomberg site (my italics):
Unbelievable!!!! I really didn’t think this would be much of a season finale….when will I learn? Last night’s season finale of TGW was fabulous. I’ve mentioned several times how there is no show on TV that has done a better job with guest stars the way TGW has. All their guest stars should win Emmys. They are that good and that magnificent. Martha Plimpton is absolutely brilliant as Patti Nyholm. And really, what more can I say about MJF. Them teaming up to take down LG is genius. But will it be successful?
Tip 7: Take good care of yourself
Jamie is also a graduate of the Faber & Faber Writing Academy and a member of the Newman Writers Group. His work has been backed by the Northern Ireland Arts Council through several Individual Artist Awards.
It was a boring morning. Joe and I played on our iTouches, I checked email and chatted online... I tried to stay on my feet, walking and pacing and sometimes bouncing on the birthing ball--- mostly to keep my body positioned to work rather than slack off. I didn't really have painful contractions for most of the morning with the early dosage of Pitocin. I read a little... I did a little hand-sewing since I had Noah's "baby day present" I needed to finish. I talked on the phone with a few people... We marked time. We waited.
Commercial breweries routinely sell their spent mash to farmers as animal feed. They do the same with spent hops and the enormous quantity of yeast that is left over after their large-scale fermentation. I have usually just dumped my leftover yeast onto the lawn. One time I thought it would be a healthy fertilizer, so I dumped some at the base of a maple sapling I had started that year. Over the course of the next few weeks all the leaves fell off and the poor thing almost died. It's doing okay now, but I've gone back to just dumping them out. But yeast is highly nutritious and commercial breweries sell the yeast. They also sell the carbon dioxide that is generated during fermentation. So you see, nothing much goes to waste in the brewing process.
Robert D. Colin, 49, West Babylon, N.Y.
"What is it, mama?"
…A shopping website where you can browse clothing according to your personality type!
Crowd: Straight, fashionable, crowd-conscious guys who are ready to flirt.
Sadly DIY Network doesn't do much in web support of their shows. No way to watch an episode, and certainly no photos. And Bronnie is a naughty boy because he started a blog and doesn't do a thing with it. He should be posting photos and back stories.
Philippians 4:6
The Hardware Goods
So I thought I'd share a little scrappy project with you today. (Please excuse the crappy late night iPhone photo!)
We went to the Chicken Swap in Milford this past weekend and you guessed it, we picked up 2 more chickens. Here’s where you use your imagination to hear me whine “we had toooooo, they were so cute and besides, all I’m looking for is one egg, just one stinkin’ egg.”
To encourage you to do say “no” in a nice way, here are some of the actual turn-downs I’ve received and appreciated:
Scalloped Circle Die, cut with nestabilities....
In New York, Don Vito Corleone worries about his children’s future. His three youngest kids (Michael, Fredo, and Connie) attend school while his adopted son Tom Hagen goes to college, but alienates lunatic Luca Brasi. However, Vito is upset with his oldest offspring seventeen year old Sonny. He wants Sonny to become a businessman, but his son prefers the old fashioned violent way to affirm he is next in line to run the family business. The Don knows his son is too ragingly violent to head the family though he lectures him to know when to use your heart instead of always your gun or fists. Meanwhile in the boroughs, Corleone’s enemy Giuseppe Mariposa teams up with Emilio Barzini and Phillip Tattaglia to destroy the family.
This week has gone by in a blur. I can't even believe that it is already Friday again. I have been so busy this week with selling our house that I haven't had time for much of anything else. We got two offers on it this week! It has been pretty exciting, but since we are selling it by owner it has been a lot of work. Luckily my aunt is a real estate agent and has been walking me through all the paperwork. We are just praying now that at least one of the offers actually comes through. I've heard so many horror stories from people and keep getting told that you can't start celebrating until you have the money in your hand. I am just trusting that whatever is suppose to work out works out. But it would be so nice if things work out soon-- because keeping my house clean is TORTURE!
Today’s class will be his last before graduation. He is still in the agonies of getting his paper in order. I read the 30 page organization assessment last night and while Joe has good content the details need ordered. He did a really good job illustrating how pauper-like the working conditions of the archive are compared to the well-heeled historical society. I was rolling off my chair in laughter.
31. Skin And Bones - Dean Gitter
This proves 100% enjoyable for present-day-Audrey but totally confusing for future generations and/or dominant species’ who will wonder what the correlation is between Nat Turner/slave rebellion, fashion blogs in Portland, ME, and a litany of benefits crying out for pro-ice-cream-sandwich initiatives in every corner of my life. Seriously, let’s draw some ice cream sandwiches: they’re that good.
Melt the almond bark in the microwave or in a double boiler. Pour the melted almond bark into a cup for easy dipping and dip the pretzels one by one. Shake off the excess chocolate and lay out on a sheet of wax paper to let the chocolate set. If you want to decorate it with sprinkles, put them on while the chocolate is still setting. If using melted dark chocolate for decorating, wait until the chocolate coating has hardened and then drizzle on the melted dark chocolate.
I hadn’t heard from the girl on the other line for 13+ years. She is an old acquaintance from high school. We played volleyball and basketball together. We had sort of an on-friend/off-friend relationship. We had a few things in common, but not enough to be besties. Our last time “hanging out” together turned out pretty bad and I decided that she wasn’t the kind of person I wanted in my life. As a matter of fact, the last time we spent time together was such a fiasco that I use it as an example to every teenager that I have influence upon about real friends. It’s a juicy story. You know you want to hear it.
Seem like some sensible ideas to me.
"It is clear that Government finds itself between a rock and a very hard place," said Singh.
Gregory: I love twitter! #fluffytweets
Because in the end,
The title of his session was “Reading Between the Lines” but that doesn’t capture what he spoke of. He spoke of his influences, of the artists whose work and lives and relationships have shaped the person he is becoming, whose voices now run under his own. If he wanted to leave all of us with any advice, it was with the commandments that he heard as a teenager said by a Hebrew poet. The poet said that God should have added two commandments to the 10: Don’t change. Change.
I am also going to start offering podcast recommendations, where I tell you a bit about a podcast I’m listening to that I think may interest you. Perhaps I will add that to the Wednesday line up as a little pick-me-up to help you through the rest of the work week. Let me know what you think and if there are any podcasts you recommend, be they yours or someone else’s, and I might check them out.
DO: Think about working for a few hours in a meeting room or a local coffee shop if you need to get away from your desk.
Heat is the perfect example of a consumer magazine website featuring a lot of exclusive web content. On their website ‘Heat World’ they have a daily round up of the day’s celebrity news. They also have a section where readers can rate ‘which celebrity wore it best’.
2000 – 2004: This was age 28 – 32 for me. I believe for most people, this age bracket is the “sweet spot”. If you’re going to climb Mount Everest, I’d suggest doing it around this time period. Your body is still pretty elastic and can recover from almost anything. I had no noticeable or memorable ailments around this time. I ran my first marathon here too.
Cathy Tyson (Mona Lisa)
1. Listening to Radio Morning 2 on the weekends with host, Molly Johnson – You’ve got to get up early to hear Molly’s show (6 – 9 am) but it’s a perfect accompaniment to a hot double espresso and the paper. Molly plays a lot of Canadian music and I find myself doing multiple downloads of selections I’ve just heard. Catch her on CBC Radio 2 (94.1 in the GTA) or listen online at http://www.cbc.ca/radio/.
I hope Brendan Gleeson gets Best Actor - Comedy or Musical, though I'm pretty amused that James Franco was also nominated for Pineapple Express. This one could go any which way.
Brock: Yes Hank.
On the downside, pools might reduce competition both between the parties and their products, stifling innovation rather than encouraging it. Where there is a global drive to develop clean, sustainable, energy resources, governments could incentivize participating organizations. This might remedy worries of innovation slowdown. Concerns regarding reduced competition could be addressed in each pool's headline terms.
Maybe it’s just a matter of time before a screaming psycho, sporting a mohawk, assless leather pants & spiked shoulder-pads, forces your car off the road, blows you away, then makes off with the liquid gold in your gas tank. All you smug tree-huggers, full of yourselves for shelling out tens-of-thousands for environment-friendly hybrids, will be singing a different tune when the gasoline-apocalypse comes and you’re taken down on the highway by crazy marauders hunting you down in their 300-horsepower death machines. You'll be as helpless as a seal pup in the jaws of a Great White.
Ouch. And despite what you might think, it isn't just your close friends that see this. It's your colleagues, teachers, and potential employers. People will figure it out is a poor viewpoint. They will figure it out, but it doesn't do you any favours. At best you appear lazy, at worst ignorant. Taking the extra time (much less than ten minutes) to make sure that what you post makes sense is a much better choice.
Those two words—no gimmicks—perfectly encapsulate Joey Stylez, the world’s premiere Native American hip hop artist. From his chameleon-esque sound, clothing and hair styles down to his ongoing adoration for skin art and undeniable good looks, Moosmin First Nations member Stylez is overtaking the world of hip hop with enthusiastic ease.
Let's say I've lost my wallet. When I look for it -- and things are about to get crazy technical here -- I tend to start with the last place I remember using my wallet. What I don't do is search every place I've been for the last week. We don't hear any of the dialog during their trek, but I imagine it went something like...
Disclosure: Some of the products mentioned in this review are sent by the PR for my consideration. All opinions are honest and my own. I am in no way compensated for this review. I have always been, and will always be committed ONLY to my readers.
Can't wait for next week. I just hope I'm done with this nasty cold by then. You can't imagine how unpleasant it is sneezing in a bee veil.
And I turned to see the voice that spake with me. And being turned, I saw seven golden candlesticks; And in the midst of the seven candlesticks one like unto the Son of man, clothed with a garment down to the foot, and girt about the paps with a golden girdle. Revelation 1:12-13 (KJV)
“He takes his job way too seriously.”
In the last moments before our neighbors knocked on our door inviting the kids to play in the rain in early September, Jack was playing "hide and seek" with Shadow by hiding under her dog bed and making funny noises. Having been cooped up in the house all day, Shadow enjoyed getting riled up by her "brother." They had, despite Jack's fears, grown incredibly close.
“Bantum,” instructed Ibis, “I’m going to go out on a limb here… but would you mind telling the chicken to tell us everything he knows?”
"Be You" 6x6 Paper Pad by Fancy Pants Designs
Hello Everyone! My mom finally made it home and my dad and I had a wonderful birthday celebration waiting for her! We had toyed with the idea of going out to eat. However with the rain my parents and I decided to cook at home and stay dry! However with the grill being outside I am not sure how dry my dad stayed! Tonights birthday menu featured Steak, Maui Maui, and Shrimp! With Parmesan Edamame Risotto, and an Undone Caprese Salad for sides! Yes some very Italian inspired side dishes! My dad was in charge of grilling while I was in charge of the salad and the Risotto! I have mentioned before that I just love cooking for people, and I enjoyed collaborating a meal with my dad for my moms birthday!
Over the kitchen was the third bedroom. I remember spending some weeks in bed there when I had a bad spell of bronchitis (which I seem to have had regularly ever since and I wasn’t smoking then either.) There was a small open fire which was kept alight to help keep me warm. This must have been soon after we moved to Harleston, about Easter time. I passed my time by drawing patterns in pencil on typing paper my father supplied. I would then sell some of the patterns to him for a penny or two. He probably sold them to the Superintendent!
The parents are top civil servants (deep in Guardian and cash).
I had already made these for a friend who wanted to give her friend a onesie with a "0" for their new baby, so I thought I'd share them with all of you, too.
RedCounty.com
As you see, We needed a little containment for "the bowl that wouldn't fill".
The title of the proposed new report is: Periodic Benefit-Risk Evaluation Report (PBRER) E2C (R2). The purpose of this report would be to go beyond the PSUR (Periodic Safety Update Report) safety reports and have a report that can encompass that same information, but add in consideration of product benefits as well and focuses on benefit-risk assessment.
Here’s one from my trip with Greg Anderson to Central Florida. What a luscious landscape this is. I’m bound to return to this beautiful land time and time again.
Comet Lulin is coming closest to earth tonight. Do I have a snowball's chance ... in space ... of seeing it?Similarly, Tami asks:
The gorge looked breathtakingly beautiful from the precarious edge of the rock.
Unlike in those decisions, the Second Circuit concluded here that the use in question was transformative:
(Shin ning KWAH luh)
This week: 1) Wednesday, vs. Bolton Wanderers, Premier League, 2:00 PM; 2) Sunday, at Aston Villa, Premier League, 8:00 AM
This invidious little word pops up in so many situations and means so many things that it is all but impossible to live one's life without committing an act (or thought crime) which falls within its all pervading grasp.
But alas, despite the less sleep I've been trying to get by on, I'm just not getting everything done. Because some things simply must come first. *cough* kids *cough*
5. Upon proof of claim that the charge was the result of a lawful investigation unmarred by prejudice.
She needed to put them on NOW, so she did. It took a lot longer because she wouldn't stop moving her feet in a happy jig.
* I am thankful that my kids don't drive me crazy *all the time*
In several ways…
Lord, help me
Have you been to Hollywood? Las Vegas? Disney Land?
Wow...what to say about this week? Well my boss got fired yesterday. Left behind is a huge mess that me and 2 other co-workers will work to clean up on the next few weeks. Fun stuff. Let's just say overtime is in order. My heart goes out to my boss regardless of the reason why "he/she" was let go. Being a single parent and just having purchased a car is going to be hard on them. I pray and hope they don't run into any troubles.
Finally all the rough kids at the back put their heads together – “You dae it”, “Naw, you dae it” – and finally one puts his hand up and says, “Please, Miss, the boy next tae me wants tae fart but he disne know the code.”
I love you R- for eternity.
Another gave evidence of being raped by two men while she was ‘so drunk she was vomiting over the side of the bed’. One 13-year-old victim became pregnant and had the child aborted.
My mom embraced them.
"Glorious Times A PICTORIAL OF THE DEATH METAL SCENE 1984-1991"
She walked off for a bit, but came back later as Potshot and I were working together. She saw Potshot run nearly out of visual range to pull a mob. As he ran back she said that the mob would never make it to us. And in WoW, or any number of more current games, she would be correct. The mob would hit the “boredom radius,” give up, and wander back to its starting point, not bothering anybody else along the way.
- Jap (as in Japanese, not Jewish-American-Princess, though that may be offensive as well)
enough said!!
Findings (clasps, earwires, metal spacer beads etc) are exempt from the colour challenge so you can use silver, gold or any other colour findings that fit in with your project.
Saturday, 22 October 2011
2. A Wrinkle in Time - L'Engle (1962)
With a two-foot space between.
(apologies for the poor quality of the pictures...my scanner wasn't working, so these are copies of prints)
Our family had just finished an underground rafting trip.
Carrot Cake: 25
A collaboration between British furniture company MARK and Danish textiles company, Kvadrat shows a ‘behind the scenes’ look at every stage that goes into designing a product. The product in question is Tomoko Azumi’s new Verso chair, and it looks really cool. Take a seat.
If you click here, you’ll see the best poster ever produced on gun control. It shows the various tyrants that have disarmed citizens as part of their oppressive rule.
Boxer’s Revenge Wild Ale (Casks & Gravity Kegs)
I have added more retired items for sale. I am trying to clean up my 2nd bedroom so we can start setting it up and these items need to go. :) You can see the list HERE . I will be adding more soon, as I am going through the boxes and boxes.
The following morning confirmed that google still blacklisted my account, so I uploaded to Vimeo, emailed it to Barb and shrugged, ‘Well, that was a fun exercise!” I did little else the rest of the day except sleep!
I’ve gotten off lightly today as I’ve not gone anywhere. But what happens when I’m at home is quite interesting. I’ve not left the laptop since I got back in. I’ve had twitter, facebook, iplayer, hotmail, and pinterest all open. I’ve been monitoring them in a way I never do on my phone. Every time a number pops up on one of the tabs I’m scampering to turn find out what it is. But being on the laptop has a sense of foreboding, as if I’m locked away from the world even though I’m interacting with it via the internet. This is bad.
You who used to say such thing,
Find a way to get to where you want to go by walking in the opposite direction.
... That should get you thinking ..
Young actor, in “Social Studies”, UPN; formerly on “Cheers” as “Ludlow” etc) (vegan
I was on a red-eye after a lay-over in Las Vegas. I was due to arrive in Oklahoma City about 4:20 in the AM, but the flight was delayed. It's the middle of the night.
CX-S, 6-speed freewheel with 13-14-15-17-19-21 cogs.
I officially returned to writing mode at the beginning of the month when at the very last hour (actually I think I had about 3 hours to spare) I sent an entry into Jason Evan's Clarity of Night flash fiction competition. The prompt was a photograph of a crystal glass filled with red wine and the title was "In Vino Veritas". Truth in Wine. Jason had a co-host for this competition - Jaye Wells, author of Red-Headed Stepchild, who herself was a former entrant of a Clarity of Night competition. I have a huge soft spot for Jason's blog and his competitions as it is the place where I took my first tentative steps into the world of writing and it is through him I have come to know so many of you. How Jason holds down a full time job, writes so much incredible poetry and fiction, manages several blogs (although alas the Book Roast is no more), takes breathtaking photos AND runs these competitions at regular intervals, is beyond me. (Rumour has it that he's a damn fine husband and father too). I can only assume he has wizard magic or he has learned how to bend time.
“The scientific community … has been concerned about this growing distrust in the public with science. And what I found in the study is basically that’s really not the problem. The growing distrust of science is entirely focused in two groups—conservatives and people who frequently attend church,” says the study’s author, University of North Carolina postdoctoral fellow Gordon Gauchat.
Um, Dave Robicheaux - I think James Lee Burke is just one of the most astonishing writers - forget about literary fiction, crime fiction, genre fiction - he’s just amazing, he’s got the soul of a poet. And every book just seems fresh to me, and very few people manage to create a series character where they can do that.
Whispering Hills by Taryn Browning on Tuesday,
disappeared every time I left
I look at the door, sees Yoochun stand there with a food tray. I felt angry. I glare at him.
The film adaptation of classic tv series, 21 Jump Street will not feature its main eventer star, Johnny Depp. But it will star an untalented Channing Tatum but very funny Jonah Hill. The film adaptation is about two no good cops going back to high school.
-Mongoose.
The 599 colleges that submitted greenhouse gas inventories reported CO2 emissions of 28 million metric tons, roughly as much as 2.58 million homes’ or 5.2 million passenger vehicles’ annual output. Three hundred and twenty six institutions set a target of achieving climate neutrality by 2050 or before, whilst 100 members have pledged neutrality by 2030. The ACUPCC is the third largest buyer of renewable energy credits in America, purchasing more than 1.28 billion kilowatt-hours annually.
10/23 - New York, NY - BB Kings
Where do I go from here?
These are the things that made me finally realize I'm truly grown up.
afternoon delights.
Rights – Equality
We did this activity for morning work today and the kids had fun with it. I got the poem from this book by Scholastic which I love... it has poems for EVERYTHING!!!! We do a poem each week for fluency and put them in our poetry notebooks. I have amassed a large collection of poetry books, but this one is my favorite!
Established in 2007 as a classic rock destination festival with the motto “life, liberty and the pursuit of rock,” Rocklahoma was revamped in 2010 as organizers teamed with AEG Live to create an event encompassing a much broader mix of classic, current and up-and-coming rock artists. In 2011, a record-breaking crowd of over 35,000 fans turned out for the festival, which raised over $10,000 for the American Red Cross as part of their tornado relief efforts in nearby Joplin, MO. The festival celebrates its 6th year in 2012.
I came up with a solution.
As the three girls rounded the bases, the crowd gave them all a standing ovation.
Tom created this epainting sitting in bed the other morning, looking down at the blue pool of hydrangeas beneath our window. In March, when we moved in, there were no clues about colour in the withered husks of last year’s flower-heads. Now, in a few short months, here they are in full bloom, purple from a distance but blue as you draw close.
“The gunmen who
Since my mom was up here anyway we were able to get a few family pictures done. Here’s a few:
I'm also trying to convince our six-year-old that having her own bedroom will be amazing and wonderful and full of pink (without shocking our senses.) One night I even made up a story about a princess (with her name) moving to a new castle (house.) That's how desperate I am for this transition to be a positive one.
I suppose after the smoke cleared and all the drama died down, we all learned a few timely and important lessons. My daughter learnt that you can’t hide anything from anyone these days when you post every thought online. I hope she also learned that she has plenty of time for boys, and that trust is given blindly only once. After breaking that trust it needs to be earned back.
Here is a couple of pix of the new super hero quilt that I made for MY little Superman, Wyatt. A wonderful friend gave me a bundle of Batman and Spiderman fabrics, and this is what I did with them. Wyatt absolutely adores any character that "fights bad guys", so these fabrics were right up his alley.
Wednesday the 5th of November (actual date)
The Nasi Goreng preparation will be lengthier, thus I wanted to spare you some time by listing its preparation and main ingredients below for quick view, and might consider creating another video podcast in the future.
In celebration of my last day at work, I brought Snickers blondies in honor of my co-workers, especially the Snickers aficionados among them. Taking pictures of baked goods is nice, but photos of friends enjoying them is even better.
Death is dark yet, a destined delight,
I used the director’s cut for this review, so I watched the best possible version in order to be absolutely fair. It did not help, which bugs me. Robert Wise directed one of my favorite films of all time, much less in the science fiction genre: TheDay the Earth Stood Still. I expected much better from him.
Bachelor’s degree (BA or BS) required
Canned peas. For some reason, I only love canned or fresh peas. Frozen peas are gross. My husband thinks they smell like dirty socks, but I'll eat them every now and then. I think I ate them so much growing up that I developed a strange love for them that hasn't died.
I hold onto Christine's hand until I'm up over the edge of the canal wall. I don't want to let go, but no that if I don't, I'll probably pull her in with me!
Even when I cannot live
I feel sad, yet relieved, as she is wheeled away. The three of us turn to head back to the cars. And then I wake up, 10 minutes before the alarm is set to go off.
Favorite Polishes: Almost any Flakie polish, OPI's Russian Navy, and China Glaze For Audrey.
9/18: Chicago, IL @ Metro *
6. My SUV
fashion media, marketing
Saturday morning was cooler but still pleasant and, with the event opening to the public at 11am, this gave the exhibitors a chance to both set up and look around the dealers' room as well as have a chat with some of the guests before the doors officially opened. Illustrator, artdroid and Scotch Cornerer Graeme Neil Reid (above left talking to Judge Burdis of the Hi-Ex Hell-Trek) is an old friend and I was behind his table as 11am brought the start of a very busy couple of hours as comics fans young and old, newbies and seasoned con-goers, streamed into the large room to see what they could find to buy.
How did this start? Where was the first point of infection? How can we stop the contamination from spreading?
Cream the butter with the sugars using an electric mixer on medium speed until fluffy and light in color (approximately 30 seconds). Beat in the egg and the vanilla extract.
I started writing funny emails called Ruminations to my friends in college (this was way back in 1997). Eventually those emails got forwarded, went viral, and landed me the first of four book deals. I still write those emails more than fourteen years later!
When we left I was a kid, now I’m a grownup. I have a college degree and a nice house in the suburbs of Houston. I have a wonderful wife and two beautiful children (happy third birthday, Vanilla Bean!). I have agood job and pay my taxes. I am, by any measure, a bowl of vanilla ice cream - not necessarily very exciting, but nice and predictable.
But now that some time has gone by, I'm definitely starting to see things differently. Cam is in the process of completing his rotational program with his company, and will be off-boarding in to a full-time position soon. It's extremely likely that we will be staying here in Tahoe for the indefinite future...and I'm honestly happy about it...something I couldn't have envisioned a few months ago. It's really nice to feel like I can finally start to invest myself more in this place knowing that we're not going to be moving right away. Hanging out with Natasha and Ryan and their friends Saturday was so much fun and it just reminded me that there really are nice people wherever you go. I'm looking forward to get to know more people, and I'm going to be attending a blogger meet-up in Sacramento in the beginning of June! Plus, we've been having such gorgeous sunny weather (just check out these pictures from last weekend!) and so I'm really looking forward to the summer here. (And I'm also excited that we already put the deposit down on our ski passes for next season!)
I asked Clark what material he wanted to make the flower magnets out of, and he chose felt (smart boy). Then he chose the colors he wanted to use for each of the grandma's flowers. We used my go baby! fabric cutter, and the rose of sharon die to cut out multiple felt flowers. We used between 3-4 different sizes of felt flowers for each magnet. We also used coordinating buttons for the flower centers, and used neodymium magnets for the centers. And can you believe that I busted out my glue gun for this project? Yep, no sewing machine required.
And what use can I make play of them
The Banker
4. I'm having a baby! Ok, well, not really having.....but getting! My girlfriend is due the end of July and has asked me to watch the little one when she goes back to work in Sept! I'm so excited! Boy or girl, no one knows! Psst, I already bought some cloth diapers to make fancy spit up cloths, a la Natalia over at Piece and Quilt.
Hello all !!
Rep. Paul Ryan (R-WI)
64. Renewed energy after my cold/flu
Regeneration of the Heavens and the Earth unto Christ’s Kingly Glory! You
P-I like the music my friends are making. Some of those bands are: Seabear, Sin Fang Bous, Dygn, Fanfarlo, Vio/Mire, Psykids Army.
I didn't receive any submissions this week, but as you all know, I will always answer questions via email. I thought I'd summarize two emails I received this week, since others may be having the same issues, and see what you all think!
This album is too freakin cool. The first track tricks you, with a classic soft psych track. From there it builds to become a pure punk psych gem. The lead singer is incredable with vocals that can be described as Mick Jagger meets Iggy Pop meets Lou Reed. Some of the tunes are kinda blues psych and some disply a Velvet Underground minimalizm. It's guaranteed to please even the staunchest 60s psych
Recently, I have spent most of my working day writing, enjoying the start of a new book, fresh new characters. Not entirely sure where it is going yet, but for me that is part of the experience and joy. So, you may ask, what is the problem?
(My man is of few words….one of the reasons I fell in love with this man-boy, and still so in love with !) *blush*
Even at the age of ten I knew that Nutella was not a healthy food. It was delicious, creamy, rich and eaten on special occasions. That's not to say I don't eat it - I do. But in moderation and as a treat. Like spread on warm, just from the oven croissants after a long run....
Picture 11&12 Beat DK in attic 6
Good Morning !!
And if Streisand won't sing at a fund-raiser for Barack Obama, which she did in 2008, will she use her platform to promote his re-election?
I'm reasonably sure that this is my first Gil Hodges card; it's certainly my first vintage card of the slugger. He just seems like one of the cooler players of his era, though I tend to be a sucker for hulking slugging first basemen: Jimmie Foxx, Frank Howard, Boog Powell, Ted Kluszewski, you name it.
We are in year 24 out of 25 years since Harmonic Convergence of 1987…. in these times of chaos, our planet has been bombarded with a staggering amount of toxins… much more than the public is aware… consider:
Test if the apple is "done " ( = soft )- this can take quite a bit of time.( so say make it at least 40 minutes).
The marks share similar, but distinguishable, meanings and commercial impressions because they are suggestive of network security hardware and software. Under such circumstances, the prior use and registration of a suggestive term should not preclude the subsequent registration of a similarly suggestive, but otherwise distinguishable mark, for related goods.
The corrective is to begin to “awake and arouse your faculties” (Alma 32:27) and to look “forward with an eye of faith” (Alma 32:40), creating the image of God, even that of Jesus Christ the Son of God hanging upon the cross, through your imagination, and to keep that image always super-imposed on all that you see.
an angel's kiss upon my eyes,
it can be done!!
lived in a magic world animating nature, natural
In addition to recycling scrap metal, automotive aftermarket companies, including auto repair shops, manufacturers, distributors, retailers and jobbers, routinely recycle tires, batteries, used oil and oil filters, parts cleaning solvents, plastics, cardboard and paper, a/c refrigerant, dunnage and wood pallets.
Looking forward to seeing your hand colored cards for your mom! The link will open at the end of the month, but if you have a mother's day card you'd like to share early, just post it in the comments! Thanks for playing along!!
1. Minnesota Lynx
I want to export coffee to benefit local farmers and provide an organic alternative to the Starbucks mess we have back home. The bureaucratic structure here has destroyed those dreams. Disappointment is part of the PC experience.
AdriN2001: Sorry yo
25. The average human will eat 8 spiders while asleep in their lifetime.
There is no such thing as slapping a nail up here!
I should mention: we got split up into three groups (of 5, 5, and 6), were given bus fare, and were sent out on our own to take buses into the city. It wasn't really that hard, but it could have been really scary if we got lost. We don't have cell phones or anything, of course.
The mighty mouthful was prepared by Oscar’s Diner, an American-themed burger bar in Telford, Shropshire.
description of Hans Castorp's reaction to hearing the Russian couple's lovemaking -- avoidance, attempted escape, embarrassment -- 40: "And he began to blush through the powder; for what he had all along seen coming was come, and the game had passed over quite frankly into the bestial." -- all from within Hans Castorp's point of view
206 David Holmes Gritty Shaker (Our Latin Thing Remix)
“The growth of Pints for Prostates has been encouraging to watch,” said Thomas Kirk, President and CEO of Us TOO International, which is based in Downers Grove, Ill. “Our mission and program goal is to educate and empower men and their family members so men and their loved ones can take an active role in their health care. With Pints for Prostates we are able to reach a whole new group of men with a critical health message. The more men we reach, the more lives will be saved.”
Soon the guards became aware that our severely burnt comrade was healing, whereupon they stormed into our cell and dragged him out, took him to one of the nearby trees, made him hold the trunk and thrust him head first into the tree time after time, until his burn wounds again burst open into a terrible mess. He fell unconscious to the ground and in this state was savagely beaten about the head and face with sticks. When the guards were too exhausted to carry on, they dragged his body away, alive or dead I could not say, but he disappeared for good, almost certainly to a shallow grave. (p.97)
It is pretty cool....it really does look like a piece of art. His little face now stares at us while we watch TV. I am excited because this is the beginning of a photo wall that has been 1,000 years in the making. I am shopping on West Elm today for frames and will, of course, keep you guys updated. I promise!
“While the second man was raping the woman,” Menoe tells, “she had to listen to her little girl’s screams, as the third suspect had gone into her room and raped the four year-old.”
Brownsville girl you’re my honey love.
Ever needed the original Alice in Wonderland photographic look?
Now, let’s face it: Us dumb-shit peons don’t understand monetize. But we WILL understand it when hyperinflation hits, because that is exactly where we are heading when we print money we haven’t got the assets to cover. Printing money results in the dollar being worth squat. The less the dollar is worth, the more you will have to pay for silly things like bread, heat, shelter and other annoying habits you seem to have acquired.
7And there was war in heaven: Michael and his angels fought against the dragon; and the dragon fought and his angels,
So we are very pleased to hear that only a week into their campaign they haven't just reached their target of $1000 but are now over the $1200 mark. This will allow them to reprint issues 1, 2 and 3 as well as finance their attendance at more conventions and comic marts over the next year.
The tan lasted little over a week on my skin, and after 1-2 showers I think it looked the most natural and pretty ♡
Are you smiling already? Well, good! Weird Things Customers Say in Bookshops is published by Constable & Robinson, and is hitting shop shelves near you round about NOW! And remember - be nice to your friendly local bookseller. You never know who's listening... ; )
Both the National Employers and UNISON and Unite will enter into these negotiations constructively with the aim of securing an employment package which is fit for the future with positive industrial relations, high quality and efficient local services and resolves the current dispute”
I have to focus my gaze slightly away from the falling, flying snow to see them as individuals
The following are links to more information on the function of an effective social media manager and creative social media teams:
I have loved rub ons since I first discovered them. And it makes me sad that so many companies are not making them or are phasing them out. Rub ons are one of my favorite parts of the layered look! And coupled with overlays (and clear stickers) rub ons are even higher on my "fun-ness" scale!
It is important to frequently was your face, especially if you have been sweating. To make cleansing easier while you are out and about, always keep a package of facial wipes with you. This way, you can wipe bacteria and dirt from your face without using a sink. Though these types of cleansing wipes are very convenient and easy to use, they should not replace your morning cleanser.
“Listen. I grew up here. This is where we lived. And I come up here alone every year and I try to understand it but I never can. And I come alone and I think I’m OK but then I get depressed and I think about coming back here and killing myself,” he said.
While I only attended a dozen Occupy Portland demonstrations, I was consistently impressed that people were getting the message out about the maniacal distribution of wealth and power, despite the heroic efforts of the media to vilify the movement. My heart was also warmed when many of my cohort of social workers withdrew their money from the big banks and put it credit unions–go social workers!
Many writing gurus tell you to keep a first novel simple by going with first person, past tense. This approach has worked for thousands of first novels (including mine, 2002’s Holy Hell), but I say go for whatever feels right to you, simple or not. I do, however, recommend that you select present or past tense and stick with it. Similarly, I advise against flashbacks and flash-forwards for first novels. Not that they can’t work, but they seem to be off-putting to agents and editors, who will invariably ask, “Couldn’t this story be told without altering the time-space continuum?”
The studio is the main building with roof fanlights and is a lovely stone building with exposed wood rafters. I think there were 8 of us for the workshop but the day was so busy that there was barely time to say hi.
In that
The key word in separation is “holy.” Holy (kadosh in Hebrew) is the action of separating. It is tied in with judgement, which means I separate. When I judge, I make one thing holy, I make another thing not holy. Of course, one should understand God calls us to be a holy people who are set apart from the rest of the world.
After the story, I stated that we can often learn important lessons from stories and asked what they thought this story could be teaching. A four-year old boy, raised his hand and when I called on him, said, “This story is telling us that it is very important to be ourselves.”
Date a girl who reads because you deserve it. You deserve a girl who can give you the most colorful life imaginable. If you can only give her monotony, and stale hours and half-baked proposals, then you’re better off alone. If you want the world and the worlds beyond it, date a girl who reads.
But it also has led to an influx of protestors and other public figures who claim to want to make a difference. Think Linda Ronstadt. Or Shakira. And now Jeff Adachi.
I did a theatrical performance about puns. It was a play on words.
OK for anyone that has had the band a while ( a year for me ) and does not really eat anything in the morning and usually eats a cup of food or so, when you get 3cc removed it is like WTF!!! I felt hungry, I mean hungry, real nunger for the first time in a year so I went a little crazy I admit, I ate bagels for breakfast..bagels at 8am ?? Ar you kidding me? I haven't had an untoasted bagel in a year....but I could eat this at 8am!! I had bread for lunch, I had bread for dinner...so although I was glad I could eat anything and as much of it as I wanted i knew I was going to be in trouble...I decided to bite the bullet and call band drs office to see if they would give me some of a fill back.
“Well? Are you dating her, dad?”
Women love to be understood; Romance springs from sacrifice & planning, not from convenience; Intimacy with your wife is the icing on the cake at the end of a good day, NOT the fire escape at the end of a bad day; A little help goes a long way.
Meanwhile, the troika (International Monetary Fund, European Central Bank and the European Commission) likely will pay a visit in June to check on Greece’s finances, which worsen by the day.
Posters for the film (which depict the diminutive Sarkozy perched on a stool, legs dangling) went up last week and everyone I've seen has been on one of these boards attached to a flagpole. (There's even one just across the street from the Elysee.) I haven't seen one in the subway, on a bus shelter, or on a Morris column. Coincidence?
So What I did, I went and asked them, “why a website when you can see the schedules in the paper?”
If our nation is ever going to be back on the right track, we’re going to have to quit looking at all of these issue through such an ideological (or religious) spectrum, and instead start to think (like the president has done in the circumstance) about the broad impact it will have on the citizens in this country. Good work President Obama (and I’m honestly not trying to put my finger in the eye of religion) for standing up for the interests of the people, instead of for political interests.
Nineteen Eighty-five
This past Friday night was her first time. She had played a bit of V-Ball at her school in gym, but that is nothing compared to how these girls play. They had placed her with the younger kids because she hadn't played much, so she learned how to serve and volley. She worked muscles she didn't even know she had, so she was a bit sore, but still had a lot of fun.
The scene is here, two minutes, eighteen seconds in. You have to wait for the thirteen-second Breaking Bad trailer to end but now I've watched it enough that I'm intrigued to watch that show too. Maybe I'll add it to my queue.
Mexican President Calderón’s offensive against the drug cartels has had widespread effects on journalists, especially those along the border with the United States. Sidney Weintraub and Duncan Wood write that “[t]he rising violence of the conflict between the Mexican state and the cartels in the border regions of northern Mexico and the increasing lack of security for reporters are limiting the ability of the Mexican media to cover antinarcotics activities.” Journalists are ill-protected by law enforcement, hampering their ability to report on the violence and illegal activity in the border regions. The relationship between journalists and the government is suffering as a result, as Douglas Farah writes: “As the violence in Mexico has spread, so has journalists’ distrust of the government and the security forces, amid an overall feeling of isolation. There is the broad perception that the Calderón administration is more worried about its international image than the safety of journalists….” On the bright side, however, Mexican government officials claim that the increased violence might in fact be an indication that the offensive will be successful in the long run, as Nathan Jones notes it comprises “part of a larger story of the Mexican government pulling out of the business of drug trafficking. Cartels are today fighting with each other for fewer points of entry into the United States and responding to the government with violence.” The more the government disengages from drug trafficking and corruption, the better the chances of eradicating drug violence in the long term, so this at least seems to be a step in the right direction. Needless to say, however, the Calderón strategy of fighting fire with fire against the drug cartels in the border regions has been controversial. Whether or not the strategy is successful in the long run, there is no denying that the resulting violence has affected the role of journalists in borderland presses.
studio-george.com
I didn’t like Reth, but I did love Evie. She’s so fun, and yet there were times I wanted to hug her. She just wants to be normal, which I think is something we can all relate to.
The Newsflesh Trilogy. I love zombies. I can't get enough of zombies. But I don't read just any zombie books. They have to be well-written books with great characters and engaging plots that just happen to contain zombies. If the people in them don't actually HAVE any brains worth eating, I'm outta there. These books are fabulous, and topical - they take place in a near future in which bloggers are prime players in the news. In this future, two vaccines (which cured cancer and the common cold) have combined to generate a virus which is dormant in everyone, but results in zombification after death, with the added bonus that anyone can also undergo 'amplification' at any moment and zombify spontaneously. Also, everyone names their kids George or Georgia (after George Romero) or Buffy. Wait, that makes it sound stupid but it's actually not. Of course, the third book isn't out yet, so you can only give them the first two books and then they might actually try to eat your brain when they realize they have to wait until June 2012 for the third, so maybe wait until next year.
And it goes further… after the sad, senseless loss of a young friend, killed in Afghanistan, something we are still coming to terms with, after his funeral, we have once more realised how intertwined our lives all are, how we can touch the lives of many, some we do not even know… especially nowadays, with internet, phones AND the wonderful medium that is PHOTOGRAPHY! Many people can be touched by an image, we heard again...
The young man knew he'd be no good at pacing in a waiting room..........
1 unlocking
These three words are harder to say than those.
It’s also possible that some objects in your life are body snarking. Magazines with monthly articles about getting rid of wrinkles before they start, or heightening both your butt and hair 2 inches apiece have the same body negative infiltrating power as body snarking friends. That clothing item in your closet that last fit a few months or years ago that you refuse to donate or throw away? Every time you open your closet, that thing of your past blasts you with body snarking.
Mr Kipling: “Why are you so scared?”
E:barbies
First, Kinship. Random hey? Rereading Kinship, it strokes me in the face: I look at the top card of my library before my draw step every turn! Surely there is an abundance of ways to remove useless card I see like an Etherwrought page sort of effect, the kind found on Lurking informant. Think about Call of the wild, Charmed pendant or even Deranged assistant if you can use this mana at instant speed. If you have multiple kinship triggers, then Hair-strung koto allows you to tap those creatures to ensure your first draw is always a miracle card. You have perfect control over Mindshrieker’s milling and will always be able to Predict your next card. Go Kinship!!
Here’s a little sample of Phillip Glass’ Opera, “Einstein on the Beach” which uses numerics and solfege syllables more than actual “text” for the libretto. It seemed appropriate for this discussion of process over reductionism.
“What? You hate the people of Darfur? You racist ******!”
Here is a picture of the Easter baskets I mentioned at the bottom of this post (I used clay pots instead of "baskets" for Easter baskets this year). I forgot to take a "before" picture without children with the pots plain with goodies in them. This is (obviously!) after the dc painted them. I have the varnish and the dirt to FINALLY get my strawberries, cucumbers, and such container-potted. Poor plants are barely hanging on in their tiny nursery pots. It didn't occur to me to tell them *not* to paint inside the pots and 2 have paint inside. I'm not sure how to deal with this. I think I'll varnish the outside and then try to wash off the paint from the inside before planting. By the way, I got 'made in the USA' clay pots at Wal-Mart so I'm thinking that there won't be any lead or nasties in our 'organic' container garden.
So for the next three decades we continued to host Christmas in our home. I got better at decorating, cooking, gifting…the works. Some years the place would be packed and crazy. A few years were thinner and quieter. But family, friends and neighbors could always count on the fact that the Carlson’s would be “doing something for Christmas.” It was a no-brainer.
These cover places of worship (e.g. temples, churches and mosques etc), civic and community institutions (e.g. police stations, community clubs, old folks homes, libraries etc), and educational institutions.
If you're a captain of enterprise (or work for a captain of enterprise) and end up out of town, chances are you'll need a ride somewhere. Cabs are dirty and unworthy for Highly Paid Important People, so it's up to the livery industry to provide them with luxury chauffeured wheels.
We had one visitor, Lisa Stanton
I had to quickly put away my groceries, clean up the kitchen and vacuum because my awesome kids were coming over with dinner. My daughter made homemade enchiladas that were so delicious. I have one for my lunch tomorrow. It may not make it that long. My son brought a German Chocolate cake, which is one of my favorites. We got to sit and have a leisurely dinner together and have a nice long talk about life. I am so lucky for my kids and I told them how proud I was that they never got into any real trouble and that they both turned out so well. I thank God for them. I have felt so privileged to be their mother. (and Liesl's momma, too.)
main solar fin of the Rebel craft to disintegrate.
Daily exercise is not mandatory for young chicks, but it is mandatory for me as a way to get both the chicks and my kids out of the house.
Topping (this makes extra - you can try cutting it down if you want):
Other conflicts upcoming this week and later this month are an only three times a season sport competition on the same day as World Championships for FIRST Robotics. I felt a World Championship in an academic area of my son's career interest trumped a regional sports competition for a first year athlete in a sport (that is not going to be his career), but the decision was not made lightly as my son's absence means his quad cannot row and they'll have to break up into doubles and a single.
NOW who wants to talk about 2012 ! ughh NOT ME!, so I will make this BRIEF!.. July 1st SPRING camp goes on sale, and I have VERY EXCITNG JEWELRY CLASSES being taught there ! WAIT until you see who is TEACHING for 2 DAYS!! … drum roll..
Michael Jackson, the beloved king of pop, has been making music for most of his life. Starting in his family band, the Jackson 5, MJ has been gracing the tippy tops of the music charts for several decades. With his first album release in 1971, MJ has approximately 750 million records in the duration of his life.
- Paid our tv licence bill in advance until September 2011
I am disorientation, stirring shadows, panic
Fiat has worked really hard to erase any bad feelings about their owning the Chrysler Corporation. They recently redesigned the Dodge Charger and Chrysler 300 (awesome job, guys!), plus they redesigned the Dodge Durango and they also freshened the Chrysler Sebring (now Chrysler 200) and the Dodge Avenger. Just to top that off, they redesigned the Jeep Grand Cherokee, and freshened the rest of the Jeep line. If that wasn’t enough, they just brought back the SRT (previously Dodge) Viper. Nice!
46Then Paul and Barnabas without fear said, It was necessary for the word of God to be given to you first; but because you will have nothing to do with it, and have no desire for eternal life, it will now be offered to the Gentiles.
Hooray and Merry Christmas!
there's only one way to handle those motherfuckers.
Mumsy and Furkids humans also have another blog, Mumsy’s ramblings and on their last post are pictures of many beautiful red cardinals visiting their garden. I confess, I wish we had this species in our area, but alas, this is not to be so.
The rest of the supporting cast is quite well done, especially Dr. Barlow, a lady zoologist who ends up on the Leviathan, bossing everyone around and making Deryn nervous. She’s intelligent and mysterious, and, since Deryn is undercover, allows us to see how women are treated in this era. Deryn is suspicious of “boffins”, scientists, and Alek’s sexism colors how he sees Dr. Barlow. Again, the way Westerfeld balances the sexism and the classism is really well done.
For the record, I love zebra print. I think it is quite possibly one of the most beautiful and enduring graphic prints in existence. However, real zebra hide rugs creep me out. There is just something about seeing the poor animal’s mane and holes where the eyes once were that feels wrong to me. Yes, I eat meat and wear leather, but there’s something about using one of nature’s most beautiful creatures as a rug that doesn’t quite jive for me. I just had to say it.
Nicholas W. Brandemarti, 21, Mantua, N.J.
The Brantingham church, dedicated to All Saints is a delicate Norman and Perpendicular revival church last rebuilt in the late 1870s but there have been vicars and priests recorded in the locale since the thirteenth century. The registers go back to 1690. It is lovingly tended with a neat graveyard just to the north of the village. It was a lovely still place to sit and contemplate for an hour.
"Wow, that's interesting!" said Miss Anderson. She'd have to keep an eye on this kid. He must be smart.
Bluebells also produce a sticky sap which was used for fletching arrows and binding books in ages past when arrows and books were everyday items. The bulbs themselves were also ground into a starchy powder used for…get ready for it…starching Elizabethan lace ruffs.
1. This giveaway is for our Followers. If you haven't already, click the Fans of Wild About Nature Follow button. Leave a comment letting us know that you are a Follower.
The house is cleaner, I’m snacking on a grapefruit as a break before doing more housecleaning, and my tummy/head feels over 90% alright. 100% would be great but these days I shoot for more than 90%. My doctor’s appointment got kicked back until who knows when because the test administrator is “not well” and “will call me at a later date to reschedule”. Oh, how thoughtful. If I think about that too much I get angry and realize how my health still sucks, so… next subject!
Our favorite librarian, Robin, told us last week that yesterday was "Talk like a Pirate Day". She also told us to come back to the library to do some fun pirate crafts and goodies! My kids are all about the crafts! One of the main things I love about Melton Public Library is their amazing kids section. I fell in love with it when we first went there. Mrs. Robin is so good about having fun things for the kids to do too. She is such a bubbly person and the perfect librarian for children. She always has a big, beautiful smile on her face.
nearly no sleep.
Ethan's Pulmonary Function Tests (PFTs) were not really where they would have liked him to be. We are assuming/hoping that it was because of him just getting over a cold. We will be heading into Oahu, at the end of June, to do the PFTs again and see if his results are better then.
I continued on to search for patterns and such that I liked and thought I could do. Finally I made one. The pic of it is posted on my fb. (There's a link on the side of this blog to my albums there.) It looked good but didn't quite turn out right. I also started on another one. I don't even at this moment remember what weave it was but, it very quickly frustrated me and I have left it in my "experiments to be finished at a later date" box.
Rnd 1: ch 3 (counts as 1st dc throughout), 9 dc in ring; join with sl st to 1st dc (10 dc)
I cannot answer this question any better than this!
The Nightmare.
So, now we are down to 11 days until our son ships out...
On 21 November 1992, it was unanimously agreed that the club should be called “November Club”. A motion put on the table by Councillor the Simple, and carried by Councillors Bulky and Beckinside, to change the name to just "Club" was defeated 22-12.
“Last week, the New York City Council restored important capital funding for the implementation of the 2006 Solid Waste Management Plan (SWMP). During recent Preliminary Budget discussions, the administration proposed a budget that all but gutted SWMP by eliminating funding for critical infrastructure, and delaying that funding as far into the future as Fiscal Year 2019.
Numpang was never charged with “mischief by fire” as was informed by Choo.
Because what I need to be doing right now, in addition to regular work and trying to get my short film off the ground – and I cannot describe to you how many quarts of blood sweat and tears are going into that – is to convince a publisher to display my weakest writing for the whole world, if not to see, to have the possibility of seeing.
I apologize.
Originally selected by the Blackhawks in the third round (59th overall) of the 1983 Entry Draft, Bergevin spent 20 seasons in the National Hockey League as a defenseman, collecting 181 points (36G, 145A) in 1,191 games with Chicago (1984-89), the New York Islanders (1989-90), Hartford Whalers (1990-92), Tampa Bay Lightning (1992-95, 2002-03), Detroit Red Wings (1995-96), St. Louis Blues (1996-2001, 2001-02), Pittsburgh Penguins (2000-01, 2002-04) and Vancouver Canucks (2003-04).
Cunning, huh? Because what's missing from this ratio, is the profits being made and remade and re-remade year in year out by the rich and the super-rich. Where's all that?
Because that 1% of books is what self-publishing was made for, and what will, ultimately, once Amazon has squeezed the regular “indie” authors back into the New Model Mainstream, be the ultimate reputation-saver for self-publishing.
Than yesterday
As Juan ages, he grows to be, the epitome of tall,dark and handsome. At some point, Gabriella joins Molly in admiring Juan. The physical attraction is dangerous, considering, that Gabriella and Gilberto have always had a thing for each other. The chemistry taking place in the group of friends, only complicates things. Juan is not afraid to take action, when it comes to the object of his affection. Although, he respects the relationship Gabriella and Gilberto have, he doesn’t hesitate to put it all on the line.
...You cannot build islands of socialism in a sea of capitalism. And workers' management of a commercial concern operating in that sea deprives the workers of the strength of union organisation directed against management...Real workers' management is for the socialist future.”
My only other activity for the week included a physical therapy session, walking around Lincoln Park Zoo, walking to get ice cream (which promptly negated most of the other walking), and hauling boxes from place to place. All of which was fine with me.
Hello. Today I decided that I would start a blog about my journey through recovery from drugs and alcohol, from addiction, anything outside myself that made me feel better, and get out of that person I was.
Having seen how Ministers behaved when drafting the Infant Formula and Follow-on Formula Regulations, I question this statement.
Feathers ruffled
10. THE BOOK OF ADVENTURES by Douglas Kolacki
This is worth repeating: a black heart sporting a bedazzled Darth Vader.
2 lemons, squeezed
Wanted to go surfin’
“Thought you’d never ask.”
You can see what the TV show is about here:
Creepy Halloween stories/movies that have the same lame plot.
I love your blogs! I love your comments!
Eggnog Bundt
For now, take a look at these DARLING creations our Design Team whipped up for you today! We'll have more inspiration tomorrow and Saturday too, so be sure to check back and see what we've been up to. Our release party will have TONS of prizes, fun chit chat with our design team, and challenges to get your mojo going while you wait for your Peachies!!
Above and beyond any system-based cues regarding the difficulty of opponents (level systems, the Brute/Henchman/Villain set up in Wick’s 7th Sea, etc.) , a GM should consider and inform players where their group will fall on the foodchain of the campaign. For me, I separate campaigns into one of three strata: Little Fish, Medium Fish, and Big Fish.
Combine eggs, sugar, lemon juice and butter in top pan of a double boiler placed over simmering water. Beat mixture constantly until thickened, about 15 minutes. Allow lemon curd to cool slight then stir in lemon extract, cream and mint leaves. Cover and refrigerate until very cold.
"We don't right now. We're all out," he smiled broadly. "But I'll bake some and have it ready for you in 40 minutes. Promise to come back?"
The missive also served as four forms of spiritual works of mercy in a) instructing the ignorant (one who does not know about a truth or truths), b) comforting the sorrowful, c) counseling the doubtful and d) praying for the living.
I just want to say a huge WELL DONE to everyone that ran the 26 mile marathon, as well as the mini 3 mile marathons yesterday at London.
Mr. Baseball
In 2006: 17th National Poetry Slam in Austin, Texas:
Thomas, Matt and Molly's youngest son, received
It was Saturday night and my siblings and I were eager to watch a kid's movie.
Looking towards my day today, I am holding onto that sense of my self. I do not need to accommodate everyone else’s “threads” and weave then into some beautiful tapestry of “family”. There is a time and place for that, of course. And, I have taken the last 48 hours weaving my husband’s and his two children’s two threads into my tapestry and the tapestry of family that they so desire. For the next 12 hours as least, I will be weaving my own common thread.- that part of my life I enjoy without kids, alone. because, my thread is just as essential to the weaving as those of everyone else.
I have always been in support of strikes and unions; regardless of their inconvenience. If people feel they have been wronged, under paid, treated unfairly -- they are able to express this without worrying about their job security. All while getting paid very little.. bit over a 100$/week.. strikes happen for a reason.
YouTube is an online media source where people post videos, whether personal or professional. You can find wonderful tutorials on how to interview, write a resume, as well as crazy people doing dumb stuff.
Vegetable shortening
“Either those conducting the Drug War are lunatics, or they have another purpose.”
So, here's how the contest works: I get to test out a piece of Su Casa's furniture for a month. I will be writing about my experience from purchase to delivery to cohabitation with my new piece all the way until the tearful goodbye.
My husband Kurt’s results were fine, he just needed some treatment. Barry’s results were, frankly, shocking. Barry was diagnosed with cancer. But Barry is a special guy. Throughout all of his treatment, the ups and downs, and life style changes (would you call it a life style change Barry?) Barry has shared on his blog.
Yes, we threw out Saddam and the Taliban, interrupted a lot of bomb plots, and killed a lot of high-ranking terrorists. Those are significant accomplishments, and not to be minimized.
Be sure to ask your representatives to cosponsor H.R. 3553:
From ICFD website:
As I have focused on following God more intently it has led me through some interesting experiences:
How did I buy this particular bracelet?
The military salutation of the PCCTS, Knights Templar is the clenched fist salute.
What's interesting about Pinterest is more the trend toward the type of network setup more than anything else. There's also The Fancy and minglewing. The Fancy seems to be more higher-end, big dream kind of stuff that describes itself as "a place to express yourself around things you see that you find interesting". Minglewing calls itself a "public discussion board" with loads of social reposting options.
While you're there have a peek at the fabulous inspiration from the Ladybugs.
"It's a balance, like everything in writing of course," I mused.
Grease well a 9×13 casserole dish.
Board of Directors, Charlotte Culinary Institute
My beautiful goddaughter is finally here! Presley Adelheid Gisele was born on March 28th, 2012 to Shayla and Kevin Jiles of Dallas, Texas! The tiny princess came into the world weighing just 7 pounds 9 ounces measuring 20 ½ inches long.
If I win or lose a round.
Let me know what you think in the comments. Do you have a vote for a favorite height? (not that I'll be able to talk the hubs into moving it again). Thanks for stopping by!
“Who lied to them?”
51. 20 year reunion...Can't be possible!!!!
Health and Fitness Expo at the Hynes Convention Center
sums up why you don't want to see them!
"I'm with you Moon! Waiting for my moment!"
A celebration of your mother's birthday and lovely faces
then hold no opinions for or against anything.
Someone jostled him, almost knocking him off his feet, and he looked around. Two of the guardsmen were running for the door and Pevan was gone. So was Van Raighan. The Sherriff was shouting. The front of his brain felt like frozen fog. What was going on?
So when Obama says (as he did just a few nights ago, while “slow-jamming” the news with Jimmy Fallon) that those on the right want to pay back the national debt only as long as it doesn’t include taxing billionaires, remember that it was Obama who put his signature to a bill that cost the country nearly 900 billion dollars for the sake of easing the burden on the nation’s wealthiest.
no matter what time
I LOVE seeing them play together.
JOEY’S MYSTERY NOVEL:
If the answer to most of these questions is no, it’s a safe bet to assume you’re in an office. That said, if your answer to most of these questions is yes, and you know you’re in an office, it’s safe to assume you might need a new job.
The sparks flew, as my pegs touched ground,
Now, some mothers would have run away screaming after hearing words like that (really, really bad mothers) but not me. Instead, I became bionic mom. I whipped a plastic bag out of my backpack and had it in front of my son's face before the first wave. I caught that sh*t like a gangster.
"IN SHOCK"
Back when shaman were largely considered back-seat healers to the much more competitive paladins and priests, even the elitest of the elite agreed that this gimmicky fight was tailor-made for the resto shaman toolbox. And it wasn’t just our mastery that made us kings here, it was the combination of mastery, our perfectly-sized small and fast yet efficient heals (riptide+riptide-buffed healing waves), Earth Living’s HOT, and our heavy burst potential on collapse phases. Oh, and the fact that Spirit Link Totem’s healing effect isn’t really considered healing so a carefully dropped totem can “heal” a tank with the mortality debuff.
As the sun rose further, the mist began to burn off, swirling in those pockets of sheltered vale where the air was still and the sun’s reach weaker. The patterns left in the air look like currents in a slothfully meandering stream.
Natalie Wood
tiny, separate flakes the next
Retro Outlaw will be releasing the ultimate in mashups as they take infamous Star Wars bounty hunter, Boba Fett, and cross him with iconic daredevil, Evel Knievel, to produce a 12” vinyl “Evel Fett” figure (cane included!)!
Don’t you remember
Nothing can beat, when you stop for a cold lassi after that.
Mobile phones can transform the way rural farmers in developing countries get information to better manage their crops and animals. Today, Grameen Foundation announced a new collaboration with MasterCard Worldwide that will develop new mobile applications for rural farmers in Colombia.
Seventeen days, tossed into oblivion with one sentence! Sweet!
The weather has been very cloudy for the past days with spots of rain every now and then. What does overcast days mean for photographers? A great time for macro photo shoot! A good location is the Singapore Botanic Gardens.
About ½ cup crabmeat, for garnish (optional)
17. Save Us
"But the marriage certificate is what I used to change my name."
But even in RII, Shakespeare is setting the stage for one of his greatest characters ever: Prince Hal, the future Henry V. For in Act V, scene iii of RII, (now-)King Henry asks:
Finally, Art or Idiocy? is in no way required to provide any sort of platform or soapbox for others to air their own personal grievances, chemical imbalances, rants, raves or fatwas. Especially when they are in direct opposition to our own evil agenda(s).
'Cos we've passed our EU quota-oh!
Best just check the White chocolate just to be sure. To my amazement the white chocolate was better with the wine. Oh no I would have to vote for both.
Stamps: Oh So Sweet, Teeny Tiny Wishes, Button Buddies, Little Additions
I, too, have been cast in to my own personal hell. My naturopath informs me that pomegranates are inflammatory to my blood type (AB positive).
These cookies are chock full of morning goodness: protein; whole grain; fiber; and because I'm me, a few chocolate chips. There's nothing sneaky about these cookies. Sometimes the girls help make them. They know what's in them.
However, it's important to remember that no brain activity was recorded in this study, and that several leaps have to be made to arrive at this conclusion. That said, it does fit nicely with recent studies looking at brain connectivity in autism.
Helps us reach our objective in the future
So here's what I have been doing when I have free time--working on the book, heavily. This will be an e-book that I'll sell and advertise on Ravelry, a collection of my sock designs, hopefully about 12 of them. I'm halfway through them now. The book's title? "Keep It Simple Socks." Each design's stitch pattern will keep you interested but will also stick in your brain. When I make socks, I like to have patterns that I can memorize because socks always go with me and I don't want to have to stare at a chart constantly.
4) Dust both sides of the chicken with flour. Dip the chicken into the egg mixture and then coat with nutty mixture.
What will the new year bring us? Last year was pretty busy. In no particular order, I
FY 2009 – $824 billion
Zuhtu Ibis, 25, Clifton, N.J.
“It’s just a small project,” says Lisa,” but when I say to the elders: This is from my village to yours, they know exactly what I mean. In fact, they think I must be Afghan.
Happy list making! :)
and I will be sending the cards as soon as I get them.
8) Others stumble with us. Beth says, “We all stumble in many ways, when a teacher stumbles, she is apt to be charged a group rate.” (pg. 112)
One of the reasons I love this recipe is because I don't have to deal with the frying pan. I always get nervous when I fry things because of all the oil that bubbles and pops; not to mention the stench it leaves in the house and in my hair and clothes. These baked up nicely in the oven without me having to worry about them. I'll definitely be making these again and again.
She is super outgoing and very strong willed.
The image is from a retired Stampin' Up set and I stamped it using Memento Tuxedo black ink. I didn't shade it in as I liked the "old" and worn out look with the black against the inked edges. I used some twine and brown rustic buttons to finish off the design.
Along with the "everyone has to start somewhere" fallacy, the "you have to know someone" myth is one of the most pernicious, because it convinces many writers that it's not even worth trying for commercial publication. Instead of boldly querying the top agents who can get their manuscripts onto the desks of editors at big publishing houses, or going direct to the reputable independent publishers that accept unagented submissions, many writers who buy into this myth confine their queries to amateur or track-recordless agents, or decide to self-publish, or approach only micro-presses. Of course, while hooking up with an amateur agent is never a good move, self- or micro-press publication can be entirely appropriate in the right circumstances. But if you have commercial ambitions, it's probably not the best place to start--especially if you haven't even given the commercial route a chance. You'll never know whether you could have succeeded if you don't try.
It didn’t take much coaching to get my little Iris up for the task at hand; suck and fuck some more.
“I have a pair of Louboutins that are so cripplingly painful – but I’m trying to ease myself into them gently, wearing them for a few minutes every now and again.”
Yes, in the absence of cash, the $1 postage stamp is the universal prison currency.
As the interpretation of The Hanged Man that came with the quiz was really quite profound, or at least I thought so, I thought I would share the link with you.
Materials used
Today you are in for a "real" treat. I've asked Lauren from Where The Style Things Are, to give us all some insider dish. Lauren is not only a fashion and style blogger, but she's also a New York City freelance fashion editor that has worked for some major mags. (The girl is bonafide.) Here's her spin on the latest and greatest trends in fashion.
"My agent," he says, "asked what were other things I might like to do that I wasn't doing and I thought, ‘Well, I'm a game show fan. I love the way the hosts can interact with contestants.’ And I said, 'I'd love to host a prime time game show.' I didn't think anyone would take me seriously. But not only did they, they designed a show I feel I was born to do. It's perfect for me."I'm not sure if I see Guy in a sitcom, but I sure can see him doing a voice for a Pixar film, eh? Haha!
Chipboards : Fancy Hearts, Mirror - All by Kaisercraft; Rose Stem, Mini Wire Dress Form, Mini Corner #2 - All by Dusty Attic
List ends – more research required by traveler.
There are many sheep whose inclination is to wander off from the flock and become prey for predators, to be obstinate and un-teachable, to butt and bite the other sheep, to become “cast down” so that they can’t get up without help, or to become sickly from eating the wrong food.
Everyone around us
In other news, me and the boys have been barricaded in the house for the past few days doing some, ahem, training of another kind. I'm not going into details, but let me just say to the Moms out there, the 3 Day Potty Training Method actually, honestly works! (I owe the lady who wrote it some very huge thanks!) So while we've been hanging at home, I've been getting little odd jobs done including adding to my inspiration board down in the gym a bit...
Rumford Complete Cook Book, 1934
The first is a book which was published by Matthew Marks Gallery and Steidl in 2007 and can be found at a very cheap price on some remainder tables in Europe - Ellsworth Kelly: Drawings on a Bus, 1954. My copy set me back a measly 12 euros.
Here is my final project. Its from a unit I taught on Pioneer Women. Its only a rough draft, Im going to fix some of the issues I had with it for the final draft.
Guess what? Any course about Islam that is not a fanciful whitewash is going to contain derogatory material about Islam because Islam is based on principles such as supremacism and censorship, not to mention practices such as polygamy, slavery and killing apostates, all of which free people consider reprehensible — hence “derogatory.”
Ps. Regarding the title, I know that it can be understood somehow as an attack on Arabs, but just as Arabs are not all Muslims, so not all Muslims are Arab. That duality was my attempt to capture in the title. If I didn’t succeed, then please let me know.
1 bewildered
Also on May 1, Martin Scorsese’s documentary film George Harrison: Living in the Material World and a collection of ten songs including demos and early takes titled ‘Early Takes Volume 1′ will be available on the iTunes Store.”
And, for those who have only recently joined the free-for-all that is this outpouring of angst, drivel and complete sideways thinking at times, my dearest Dad, who was far from perfect but as mentioned above DID actually act like he loved all my presents (even the lame old hankies and Soap-On-A-Rope my brother and I gave him one year), died in January.
The prices for used barrels fluctuate due to changing demand. Demand has been good lately. To the distilleries, a used 53 gallon barrel brings about $85. You can expect to pay a lot more unless you're buying thousands of them.
Well, today I’m happy to say we have 5.5 million titles available in that database that, six months ago, we started with a million titles. So Australian consumers are really driving the bus in terms of availability of content. It’s not necessarily being driven by the supply chain.
Since then we've continued to go back and forth with various odd ailments as well as some common ones, like ear infections...but always really close to being the same thing--at the same time. The oddest one being that shortly after I was finally diagnosed with stage 2 kidney disease, she started having kidney issues as well--although hers were said to be "over-active" while mine are, of course "under-achievers".
Alas, I still haven't tried the last 'toe' nail wraps I was given a few boxes ago. I'm not a fan of nail wraps, I do my own nails, often in designs nicer than I've seen on wraps. I'll give these a go though, I promise!
“We’ve seen mildly better building activity and it’s been a splendid winter for construction, one of the best I’ve ever seen,” McShirley said. But, he said “there are huge credit issues, it’s a tight market for credit. More and more banks are getting out of the commercial construction lending business.”
Puts up his pipe, and lids his moony eye.
Important points to remember:
The color story was pulled from a painting in the kitchen which opens up right off the sunroom...
terrified
"I know. But still.... You can--"
"You want to make it for us?" He interjected, barely disguising what was clearly a serious request under a thin veneer of laughter.
Before we get to the Top 3 we have the lucky winner of
Are you suffering from insomnia? Ask an academic to explain a controversy in his/her field. You'll reach a coma within 30 minutes.
I loved Sweet Valley so I wanted to make my version of it. I replaced “valley” with “mountain.” The word “sweet” reminded me of flowers. Adding “street” sounded better than “Flower Mountain.”
“I could take it from you,” said the Queen. “The girl will not be difficult to dispose of, and as for you, Daylighter, those who serve me serve with their lives. A suicide rush could greatly inconvenience you, despite your curse.” She ran her eyes over him lingeringly.
For the gender project assignment, I couldn’t really decide what to do. As a man who identifies as a full-fledged feminist, and has done so well before this class, it was hard for me to find something that would put me outside of my comfort zone. I already don’t believe that masculine and feminine are even labels that we should embrace, as I tried emphatically showing the very first day by standing in the middle of the chalkboard. If I want to dance ballet, it should not be considered feminine; likewise, if a woman wants to play football, she shouldn’t be considered a Tom Boy. I’ve worn dresses; I’ve worn high heels; I’ve worn skirts; I’ve worn makeup; I’ve worn bras; my ears are pierced (although most of those things were done during Rocky Horror or Powder Puff). The one thing I hadn’t done, surprisingly, is shave my legs.
The vivid green leaves of Elk lichen resemble the curved horns of the animal for which it is named. They're silky-cool and have a delicate mushroom flavor and almost berry-like piquancy. The spindly, white branches of Reindeer lichen are crunchy and mildly bitter when cooked.
THE STORY: In 1982, Britain and Argentina fought a war over the Falkland Islands. In the war’s deadliest moment, an Argentine ship, the General Belgrano, was sunk by the British navy, killing more than 300 people.
This weekend when I was updating my blog layout and adding my project gallery, I went back through TWO years worth of amazing Reader Spaces and was left feeling inspired by you all over again! You know how you can pick up the same magazine and see new things each time, it's kind of like that!
Garrison offered to take us but then he started complaining about jazz. “I would much prefer a classical show, the theramin is much more soothing and I hear blah blah blah blah blah” Yeah I made up the blahs but you see where I'm going with this. He just kept going. And it was all monotone too, like he was complaining but he didn't want to sound like he was complaining. It was weird. Georgia gave a face. Garrison is an only child, and it definitely shows.
RED: What’s your favorite pairing with today’s wine?
I would encourage you to Dr. Al Mohler’s blog post below when you have a minute. His perspective on the subject of marriage and “same-sex” unions is impeccable.
I woke up this morning receiving text messages from friends greeting me a happy birthday. I felt sudden joy. My heart leaped. I appreciate them for remembering my birthday. Yes, today is a special day. I am celebrating the seventeenth year of my existence. I cannot believe I just turned seventeen. Another year is added to my life. I cannot avoid reminiscing the past years in which I created a lot of memories. In the past sixteen years I have been in the pursuit to a happy life. But as expected, life will be difficult and obstacles will come along the way. In the past sixteen years I endured challenges that came to our family and made us stronger. I enjoyed the company of friends who are always behind me and showed me the love they have for me. I cried because of guys who never treated me seriously. I have been a fan of social media and now taking up my course to fulfill my dream of becoming a media practitioner. I cannot believe I survived sixteen years of being an obsessive compulsive who makes the sign of the cross whenever I see a butterfly because of the fear somebody will die, who hates the number three for an undetermined reason, who is very consistent in changing my sim card when I am already tired of its digits (I know most of my acquaintances are annoyed with this act). Sixteen years of being a hopeless romantic, searching for the right person who will justify my fantasies of dates and growing old together. Sixteen years of being the dumbest person when it comes to numbers (I hate Mathematics forever). Sixteen years of being a frustrated dancer and singer, singing and dancing inside the shower room and making my own concert there. Sixteen years of becoming narcisstic and a fan of class. Sixteen years of being me and establishing a very random personality only I can have (See how narcisstic and proud I am!)
I won't tell you about how my dirt gardening went today.
The following day was the Cremation Ceremony. I didn't go, partially because I didn't know if it was open to the public or not - despite the fact that there was a sign with all the info - and partially because I didn't want to handle my neighbour's bones with chopsticks. After cremation, family and friends pick the bones out with chopsticks. Sometimes, they pass them from one person's chopsticks to another, which is why it's considered a faux pas to pass food chopstick to chopstick.
Don't respond to this post: just wait a bit and RSVP to the formal invitation!
the unschooling community isn’t the only one I feel I need in my life: I was rather surprised when I first started going to unschooling events by how non-radical many unschoolers are. I guess I’d assumed that because questioning the schooling system lead me to questioning so much else, that that would be the experience of others, as well. And it is! Just not as many others as maybe I’d first thought. This isn’t meant in any way as a criticism, just an honest reflection of my thoughts. Regardless, the people I choose to surround myself with now are folk. And I’m using “odd” here in the
Old men in older times once agreed
Investors pounded the country's financial markets in the wake of a surprise announcement that Trevor Manuel, the longest-serving finance minister in the world, was among the 14 cabinet ministers and deputies that had quit government following the unceremonious ousting of former president Thabo Mbeki.
Anyway to finish this story off………………
He says "Let me talk to him first. Maybe calm him down some. But we might end up having a use of force on him."
The book is not perfect – and I’m not talking here about whether it’s a perfect thriller or whatever – for example, I was appalled at the ease one of the characters obtains information from a government source – no it’s not Jonas looking for ‘Linda’ – because I’ve worked in the civil service and we told no one anything. In Sweden though there is something called the Principle of Public Access which was the first ever piece of freedom of information legislation in the modern sense; it dates back to 1766 and that’s not a typo. Just what that allows individuals to obtain over the counter I have no idea but no one likes it when a detective in a novel has the answers handed to him on a plate. One of the reviewers on Goodreads said that he spotted “one or two unfortunate clichés along the way” and, if by that he meant that some of the characters behaved in predictable ways then I don’t see that so much as a fault as her being accurate; I don’t think that people do react to betrayal in more than a handful of ways.
I did my accumulator workout and enlisted my 13 year old son to do it with me. I’m about 144 pounds more than him and he’s in sports so I figured that would be great. It also was a bonding process for us. But not in the way I would have thought.
De tag is ook een Doohickey van Magnolia, 'Vintage Tag'. Het gebruikte stempeltje komt uit een setje van Kaiserkraft.
The journalist then interviews a NASA engineer. This response will be edited to appear immediately after the accusation. There are several ways to ask the question, each with very different results:
10/10 – Missoula, MT – The Other Side
Mac Holiday Eye Kit in Sultry
Embellished the letters randomly with more black rhinestones. Easy project and the best part is everything was already on hand!
Anderson began her career as a freelance journalist, and worked for a time at The Philadelphia Inquirer. In 1999, she wrote what is arguably her most famous novel, Speak, which won numerous awards and was a The New York Times best seller. Speak was adapted into a film in 2004, starring Kristen Stewart in the lead role of Melinda Sordino.
Wing adjustments are largely affecting medium to fast turn performance, at lower speeds the wings are less influential and the mechanical grip needs to be altered. Since the 1994 ban on active technologies, the drivers have no ability to alter the cars suspension. Before that drivers typically had the option to alter anti roll bar stiffness from levers in the cockpit.
The line announced a baby’s birth,
Put his arms around me
Make the proposal memorable: Hire an actor to pose as a carjacker, and pull off “the heist” while you and your girlfriend are stopped at a red light. When the actor begins to “beat” you, have him “discover” your engagement ring…and VOILA! Not only will you be engaged, you will all share in a good laugh once she realizes that neither of your lives were ever in danger.
My Eastern European peasant stock cannot be disguised, much as I may long to be a true gym rat with jutting vertebrae and hipbones.
Should Jordan throw off the reign of King Hussein, it would quickly take on the persona which was the original intended reason for the founding of Transjordan, the predecessor to modern day Jordan, of being the Palestinian Arab State. This was the precondition for the founding of Transjordan which was sold to the League of Nations when it was carved out of the British Mandate Lands which had originally been set aside to serve as a homeland for Jews. The British caved to Arab insistence and rejection of such a sizable, actually any, amount of land being given to non-Arabs, and especially to the Jews. It was decided to take the 78% of the British Mandate east of the Jordan River for the Palestinian Arab country leaving the remainder west of the Jordan River for the Jewish state. Should Jordan be released from Hashemite rule and King Hussein and his Queen abdicate their throne, Jordan will once again be a Palestinian Arab land as over three quarters of the population consists of Palestinian Arabs who had migrated to the area from Syria, Egypt, Saudi Arabia, Iraq, and other Arab countries beginning in the middle and late nineteenth century and continuing through the first half of the twentieth century. With Jordan returning to its Palestinian Arab roots it will also become the obvious solution to the Palestinian-Israeli problems. Even should some parts of Judea and Samaria be surrendered from Israeli control, they could be released conditionally on they be ruled by Jordan and the entire Palestinian Authority and the PLO be incorporated into Jordan thus joining the two Palestinian areas into one country rather than having two countries for the same basic population which have identical origins.
"You alright Hannah? You look very pale."
Easy to say hard to do.
FCC: Channel-sharing item up at FCC meeting. Addresses two TV stations sharing one 6 MHz allocation. Chairman Genachowski argues that omitting rate information from online public file is censorship of the file. Genachowski: Item is approved! Now, let’s focus on disclosure in the other 160 broadcast markets. A win today at FCC! Here’s what’s next in fight for full broadcaster transparency bit.ly/Ih3lDk. FCC just approved rule to post political ad buys online in top markets, which ones will stay in the dark? snlg.ht/JdDUha . Doubt broadcasters happy w/this quote: Genachowski, Political file compromise amounts to “censorship” bit.ly/KhQcXn . TVTechnology: TV Station Channel-Sharing Approved tvtechnology.com/article/tv-sta… FCC opens $300M fund to boost rural broadband access bit.ly/IESWks.
I watched the little pigeon dodge the river of traffic,
1 barked
Uruguayan midfield destroyer Diego Arismendi has passed a medical and if he gets his work permit should join us next week. Sunderland defender Danny Collins could also be signing after both clubs agreed a fee.
Literary critics will often refer to “Chekhov’s Gun”, a principle of plotting associated with the eponymous Russian playwright, which states: “One must not put a loaded rifle on the stage if no one is thinking of firing it.” Or, in the case of Mystery Woman: Sing Me a Murder (2005), one must not cast Ellen Greene as the lead singer of a reformed 60s folk-rock trio, and then not let her sing a single note! Because it’s positively inhuman to make viewers sit through this sort of tedious dreck expecting a fun musical interlude that never arrives…
3. Empty Bed Blues
Paid: $7 total
Anyway, in the past I would (and still) make sure that my lip is heavily covered with a high SPF (I recommend Shiseido's 55) to keep the sun from doing its' damage. Even though this darkening of my upper lip occurred after turning 30 my skin has always been prone to darkening with spots. It takes months before my skin alone will heal. This is why I swear by AHAs. It speeds up the process with a chemical exfoliation creating a more even skin tone.
This is my first attempt at skirt layering, and personally I think it went pretty well. It was a bit bulky, but the dress sat much better on top of the skirt. Not only does it look good, but I was really surprised by how much warmer it was. I didn't thing that simply adding a skirt would change anything, but it really did. Now I can't wait till I get home to my full skirt collection!
28 Harewood House Harrogate, England
My Queen may make demands, but they are not the demands of the spoiled, of the ego, of a desire to subjugate.
Now that we’re back on a regular release schedule, I’ve posted a new page to the directory – our bimonthly Release Schedule. It provides the dates and approximate times of release for all the series we do that have a regular release schedule, be it biweekly, monthly, or bimonthly. I’ll keep it updated as we move into this wonderfully organized time. This should help inform everyone as to when to expect something, and it’ll help us get our schedules put together for priority releases.
4. Grocery shop with your list and any coupons you’ve happened to find for those items (don’t base your list off of coupons, rather, make your list and then see if you can find coupons that match your needs).
15. thunder love- little dragon
1. Deviled Eggs – I usually wing this recipe because I’ve made them countless times, but am thinking I may take a cue from Paula Deen.
About jobs, there’s less unemployment than in the rest of UK, but at the same time because its smaller you will probably have more trouble finding one. The nice thing is that any job you manage to get will allow you a very nice quality of life, because its good in general terms. In terms of immigration, there’s very few immigrant which I like a lot. A lot of people still think that Northern Ireland is a warzone where Catholics and Protestants still bomb each other on daily basis. Not so, while there is the occasional incident here and there its not common and rarely gets people seriously injured or killed. Among the middle class people I guess we all just want to get along in spite of the different political agendas each one may have, and simply live in peace. Besides certain specific locations where segregation still exists, there’s no clash between immigrants of different cultural and religious backgrounds. I read how sometimes in England they have these Islamic terrorists, the diversity gets shoved down people’s throats because its so different people forced to live almost one on top of the other. An added benefit to that is that being the rare immigrant, people are more opened to you and less suspicious. Locals are surprised you even chose to immigrate here. ”Why did you move here?”. My answer is “because it’s a great place to live in!”. That brings a smile to people’s faces and they quickly agree, proud that someone thinks that way instead of just looking scared because of what they’ve heard of the Troubles.
2. Silicone Implants Are Safe: silicone suppliers is a non-reactive, non-toxic substance. That means that, if your silicone implants ever were to leak, the silicone gel that leaks out would not hurt your body.
but dull or not, i played along ... so here goes ...
Romance, music, and a little humor come together in a new 2:30 minute advertisement for Nike Free Run+. The commercial, released this past Wednesday, tells the story of long-distance lovers who agree to run across the country to each other while singing. The idea is that if you can sing while you run, then you are a strong runner.
David Jenkins – Smith – on the other hand is very different but one can also see why, once she got to know him, there might have been some attraction. He’s a decent bloke, organised – his suicide note is written months in advance and goes to great pains to ensure that Robin, as he calls Alice, is protected from prosecution. He writes:
Mercury has also the unfortunate ability to transfer from pregnant woman to their unborn babies. According to the Environmental Protection Agency, mercury passed on to the fetus during pregnancy may have lasting consequences, including memory impairment, diminished language skills and other cognitive complications.
It amazes me how those tiny wings can go so fast literally making a
What does it mean to “let go”?
Hanneman has amazed his doctors with his speedy recovery from an infection thought to have been caused by a spider bite. Following surgery on his right arm, he continues his physical therapy and has already been practicing with his guitar.
So...it's been a VERY long time since I made anything with a needle. Like probably about fifteen years. That is if you don't count the odd bit of darning buttons and holes here and there of course.
1/4 t. Worcestershire sauce
4. Pudsig Pigtråd 11:13
and recovery of sight to the blind,
We live in an age when there is tremendous competition for—I was going to say “the reader’s attention,” but reading is part, a large part, of what has suddenly become negotiable. . . . The advent of television, the ubiquity of mass media, the eruption of the Internet and ebooks with their glorification of instantaneity—all this has done an extraordinary amount to alter the relationship between life and literature. Television lulled us into acquiescence, the Internet with its vaunted search engines and promise of the world at your fingertips made further inroads in seducing us to reduce wisdom to information: to believe that ready access to information was somehow tantamount to knowledge.
A couple of months before his death Bishop Fulton J. Sheen was interviewed on national television. One of the questions was this:
· Logistics Corporation to be set up for development & management of existing railway
Which cover do you like better?
114. Having the opportunity and means to buy our first home.
“Honor your father and your mother.” Exodus 20:12
Any new YA Vampire titles you're excited about? Or just upcoming books in general? I'm all ears. =D
Nominated, Argentinean Film Critics Assoc. Awards 2002 – Best Foriegn Language Film
They turned out great. If I could have made the ravioli myself, they would have been stuffed to the max as the ravioli did lack filling. On their own they were crispy and golden delicious, but sprinkling them with fresh-chopped parsley and dipping them in the roasted garlic and herbs marinara sauce made them taste even better!
close eyes
I knew it was going to happen, as it’s been talked about for a year now, and interviews have been given explaining and cajoling about the inevitability of it all.
The Smith's
it was a night she will always remember.
Are you facing the same issue?
I hadn’t moved the fridge since I moved in 20-something years ago. A new one moves into its spot tomorrow after the carpenters cut the counter and cupboards to fit it.
When the doctor finally saw the x-ray his nurse had taken, he quickly decided it was beyond his expertise: with both bones broken, one badly, I had to go to St. Ansgar's in Moorhead. There I was put under general anesthesia, my arm was set, and I woke up to crabby nun nurses taking my blood pressure in the middle of the night. When they came to pick me up from the hospital, my parents took me out to Nine Dragons, our favorite Chinese restaurant, which I couldn't really enjoy because I was still queasy from the anesthetic.
It is easy for you to make a good, nourishing and economical cake with Swans Down Cake Flour. This well-known flour contains only the lighter, fluffier portions of the wheat and therefore greatly constributes to the lightness and fine texture of the cake.
"Mary Mary quite contrary,
When I was a kid I read even more than I do now. I always had a book in my hand. My Dad never seemed too interested, he owned a handful of paperbacks. My Mam used to read more often and got stuff out from the library. I remember my Dad did get involved with my reading once. He had an opportunity to buy a multi volume encyclopedia second hand from someone. It wasn't the Brittanica, it was a children's encyclopedia. I was amazed when he brought them home in a big cardboard box, a set of twelve I think it was. Heavy, red, cloth bound books. I seem to remember each one had a different theme, nature, the modern world, history etc. They were so heavy that I struggled to pick them up till I'd put on a bit more muscle.
e) The answers A, B, and D
Tools: Nesties Labels Eight and Large Rectangles. Cuttlebug Embossing Folder. Sizzix Big Shot. Tim Holtz Paper Distresser. Embossing Powder. Heat Gun.
wanted WLT to be something different. Simply put, it’s a unique music channel, featuring new artists playing live music."
Zest of 1 lemon–I used both a zester for bigger pieces of lemon peel and a microplane to get more of the juice from the peel.
Wanted to combine the sketch with this week's Annabelle Stamps colour challenge as it involves some fabulous fall colours. Was a bit hard getting into a "fall" mood while desperately craving spring, but just love the colours so it didn't take much to twist my rubber arm :)
During the Mass, the Pope also baptised eight new converts by pouring water over their bowed heads.
Howard John Kley (1920-2001), son of Lewis and Mary Kley.
Articles on:
Opera, to the un-initiated, is an archaic form of music that isn't particularly catchy or flashy someone who prefers Top 40's music used to tell even older stories. You're generally not going to stand outside the opera house after the final encore and hear the exiting patrons exclaiming about how the beat really had them grooving, how "sick" the choreography was, or how the costumes were going to set new fashion trends. As a young adult, I most definitely did not earn any "coolness points" for being able to sing an aria and I did not consider my ability to resolve a Neopolitan chord as a seductive tool. Yep, opera just isn't that sexy in a world that considers sexiness one of the most important factors in entertainment. But wo, wo, wo unto ye un-initiated! Opera is gorgeous. Opera is intimidatingly awesome...once you understand it.
There are two shutter settings. I probably stands for Instant and B for bulb. The little red switch slides easily from one mode and back. In bulb mode, you can hold down 2 for as long as you want, keeping the shutter open for extended exposures. Here, you can see the counter window through the open shutter in bulb mode.
I'm gonna remember most, yeah
I don't always post photos of the faux finishes that I do on cabinetry, but I thought I'd show you guys this job I completed a few weeks ago. My client had her kitchen cabinets antiqued, and she decided she wanted to do the same to her built-ins in her living room. I had to match the finish to the kitchen cabinets, which was a challenge, but, mission accomplished and I was happy.
Satan (the Thief) comes to steal, Kill and destroy….
For more information on Osian please visit www.osianprycerallying.webs.com
Commonly referred to as SMBX, this is an engine designed to create Mario World fan-games. This engine is somewhat buggy and chances are those bugs won't be fixed, but that is not any reason to drop SMBX all together. It is still a great engine.
* Overall size of the book and cover: 5″ x 7″ but moving toward the larger 6″ x 9″ format. Today, a larger format is preferred to conserve paper and reduce cost.
I could have been SNOOKIE in another life..
“Most of our more than 260,000 visitors each year are tourists from 60-plus countries, but these joined-up events for local believers are perhaps the most important thing the Garden Tomb can do — providing a bridge for the two believing communities and such a strong signal for the world to bring the best possible hope for peace in the land of the Holy One,” Meryon explained.
He was a very troubled man.
In a press release on Wednesday, Simmons said he would spend some of his remaining campaign funds on the TV spots.
"Just call the vet out yourself. Just do it."
That is all everyone and Edward will be back with you tomorrow.
He reads from Isaiah (chapter 61) where it says, “The Spirit of the Lord is upon me, because He has anointed me to preach the gospel to the poor; He has sent me to heal the brokenhearted, to preach deliverance to the captives, and recovering of sight to the blind, to set at liberty them that are bruised, to preach the acceptable year of the Lord.”
That man Tevez nodded the ball over Ruddy after the Norwich keeper could not control a fiercely-drilled shot from Yaya Toure, seeing the ball cannon up into the air to find the head of the Argentine.
February already? Time to get buzzwords 2012.1 and 2 up and out.
I haven't written a poem in thirty years. My writing has changed, as have my reading tastes. Yet nothing still touches me more than a melancholy melody or an introspective tune.
to wish then close our eyes
Using ionic foot baths and other means, we can manipulate the LIFE/DEATH RATIO within each of us… for example, removing heavy metals, and then eating lots of raw food full of the sun’s photon energy, will give us a positive life:death ratio of more than “1″.
Pool play is played on 11 different ball fields — eight at Fabens Park and three at Vermilion. All bracket games take place at Fabens park.
Balancing the home in homeschool is a daily juggling act for me. But, with the key principles mentioned above, I am able to accomplish what is most important and not feel guilty about the rest.
Why is this? What happened to the dream?
More Shiner Holiday Cheer, more Nogne O, and Pyramid Snowcap
* Entry period closes at midnight PST, Sunday, April 11, 2010 and the winner will be announced Monday, April 12, 2010.
1/2 cup vegetables (grated carrots ,peas , grated beetroots..etc .. optional )
The inverted approach will follow this flow: the students read the textbook and watch videos before class. In class, we answer clicker questions (to get a conceptual understanding) and get practice on the basic skills (taking derivatives, doing contour integrals, etc).
opportunity to drive a car for the first time in his life.
Ah, high school boys, the popular ones will always act as they did at their peak, while the rest of us move on with our lives.
Best Sacrifice
Though 'twas not their intention, I deem.
I can recall coming to this conclusion/awareness when Maddie and Max went to preschool. I would come home from work and hear stories about what happened at school. It dawned on me that they would have many thousands of life experiences without me. Until that point, I thought I would be part of every aspect of their lives and see and feel everything they did. It came as a rude shock when at 5 they were already, in a sense, on their own and experiencing life without me. It was at that moment I knew that my role had changed. I was simply a caretaker to watch over them as they did their own growing into adults.
The side that the label spins over on I added more details and also used the daisy accessory stamps that come with Renew from Some Odd Girl. Then I used a couple more diecuts including the grass and dress form which I covered with burlap linen fabric. This side was basically finished except I had two ribbon roses left over and couldn't let them go to waste. The grass diecut was just the right size to wrap around the other side of the block so I thought why not?!
does
Cut out a scalloped circle aperture through the card front.....
~~GorkaMorka~~
This Spring start your maintenance routine by checking all of your alarms – smoke, carbon monoxide and security. We all know how important it is to have a these alarms in the home, so be sure they are working! Replace the batteries now so that you don’t have to worry about them until next Spring.
I have had many people ask me what I do to my music files to make them sound so nice. First let me say that I remove all of the noise that I possibly can, without distorting the spirit of the original recording, because I like to hear them that way. I know some folks like the "natural" noise that comes from listening to old records and cylinders, but I like to think that removing the noise makes them more like they would have been when they were new. I also listen to my Christmas music files all through the Christmas season, and listening to them over and over with the noise in them is just plain irritating to my ear. So that's the WHY of the question.
EVIDENCE
“After Judy left, I went down the street and asked my ecologically-friendly neighbors to help. They said they would be glad to. I knew more people would be interested so, I started asking my friends. I got a lot of responses back and hopefully they all hold true to their word.”
Blogging too. So many of us find ourselves and others by blogging. For that, I would like to thank the organisers and participants in both the Blogging from A to Z Challenge, and the ROW80 challenge (still ongoing) for creating such events and communities.
Extraordinary in natural
"What are you doing here?" he asks, curious.
Mayor Bloomberg this week released the 2010 Inventory of New York City Greenhouse Gas Emissions, the City’s fourth annual comprehensive carbon inventory. The entire city, including the City government, reduced emissions in 2009 below 2008 levels, putting the City on track to achieve the carbon reduction goals in PlaNYC, the Mayor’s long-term vision for a greener, greater New York.
With that in mind, here’s a guide to the reality behind the spin in the debt ceiling battle:
* Having minimum 1 year working experiences as SOP Officer
Danielle herself rocks my world. I admire her directness, her outspokenness, her open-heartedness. I love her generosity – how she invites us to share her stuff with the world (just give her credit where credit is due – fair enough).
I got strong. Super strong, at least, compared to where I was before the challenge. Creatively ripped. When the next NaNoWriMo came along, I had all this confidence about plotting, and I wrote 100k in November: a good, solid, workable first draft.
would burn or write their names on the ceiling.
there was hail piled everywhere and tree leaves all over the porch.
“ If I could go back in time would I have done anything differently ” ?
Abigail
Remember rat lab, the hands-on portion of basic college psychology courses? It was there we learned that random positive reinforcement is a powerful tool for shaping behavior. A rat, a lever, pellets of food. If no pellets ever appeared, the rat gave up pushing the lever. No reward here. If pellets always appeared, then suddenly stopped, the rat gave up pushing the lever. No more rewards here. But if pellets only sometimes appeared, the rat went on pushing that lever, over and over and over again. Always the possibility of a reward here!
Price: $7.99 / six-pack
Time: 7.30pm
We are life observers and people connectors,
For those of you who have disabled word verification I would like to thank you on behalf of smart phone and iPad users everywhere!
The next morning, I felt better and headed off to work as usual. When I used the restroom, I noticed some spotting on the toilet paper, and called my OB just to be safe. She wanted me to come in...just as a precaution. Worried, but just expecting to be told to rest and drink more water, J and I went in around 11 a.m. I knew as soon as she examined me that things were just not right. I was dilated 1 - 2 cm and just like that my perfect pregnancy was gone. I knew it was bad. I knew that the chances of a 23 week old baby making it were slim to none.
Marc, because you are the editor I don’t expect anything too in depth. Perhaps mention the lab you work at and some basics you know about the adolescent brain and the transformation it’s going through. What’s the physiological component of this identity seeking? If you want/can, mention the research you’re a part of, and tell the middle school audience how it applies to them and the process of finding themselves.
Something Nick always says… (Don’t tell God how big your problems are… tell your problems how big God is.)
Ferdinand and Ferry Porsche shared one characteristic with other automotive icons such as Enzo Ferrari and E. L. Cord: a complete concentration on building the future and little interest in the past.
Neck: 14" (no change)
Brutal police response
2:) Living in a low rent retirement home full of ancient, demented strangers.
A good discipline to develop during Great Lent is to devote oneself to more spiritual reading. First, one should devote more time to reading Holy Scripture.
This week over at The Inspired Stamps Blog each day there has been a sneak peak featured by two of the design team members. Today is my part of the sneak peek and I'm featuring the Butterflies and Blooms stamp set! I stamped three butterflies, Copic colored them in, cut and paper pieced them on a strip of patterned paper. Adhered the strip to the card base with more cardstock and stamped one of the many cute coordinating sentiments in this set on to a flag. Aren't these butterflies adorable?! I had so much fun coloring them in! I added some self stick pearls and some faux gel pen stitching to finish off the card.
About the book, from the publisher:The Civil War thrust millions of men and women—rich and poor, soldiers and civilians, enslaved and free—onto the roads of the South. During four years of war, Southerners lived on the move. In the hands of Yael A. Sternhell, movement becomes a radically new means to perceive the full trajectory of the Confederacy’s rise, struggle, and ultimate defeat.
Transportation, Home, and Industrial Needs.
I let it slide because the parcel wasn’t worth that much, but if it had been something of more value – either financial or sentimental, I assure you there would have been a blood bath at the Courier Post office.
Now that I was thinking about it I saw how he had shut down and that wasn't OK with me. I don't want to be held to a higher standard. But more than that I don't want to be alone. With a rift between us. I wanted to do this whole thing so these things won't happen anymore.
The concern to stop the elections is understandable, with current polls showing support for the two main parties nose diving. From 42.5 percent in October 2010, the socialist PASOK is down to 8.2 percent, according to MRB and published in the newspaper Real News, with the conservative New Democracy party dropping from 28 to 19 percent.
The two reached the lake in an hour . It was their favorite place .
Wikipedia, Jimmy said the
Sometimes ending like this can feel a little clichéd, wrapping things up too tidily. But it is not the case with this collection – Dennison’s finishes with loops and knots pulled so tightly that she grips the reader right down to the very last word.
There isn’t anything that I find hard really, it’s much easier then NaNoWriMo, but what I find really sad is that there is no one in my region that is doing the challenge so I’m writing alone.
These two drastically different views of landscape at the U of C allowed one to dwell without sentiment in both the grandeur of nature and its hyperventilation through tourism and technology. Of course, I prefer O’Sullivan vastly to Sone.
From its publication in 1930 to Ottoline's death in 1938, the pair exchanged letters.
SWWSV Blog (swwsvblog.wordpress.com) is a participant in the Amazon Services LLC and Amazon EU Associates Programmes designed to provide a means for sites to earn advertising fees by advertising and linking to amazon.com, amazon.ca, amazon.co.uk, amazon.de, amazon.fr, amazon.it and amazon.es. Certain content that appears on this website comes from Amazon Services LLC and/or Amazon EU. This content is provided “as is” and is subject to change or removal at any time.
Cream the sugar and marg
Then, I went to Ashley's Ice Cream, per Kirsten's suggestion. I had the most delicious watermelon sherbet. GET THIS IF YOU GO. It was $2something for the smallest size which was more than enough.
Nice, lightweight MP3 player. Random file downloads and audio bits that I need to listen to but don’t want squaloring up my perfect iTunes library get the treatment with Play. Also, since I haven’t set up the iScrobbler preferences in it, it doesn’t put stuff like voiceover_treatment_sample2.mp3 in my Last.fm music stream
We completed steps 6 and 7 today. I will be teaching the lesson tomorrow and then half day again to do out final reflection. Phew!!! We have been working on this since late November and we have finally made it!! I am really excited to watch my film tomorrow and find ways to become an even better teacher.
You've heard of the movie My Dinner with Andre?
Oh, and the paper I use is 14X17 Bristol board with a little "tooth" a.k.a. roughness. I love drawing on watercolor paper, but damn that stuff is too rich for my blood!
Sen. Ed Angara and Sen. Loren Legarda: “I Believe in You and Me”
In the end, this silly routine boils down to “my view or yours”—the proverbial, my way or the highway. The funny thing is that our perspectives and intense beliefs are really nothing more than accumulated patterns that we have simply made-up, adapted and adopted, or embellished over the years. Then we repeat them ad-nauseum trying to convince, or sometimes even coerce, the other into agreement. That process usually ends-up in a shut-down. In a simplistic way of looking at it, that’s what wars are made of—mine vs yours.
In other (lighter) Skip news, we have made our way back to eating off a spoon. I’m not entirely sure, but I think a lot of our issues with that stemmed from our forcing him from a very early age to take a bunch of oral medications– one of which he really, really hated. Now, we simply give him the antibiotic three days a week (the only one that he actually doesn’t mind the taste of, thank God) and he has been eating off the spoon like a champ. It started with yogurt. We tried yogurt one day and he just LOVED it. Now we’ve worked up to eating almost anything off a spoon. He still isn’t a big fan of vegetables, but we’re hopeful we’ll change his mind. I’m just grateful he’s become such a good eater.
02 Ziggy Stardust
I never read a book where I have learn so much about our Church great Saints. I did not know how many saints we have and all that in the book are women, so just to think of it plus men.. WOW! (there is that word again!).
3) I know nothing about music. My taste in music is similar to my general pool of knowledge; I know a little bit about a lot of things. Meaning that my itunes probably has 3,000 songs from 2,000 bands across all genres. And I like those songs, but see no need to have the whole albums.
Inky Antics also carries this fabulous honey comb paper. I used some of my white scraps to make these AWESOME flowers to add to my treat container. This paper is so much fun and lots of things you can do with it. Come pick yours up today!!!!
Smith is one of Rochester’s most prolific social media users. Two of his features, “E-friend of the Week” and “What I’m Listening To” are based on sources found entirely online. He compares web communication with his sources to people who promote businesses by handing out fliers in malls. You don’t know them, he says.
Salamander Energy plc Analysis Across the Oil and Gas Value Chain is an essential source for data, analysis and strategic insight into “Salamander Energy plc”. The report provides key information relating to oil and gas assets of the company along with its operations across the value chain. The report examines the company’s business structure, operations and products, and provides an analysis of its key revenue lines.
Denmark is a constitutional monarchy. I suppose that is why our President is so enthralled with changing America into a European democracy and his love for Denmark. He can become the first “King” of America.
To which I simply flashed a smile that you give the crazy woman from “Single White Female” to make her believe you are friends so when she isn’t looking you can bludgeon her with the closest blunt object within arm’s reach.
Blue Blouse, Harve Benard - Goodwill
Gudger, E.W. (1930). On the alleged penetration of the human urethra by an Amazonian catfish called candiru with a review of the allied habits of other members of the family pygidiidae. The American Journal of Surgery (Elsevier Inc.) 8 (1): 170–188.
Exposure to daily negativity in the news is like starting your day with lead weights on your chest. Do you honestly want to kick off the morning with an image of a mother stabbing her baby in an office full of people? That’s a rhetorical question – NO ONE wants this mental image.
In the comments on this article, we found a link to a video of Sindelar doing an Internet sports talk segment on college football, apparently from 2007. That's where the picture comes from. (Note that if you follow the link, the video starts automatically.)
Teenager-hood is a time that's notorious for bad decisions. Some adults act like that's because the teenager's brain is less developed. I'm not a neuro-anything specialist, but I don't think I "know" more since my teen years. I think I've experienced more. I have more examples of good and bad, and it can help me make better decisions.
I think I can avoid any interaction. Um, because we're not friends with these people, we're neighbors. It's like Uncle Pat* and James* moved in next door... hillbilly delux. Oh, and they have a yappy dog, which makes our little yappy dogs more yappy. GREAT. Welcome home :( The neighborhood just went to hell. Should I start looking for a different house, hahaha.
R5-15- sc in each sc (24)
There once was an all female taxi company called Angels cabs but it broke up I hear because you cannot specify one gender over another,
Vintage-sounding or prepared pianos seem to be a running theme on this
Have we done something to make our God angry? Do we find Him described in His Word as poised with sword in hand, ready to destroy us? Is He seen as one taking His vengeance on a traitorous community by casting them into a fiery pit of darkness? Is hell the place of His wrath and judgement?
reflecting the dance of sun
Dear Father, I thank You for strengthening me through Your Word today and every day of my life; thank You for all the victories and triumphs that I experience everyday as a result of putting my faith in You to work. I’m encouraged and rightly positioned for the victorious life as You lead me daily in triumphal procession, in Jesus Christ Name Amen!
March by Geraldine Brooks
Politics being that there are no permanent friends as there are no permanent enemies, Anwar shrugged off Karpal’s harsh vilification and elected to accept the Tiger of Jelutong’s officer to act as lead defence counsel in the second sodomy trial. You could say that both acted professionally. However, being the consummate politician that he is, Anwar still accepted Karpal as his lawyer, even after the MP for Jelutng lashed out in an amazing press conference that his client was unfit to be Pakatan Rakyat leader for promoting party hopping.
The thing I love most about Bartimaeus is that although he talks the djinni talk (bigtime), and is full of sarcasm, swagger and bravado, he's really quite human in his flaws. His relationships with Nathaniel and Kitty make me both laugh and wince with recognition, and the scope of Jonathan's imagination (and what he does with it in writing these books) is both marvellous and amazing in the right sense of the words. I can therefore think of no one better than Jonathan to enlighten us all on the mystery which is:
"A spoons. Just buy a spoons".
None other than Joseph Pulitzer himself had this to say about the Eagle in 1911:
BBC TV first woman weather forecaster
Princess: What will you do Grumper? How will you escape?
The DTs got to choose a Meljen's Design image for creating our cards and I was excited because I love their digis! My card base and matting is Bazzill card stock, which for the purple matting I used the Martha Stewart "Double Arch" around the page punch. I then colored everything (three copies) with copics, cut out a flower, five bees, and a flower center and pop dotted them to give dimension.
1.) I have to choose five other people who deserve it and pass the awards along
Did the East Bunny make an appearance at your house/
How will ORFU continue to trade? $400,000 in donations received doesn’t absolve the union of its obligations.
We had a little Christmas gift swap amongst the DT and some of us are using the things we made for each other for our projects for this week :-)
Before I say who won, however, thank you ALL for participating. I had great fun visiting your blogs and reading your entries! You made this awesome.
Our Random winner is .......
The inspectors carried out their unannounced check on October 8 to 'see the hospital as a patient or visitor would see it'.
When translated literally it’s a bit embarassing: Cat, Small, Potato and those little nestled dolls they make over here. But in Russian…well now, you’ve got some mouth work to do! We saw a sign for Kroshka Kartoshka, which are small potatoes…(Roll your R’s people…RRRRRR) and then we found a few other words that rhymed. We sort of all sang it as we walked around Red Square and Lenin’s tomb and all that.
I went in search of her and found her lying near the river bank unconscious, wet and burning. I called some passerby and we brought her home. It took a week for life to get back into her. She was too frail to even move but ordered us out of her house in spite of our protests. For days she was locked inside and even with my constant knocking on her door she never answered.
Ms. Hepinstall's novel is wrought full of colorful characters and complex circumstances that build to tell an explosive story. This novel is a real page turner with unexpected twists around every corner and a surprising but satisfying ending. This would be an excellent choice for your book club , especially for all you history buffs. This novel would invoke lively conversation and thoughtful speculation about what defines "crazy". The author's website has a few suggestions and I know some of you book club gals could have fun with this.
This was such a fun party, and I still have parents talking about it 2 years later!
It's my personal opinion that everyone involved in this completely hit it out of the park. Let me list some things I adored:
I've adjusted a couple things. I up the yeast to 2 T. and add 1 T. sugar to the yeast and water mixture.
8. If foreigners come here and buy land, options will be restricted. Certain parcels including waterfront property are reserved for citizens naturally born into this country.
“Look!” squealed Marlene as she ran to the dolls. “There’s a Beboodle!” Sure enough, seated in the center of the shelf, and in very good shape, was a primitive Beboodle, jingle bells and all.
L: I want Mommy.
Hey world, it’s me.
-In 2007 almost 6.2 million people between the ages 16 and 24 dropped out of high school. This was only 16% of the people of that age that left school so they maybe at the extreme edge but over 6 million is way to many (http://www.cnn.com/2009/US/05/05/dropout.rate.study). Over 6 million people in 2007 were failed by the educational system. They may have "quit" but I am sure there were compelling reasons why.
Recorded in 2005, this was available for a short time on TSOL's website for free. Dunno if it is still there because I have not taken a look. If it is gone, then here it is for you! Inspired by Neil over at 13th Floor Vendetta. I just wanted to make this gem available to you all. Darker My Love was released on the Suburbia Soundtrack and I think, nowhere else. This is a studio version recorded in 2005. Politics is of course a Damned cover done TSOL style. It kicks ass! Enjoy this folks!
The Art or Idiocy? team ran into a bevy of Chicago art luminaries, including a trio from the Art Institute museum. Robert Hudson, Associate Director of Visitor Services, mentioned how Dick Blick has had branding issues, particularly with their online catalogue. Hudson asked a sales associate about why some stores are called "Dick Blick" and others just "Blick." The new one on State is "Blick Art Materials." "Where's the 'Dick'?" he had asked. “Their email can’t have ‘dick’ in the address because spam filters think it is porn,” he reported.
Her husband peeled away from the curb and drove into the parking lot. He too looked panicked, like he could not make his feet move fast enough as he got out of his car and ran towards the hospital.
I guess it could, but that's because her perspective was quite different, and it's sad that she didn't realise they were probably telling it exactly as it was from theirs, unless she knew they were not being sincere.
Once or twice a year, Joe and I have a free weekend, and it has become tradition for me to spend one of those precious time periods with my excellent friend, Lynda Boyd. And what could be more fun than exploring the great shopping landscape of my favorite city, Chicago!
It seemed like a rather peaceful time, not a lot of plagues going on. There was a rise in education and economy. It all sounds like an exciting time of growth and would be awesome to watch happen.
Make yourelf a cup of tea, grab a glass of wine and above all don't forget the tissues! You'll need them :-)
I used MFT's Fishtail Flags STAX Die-namics for the panel and sentiment banners. For finishing touches I added a button and gingham ribbon!
Why are all of your posts a year old (other that this one?) Okay, this wasn't really a question I got, but felt the need to address it. Because I'm a poor excuse for a blogger. I finally figured out how to sort of use my camera, so hopefully I'll get some good DIY posts up sometimes soon.
whom she used to study with in her early days of pop
This contains the bodies of between 30 and 60 thousand war dead, an abbey, a basilica and the world’s largest memorial cross. It also houses the graves of General Franco and Primo de Rivera, the founder of the Falange, or Fascist party, who were Franco’s chief supporters during the Civil War. It is claimed (by the political right) that more Republican than Nationalist bodies are buried in the Valley. The left claim that this is only because there weren’t enough Nationalist dead to fill it, and are campaigning to have the leftist bodies exhumed and removed. They also claim that the monument was built with the unwilling labour of Republican politcal prisoners. In 2009 the (mildly) Socialist government closed the basilica to the public, citing Health and Safety concerns.
LOST gave me purpose for six seasons. Although technically after I post my notes for the finale I won't have a purpose any longer. I don't know where the path leads, what purpose my life will have or where my destiny lies.
Some will sway with grief
“Well now aren’t you two just a bird in this world” is what I said.
... And to the youth of the church: Never let anyone tell you that you need to be any different than who you are. There are thousands in this state alone who will love you and accept you. You are beautiful and perfect just the way you are!
Carbohydrate:1.7g
to proclaim freedom for the captives
(1)Put water, Cooking Oil and salt in a saucepan and bring to a boil.
Nope. You don't want to die then run away or don't put yourself in a bad situation.
"Happy St. Patrick's Day Leprechauns!"
The group of four, as they were not intending in any way to be racists, apologised profusely for inadvertently causing offence.
11. Uncle Meat
The Slight Edge is that little something that makes one person successful where another one isn’t.
Also in my attempt to get better at photography I've joined a photo club. It's been so fun-the guys who run it are professionals and make money doing it so I'm basically getting free photo lessons. I love it!! We focused on food a couple weeks ago and this is my great masterpiece from that session! The one guy (Andy) wanted to steal my wide angle lens when saw it-goodie! I have good equipment! What do you think of this photo?
Fox will have many road blocks to conquer on his way to owning his own dairy farm. He has to take milking classes in order to keep up on milking standards and regulations through the American Farmers Association (AFA). If he doesn’t partake in courses each year and doesn’t live up to the standards of a random inspection, his farm could be shut down. Fox has already completed several courses over the years and must continue to do so every year when he takes over the farm.
Programs and Recreation
The Japanese cocktail was one of the first cocktails ever made. One of a handful of cocktail recipes published in Jerry Thomas's seminal cocktail guide, The Bar-Tender's Guide (1862), the Japanese is a wonderful drink that too often gets forgotten. Sure, most cocktail bloggers know it, as well as craft bartenders, but how often do you see someone actually order one. Perhaps the sole reason for this is that the Japanese cocktail is a bit sweeter than many contemporary cocktails. Notoriously in the nineteenth century, drinkers had more of a sweet tooth than drinkers today. And considering how much attention bitter cocktails receive these days, it seems that the Japanese will remain more commonly spoken about than drank.
Remove foil, sprinkle lightly with cheese (okay, as much as you want) and top with a thin layer of Panko bread crumbs. Slice the remaining butter in thin slivers and random place on top. Bake uncovered another 15 minutes or until gratin is toasted and brown.
Yes, after coming to Japan for 8 years, and not having a single friend or family member pop by in all that time, someone actually came!
Kevin quickly warms to the idea of being a dad and to seeing where things go with Beth. After all, he's not the player she thinks he is. But she's not ready for a relationship and, given his reputation, it's going to take a lot to convince her to go on a second date with the father of her child... So days before reading this book I had finished the first one in this series, Exclusively Yours, and I could not wait to start this one. The Kowalski’s left such an impression on me that I was antsy to revisit them soon!
Sandifer SH, Wilkins RT, Loadholt CB, Lane LG, Eldridge JC. Spermatogenesis in agricultural workers exposed to dibromochloropropane (DBCP). Bull Environ Contam Toxicol 1979; 23: 703-710.
On the same day last week two major non-profit organizations filed suit in the US over fairly shocking circumstances relating to immigrants and refugees. If they win, we could see some excellent new case law on immigrant rights. Here's a quick run-down.
Also worthy to note the southern rings in the video… and scalar square over Knoxville, Tennesee .
These are the obvious ones though. The ones that stick out the most. The ones everyone looks at and laughs. And then wishes they had them.
A Girl in Every Port is a buddy film which tells the story of two sailors (Victor McLaglen and Robert Armstrong) and their encounters with various women in various ports of call. Brooks, under contract to Paramount at the time, was loaned to Fox for the film. She plays the girl from Marseille, France. Myrna Loy, Sally Rand, Leila Hyams, Natalie Kingston and Maria Casajuana (the soon to be Maria Alba) are among the other girls in other ports of call.
Dates: Jun 18-Jul 20; Age/Grade Range: 4-15yo
Guinsoo: Right.
Sitcoms? Just because they're primary purpose is to make you laugh (often in a ridiculous fashion) doesn't mean that aesthetics can't come into play. Sitcoms are capable of going beyond comedy; after all, narrative and character development do still exist in sitcoms, right?
I was told this morning that the City of Fremantle has introduced new fees for stall holders at local markets. The Growers Green Market at the South Fremantle Senior High School was told each stall holder will be charged a $ 350.00 a year fee. WHY?!
From our lectures and information gathered in class, we know that shopping is much different in Spain than throughout their neighboring European countries. Whereas countries like France and the United Kingdom prefer larger hypermarket shopping centers like malls and one-stop style grocery stores, Spain once again falls back on its communal roots, preferring smaller traditional markets and specialty stores when shopping for goods. They favor a more personalized experience, where the product is handcrafted and possesses an amount of heritage and intrinsic value. Our car then will not be sold on giant mega-lots. Instead the car will be sold through smaller, more personal shops. The seller will work one-on-one with buyer in a very informal fashion, attempting first to get to know one another, maybe over coffee and a small lunch before attempting to make a sale. Since these locations will be small and personalized for each community, the seller will only have a few cars in inventory at a time, meaning the buyer will likely have to wait for delivery if the desired options are not available. This will not be an issue though, as the Spanish are not action-oriented, and the extra time it takes to receive the car creates the perception that it was specifically catered and crafted for them. Even after the sale, the buyer will stay in contact with the seller, and because of the collective nature of the culture the buyer will be more likely to refer his friends and family. This will be a critical form of advertisement for the car, more important perhaps to their culture than even traditional marketing media.
Another strange development started 4 days ago. He goes out with a pretend microphone to give them the weather report. I eavesdropped the other day by cracking his bedroom window. He was talking loud and looking up into the tree. “Today’s gonna be really windy, maybe some snow, so you better stay in your nest all day guys”. Wow. The kids a die-hard. I yelled out at him “Hey, while your out there tell your friends in the tree to quit pooping on our cars!” He passed along the message.. Stay strong my friends, stick to your guns. Don’t let your kids convince you to do something crazy like I’ve done 5000 times….
Ya' just gotta love that great little "Beard band" from Texas!
“The iPad 2,4′s gains in battery life…are significant. We measured a 15% increase in our web browsing battery life, a nearly 30% increase in gaming battery life and an 18% increase in video playback battery life” compared to the iPad 2 with the older A5 chip, according to Anandtech.
colored in all the areas open in the stencil so that I wouldn't get confused when I started carving which parts needed to be removed. Then I started carving. I started with the smallest nib and outlined the areas I wanted removed and then did the small detail areas with the smaller nib as well. I went on to the larger size and kept working until I'd removed all the excess block.
Measures of large-denomination time deposits will continue to be published by the Board in the Flow of Funds Accounts (Z.1 release) on a quarterly basis and in the H.8 release on a weekly basis (for commercial banks).
Even without the cost, there’s a reason why Zacarias Moussaoui got life imprisonment as opposed to death: he wanted to be a martyr. Something needed to be done to prevent that martyrdom complex.
When one asks this question in the United States about the reasons behind the terrorist acts of 9/11, one is stoned to death on Fox News. Because it is fairly recent History, somehow it is not politically correct. Yet, when we consider the massacre of American-Indians and how their native land was “stolen” from them, it is not politically incorrect to affirm that American settlers were, in fact, “wrong”…
I'm starting to get the feeling that the web's killer app is television.
Doesn’t it feel awful when you finish a puzzle and find that there are missing pieces? I used to think so. I took a photo of this puzzle because I was going to send it to the manufacturer to see if I could get replacement pieces. Incidently, this puzzle is called, “the world’s smallest puzzle”. I think it was only like 8″ by 10″ when completed. I was cleaning not too long ago to have friends over for dinner and I moved the table. Under the leg of the table were two puzzle pieces – each not too much bigger than 1/3″ square. So, I never saw the puzzle completed, but I added the pieces to the can so that the next gullible person who completes the puzzle will get a full view.
Good luck to those students currently applying for Google Summer of Code!
As I like to keep things simple, I just stuck the crayons down in a straight line - I then built the layout around the splat! I didn't think it needed too much embellishing as the colours are so vivid.
Here's my example-I worked with the new MME Miss Caroline Dilly Dally and I mixed it with some Stella & Rose, Lost and Penny Lane lines.
Yes, I think we’ve all been there. What a ride that is! Lost Souls isn’t my first novel. There have been others, all now languishing in the shadowy corners of my hard drive. But LS was the first one I truly thought had some legs, so to speak. I was getting praise from all quarters, but publishers and agents didn’t appear to share the same belief. A couple of times I got close, but it never amounted to the ever elusive dotted line. So much time went by trying and waiting, I was on the verge of giving up. And you have to remember too, it’s a very subjective business and one publisher’s ‘no thanks’ could be another publisher’s gold dust.
vanilla wafers
And there will always be someone, somewhere
(I kid)
I wonder, too, how this group is funded? What is the Constitutional authority for such a group? Asking such questions is undoubtedly considered 'xenophobic' or 'extremist' these days.
Thomése could have said much the same. What he did say of his daughter is that “[i]f she still exists anywhere, then it’s in language.” During a panel discussion[3] at Bookexpo in Los Angeles in 2008 he told the audience that he was terrified that he wouldn’t be skilful enough to get it right: “I wrote about this immediately after it happened. There was nothing else I could do.”
Wet n Wild Brulee – crease to browbone
Two days ago a big, black millipede wiggled across the road while I was on my way to school. I don't know much about our hundred or thousand-legged friends, but I do know a few of them are dangerous. I respectfully gave way to the millipede, just as I had refused to touch his wormier-looking cousin. Ants form streams of shining black across paths and roads, slithering parades that should be observed and then stepped over with a quickness. Butterflies rest and fan their wings gently on rocks and asphalt alike. Grasshoppers are also unwanted bathroom friends, tiny fruit flies and mosquitoes buzz around at night looking for different types of prey on which to feed. I count myself among the lucky few who are generally unappetizing to both. Small geckos and lizards dart up walls and tree trunks.
If you haven’t heard about infant potty training, you probably think I’m a nut. The mother of my children, who entrusted me with their care so she could feed and house them, thought I was a nut, too. Soon after we moved from East Dulwich to neighboring Nunhead she asked me to stop torturing her children and vacate the premises.
I hope you enjoy these this week. We only have two weeks left of the challenge, and just in time for shorts season. I hope you all have a wonderful Monday!
Please come if you can, bring a colleague or friend and let other people know. The cost is £15 (payable by cheque or cash on the night). It would help if you can let me (or Ron) know by email in advance if you are coming. See our website www.narrativeleadership.org for others in the series. Hope to see you there.
And after that, Manuary.
Who are you guys rooting for to win? I’m rooting for either Jeremy or Conda. Mostly Jeremy. There’s just something about Kim that rubs me the wrong way. It’s been such an interesting season. I’ve enjoyed most of it, but so much drama! Was anyone else rooting for Jeremy to win tonight? What did you think of the challenges? I’ve given you my TwoCents, now I want to hear yours! Please leave your comments in the space below. Thank you for reading my stuff and I will see you next week for the finale!!
THE military yesterday vowed to avenge the death of 11 soldiers, including an officer, in an ambush staged by the New People’s Army Wednesday in Ifugao.
Having lived with Chronic Fatigue Syndrome (CFS – or CFS/ME, as the medical profession now place Myalgic Encephalomyelitis under the same heading) for the past 5 years or so, and blogged about it on several occasions, it’s easy to forget there are people who either don’t know I have it, or don’t really know what it is.
“So, instead of exposing them booky mandem, you go and cheat on man with 10 other rapists?” He said, sort of sadly actually. He almost looked like he wanted to cry.
Here's what you might not know:
A new report by the World Intellectual Property Organization (WIPO) analyzing IP trends in 2008 and 2009 suggests that innovative activity and demand for IP rights dipped during the global economic crisis, but began to recover this year.
I visit Grandma once every 2 weeks or so. I take Emmaline to see her (it's an hour+ drive) in the nursing facility where she lives now. She can only handle a 20 minute visit but it's worth the drive to see her and to allow Emmaline to know her Great Grandmother.
to the Prisoners they would insist
Friends and neighbors I hadn't seen in 30 years
That also turns, as part of some
According to Clinton: “We will also put special emphasis on encouraging major and emerging global powers – China, India, Russia and Brazil, as well as Turkey, Indonesia and South Africa – to be full partners in tackling the global agenda.”
Whatever It Is Festival
Melt butter in a large frying pan (you can add chopped onions too, saute until soft). Then add the pierogies and pan fry until lightly crispy. Serve with a side of sour cream or salad.
11. Danny Boy - Frank Parker
If you're in that place where you need to breathe, give yourself permission to rest.
And then an author handed me a business card after pitching her very interesting book to me in the lobby of the hotel. I took one look and my attitude about author business cards was forever changed. I saved this business card not only because I liked the author’s book and her professionalism and apparent dedication to her dream, but because her pitch was on the back of the card! Looking at this card days later, I knew exactly who this author was. I knew what her book was, I remembered our conversation and her energy. I even remembered how we laughed about the faces people make in their Facebook photos. (Ever see the duck-face teenage girls make? Or the classic shot taken from the ceiling?)
I am very sad to announce the loss of my dear Mother. Her funeral took place today and as we mourned her death we also celebrated her life of 89 active and healthy years. Survived by four children and their spouses, eight grandchildren and the spouses of five, and twelve great-grandchildren, she was well loved and cherished by all.
April 26th: As I just mentioned, I have less than three weeks until I leave. Aaaaand….still no visa. This is a big deal. I’ve tried to get ahold of the company numerous times to see what is going on and I am having a difficult time getting a hold of them. I literally cannot go to India if I don’t get this back, and SOON. Please, please, please pray that things will go through and that I will have it in my little mitts early next week!
#AntiWinsorNetwork
Portable displays.
Actually, it hasn't.
Comment: True (Art II Sec 2 CL 2)
“It’s getting harder for people to make ends meet, because we have a government that is crushing us every single day with more taxes, more regulations, and the idea that they know better than you how to run your life.”
Lumber distributors — who channel supplies from mills to end users — finding it difficult to raise loans to buy lumber in the cash markets are resorting to buying futures as a hedge and to possibly take delivery when a contract expires.
Article 7: When two or more local copyright administrative management entities have jurisdiction over the same unlawful act, the copyright administrative management unit who was first in filing the case is responsible for investigation and prosecution of the unlawful act.
If both eyes need vision correction, children are given prescription glasses for better focus and to prevent misalignment of the eyes.
On July 20, around 5:30 PM Israel time, Kishkushim was mentioned and displayed in a CNN report on blogs about the ongoing conflict in the CNN program "American Morning". The following is an excerpt from the show's transcript:
It is time, my friends and enemies, my supporters and debunkers, my workers of light and Satanic stalkers, yes it is time: I can no longer operate in secret; it is time to remove my mask-hat and tell the world who I am.
At least I'm coming home in daylight.
I recommend you read Stalking Mary because everyday you will wake up and think, "Gee, I really hope no one I kind of ignored 15 years ago is secretly stalking me..."
Which of these Amendments would survive?
Order: Sell short TIE @ 14.70, Buy-to-cover stop loss @ 15.23
SH: But I'm not like that guy.
The following is a narrative of what happened. It reveals a depressing sequence of failures at the “newspaper of record”. Most of the sources for this post are set out on the resource page at my Jack of Kent……..
The number of individuals sensitive to fragrances is growing, according to this article titled Dangerous Fragrances. As many as 30 percent of people show some type of physical reaction to scented products—and for some, the reaction can be severe.
Canada must stop the rot and develop an air defence strategy based on logic, reason, science, engineering and experience. Fix the training fiasco and purchase outright the fleet of CT-155 trainers. Then arm the CT-155 as a secondary fighter, like the RAF and RN have. I’ve suggested in a previous blog about my vision for fighters.
“Given no injury has been shown over the past 7 years of Planned Parenthood’s participation, it is clear that the true emergency is that this is an election year and again we are seeing politicians put the health of their political careers ahead of the health of women.”
Because if she does squash the urge, I've got a feeling it'll pop up somewhere else.
the concept of a cyborg cinderella sounds catchy as hell, don't it? thankfully, this book, for all it's ambitiousness, ends up being a kickass read. the only problems i had with it was its sometimes slow pace and lack of a fleshed-out world. i honestly don't know what really did it for me--the swoonworthy love interest and the spunky-as-hell heroine, most likely--but i just dug this one. i'll be reading the sequel, and coming from someone who 70% of the time skips sequels, that's saying a lot!
constructing a computer regression model based on said selected patent metrics, said regression model being operable to input said selected patent metrics for each said patent in said first and second patent populations and to output a corresponding rating or ranking that is generally predictive of the presence or absence of said first and/or second quality in said first and second patent populations according to a determined statistical accuracy; and
I was never one to use several different shapes – having 4 or 5 brushes to just apply eye shadow was annoying and time consuming. After I discovered the perfect brush for both applying and blending, I then found a great brush cleaner that not only cleans and sterilizes but dries almost instantly. No more damp brushes – blush, lip, eye shadow, eyebrow, powder, etc. Isn’t it amazing how the right product changes an irritant into a pleasure?
Not trusting my memory, I did a bit research in the TC text to be certain: yes, Linn Jacobs' Yellowgreen and Copper journal was the first one I received. My paragraph there tells how I began to feel my way into our exchange and, toward the end of the project, with the experience of many contributions achieved, eventually asked for the opportunity to rework my pages in her book.
Finally, I want to thank you all so much for this wonderful honor. It means a great deal to me and it makes me very proud. Thank you.
Example: Talking head: “Of all the BCS computer components, perhaps none is more rigorous in terms of mathematics than the Colley Matrix.” You: “You shot who in the what now?”
The Woman’s Handbook covers the three most important parts of our lives: ourselves, our relationships and our purpose—which should always be our passion.
Indeed, Precious. What a hypocrite you are.
Or, were these gentlemen thinking how lucky I was to have my wife go out and do all the hard bread-winning work while they had to lug around heating and cooling units and all I needed to do was fluff clothes.
At the end of the last episode we found Elisa hinting that her prized NED status was about to be done in, and as many of you probably guessed, it was.
Hellmann and her fellow researchers studied caterpillars of the Propertius Duskywing butterfly, which feed on Gary Oak trees. This species of caterpillar, like many insects, has a higher metabolic rate and burns more fat during mild winters.
Sour curd: 1- 2 tbsp
The profits of Pattison's were disappointing. See if you can spot something odd about the numbers:
This is what I should have told you…
Elena David for the many interviews and support.
Food freedom looks like eating broccoli and pickles at midnight. It looks like eating cookies and popsicles for breakfast. It looks like taking one bite of a (usually beloved) marshmallow and throwing out the rest because it's too sweet at that moment. It looks like eating six packets of fruit snacks in twenty minutes. It looks like opening 16 packages of Fun Dip all at once and using the dip sticks made of sugar to make the Empire State Building (instead of eating them) while watching James and the Giant Peach.
Even if Genesis 1 is not a completely “true” in the sense of scientific evidence, it is still true in the theological sense. The writer or writers of Genesis were not scientists in the sense that we say today, they were writers, theologians, pastors. The purpose of Genesis is to give meaning to what the world was and is and how the worship of Elohim would proceed. Genesis 1 gives us a framework for rest, sacredness, liturgy and time.
Frenchie Frenchie Frenchie 1978 obscure 7" by Fatsy Wataire. No need, no wonder.
40. Woyzeck ^
After the airport, Caden and I ran some errands and I came home to check Facebook before heading to pick up the kids from school. I was both surprised and elated to see some "action" on the Facebook group I've joined for adoptive parents that were DTC right around the same time we were. Nearly a dozen families in the group...including families that are reusing their dossier...received their LOA's yesterday, and many of them had waited less than three months. In fact, some of them had waited less than two months. One family over the four month mark is still waiting, but the majority of the other long waiters received good news.
Also, we will be writing letters, drawing pictures, and making packages for the elder and the couple in our ward serving.
From Kane Miller there’s Ruth Starke’s Noodle Pie ($15.99) that tells the story of American-born Andy who returns to Vietnam with his dad, a former refugee returning for the first time to visit his relatives. Talk about culture shock, but it is also a valuable lesson in learning about Vietnam. There’s a lot of fun to be had in The Python Problem by Darrel and Sally Odgers ($4.99), a short book in the Pet Vet series told by Trump, a dog that lives with a veterinarian who tends to all kinds of animals. If you child shows an interest in animals, he or she will love this delightful story and learn a lot of useful things about animals in the process.
She had to have more! Isabelle kissed him back enthusiastically, as each slight movement of his tongue stoked her own fire. She didn’t know if it was his amazing kissing or the spicy taste, but she had to have more.
I really don’t know why I write. It just gets me into trouble. People get angry, they get scared, they worry. That’s really not my intention. I just think all this stuff is cool. It’s almost comforting, you know? Like there’s more going on that we can’t see. There’s nothing to be scared of; death’s like a spider, it’s more scared of you than you are of it.
But then we get the old arguments –
which will allow you
The compositions aren't that important after all: all they have to do is provide the sound a constant stream of harsh and contorted guitar riffs, uneven stop'n'go dynamics and metronomic bass patterns. They serve quite well for the purpose, and that's all about them.
I wish you all the best and may the good Lord bless you abundantly. Please use the funds well and always extend the good work to others. It is true that we don’t know each other, but I have been directed by God to contact you for this grace. I will appreciate your maximum confidentiality in this matter until the task is accomplished. I will inform you on more details once I have received your reply. Write to me through this my email ******.
Please, don't worry about preorders in the future. We hope to have the situation all sorted by the time Etiquette & Espionage releases and the Manga wasn't effected this time round. In fact, Soulless Vol. 1, the manga hit #2 on NYT's manga list. (Yeah, I didn't know there as one, either.) Hooray! Go little manga go! Rah rah rah! (I blame Alexia's rack.)
Ted Baker: piano
Lace top with satin bias binding: American Apparel (I think this was $10)
So over on Pintrest , what did I pin this week......
For a while now, I’ve been purging. Our living space is somewhat uncluttered, but the basement…that’s a whole other story. It’s a holding cell for things we will need in the future, storage area for overflow of what we can’t fit in our kitchen, storage for almost every single outgrown child toy and children’s clothes from infancy, going back nearly seven years. Sure, every family has needs and the more children the more acquired. But, this is excess.
1 cup semisweet chocolate chips
Once you have dipped them in chocolate you should stick the sticks in a piece of styrofoam covered in plastic wrap. I didn't have any styrofoam so with my husband's quick thinking this is how we were drying them:
I agree with the gist of what both are saying, but not on every single point. I also get a sort of itching in my brain when commenters who have not seen, smelled or tasted these products dismiss them as 'piss'. How do you know? Even when I slag off something like Stella Black, I taste the damn stuff first.
Ham bone, smoked pork jowl, etc. (any hunk of seasoning meat or soup bone)
- Colin Towns: claviers
Confession #3: I’ve been scared to make this post. I’m scared not only because it makes the whole thing seem a lot more real, but also because you guys have become SO important to me. And there are so many of you out there that I consider friends that are deeply struggling and I don’t want to be the person that makes you feel sad. I’ve been there…and even when I feel incredibly excited and happy for a fellow IFer who has announced a pregnancy there is always that small feeling in the back of my mind that says “Why couldn’t it have been me?”.
Several parents I've spoken with are considering not sending their kids to school as a result of the asbestos work.
If anyone is interested, I'm already gung ho about recommending this lifestyle. I've been working my way over to it (slowly at times, 100% at others...) for the past 3 weeks, and I feel fab. You can visit Mark's Daily Apple for more info. Here's the link to his "Primal Blueprint 101" where you can get all kinds of info about the ins and outs of how to live Primal.
Opposition party members agreed with Gissurarson’s second observation. Recently defeated city council candidate, Social Democrat Dofri Hermannsson had a string of candid, if depressing, responses that seemed to perfectly encapsulate the Reykjavík-area’s response to the survey.
Yes!!! All your sweet comments really moooove me and that is the reason behind this particular card. I love this stamp set from Lawn Fawn so much and of coarse creating CAS cards....so to give the CAS card a bit of special touch, I masked the square and made a small scene with hills...dont you just love em! I put some twine around the Cow's neck as the belt for the bell as it really looks wonderful.
Web site: fpdigital.com
You know, I ought to see if some other families with which I have had association would consider such a meal. Oh, not too soon. And probably not fried chicken this time. I have either made dinner for this family or eaten with them after doing so several times now. I've gotten some practice. The chili was just chili, the chicken was okay, but I think the corned beef was the best. I'll have to think about some other meals. It's just food, in the end, all of it. But a hot meal, shared or even just delivered, is a very nice thing. I would know. It would be nice to do that once a month, or every other month, something like that. When my mom visits I may try to learn how she does homemade egg noodles. The noodles are often thicker, almost on the order of dumplings, but yet definitely not, definitely noodles. They just bring that to mind. My mother has made beef and chicken type soups, or more like stews. Though almost any meat would probably do. That I would have to practice though. Still, a good solid beef chuck roast, goose, or even a couple of roasted chickens wouldn't be too bad, with fixings. The great thing about roasting is you can add the veggies right in. Mashed potatoes wouldn't be bad either, I found that I could peel and dice five pounds of potatoes in no time. Baking potatoes while roasting a meat doesn't always work very well. Just some thoughts.
My iPod has been trying to get me to post this for about three years now, so I'm finally just going to give in and let it happen. Seriously, the amount of times this album pops up when it's shuffling is almost eery. Dominion are from Sweden and play a very decent style of technically brutal death metal - plenty of intricate weedling, crushing grooves, lung-barfing vocals, and an almost "catchy" approach to songwriting (see 'I Bury Blades') that is buried just beneath the veneer of seemingly endless riff salad. It won't change your life or become your new favorite record, but I dunno, maybe it will become your iPod's #1 go-to record, like mine.
D3 – Bones
Best of all he knows how to read me like a book, and this is what helps me the most. When I am tired and getting cranky, he will usher the kids into the other room and give me some quiet. If I am stressed and going to blow, he says "It's time to go outside to play!" and off they go so I can have a few moments of peace. When I need a break and want to go on a retreat for four days twice a year, he doesn't complain. He just kisses me when I get back and asks if I had a good time, and helps me carry in all my stuff. And then cooks me dinner ;)
Liked up with
Line a baking sheet with parchment paper
75% Northern Brewer
As well as the herd of gnus, giraffes,
Girard implicitly suggests that action is needed. It is not enough just to note the level of abuse of Nature by men. An action is needed! This is obvious in the first act when the community of Knights realizes the problem, they gather ceremonially in concentric circles (like politicians around a table), trying to discuss together, trying to do something in order to stop destroying our environment, but they are too weak to take action and it gets harder with the sky getting grayer, earth dry. Klingsor's side of humanity keeps destroying Nature and the Knights are too weak (or too politicized) to oppose it.
I have a quick post today! (No, really!) I simply needed to enter the Fantabulous Cricut challenge this week, which is to make a mini Valentiny card! It can only be 3x3... how sweet is that? It was a bit daunting for me at first. I love minis (and all of the DT ladies did amazing), but I have never made one. I wasn't sure I could make something cute in such a tiny package. So I decided to start with a tiny creature to deliver my message...
And then we figured we might as well do one in Cape Town for our friends. Nothing formal, we’d just get everyone together somewhere lovely and we’d all be in a room to celebrate.
“Maybe you’re desensitized? Too many violent video games.”
Since this year's writing conference I have mostly been focusing on strategy. On developing one, and I have already turned my first idea on its head. I had focused on trying to learn grammar this past year, since I know I am weak in this area. I felt if I could build competency in this, I would build confidence, and be able to truly move forward.
Back at the end of January, I bought 5-HTP and started taking it at night to help with depression. We'd been through a rough season in the previous months leading up to that point and were just starting to settle into our "new" home, and trying to get into the swing of when and how Jason would be working the insurance gig + trying to make enough money on the side to cover our bills, and whether or not I should take on a part time job, and whether or not that would interfere with Jason doing all that he needed to be doing for our future. The stresses of the season had really taken a toll and I knew I needed something... the deep dark hole of discontent was wet with tears and slippery with snot, and I wasn't sure I could gaze any further into my navel. So I decided that I needed the help, and on top of that I'd decided to start eating better and trying to get out in the woods more + exercising by way of long walks, etc. We kinda got into a groove there... I was cooking more gluten free for the whole family and back to eating more raw food, exercising a few days a week (mostly taking walks in the woods) and the 5-HTP seemed to have taken the edge off and I was consistently feeling better about myself and life in general.
It was shot in the forests surrounding Viborg, Denmark. There’s no talking in the movie – in fact, it’s almost like a music video, set to the song “Slow Show” by The National. But it’s endearing. And dark. And kind of sad.
the moon never actually changes, it is only
- Prawn and vermicelli Vietnamese finger rolls with sweet chilli dipping sauce
However, if you are looking for a place for date night, Cafetasia is also a great pick during the evening. The floating candles create a hint of style and dash of flair, together great ambiance. I would recommend this restaurant for a causal date as sometimes you might have trouble hearing your date, as it can get very loud.
Together with my friend Ilaria Forte, CEO from RadicalFuture, I prepared a short talk on how technology will have an impact in retail, especially for large multi-channel retailers. We developed the following 5 thesis on that subject:
From the bottom of my heart
and which
I'm taking some time off work to play and cuddle this sweetheart all day long, and then I have a couple picture books lined up to illustrate. Ciana is so animated and can go through 50 expressions just waking up; I'm sure my hours of staring adoringly at her will help me to illustrate kids more expressively too.
When she's locked in a bathroom and nearly burned to death, she knows it wasn't an accident, and she has an obvious suspect in mind. While everyone else is overwhelmed with shock, Ister feels guilty… and angry. Andromeda just can't understand why he would want to kill her, unless it has something to do with what he found in her memories. If she learns to read his mind, while protecting her own, she might just find out where she really comes from. But then again, would Ister allow her close enough to try, without a second attempt at her life?
The sweet little tag is from my new Tiny Tags stamp set. I stamped the outline, stitching, and sentiment. Then I trimmed around the outline and matted the tag with brown patterned paper from Crate Paper.
To young Canadians: All my life I have worked to make things better. Hope and optimism have defined my political career, and I continue to be hopeful and optimistic about Canada. Young people have been a great source of inspiration for me. I have met and talked with so many of you about your dreams, your frustrations, and your ideas for change. More and more, you are engaging in politics because you want to change things for the better. Many of you have placed your trust in our party. As my time in political life draws to a close I want to share with you my belief in your power to change this country and this world. There are great challenges before you, from the overwhelming nature of climate change to the unfairness of an economy that excludes so many from our collective wealth, and the changes necessary to build a more inclusive and generous Canada. I believe in you. Your energy, your vision, your passion for justice are exactly what this country needs today. You need to be at the heart of our economy, our political life, and our plans for the present and the future.
I fail miserably at expectations and handling clichés, I don’t go well with insane restrictions or have-tos. I find prude negative stances whenever I try and give a helping hand.
This is the opening to chapter 13.
My Thoughts: I’ll start by saying that I’ve never read the books so I won’t address whether or not it stayed true to the novel, however I’ve heard it did. I was excited to hear that they casted Jennifer Lawrence in the lead role. After watching her in Winter’s Bone I’ve become a fan. Though most of the actors are fairly unknown there was a fantastic performance by Woody Harrelson, the always brillant Elizabeth Banks and a very awkward appearance by Lenny Kravitz. This is a powerful film. The movie address’s social classes and mortality through the use of districts. A society that was once ravaged by war and violence is now held in fear by a killing game.
the other. I just need to remember that He is the one who has placed these passions within me. Oh, by the way, this conversation with God came about because I asked Him, “God, what do I need to hear from You? What do I need to do to obey You?” God is talking about me writing. I had long ignored the fact He was calling me to write. It is within me like the blood flowing through my veins.
I turn 27 in 11 minutes, and I still like them.
"What are h-r-n-d and g-k-l-s?" asked Mother.
Milk Glass: flea market, thrift store
His son Uriel (Ashkenazi) has also entered the family business, so to speak. Rather than being a plodder, like his father, Uriel is more of a modern academic, publishing best-selling books and being invited to join prestigious societies and boards, honors denied his father. At one such ceremony, the father watches his son’s big moment with a dour expression, his humiliation furthered by his son’s tribute to him that ends up being a pointed reminder of his failures.
Mergler D, Bélanger S, De Grosbois S, Vachon N. Chromal focus of acquired chromatic discrimination loss and solvent exposure among printshop workers. Toxicology 1988; 49: 341-348.
“Oh, please, sister,” Mister Rogers says. “I’m done.”
This song reminds me a bit of the "Buena" cover they often pull out live to let George unleash the furious side of his vocals (how about a studio version of that one, guys?), but it's still a sound all their own.
Part of it has to do with our culture. Culturally, we’ve slipped over the precipice of “tolerance” to such a degree that people aren’t willing to say that much of anything is “wrong” or “right.” Adultery has become an “affair.” Sin has become “mistakes.” We’ve gutted our thinking of any real conviction, any lasting moral foundation. As a result, we all feel like the “right” thing to do is to be merciful.
We will require a glance at the Professionals & Con’s: The very best solution should be to use a chairlift servicing deal using the business you got the actual chairlift via. Your additionally aspect! Local Engineer available, Van stored along with spare parts, In-house skilled on the goods they deploy service along with restore. An instant basic mobile call should have you installed and operating in no time.
11 ) When your boyfriend plays Usher’s song Confessions for you and asks you to listen for the “hidden meaning”…
- brian lavelle - alessandri's dream - dust, unsettled - 2008
Kyla Bidgood - Many pieces in our studio are on their "second life"; used in a new way or altered. It's something we keep in mind for all of our projects.
When you ask "How are you?"
So when I received my package from Pool, I got some good drink recipes enclosed, but being the mad scientist that I am I had to experiment on my own and come up with something new.. So I present to you all the "PoolSide"
Ironically, a much nicer man was the ultimate British heel, and Big Daddy's nemesis; the 40+ stone Giant Haystacks. A man I was truly scared of as a child, but never were the words 'gentle giant' more apt. A deeply religious man (apparently he would never wrestle on a Sunday), Martin Ruane was quite the gent, and would always chat and sign autographs.
By the rest of us helping out, I mean that when Pat was living here (he just moved to South Carolina a week and a half ago!), he stayed up in his room and played Black Ops all day, so the responsibility fell on my shoulders.
So, the idea of Church Discipline, in this light, consists of lovingly and privately calling out the offense. Then taking a few people as witnesses if that doesn’t work. If that doesn’t work, we then involve the church community. If that doesn’t work we treat them as tax collectors and pagans. However, this doesn’t mean we kick them out and avoid all contact. Instead we treat them the way Jesus treated tax collectors and pagans. We leave the 99 and pursue the 1 who is astray. We love them and love them and love them no matter what. We have dinner at their house. We ask them to change their ways. But we also never stop inviting them into community. In no way do we shun them until they get on board with our way. It is not our job to convict of sin. That is the job of the Spirit. It is our job to show love and forgiveness. And if we must call out sin, then we do so in a loving and forgiving and understanding way.
...This absolutely stunning image is 'Melinda Blowing Kisses' from the Guardian Angel collection by Whiff of Joy & drawn by one of my fave artists Elisabeth Bell, who's images I think are actually THEE best drawn stamps on the market. They all have a simelar look to them and are pretty & sweet in an oldy worldy kind of way and lend themselves perfectly to a shbby chique style...
Your pocket-watch tablet is talking. It’s a phone? What’s a phone? You mean, like a talking letter? That fellow there? He looks like a dandy. No, we have one in town, John Adams, like the president – he wears his knickers too tight and he prefers the company of men. No, I don’t mind him. He makes a wonderful moonshine out of cornmeal. He calls it Sam Adams, after his son.
Hemm.. make that 2 WEEKS! I bet the staff at the Malaysian Student Department will be on Hari Raya leave for at least a few days. Then we probably have to apply for a visa too. I need to ask UK Border Agency about this because if its possible, I don't want to apply for our baby's visa until November. Reason is, we are going to renew our visa then. So if I apply for our baby's visa now, the life period of that visa is not worth the money I am paying for it. When I renew my visa this coming November, I need to renew our baby's visa as well. URRRGHHHH!!!
P.S. I eventually did find a copy of the Chicago Manual of Style in the languages section, right next to the books that teach Spanish, French, and Japanese. So score one for the good guys!
Windhoek - An estimated 11 billion barrels in oil reserves have been found off Namibia's coast, with the first production planned within four years, mines and energy minister Isak Katali announced Wednesday.
In addition, I recently joined the TOS Homeschool Crew as a product reviewer and am thoroughly enjoying my time getting to know new friends as well as share this adventure with 'old' friends whom I have discovered are on the crew as well. I have had the privilege to begin using and reviewing several different homeschool products for free and am thinking this is a pretty cool gig! LOL.
2008 has me seated in front of my computer alone, running back and forth from the kitchen to the living room of my apartment in South Korea. Streaming video from MSNBC and DemocracyNOW keeps me on top of the latest happenings including McCain's concession speech, Obama's victory speech. The crowds are cheering on a portion of my computer screen. I see New York City and Chicago, I hear about the streets of West Philadelphia, I celebrate vicariously. I am thrilled at the turnout, elated that Barak Obama is the President Elect, hopeful for the future of the country...and I express these sentiments over the computer to a friend who is also online. 4 years brings me into a very different reality.
while we're away
Page count: 90 pages
Great idea number 8. At some point you may decide to narrow down your subject matter so to stay on track collect items that relate and take lots of photos. Everytime you see something you like, take a photo. I am firmly keeping a hold on two books that have really inspiring, close up, vibrant photos in them so I can draw from them when I need to. One is “Australian Birds in colour”by Ketih Hindwood and the other is “Jenny Phillips’ Australian Botanical Artist” calendar from 2003.
The only female permitted on the premises is the Steward's wife - and she's not allowed out from behind the bar, even to collect empties. Some may consider the place a sexist anachronism, but it's a well-loved sexist anachronism, and one that nobody really minds too much about. The club's constitution doesn't actually bar women, but none have shown the slightest interest in joining (as my mum has pointed out) what amounts to two rooms of middle-aged and elderly Yorkshiremen complaining about the state of Rugby League and (in summer) cricket, and at all other times, the government.
Today is my first day of class with my 5th grade kiddos. I am excited but always seem to get butterflies the first day. I guess I am not a whole different than the students! ; ) I am sure it will be a great year and I am grateful to work in a profession that is so rewarding. I hope all of you have a wonderful day! I look forward to coming home this evening and seeing all of your sweet comments and knowing you took a few precious moments of your day to visit me! : )
As far as the taste, I got just a slight fruity taste, but the overriding taste was a spicy, peppery taste. The aftertaste tasted like pure black pepper. Of course, even though I did not like this bottle at all, I did drink the whole bottle, due to my being a tightwad and not wanting to waste the $9 I spent on the bottle.
Bonjour mon ami's! I hope you are doing well. I wrapped up my semester late last week and now I'm planning 3 1/2 months of summer bliss. This was an especially busy semester, more so than last fall, and I didn't think that was possible. I intended to take 1-2 online classes this summer but I felt I needed a break instead. I am so thankful that I did!
And he claims he’s doing it because that’s what Gai would do. Yup, despite all that shit he’s been through, he still hasn’t actually manned the fuck up. And he basically makes the argument that it’s ‘tough love’ so basically this is all really boring. Oh, and nobody suspects that Inori attacked Arisa.
Rivera: If writers shouldn’t presume they will make money directly from book sales, what other opportunities exist for them indirectly so they don’t have to flip burgers?
Valeri Madigan
"I was nominated for an Edgar" means I look up the Edgar list for that year.
Hi all! It's a new year and a new round of Flourishes stamps is just about ready to be revealed! So, let's ring in this new year, with a release week challenge designed to honor the changing of old...to new!
As you might imagine, we spend a lot of time here at Jarvinian testing all things wireless. The antenna tests mentioned in an earlier post are just one example. We also regularly test the cellular networks in our area and when we travel. Each of us has a few apps installed on our phones designed to test the speed of cellular networks and while none seemed particularly accurate in terms of actual speeds, they all provide some insight into the relative speed of a network in different locations. However, we recently found an app that returned absolute network speeds more in line with what know to be reality. The story of this app reveals a lot about the public’s (mis)perceptions when it comes to the speeds of wireless networks.
Nothing can beat, when someone shows you a shortcut and you save 40 kms.
I figure if that little girl can do it, I can to! So I picked up the phone today, while booking my pre-wedding mani/pedi, I also booked my Post-Wedding Chop benefiting Locks of Love. Are you doing the Chop for a good cause?
So how does a synth go about controlling and manipulating this vast universe of sound? Well, quite easily actually.
Don't tell me it moves at a rapid clip. Anyone who writes 33 word sentences is immediately dis-membered from the Rapid Clip Club.
For those sitting back waiting for the menu details of the Beer Dinner at Beer Deluxe next Thursday, wait no more!! Here it is. And don't worry if you have any special dietary requirements - as long as let us know when you book.
With everyone wishing they could make you stay.
plantings lining the streets.
First, since I'm proud of myself, here's the "after":
Okay, back to Rogo. He needs a mix of activities to keep from getting bored, and of course training the same thing every day is a recipe for lameness, but having said that, he thrives on harder work. He gets more energized, accurate and responsive when he works harder (within reason of course). He's been this way pretty much since he's been backed. He won't be all crazy let's go, go, go when he gets to Sue's, because of rest and time off. He'll be " damn, work? seriously?, well okay... here's a little trot, ..." and it will take at least a week to get up to speed, no pun intended. That's my prediction. I'll check back on it next week.
Vibram is the world leader in high performance rubber soles, targeted to the outdoor, work, recreation, fashion, repair and orthopedic markets.
By Dennis Rockstroh of mercurynews.com Posted: 09/12/2010
+ record number of goals in a premier league season - 103!
The Iranian Ilna news agency has reported that a media law court in found Shokraye guilty of insulting the MP and sentenced him to a whipping. 25 lashes is considered a relatively light sentence in Iran where the giving of 200 lashes accompanied by the amputation of a limb or execution is not uncommon.
This City served as a source of inspiration last season for society designer, Douglas Hannant. This season, designer Tadashi Shoji drew inspiration from past and present Shanghai to deliver a beautiful collection that stars such as Olivia Spencer, will continue to love and wear.
As we walked into the clubhouse, we were greeted with flower arrangements, apéritifs, and a mini wedding expo. My mom and I were a bit dressed up since we went to brunch, so everyone there automatically assumed we were at the Clubhouse at Nature Pointe to learn about invitation options, photographers, and of course carriage ride entrances. (Of course, that’s not true!) It was interesting trying to tell everyone that we were not, in fact, there for the wedding expo. In spite of that, we wandered out to the back area and I was amazed that all this existed in Albuquerque, an area that I’d always known as “high desert”, which means sand and rock, not so much tree and wooded areas, like you can see in the pictures above.
As they take the princess away, she cries a single magical tear. It becomes a little magical fairy tear who yells, “help me! Help me!” and is smarter than the actual princess because the tear manages to turn the disport portion on and the TearFairy travels through time or space or something, and finds our hero, Felix the Cat.
Love knows no bounds.
And while, in this CEC, the sacking of workers may not be unique to France, the reaction of workers to these sackings is quintessentially French.
3-I have lived in 5 states.
-medicines(especially strong pain medicines, such as narcotics, antidepressants or iron pills)
That afternoon, the PCs left their mine and headed down the mountain, to warn Prince Arkus (camped outside the blighted city of Farn Junction) about Innominus' vision of imminent undead doom. They reached the camp at dusk, and Dak and Yor immediately urged the Minochian monarch to dispatch people to the nearby dwarven steel mines to negotiate for large numbers of steel weapons for Arkus' troops.**
Amy’s Organic Light in Sodium – Cream of Tomato Soup
And don’t worry, because “the vicar won’t be home for hours”.
Links are youtube videos for my favorite songs etc. and the list is in no particular order (I wrote stuff as they came along in my mind and as I browsed my library).
Named after a mix-up over a restaurant booking when his trainer and owners were on holiday in Tenerife. The youngest in the field as a May-foaled seven-year-old, Organisedconfusion marked himself as a contender for the John Smith’s Grand National with his victory in last year’s Irish National, when he had two other of this year’s Aintree contenders, Sunnyhillboy and Quiscover Fontaine, back in third and fourth place. It was the gelding’s third, most prestigious and most recent victory, all of them over fences. He has raced four times since, starting with two third places over hurdles at Fairyhouse and Gowran Park in November and December. On his first run back over fences at Leopardstown in January, reunited with big-race rider Nina Carberry, he fell at the first and in March produced a staying-on fifth over an inadequate two and a quarter miles at Gowran. Organisedconfusion was part-bred by his trainer Arthur Moore in partnership with Tim Murray – who was his (Moore’s) first owner when he started training – and made £17,000 when he was offered at Doncaster sales as an unbroken three-year-old. The gelding was bred in Ireland from two French-foaled parents, his sire Laveron and dam Histologie. Laveron, a dual Grade
The mystical path takes us into the center of the heart where this mystery of love takes place. Initially this love is often experienced as longing, a deep desire for God, the Beloved, Divine Truth, or simply an unexplained ache in the heart. Mystics are lovers who are drawn toward a love in which there is no you or me, but only the oneness of love Itself. And they are prepared to pay the ultimate price to realize this truth: the price of themselves. In the words of the 13th century Christian mystic Hadewych of Antwerp:
Right annual-ish update. Been thinking of doing one for some time now. It pops into my head every now and then while I'm working out.
Your parents, the T.V., the radio, strangers, friends, family all spoke to you in your language all the time. It was not a sterile environment with textbooks and flashcards. It was a living breathing fully immersed world, and your young and open mind absorbed tiny bits of language information every hour of every day.
Going by the trend of NASA discovery that they want to use Indian Astrology Tables for planetary mechanics calculations, planetary motions and equinoxes and if after 15 years if NASA or some other western scientific agency comes up with the statement that what said in the Future Forecasts (Panchangam) about behavior predictability is correct at least in 70% of the cases then will all these progressive and democratic organizations will agitate to include astrology in the regular syllabus of school curriculum ? May be they do if we ask NASA to publish their findings in Telugu rather than in English. HR commission correctly pointed that they cannot register a case in this issue and they may try with police. Putting astrologers in to jails is the worst thing and most oppressive thing that takes us back to Papal Era of banning the science and killing astronomers or even to the era of Kamsa who jailed the astrologers who predicted his death. When do we wake up and appreciate our own vernacular wisdom not as religion but as secular science ?
I am a firm believer in being led by the Spirit of God and having a close, intimate relationship with the Father. When you have that, you can find out what God would have YOU to do. I'm not saying that everyone should drink. A person inclined to alcoholism should probably stay far, far away from all of it. So, every person is individual and you have to make your choice for YOU based on what God leads you to do.
Beginning a long and beloved tradition, the contemporary (at the time) Justice League of America is joined by the Golden Age heroes of the Justice Society of America, who dwell in a parallel universe, Earth 2. The kids of the day, were newly introduced to the heroes their parents read stories about and the two teams made an annual tradition of teaming up often bringing in outside heroes to assist! But this was where it all started, with the JLA performing a seance to contact the veteran Society. Like many of the classic covers, this one has been paid homage to many times over the years, but this is the original and still the best!
So, we agreed they would learn to cook. After all, they are old enough to help me out, and you never know, it just might help me..........ok, ok, that was funny. I went a little too far just then.
Christmas day I did laundry early in the morning ( yes, I was the only one there and yoo hoo - lots of machines to use! ) then we were invited to join friends Allen and Linda, daughter A and her friend D for an actual sit at the table meal in their 5th wheel. I cooked the turkey breast, gravy, made a salad, mashed and sweet potatoes. Linda provided early afternoon appetizers and the rest. Fun. We ended with a good game of Trivial Pursuit.
Two years later, "It's a GIRL!" And my Taylor blessing arrived just in time for Mother's Day-- added with our May anniversary and Bryce's birthday, Taye's arrival tripled the celebratory count! I was the mom of a beautiful baby girl, and a curley haired two-year-old boy. That baby girl grew up way too fast, married a great man, and now has a tiny life growing inside her. A tiny heartbeat beating with her own. My Taylor girl is going to be a mama. Oh how sweet life is!
Gelato shops are everywhere in Italy. We went to dozens of them, and never paid more than 2 Euros for at least two scoops. So, if you go into a shop and see that they’re asking for 4 Euros or more, don’t get it there… There’s another shop a couple blocks down that’s just as delicious for half the price.
‘Peter’s journey with these beings is also an inner journey – he begins to have flashbacks, experiencing memories that he begins to understand show him who he actually is, and was. This was also done very well, flowing from a point in time in the 18th century backward to 10000BC or thereabouts, and these scenes do double duty – they explain ‘Peter’s role and also serve to help the reader to get to know him: we meet ‘Peter’ as a specific person and then, through these flashbacks, are taken on the journey of his personality’s evolution, just in reverse. There are other important characters in the novel, two that are inextricably linked to ‘Peter’, but the focus remains on Peter – which proved to be both a good and a bad thing.
